

--- Page 1 ---

10

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

History of the Air Liquide Group

© HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUIDE GROUP

1902

ORIGIN

1913

LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

Air Liquide was born of innovation and an encounter between two
men: Georges Claude, inventor of an industrial process for the
production of oxygen from liquid air, and Paul Delorme, a visionary
entrepreneur.

1906

FIRST INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS

Gas by its very nature is difficult to transport and thus local
production is required. This was one of the reasons Air Liquide set
its sights internationally early on, building numerous production
units abroad. Development was rapid in Europe (1906), Japan
(1907), Canada (1911) and the United States (1916). See
“A Century of International Development.”

The critical role played by shareholders became evident in the
first years of the Company's development. First listed on the Paris
Stock Exchange in 1913, last year the share celebrated its listing
century; 100 years in which Air Liquide has endeavored to forge a
strong and privileged relationship with its shareholders based on
an exceptional stock market performance, with an average annual
increase in its share price over the 100 years to 2013 of +11.9%.

1946

NEW ADVENTURES, DIVING

New adventures shared with Captain Cousteau led to the creation
of Spirotechnique (today known as Aqua Lung™), which designs,
manufactures and sells diving regulators and other equipment
used for professional and leisure diving.

A CENTURY OF INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Air Liquide’s development was rapid during the early part of the XX" century, with significant business growth between the two world
wars. From 1945 to 1970, in an economy that was being rebuilt, the Group consolidated its positions and established itself in South
America and South Africa (1946), then in Australia and North Africa (1956).

In the 1970s, international growth was renewed with a major acquisition: Big Three in the United States in 1986. At the end of the
1980s, taking advantage of its long-time presence in Japan, Air Liquide set its sights on other Asian countries and played its part in the
development of the Electronics market. The Group invested massively in China in the early 2000s; the country is a major growth market
for industrial gases and Air Liquide entered into numerous air gas contracts.

In the 1990s, the Group began to develop in Central Europe. During a second phase, in the 2000s, it made inroads further east in
Russia, Ukraine and Turkey, winning Large Industries contracts. The Middle-East also became a new investment priority.

In 2004, there was a second major acquisition: certain businesses of Messer Griesheim in Germany, the United Kingdom and the United
States. In 2007, the Group purchased minority interests in its joint ventures in Japan and Southeast Asia.

Today, Air Liquide continues to pursue its strategy of expanding its global presence, convinced that the geographical diversity will
guarantee resilience and future growth. As a result, the Group is continuously strengthening its historical positions in the major
economies worldwide and relentlessly seeking footholds in new markets.

Air Liquide is now present in 80 countries, its international dimension being a fundamental component of its identity.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 2 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

1952

THE CRYOGENIC REVOLUTION

History of the Air Liquide Group

1970

A TRADITION OF INVENTIONS

Storing gas in liquid form in cryogenic tanks allows vast quantities
to be transported by road or rail within a radius of around 250 km
from the production site. In 1954, the first liquid oxygen plant
started up in the North of France.

1960

PIPELINE NETWORK STRATEGY

By delivering gas to several customers through pipelines,
Air Liquide adopted a network strategy for the first time, linking
its gas production units through a pipeline network. The Group
multiplied production capacity to meet soaring demand from large
industries: firstly, for oxygen in the steel industry, and secondly, for
nitrogen in chemicals.

The Large Industries business was launched with customers
committing to long-term contracts of 15 years or more. The Group
currently manages a global network of more than 9,200 km of
pipelines in particular on the Gulf Coast, in Northern Europe, in the
Ruhr valley in Germany and in several Asian countries.

1962

SPACE INDUSTRY

Convinced of the industrial potential of cryogenics, Jean Delorme,
Chairman & CEO, decided to create a research center near
Grenoble dedicated to these technologies. The first applications
were rapidly integrated in the space industry. Air Liquide has
been a partner of the space adventure and the Ariane program
for 50 years. The Group's contribution has been as much in the
production of the fluids essential for launch (oxygen, hydrogen,
helium and nitrogen) and the supply of associated services, as in
the design and production of the tanks and cryogenic equipment
of the launchers.

The Claude-Delorme Research Center, located in the Paris-Saclay
innovation cluster and now called the Paris-Saclay Research
Center, was created to enhance gas production techniques and
their applications (combustion, welding, metalworking, chemicals,
electronics, food, respiratory functions, and environmental
treatment). It is evidence of the Group's desire to perfectly
understand the industrial processes of its customers and develop
new gas applications to better satisfy their requirements (in terms
of quality, productivity and the environment). The Center also
develops partnerships with universities and industrial companies.
The Group currently has nine research centers around the world.

1976

A TECHNOLOGICAL BREAKTHROUGH

With the Sasol project in South Africa, transforming coal into
synthetic fuel, air separation units (ASUs) have scaled up,
dramatically increasing in size. Following this technological
breakthrough, Air Liquide became the leader in large ASUs, and
remains so today.

1985

A NEW MARKET, ELECTRONICS

In Japan, the Group began to supply ultra-high purity gases
to the semiconductor industry: this involves carrier gases,
mainly nitrogen, used to transport the specialty gases and inert
storage the chip production tools, and specialty gases that are
used directly in the manufacturing of semiconductors. In 1987,
Air Liquide inaugurated the Tsukuba Research Center in Japan,
which is dedicated to the Electronics industry.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

1


--- Page 3 ---

12

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

History of the Air Liquide Group

1995

EXTENDED OFFERING: HYDROGEN AND STEAM

In addition to oxygen and nitrogen, as part of its commitment
to protecting the environment and promoting energy efficiency,
Air Liquide extended its offering to hydrogen and steam. To
ensure the success of this new offering, the Group has used the
business model, which is behind the success of its air gas activity,
deploying from the beginning a basin strategy based on a pipeline
network, providing customers with flexibility, distribution reliability
and service quality at the best price.

PROTECTING LIFE

Originally an oxygen supplier to hospitals, Air Liquide has become
aspecialist in the Healthcare sector. The Group launched its Home
Healthcare activity and set up a dedicated network of specialist
teams. Medical gases were progressively classified as drugs
and manufacturers were required to file market authorizations.
The Group also developed in the Hygiene sector, an activity that
naturally complemented the hospital services. Most recently,
Air Liquide launched significant research programs in therapeutic
gases, used for anesthesia, resuscitation, and pain relief.

2007

ORGANIZATION BY BUSINESS LINE

The Air Liquide growth drivers for the coming decades are
solid and sustainable, based on changing lifestyles: industrial
growth of developing economies, increasing energy needs and
environmental challenges, healthcare and high technology. To
capture this growth, the Group created a new organizational
structure based on four World Business Lines. They combine the
technical, financial and operational expertise that are specific to
each of the businesses of the Group — Large Industries, Industrial
Merchant, Healthcare and Electronics — and centralize the specific
market expertise. The Group remains geographically focused, but
each zone or country benefits from the support and experience of
the business lines to accelerate its development.

Conscious of the strategic dimension of engineering &
construction capabilities, the Group acquired Lurgi in 2007. This
company provides Air Liquide with major proprietary technologies
such as hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units, or
processes relating to the gasification or CO, purification, adding
to the Group's historical competencies in cryogenics. Thanks to
this acquisition, the Group now has a complete technological
offering and a greater engineering capacity.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

2008

LAUNCH OF THE ALMA PROGRAM
TO STEP UP GROWTH

The Group launches the ALMA corporate program. Driven by the
ambition to be the recognized leader of its industry, the Group
announces its mid-term objectives for an average annual revenue
growth of +8% to +10%, 600 million euros in efficiencies over
three years and a return on capital employed of between 11%
and 12%.

2009

RESILIENCE IN AN UNPRECEDENTED CRISIS

Affected by a crisis of unprecedented magnitude, the Group
focused its efforts on the management of its cash, costs, and
investments (capex). Having tested the solidity of its long-term
contracts, Air Liquide confirmed its resilience and demonstrated
the relevance of its business model. In a context of global
recession, the Group shows itself to be an exception, posting a
stable net profit while preserving the strength of its balance sheet.

2010-2012

UPDATED OBJECTIVES — NEW TERRITORIES,
NEW ACQUISITIONS

Slowly emerging from a crisis that reshuffled global growth,
Air Liquide announces at end-2010 new objectives for its ALMA
program in terms of performance and responsibility. These
objectives were revised at end-2013 to factor in a slower-than-
expected recovery in growth, in particular in Western Europe and
Japan.

The Group accelerates its presence in new territories, including
Turkey, Ukraine and Mexico, and strengthens its presence in
China. These developments contributed to the increase, in seven
years, of the developing economies share of Gas & Services
revenue from 15% to 26% in 2014.

In a weaker growth environment in the advanced economies, and
particularly in Western Europe, Air Liquide intensifies its acquisitions.
At the end of 2012, two major home healthcare players joined
the Group: LVL Médical in France and Gasmedi in Spain. Other
acquisitions were completed in 2013 to strengthen the Group's
positions in Healthcare in Poland, Scandinavia and Canada and
in Industrial Merchant in Brazil, Russia, the Middle East and China.


--- Page 4 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

2013-2014

NEW INITIATIVES IN THE INNOVATION
FIELD - HYDROGEN MOBILITY

Innovation is central to Air Liquide’s strategy. In 2013 Air Liquide
launched two initiatives to promote open innovation: i-Lab,
Air Liquide’s new ideas laboratory, and ALIAD, the Group’s capital
investment subsidiary that takes minority stakes in innovative
technology start-ups. In 2014, the Group decides on new
investments with the modernization of the Paris-Saclay Research
Center, the creation of a center for the development of gas
cylinders for industry and healthcare, and the launch of a technical
center of excellence for cryogenic production technologies.

In addition, on a worldwide scale, Air Liquide actively contributes to
the development of the hydrogen energy activity by accompanying
automotive manufacturers launching fuel cell electric vehicles
on the market. Air Liquide confirms its commitment to a more
environmentally friendly energy source, with the creation of its
Blue Hydrogen® label accompanied by ambitious objectives. The
first hydrogen filling stations have opened (United States, Japan,
France, Germany, Denmark, and the Netherlands), the vast
majority of which are accessible to the general public.

History of the Air Liquide Group

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

13


--- Page 5 ---

14

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

© ACTIVITIES AND RISK FACTORS

Activities

The Group classifies its activities as follows: Gas & Services, Engineering & Technology and Other activities. Additional information is

available in the 2014 Performance section of this report.

2014 Group revenue

Other Activities

Gaz & Services

4%

Engineering & Technolo:
6% si
Electronics

8%

Healthcare
17%

GAS & SERVICES

The supply of gas involves local production in order to limit
transport costs. Air Liquide gas production units are therefore
located throughout the world and can supply several types of
customers and industries, with the relevant volumes and services
required. The operational management of the Gas & Services
activity is organized by four geographic regions (Europe, Americas,
Asia-Pacific and the Middle-East and Africa) and coordinated at
World Business Line level to better adapt to the changes in the
different markets:

= Large Industries supplies industrial gases by operating major
production units. It serves customers in the metals, chemicals,
refining and energy industries with high gas consumption,
requiring delivery through a dedicated plant or pipeline. Large
Industries also supplies the Group’s other business lines.

@ Industrial Merchant supplies a wide range of different
gases, application equipment and associated services. It
serves industries of all sizes that require variable quantities.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

15,358

million euros

90 %

Large Industries
32%

Industrial Merchant
33%

The product is therefore either distributed in bulk, in liquid form,
for medium and large quantities, or in cylinders, in gaseous
form, for small quantities.

@ Healthcare supplies medical gases, hygiene products,
medical devices and services to hospitals and patients in their
homes. It also produces and distributes healthcare specialty
ingredients for the cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine
markets.

@ Electronics supplies gas and services for the production of
semiconductors, flat panels and photovoltaic panels.

Depending on their end use, gases are distributed in different
states and using various means: in gaseous form through a
pipeline network, in liquid form in cryogenic trailers, and in
gaseous form in high-pressure cylinders for small quantity orders
or specialty gases. The Gas & Services activity represents 90% of
the Group’s total revenue.


--- Page 6 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Aci

s and risk factors

LARGE INDUSTRIES 2014 Large Industries revenue by activity

The Large Industries business line proposes gas and energy Other
solutions to customers in the chemicals, metals, energy and 1%

refining industries, that are essential for their own industrial Cogeneration:
production, to improve process efficiency and to make their pa and elect
ho

plants more environmentally friendly. The world leader in this

sector, Air Liquide benefits from dedicated in-house development Hydrogen

and engineering teams, differentiating proprietary technologies and Carbon 4,980*
and rigorous processes for selecting investments and carrying out monoxide million euros
projects, which often include pipeline networks, reaching out over 37%

several hundreds of kilometers.

* 36% of Gas & Services revenue.

LARGE INDUSTRIES PROCESSES

Separation of air gases (ASU: Air Separation Unit)
An ASU compresses, liquefies and distills air in order to separate it into its different components: 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and 1% rare
gases (argon, neon, krypton and xenon). Only certain extremely large ASUs can produce rare gases. Electricity consumption is significant.

AIR GAS PRODUCTION

Simplified diagram of an air separation unit’s operation

DISTILLATION

COMPRESSION PURIFICATION COOLING

Cryogenic cooling

Gaseous
Air rare gases] | arge
Gaseous | j ‘i
Industries
WWW nitrogen | Glient
Gaseous
Www oxygen

‘Compressed air

Loud >) Storage
rare gases| tanks
Liquid [then
nivogen | Industrial
Liquid | Merchant
oxygen client

|
SES S00... J

Eompressor

Filter

Very low temperatui

Exchanger Distillation columns

Airis composed of:

© 78% nitrogen

© 21% oxygen

© 1% rare gases
(Argon, Xenon, Krypton)

| Elimination of water and impure
jolecules (CO>...) to avoid ice
formation during cooling.

A part of the product in the 4" stag
is reused to Cool the air
in the exchanger.

The molecules are delivered to the Large
Industries clients through the pipelines or into
the storage tanks to supply the Industrial
Merchant bulk distribution or cylinder filling units.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

15


--- Page 7 ---

16

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production unit (SMR: Steam Methane Reformer)
By steam reforming natural gas, an SMR produces hydrogen and carbon monoxide. The most significant raw material is natural gas;

electricity and water consumption is modest.

HYDROGEN PRODUCTION

Sulfur removal /
and pre-reforming |

SS

Synthesis

Natural gas
SMR

Simplified diagram of an hydrogen unit’s operation

Gas Production

(Steam Methane Reformer)

Shift reaction Purification

“Shift” Reactor

i— Hydrogen
re Synthesis — —> for Large Industries
pS customers
Catalyst catalyst Off-gas sent back
A A A a A to the burners

x

Natural gas, composed mainly of |
methane (CH,), contains heavier
hydrocarbon "molecules and _
quantities of sulfur, requiring |
removal. | monoxide, is produced.

Steam

Natural gas and steam react inside a | The syngas reacts with the steam to
furnace within catalyst filled tubes. |

Synthesis gas (syngas), composed
mainly of hydrogen and carbon

JOT SECTION COLD SECTION

Hydrogen is purified and delivered to
customers. Other gas components,
called off-gases, are sent to the
furnace’s burners (see section 2 -
Synthesis Gas Production).

produce additional hydrogen. As it
exits the reactor, the syngas is
mainly composed of hydrogen and
| carbon dioxide.

Cogeneration

Cogeneration consists of simultaneously and efficiently producing electricity and steam generally by consuming natural gas and water.
The electricity is supplied to the local network while the steam is required for certain industrial processes.

This business line provides oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen
and carbon monoxide through a network of plants and pipelines.
At December 31, 2014, these were 355 large Air Separation
Units (ASUs), 47 Steam Methane Reformers (SMRs) producing
hydrogen and carbon monoxide around the world and
17 cogeneration plants.

In the metals industry, oxygen is used in steel production to
improve energy performance and reduce emissions. The majority
of new projects are currently located in developing economies.

The chemicals industry uses mainly oxygen, hydrogen and
carbon monoxide in its manufacturing processes, and nitrogen
for the inerting of installations.

The refining industry requires hydrogen to desulfurize fuels
and break up heavy hydrocarbons. The demand for hydrogen
is growing due to the combination of increasingly stringent
emissions legislation and use of heavier hydrocarbons.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Numerous industries linked to energy or chemicals use large
quantities of oxygen to transform coal, natural gas and syngas
hydrocarbons for the production of chemical products, synfuel
or electricity. To meet customer requirements, the supply of
large quantities of gas is indispensable. Air Liquide supplies its
customers directly by pipelines from a dedicated plant or different
plants linked by a network. Air Liquide has built its own pipeline
networks progressively over the last 40 years. With a total length of
more than 9,200 km, these networks stretch, for example, across
Northern Europe, from Rotterdam through to Dunkirk, and along
the Gulf Coast in the United States from Lake Charles (Louisiana)
to Corpus Christi (Texas). Many other mid-sized local networks
have also been built in other significant and fast developing
industrial basins in Germany, Italy, Singapore and more recently,
South Korea and China.


--- Page 8 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

The use of industrial gases is indispensable for these various
industrial processes. As any discontinuity in the supply
necessitates a stoppage of the customer's production operations,
supply reliability is crucial. However, although vital, gas supply
generally represents a very small part of total production cost for
the customer.

The raw materials necessary for the production of industrial gases
vary according to the type of unit and the region. The production
of oxygen and nitrogen requires air and a large quantity of
electricity. Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units
mainly consume natural gas and little electricity. Cogeneration

Aci

s and risk factors

units consume natural gas and water. The energy and capital
intensity of these industrial processes is generally high.

The supply of gas is generally contracted for 15 years. The
signing of new contracts is a guarantee of future growth. For
certain specific projects this can be extended to 20 years.
Within these contracts, the Group guarantees long-term service
continuity and a high level of reliability with respect to the gas
supply via a high-performing industrial solution. In return, the
contracts include the indexation of input costs, mainly electricity
and natural gas, and guaranteed minimum volumes through
take-or-pay clauses.

The Large Industries business line operates under long-term contracts, where costs are indexed, in particular to
energy costs. These contracts, that include take-or-pay clauses, offer considerable visibility of future revenue and
protection in the event of a significant fall in customer volume consumption (below the minimum take-or-pay level).
The long investment cycle and high capital intensity require a solid balance sheet. The signing of new contracts is a

guarantee of future growth.

Air Liquide is developing a network strategy in the industrial basins in order to provide customers with greater supply

reliability while optimizing operating costs.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

17


--- Page 9 ---

18

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activi

s and risk factors

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT

The Industrial Merchant business line serves a wide range of
markets and customers — craftsmen, SMEs, large multinational
industrial groups — offering comprehensive gas solutions for the
implementation and optimization of their industrial processes.
Supported by a global network of business experts and extensive
geographical coverage, Air Liquide provides more than 1 million of
its customers with innovative solutions including industrial gases,
application equipment and related services.

2014 Industrial Merchant revenue by end-market

Technology
and Research

Craftsmen

and Network
14%
5,083*
million euros
Food and

Pharmaceuticals
15%

* 37% of Gas & Services revenue.

The Industrial Merchant activity serves five primary markets:

= Materials and Energy: Customers in this market use a wide
range of different gases. Oxygen is used to reduce energy
consumption in glass and metal manufacturing processes
and to treat wastewater. Nitrogen is used to create inert
atmospheres for the conservation of oxygen-sensitive
products. Carbon dioxide is used in drinking water treatment,
helium for professional diving and magnetic resonance
imaging. Nitrogen and carbon dioxide can be used for the
enhanced recovery of oil and gas and, in certain cases, the
reduction of water and solvent consumption.

= Automotive and Manufacturing: Dedicated solutions exist
depending on production needs. Argon and argon mixtures
are used for metal parts welding in manufacturing industries,
hydrogen and nitrogen for thermal treatment, specialty gases
for waste gas analysis, helium for airbags and specialty
gases (krypton, xenon) for lighthouses and thermal insulation.
Oxygen and acetylene are used in metal heating and cutting
operations. Air Liquide therefore enables customers to produce
high quality products, while improving their manufacturing
processes and preserving their working environment.

= Food and Pharmaceuticals: The Group’s technologies help
increase shelf-life and improve food and pharmaceutical
manufacturing and cooling processes. The three major activities

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Materials

Automotive

and Manufacturing
29%

in this market are the supply of carbon dioxide for beverages,
gas mixtures for modified atmosphere packaging and nitrogen
for process inerting and cold production. Air Liquide ensures
these products comply with prevailing market regulations and
in particular the complete traceability of its gases.

= Technology and Research: Industrial gases are used in the
assembly and encapsulation of electronic components in
optoelectronics processes — particularly LED manufacturing
and optic fiber and silicon cylinder drawing. Specialty gases
required, in particular, for the calibration of analysis instruments
are widely used in research centers and analytical laboratories.
Specific, highly technical gases and equipment have been
developed for these various applications.

= Craftsmen and Network: A wide range of gases are offered for
use in plumbing, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, industrial
maintenance and auto repair activities mostly for welding.
These gases are often sold in special-purpose packaging —
cylinders in compressed gaseous form, tailored to customer
usage requirements.

Such gases can be supplied to the customer's site in gaseous
form in high pressure cylinders, in liquid form using dedicated
cryogenic trailers, or are produced using on-site production
equipment. Distribution remains traditionally local, with deliveries
rarely exceeding 250 km from the production site. To support this
local presence, the Industrial Merchant activity mainly relies on
the gas production capacities of the Large Industries activity and
then develops its own distribution logistics. Air Liquide ensures
the reliability of the gas supply and quality of materials used (tanks
and cylinders). The installation of telemeters and development
of tracking systems is becoming more widespread in order to
optimize distribution logistics.

The Industrial Merchant activity is characterized by
a wide range of customers, markets, applications and
solutions or services. Contract terms vary and can be
as long as five years. Revenue comes from the sale
of gas and related services. It is an expert service
business with a high technology and _ innovation
content, extremely local, with geographic density of
coverage being a key factor. Competition can vary
between areas.

Innovation with regards to markets, products and
applications is a major growth driver. Business growth
is generally dependent on local industrial production
growth.



--- Page 10 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

HE.

HCAR

The Healthcare business line provides gases, services, medical
devices, equipment and hygiene products to more than
7,500 hospitals and clinics and 1.2 million homecare patients
around the world. The business line includes the specialty
ingredients activities of its subsidiary Seppic, serving the
cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets.

Air Liquide is one of the world leaders in this business sector,
which is subject to both stringent regulatory requirements
relating to the drug designation status of several of its gases
and multiple stakeholders (patients, doctors and payers).
Whereas the geographic spread of the medical gases activity
segment corresponds to that of the Industrial Merchant activity,
the breakdown of the Home Healthcare business, Hygiene, and
Specialty ingredients segments are more focused on Europe. As
a result, around 80% of the Healthcare business line's sales are
in Europe.

2014 Healthcare revenue by activity

Specialty ingredients
9%

Hygiene
9% ra

Medical gases
30%

Home Healthcare
52%

2,570*

millions euros

18% of Gas & Services revenue.

In hospitals and in clinics, Air Liquide provides medical gases,
such as oxygen and nitrous oxide, for operating theaters, intensive
care, emergency care and, more generally, medical wards.

The Group also innovates and develops therapeutic gases used
particularly for resuscitation in cases of acute pulmonary arterial
hypertension (VasoKinox™), and pain relief (Kalinox™). Several
therapeutic gases are still in the research and development phase
and the Group is in the process of extending its existing market
authorizations.

Air Liquide also supplies hospitals and clinics with a large range of
medical hygiene products (for hands, skin, instruments, surfaces,
etc.) to fight in particular nosocomial infections. Air Liquide thus
contributes to patient safety, particularly in operating theaters and
intensive care units. Some hygiene products are also supplied to
manufacturers, whose processes require impeccable cleanliness.

In Home Healthcare, Air Liquide has extended its services beyond
oxygen therapy. The Group looks after more than 1.2 million
patients at home suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary

Aci

s and risk factors

disease, sleep apnea, diabetes, or Parkinson’s disease by
providing them with long-term medico-technical services and
follow-up care. By closely monitoring patient prescriptions and by
enhancing patient observance of treatments, Air Liquide is now
a key player in patient/doctor/payer relations and contributes to
improving patient health and quality of life on a daily basis, as well
as enhancing efficiency of health systems.

The Healthcare activity has been growing worldwide partly
through the implementation of healthcare infrastructures and
systems in many developing economies. The Home Healthcare
activity, which allows a patient with a chronic disease to stay at
home, is developing due to high prevalence of chronic diseases
and an aging population. This activity also helps to meet the
growing constraints on health spending in developed countries.

Through its subsidiary Seppic, Air Liquide produces and markets
specialty ingredients such as excipients and active ingredients
for cosmetology, adjuvants for vaccines, film-coating systems for
medication, etc.

Over the last 20 years, Air Liquide has become a leading
healthcare player in Europe (France, Germany, Italy, the United
Kingdom, Scandinavia, Spain, and the Netherlands), Canada and
Australia. The Group also has businesses in the United States
(medical gases only), South America, Africa and Japan and has
recently expanded in Eastern Europe, South Korea and China, as
the local healthcare systems develop.

The Healthcare business line produces and
distributes medical gases for hospitals and provides
healthcare services for homecare patients. It operates
in a strict regulatory framework. Density, quality of
support services and efficiency are essential to offset
the pricing pressure of healthcare systems, particularly
in advanced economies.

Air Liquide is present along the continuum of care:
from treatment of acute diseases (with medical gases
in hospitals), to treatment of chronic diseases at home
(with home healthcare), and prevention/well-being
(with the hygiene and specialty ingredients activities).

With aging populations, the greater need for care
services due to an increase in chronic diseases and
the development of healthcare systems in developing
economies, the Healthcare activity represents a solid
growth driver for the Group.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

19


--- Page 11 ---

20

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activi

s and risk factors

ELECTRONICS

Air Liquide serves major manufacturers of semiconductors, flat
panel displays and solar cells, leveraging its expertise, global
infrastructure and strategic proximity to manufacturers worldwide.
Its innovative Electronic Materials respond to increasingly
challenging customer demands for improved mobility, connectivity,
computing power and energy consumption. The Group offers
include ultra-pure carrier gases, a wide range of specialty gases
and advanced precursor molecules, enabling equipment for safe
distribution, purification and on-line purity control. The most
sophisticated of these molecules are essential for the continuous
miniaturization of the new microchips. On site, manufacturers can
rely on the Group’s expertise in the total management of these
products and equipment as well as on its cutting-edge analytical
services used to improve continuously their production processes.

2014 Electronics revenue by product

Equipment
and Installation
18% ;
Carrier
. Gases
Services

10%
1,234*

Advanced millions euros
Materials

6%

Electronic
Materials
32%

Specialty
Materials
26%

* 9% of Gas & Services revenue.

The Electronics business line supplies customers with carrier
gases (primarily ultra-pure nitrogen) from on-site facilities for
the transport of molecules, inerting, and protection of electronic
systems, and purging of manufacturing tools. The need for a
regular and constant supply of carrier gases requires long-term
commitments from customers and the building of production
units near their premises or even on the customer's site.

The Group also provides materials for electronics such as specialty
gases and advanced precursor modules used in semiconductor,
flat panel, and solar cell manufacturing. Air Liquide develops and
markets a significant value-added range of advanced precursors
known as ALOHA™. The 2013 acquisition of Voltaix has extended
the Group's range of advanced precursors, strengthened its
relations with key customers, and created new synergies in the
research and industrialization of innovative molecules.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

The Electronics business line also supplies equipment and installs
ultra-pure chemicals products and gas distribution units and
networks at its customer's new manufacturing facilities.

Finally, given its expertise and its desire to offer customers a
comprehensive service, Air Liquide also provides just-in-time, on-
site fluid management and quality control services under rigorous
safety conditions.

The Electronics business model is based on long-term carrier
gas supply agreements and constant technological innovations
to satisfy customer requirements by designing new precursor
molecules. The combination of carrier gas, specialty gases, new
precursor molecule and equipment and installation activities
enables Air Liquide to limit revenue volatility in this cyclical sector
that offers strong growth potential.

The Electronics activities are based 62% in Asia, 25% in the
Americas and 13% in Europe.

The Group’s Electronics activity covers three
different activities:

m Carrier gases have a business model based on long-
term agreements and take-or-pay-type clauses. Growth
is dependent upon the signing of new contracts and
investment in customer-dedicated on-site production
units.

m Electronic Materials are distributed worldwide.
Demand varies with electronics goods consumption
and production cycles. These gases are high purity
products requiring a high level of technical expertise.

@ Finally, equipment and installation sales depend on the
momentum of the Electronics sector investment cycle.

In the Electronics sector, where long-term growth is
accompanied by short cycles, the mix of activities
specific to Air Liquide with its long-term contracts,
offers a real advantage.



--- Page 12 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

INDUSTRIAL SYNERGIES

The four business lines comprising the Gas & Services activity
are closely tied by a strong industrial logic where proximity is
key. The following chart illustrates for a given geographic area
the sharing of both production and distribution assets, between
the different business lines. Thanks to this efficient industrial
network, Air Liquide capitalizes on its proximity to its customers
to anticipate their needs, understand market changes and offer
innovative solutions.

In its search for improved performance, the Group favors synergies
in a number of areas:

@ Industry: local investment in new assets, followed by
mutualization of these assets between the different business
lines; globalization of energy supply and specifically energy
(electricity and natural gas) purchasing;

Aci

s and risk factors

m Engineering and Technology: sharing of global Group expertise,
knowledge transfer, support to the geographic regions;

m Research and Development: constant efforts to develop new
applications;

m Human Resources: common managerial culture across a
range of regions and businesses, aimed at selecting, training
and developing the potential of the Group’s men and women
and favoring a unique sharing of competencies.

The combination of all these synergies represents a true
ecosystem which continues to expand and allows Air Liquide to
grow and continue to create long-term value.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

21


--- Page 13 ---

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

Standard development model

@ Identification of industrial basins and their potential in terms of growth
and mutualization

® Signing of various Large Industries contracts

@ Mutualization of production assets (construction of a pipeline network)
in order to strengthen guaranteed supply and optimize operating costs

Industrial Synergies

8

Metal

Electricity Refinery Chemical
producer

“abe roducer
Natural gas RT. pl

eel] rs
Water Ky An

> 4

(Sez)

Filling center

Air Liquide Activities
MEE Large Industries
MEE Industrial Merchant
MEE Healthcare
MEE Electronics

Bulk and
Cylinder
customer

(a) SMR: Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production unit (Steam Methane Reformer)
(b) ASU: Air gases production unit (Air Separation Unit).

(c) On-site: Small local production unit.

(d) ESG: Electronic Specialty Gases.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 14 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

@ Liquifaction of gas sourced
from Large Industries to supply
Industrial Merchant, Healthcare
and Electronics (piggyback
principle)

ESG filling center

ESG®

Healthcare
patient

Electronics
customer

customer ©

Activities and risk factors

® Acauisition of local distributors
to accelerate roll-out in the area

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

23


--- Page 15 ---

24

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY

The Air Liquide Group was founded upon innovation: a new
industrial process to separate air gases. In 2013, due to the ramp-
up of the aB&T network (advanced Business & Technologies),
the Group combined the financial reporting of its Engineering
& Construction and advanced Business and Technologies
activities under the Engineering & Technology heading.

Engineering & Construction

To provide customers with the gases required for their industrial
production, Air Liquide engineers have developed proprietary
technologies. For over a century, the Group has therefore
designed and produced gas production units for its own use or for
sale to customers who prefer to produce their gas requirements
internally. Today, Air Liquide is still recognized for its ability to
constantly improve ASU productivity based on its mastery of its
proprietary technologies.

The whole range of proprietary technologies enables Air Liquide
customers to optimize use of natural resources in order to provide
clean and sustainable energy. The Engineering & Construction
activity contributes to the transformation of the energy industry
and helps to protect the atmosphere.

Indeed, since the acquisition of Lurgi in 2007, the Group has
expanded its range of technological expertise. It now possesses
its own proprietary technologies, developed by Lurgi for over
50 years, to produce hydrogen and carbon monoxide through
steam methane reforming. This acquisition also widened the
Group's offering into coal and natural gas conversion technologies
to produce syngas, synthetic natural gas, methanol, propylene,
liquid fuels and biofuels. Given the very large quantity of industrial
gases required in all these activities, this expanded Engineering
& Construction know-how has helped the Group to be involved,
upstream of industrial gas production projects, in the development
of its customer processes and thus boosting its sales growth.
Some of these processes, at varying stages of development, offer
technical solutions to fight climate change by enabling the capture
of a virtually pure CO, flow emitted by industrial sites.

Air Liquide’s Engineering & Construction activity is primarily geared
toward industrial gas production technologies. Accordingly, in
2014, 62% of its orders in hand concerned the manufacture of air
gas or hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units.

To cover all the Group’s primary markets, the Engineering
& Construction business has extensive geographical coverage
with 15 major engineering centers worldwide, based in North
America, Europe and Asia. Because of this coverage, the Group
is able to meet global demand, while containing production costs.

The Group favors the development of its gas sales activity over
equipment sales. Nonetheless, Engineering & Construction has
great strategic value for the Group, both internally and externally.

Internally, the Group is able to benefit from the relevant engineering
resources for the investment projects linked to its Gas & Services
activity. It provides a high level of expertise, which is crucial to the

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

design of efficient units that specifically respond to the needs of the
Group's industrial gas customers. It enables optimal operational
management for units once they are up and running to reduce
energy costs and limit technical disruptions. It also facilitates site
takeovers for the Group, by ensuring the right assessment of the
quality of assets purchased.

The Engineering & Construction activity also acts for third party
customers. Air Liquide designs and builds customized units that
the customer will own and operate. First and foremost, this third-
party customer activity allows the Group to permanently assess
the competitiveness of its technologies and commercial offering.
Air Liquide is also able to forge close relations with customers
that produce their own gas and better understand their industrial
processes and investment projects. In certain cases, negotiations
initially steered toward the sale of equipment were finalized by the
signing of a long-term industrial gas supply contract. As part of
this third-party customer activity, the strategy consists of favoring
research and equipment supply contracts that are less risky
than contracts which also include construction. Accordingly, the
contribution to consolidated revenue can vary significantly from
year to year.

aB&T - advanced Business
and Technologies network

In order to accelerate the development of opportunities in markets
which require a different approach to that used on its traditional
markets and business models, the Group decided in 2013 to set
up the advanced Business and Technologies network (aB&T),
composed of Group subsidiaries and activities driven by an
entrepreneurial spirit, innovation and agility. This global network,
present in Europe, the Americas and Asia, is organized around
four main fields:

im New markets (such as, hydrogen energy);

@ Leading-edge technologies for major scientific or aerospace
projects, such as the LHC (Large Hadron Collider) of the CERN
(European organization for nuclear research), the ITER project
(International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) or the
Ariane space program;

@ Industrial information technology for programs targeting efficient
manufacturing, management optimization, traceability, etc.;

@ Investments, with the ALIAD subsidiary.

In advanced Business (new markets), the Group provides its
customers with the best of its technologies and solutions in
sustainable energy using industrial gases, such as hydrogen and
nitrogen. Hydrogen energy is thus a strong growth activity for
which the Group already manages the complete industrial cycle
(production, storage, distribution and use by the end-customer).
Air Liquide is actively contributing to the implementation of this
activity and the development of hydrogen as a clean energy
source.


--- Page 16 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

The Group is dedicated to the challenges and momentum of new
energy sources and is also working on global solutions dedicated
to the valorization of biogas.

Air Liquid invests in technology start-ups through its ALIAD
entity, created in 2013, and thus has rapid and privileged access
to the technologies developed by these young and innovative
companies. ALIAD will contribute to the Group’s growth and
competitiveness through the partnerships that accompany these
investments.

The Engineering & Construction activity provides
the Group with a genuine competitive edge, enabling it
to offer turnkey solutions to its customers both inside
and outside the Group and to engage in a procedure of
continuous improvement of industrial processes and
reduction in the cost of its assets.

The aB&T network, with its entrepreneurial culture,
goes beyond the scientific, technological and sales
frontiers to shape new markets and business models
and thus contribute to the Group’s future growth.

In 2014, consolidated third-party Engineering & Technology
sales totaled 912 million euros and orders in hand amounted to
5.3 billion euros.

Engineering & Technology orders in hand ©
as at end-2014

advanced
Businesses & Technologies
11%
Renewable ener:
2%

Air Separation units

Alternative 39%

16% 5,337

millions euros*

Traditional
ener
9%

HyCo units /
23%

* Including 3.1 billion euros from third-party orders.

Aci s and risk factors

OTHER ACTIVITIES

Over time, Air Liquide has developed other activities in addition to
the sale of gas and equipment. The 2014 consolidated revenue of
Other activities amounted to 579 million euros, representing 4%
of Group revenue.

Welding

Air Liquide is a leading player in the development of welding
and cutting technologies, offering a complete range of related
equipment, consumables and services on the market, through
internationally renowned brands. Established primarily in
Western and Eastern Europe, Air Liquide Welding covers a wide
range of markets: shipyards, automotive, transport equipment,
infrastructures, boilers, distributors, machinery and equipment,
energy, etc. Air Liquide Welding pursues continuous innovation,
constantly striving to improve the performance, productivity,
safety and comfort of operators.

Diving
Aqua Lung™ provides deep-sea diving and swimming equipment
to professionals and private individuals.

(a) Orders in hand represent the contractual value of all Group and third-party contracts managed by the Engineering & Construction and aB&T entities, excluding

projects under warranty, from the signature date.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

25


--- Page 17 ---

26

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

Competition

On a worldwide scale, the Industrial Gases sector comprises
four global companies: Air Liquide, Linde (Germany), Praxair
(United States) and Air Products (United States).

There are also a number of regional players, such as Taiyo Nippon
Sanso (Japan), Airgas (United States), Messer (Germany), Yingde
(China) and Hangzhou Oxygen Plant Group (China).

Finally, numerous medium-sized players are also present in local
markets.

In Large Industries, the customer can choose between self-
production and over-the-fence gas supply. Self-production is
estimated to account for 80% of hydrogen production and 65% of
oxygen production globally, although with significant geographical
disparities. Companies self-producing gas thus remain the Group’s
greatest competition. However, the potential to convert self-
production into over-the-fence supply represents a major growth
opportunity for the Large Industries business line. The level of self-
production varies strongly depending upon the region, sector and
local culture. In advanced economies, the supply of oxygen is
largely over-the-fence, while the supply of hydrogen for refining
remains essentially in-house. In developing economies, while
relatively new, over-the-fence supply is accelerating significantly.
Air Liquide, the world leader in over-the-fence industrial gases
supply, is in competition with the three other major global players
and the local players.

Industrial Merchant is a local business: transport costs limit the
operating area to within 250 km of the production unit except for
high value added gases. This market, which is highly diversified

Risk Factors

The Group identifies the risk factors to which it is exposed using
a formal risk management approach. This approach involves the
regular monitoring of risks and the implementation of necessary
mitigation measures.

The Report from the Chairman of the Board (page 140) presents
the main underlying internal control and risk management
procedures put in place.

SPECIFIC BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS

The industrial gas business is characterized by a significant
technology content (both in the design phase and the construction
of production units), high capital intensity, local production
capacity and substantial energy requirements.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

due to the size and activity of its customers, thus includes
numerous small and medium-sized local competitors, either
ensuring gas production and distribution or simply playing the role
of a gas distributor.

In Electronics, three companies play a major role: Air Liquide, Air
Products and Taiyo Nippon Sanso.

Finally, in Healthcare, most of the gas industry players also provide
hospitals with oxygen, but few are present on the promising
therapeutic gas market. The Home Healthcare segment became
more consolidated in 2012, with the ramp-up of Linde following
the purchases of activities in Europe and the United States.
Air Liquide continues to consolidate its number one position
in Europe. Nevertheless, the market remains fragmented in all
regions with a multitude of small companies and associations.
This fragmentation provides acquisition opportunities. Finally,
Air Liquide is the only industrial and medical gases producer to
have developed a Hygiene and Specialty Ingredients activity.
Air Liquide is positioned as a fully-fledged player in the Healthcare
sector, which represents a significant differentiating factor.

In Engineering & Technology, Air Liquide also competes with
industrial gas players. In the “cold” technologies used for air
separation, the competitors are Linde, Air Products and Praxair.
In the “hot” technologies used for producing hydrogen, in coal
gasification and the chemical conversion of syngas, the most
widely known competitors are Technip (France) and Haldor
Topsoe (Denmark). Competition from developing economies is
also growing: for example Hangzhou Oxygen Plant Group, Yingde
and Kaifeng (China) in air gases.

The risks associated with these characteristics are mitigated by
various factors, which include primarily the diversity of customers,
industries served, applications, and countries in which the Group
operates, as well as the significant share of business that is subject
to specific contracts, a strict investment project authorization and
management process, and a tailored energy policy.

Innovation and intellectual property-related risks

The Group's activities are not dependent on third-party patents.
They are mainly based on technology, processes and designs
developed, internally notably, by its Research & Development,
Marketing, and Engineering teams, as well as through partnerships
with third parties which are mostly protected by patents, drawings
and models as well as by brands. There is nonetheless a risk of
third-party rights being infringed, in particular when several market
players are developing similar technologies. The Group is also


--- Page 18 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

developing innovative activities in collaboration with numerous
partners: contractual risks may arise in terms of the division of
rights between these partners of the results obtained.

Measures aimed at ensuring the respect of intellectual property
are set out in the Chairman’s Report on page 144.

Engineering & Construction-related risks

Air Liquide enters into major contracts to design and build gas
production units worldwide. The primary role of Group Engineering
is to undertake internal investment projects. It also performs
projects, including turnkey projects, for third-party customers,
which are selected based on strict criteria aimed at limiting the
risks associated with these Engineering & Construction activities.

Measures to limit commitments on the most complex projects
are described in the Control Activities section of the Chairman's
Report on page 142.

These projects generally extend over several years. Potential risks
relating to design (taking into account freedom to operate in terms
of existing patents), purchasing, transport or construction and
more generally to the overall quality of work may arise at different
stages of the project. Risks relating to these projects are often
greater during the construction stage:

@ the quality and delivery times for critical equipment on one
hand, and costs and on-site construction costs and deadlines
on the other may give rise to project start-up setbacks and
impact project profitability;

™ unexpected technical problems may also arise as a result of
new innovative processes being implemented. Preliminary
tests on pilot or demonstration units therefore help reduce
such risks prior to commercial implementation;

® certain projects are located in regions that may be a source of
political risks. Constant monitoring of such projects over the
long term limits such risks.

The impact of the risks described above depends also on the
contractual commitments given to customers.

Industrial investment-related risks

The Group may be exposed to certain risks specific to its
industrial investments. Each investment project may be affected
by different factors linked primarily to project location, customer
quality and the competitiveness of the site, as well as to design,
cost estimates and the construction of gas production units.
The investment authorization process is led by Resources and
Investment Committees, which apply extremely strict appraisal
criteria to projects. These Committees comprise regional,
technical and financial managers that vary depending on the
nature of the project considered, and are chaired by an Executive
Committee member. The investment decision-making process is

Activities and risk factors

explained in the Investment cycle and financing strategy section
on page 43.

Business-related risks

The primary business-related risk is the risk of customer
bankruptcy or closure of a customer's production site. The
diversity of the Group’s geographic presence in 80 countries
mitigates customer and market risks. The Group’s subsidiaries
serve a very large number of customers (more than one million
worldwide) in a broad range of industries: chemicals, steel,
refining, food, pharmaceuticals, metals, automotive, healthcare,
electronics, photovoltaic and research laboratories. The Group's
top customer represents around 2% of revenue, the Group’s top
10 customers represent around 13% of revenue and the top
50 customers represent around 28% of revenue.

A significant part of the Industrial Gas business is covered by
customer contracts, with commitment periods specific to the
relevant business line:

@ the Large Industries business and a third of the Electronics
business respectively rely on 15-year to 20-year contracts and
10-year take-or-pay secured contracts, ensuring a guaranteed
minimum revenue. These contracts provide strong future cash
flow predictability;

@ the contracts in the Industrial Merchant business, generally
with a one to five year duration, also including services relating
to storage and cylinders;

@ in the Home Healthcare business, positions vary between
health systems, with certain countries awarding one to five-
year contracts on a regional and pathology basis following
invitations to tender.

Risks of customer business interruption following major climatic
or political events are limited by the wide diversity of countries
in which the Group operates and the necessary recourse to
gases in critical situations. Gases are needed to secure industrial
or chemical installations (inert gases), maintain local industrial
activity (essential to industrial processes) and even sustain life
(medical gases). They are therefore often protected or prioritized
depending on the situation.

The amount of operating receivables as well as provisions for
doubtful receivables are shown in note 18 — Trade receivables to
the consolidated financial statements on page 232.

Supply-related risks

Electricity and natural gas are the main raw materials used by
production units. Due to the geographic spread of its activities,
Group supply contracts are diversified. Where the local market
permits, Group subsidiaries secure these resources through
medium to long-term supply commitments and competitive

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

27


--- Page 19 ---

28

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

bidding scenarios with the objective of achieving the most reliable
and competitive energy costs available in any particular market.
The Group passes on cost variations to its customers via indexed
invoicing integrated into medium and long-term contracts.

Commodity risk is described in note 28.2 to the consolidated
financial statements on page 258.

INDUSTRIAL RISKS

Industrial risks concern numerous sites and various industrial
processes and distribution methods.

The Group's key priority is its safety policy, with a formal objective
of “zero accidents, on every site, in every region, in every unit.”
The safety results for the past 20 plus years illustrate the long-
term effectiveness of Group policy in this area.

Over and above the usual risks inherent in all industrial activities,
Air Liquide’s businesses entail more specific risks relating to:

® products: the intrinsic properties of certain products packaged
by the Group classifies them in the dangerous materials
category, for which tailored procedures and means of detection
have been defined;

™ processes and their operation: cryogenics is used to separate
gases by distillation, store them and transport them. This very
low temperature technique requires specific means of control
and protection. In addition, pressure is central to the Group’s
processes. Pressurized equipment is designed with security
features restricting uncontrolled release;

@ logistics and transportation: each year, delivery vehicles, sales
staff and technicians travel many kilometers. Strict compliance
with the highway code and the regular maintenance of
vehicles contribute to the safety of drivers and third parties.
Furthermore, industrial sites use several types of motorized
lifting gear. Training in the use of such equipment and user
permits are required;

@ engineering and construction: industrial risks are factored in
from the design phase of future installations. Subsequently,
during the construction phase, prevention plans and rigorous
organization enable the coordination of the various trades;

® delivery reliability: a variety of solutions ensure the supply of
gas to customers; direct pipeline to a production unit, on-site
storage with remote surveillance enabling the automatic trigger
of resupply or bar-coded gas cylinders ensuring the traceability
of products.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

The Group has an Industrial Management System (IMS), which
defines the management processes covering the above points.
It is described in greater depth in the Chairman’s Report on
page 143.

ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATE RISKS

The industrial and medical gas business presents few
environmental risks. Around 85% of the Group’s large production
units separate the components of atmospheric air, that is oxygen,
nitrogen, argon and rare gases. These plants “without chimneys”
do not use any combustion processes and consume almost
exclusively electrical energy. They are particularly environmentally
friendly as they emit almost no CO,, sulfur oxide or nitrogen oxide.
Nonetheless, electricity consumption generates CO, emissions
by the suppliers of this energy, known as indirect emissions. The
Group's two other main activities are hydrogen production and
cogeneration, which account for nearly 15% of large production
units and which use combustion processes emitting CO, and
nitrogen oxide, as well as low quantities of sulfur oxide.

Water is a resource necessary to these three main Group
processes. Air gas separation units use water exclusively for
cooling purposes during the separation process. Hydrogen
production units require water in the form of steam in the reaction
producing hydrogen. Finally, the cogeneration units produce
steam, which is mainly supplied to customers.

Environmental risks primarily comprise the following components:

@ the Environmental Footprint, involving the Group’s activities
worldwide, is closely monitored: sites under the European
Seveso directive and equivalent sites worldwide, electrical and
thermal energy consumption, annual water supply, emissions
into water and the atmosphere, waste and by-products, the
distance covered by delivery trucks and progress made toward
quality (ISO9001) and environmental (ISO14001) certifications;

= Group direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions are
measured at all production sites;

m the Group analyzes and monitors the environmental risk
factors at the main stages of its product life cycles;

™ amapping of sites located in hydric stress areas enables the
identification of water supply risks;

the Group is in constant dialogue with stakeholders to assess
the risk to its image associated with environmental issues.


--- Page 20 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Climatic risks are reviewed at both Group and site level:

@ A\jr Liquide continuously monitors risks associated with
changes in environmental protection legislation, particularly
concerning the European Trading Scheme and other CO,
allocation exchange systems existing or under development
around the world, in order to assess the impact of any
regulatory changes on the Group's activities;

@ weather-related and climatic disasters risk disrupting the smooth
running of operations. Mitigation measures targeting extreme
weather-related phenomena exist at the main sites located in
high-risk areas.

A detailed energy and environment report is presented in the
Sustainable Development report in this Reference Document on
page 71.

FINANCIAL RISKS

Financial risk management is a priority for the Group.

The financial risk management processes are detailed in the
Chairman’s Report on page 144, in accordance with a governance
structure that defines the role of the Finance and Management
Control Department, the various Committees and the role of local
entities.

The Finance and Management Control Department also analyzes
country and customer risks on investment decisions and provides
input on these risks at Investment Committee meetings.

Foreign exchange risk

Since industrial and medical gases are not transported over long
distances, most products are manufactured in the country where
they are sold. Thus, the exposure of the Group's activities to
currency fluctuations is limited.

Foreign exchange transaction risk is marginal. It is related to cash
flows arising from royalties, technical support and dividends, and
foreign currency commercial cash flows from operating entities.
These commercial cash flows in foreign currencies are not
material when compared to consolidated revenue on an annual
basis. This foreign exchange transaction risk is managed through
the hedging policy implemented by the Finance and Operations
Control Department.

Furthermore, the Group provides a natural hedge and reduces
its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations by raising debt in
the currency of the cash flows generated to repay debt. Thus,
financing is raised either in local currency, or when contracts are
indexed in euros or US dollars, in foreign currency (EUR or USD).

Foreign exchange translation risk (translation of local currency
financial statements into euros) mainly corresponds to the sensitivity
to the main foreign currency exchange rates — the US dollar (USD),
the Japanese yen (JPY) and the Chinese renminbi (RMB).

Activities and risk factors

Note 28.2 to the consolidated financial statements describes
the foreign exchange transaction risk management process and
the derivative instruments used, as well as sensitivity to foreign
currency exchange rates.

Interest rate risk

The Group's objective is to reduce the impact of interest rate
fluctuations on its interest expenses and, guided by the principle
of prudence, to finance long-term assets with shareholders’
equity and fixed-rate long-term debt. Since most of Air Liquide’s
activities are based on long-term contracts (10 to 15 years), a
policy promoting interest rate risk hedging ensures control over
financing costs when deciding on long-term investments.

Group policy is to maintain, over a medium to long-term period, a
majority of total debt at fixed rates, mainly by using firm or option
hedges. This approach enables the Group to limit the impact of
interest rate fluctuations on financial expenses.

Note 28.2 to the consolidated financial statements describes
the sensitivity of the Group’s financial expenses to interest rate
fluctuations and the interest rate repricing schedule for fixed-rate
debt and interest rate hedging instruments.

Financial counterparty and liquidity risk

Financial counterparty risk primarily relates to outstanding
amounts on short-term investments and derivative instruments
for hedging, and to credit facilities contracted with each bank. To
ensure its development and independence, the Group must have
sufficient and permanent sources of liquidity, meaning adequate
financing resources available at any time and at the lowest cost
from banks and financial markets. In this area, the Group adopts
a prudent approach to counterparties and their diversification,
applying a strict limit on individual outstandings.

Note 28.2 to the consolidated financial statements describes
financial counterparty and liquidity risk for the year ended
December 31, 2014. Notes 6, 18.1 and 18.2 to the consolidated
financial statements provide a breakdown of trade and other
operating receivables and allowances for doubtful receivables.

DIGITAL RISKS

The Group's activities, expertise and, more generally, its relations
with all the players in its social and economic environment depend
on increasingly dematerialized and digitalized operations. These
operations depend on interdependent information systems and
communication networks on both a human level and in functional
and technical terms.

This digital dependency accentuates the risks of data
confidentiality, data processing integrity and information systems
availability that may have important financial, operational or
corporate image impacts for the Group.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

29


--- Page 21 ---

30

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

A long-term operational program aims to continue to strengthen
the Group's prevention and monitoring mechanisms in a context
of ever-changing cyber-threats and digital risks. This program will
enable the application of the digital security policy described on
page 143 of the Chairman's Report in priority fields and activities.

HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT RISKS

The long-term performance of the Air Liquide Group is driven, in
particular, by the quality of its employees, their expertise and their
motivation.

The Group therefore encourages a_performance-focused,
motivating and involved professional environment, through a
human resources policy aiming to identify, attract, retain and
develop competent employees from all walks of life. The objectives
of this policy are set out in the Chairman’s Report on page 144.

LEGAL RISKS

The Group has a worldwide presence. Its companies operating
industrial and medical gas production facilities must comply
with the rules and regulations in force locally, particularly in the
technical field, and monitor any changes.

In Healthcare, the evolution of the regulatory environment is
monitored with particular vigilance and reinforced means adapted
notably to public markets and to the marketing of products
which may be subject to drug regulatory control. As indicated
in the Report from the Chairman of the Board of Directors on
the internal control and risk management procedures instituted
by the Company (page 144), the risks relating to contracts and
competition law, as well as anticorruption issues, are specifically
monitored.

To the Group's knowledge, there have been no governmental,
judicial or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings
which are pending or threatened of which we are aware which
may have, or have had in the past 12 months, significant impacts
on the financial situation or profitability of the Company and/or
Group.

Liabilities and contingent liabilities related to disputes are described
in notes 23 and 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

INSURANCE MANAGEMENT

The Group has adequate insurance coverage, underwritten by
first-rate insurers, for civil liability, property damage and business
interruption.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Property damage and business interruption

Group property and business interruption are covered by property
and casualty insurance policies underwritten in each country
in which the Group operates. Almost all of these policies are
integrated into an international program.

These policies, which are generally of the “All Risks” form, cover
fire, lightning, water damage, explosions, vandalism, impact,
machinery breakdown, theft and, depending on the country and
in limited amounts, natural disasters.

Business interruption is insured for most production sites under
these same policies.

The coverage period for business interruption is 12 to 18 months.
Deductible amounts are proportional to the size of the sites.

The Group has retained a portion of property damage and business
interruption risk through a captive reinsurance company in
Luxembourg. This captive reinsurance company is fully integrated
within the property damage and business interruption international
program. This company covers losses of up to 5 million euros per
loss over and above the deductibles to a maximum of 14 million
euros per year. Beyond these amounts, risks are transferred to
insurers. The captive reinsurance company is run by a captive
manager approved by the Luxembourg Insurance Commission.

This captive reinsurance company is fully consolidated. Its balance
sheet as of December 31, 2014 totaled 55 million euros.

Insurers conduct regular visits at the main industrial sites for risk
prevention purposes.

Civil liability

In terms of civil liability, the Group maintains two separate covers,
one for the North American zone and another for the rest of
the world. The North American zone is covered by insurance
underwritten in the United States. For the other zones, the Group
has subscribed an umbrella policy, underwritten in France, which
covers both the Company and its subsidiaries outside of the
United States and Canada, beyond any local coverage provided
for the subsidiaries.

These two policies cover liability of the Group companies for any
damage they might cause to a third party in the course of doing
business (operational risk) or arising from their products (product
risk). Furthermore, with certain limitations, these policies cover
“pollution” risk and product recall costs.


--- Page 22 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

The coverage amounts underwritten exceed 500 million euros.
Both policies are built on several overlapping insurance lines and
each line has been underwritten for a given amount with several
insurers sharing the risk. Beyond the first line, the upper lines pick
up the excess risk from the lower lines.

The policy underwritten by the Company in France serves as an
umbrella for subsidiaries outside of North America. Under this

Aci

s and risk factors

umbrella, each foreign subsidiary has its own policy covering
damages to third parties incurred through its activities or products.
The amount insured for each subsidiary in its policy depends
on the amount of its revenue. The coverage under the Group's
umbrella policy is supplemental to any local amounts.

The main exclusions are deliberate acts, war, nuclear incidents
and repair of defective products.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

31


--- Page 23 ---

32

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

© 2014 PERFORMANCE

The solid performance in 2014, in an unsettled environment, resulted once again in the Group achieving its objective of net profit
growth. Group revenue reached 15,358 million euros, up +4.5% versus 2013 on a comparable basis. On a reported basis, growth
reached +0.9% penalized, in particular, by a strong currency impact at the beginning of the year. The Gas & Services activity
has continued to make progress in all business lines, especially in the Americas and Asia. Developing economies continued to
show sustained momentum, up +14% on a like-for-like basis. The increase in advanced economies was more modest at +1%,
affected by the economic slowdown in Western Europe.

Greater efforts on costs and efficiency, generating a high level of savings at 321 million euros, contributed to increasing the
operating margin by nearly +20 basis points to 17.1%. Net profit (Group share) rose to 1,665 million euros, up +1.5% as published.
As an indication only, net profit (Group share) would have been up +3.8% excluding the currency impact and the operating
impact of the disposal of Anios at end-2013.

Investment decisions totaled 2.1 billion euros, reflecting greater selectivity in the Group’s investment process. Net cash from
operating activities was up +1.0%, as an indication +2.3% excluding currency, financing investments while strengthening the
Group’s financial structure.

The Board of Directors proposes a nominal dividend to be submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 6, 2015 at 2.55 euros
per share. This represents an increase of +10.3% for the shareholder taking into account the free share attribution on June 2,
2014. The pay-out ratio is estimated at 54.0%.

2014 key figures

2014/2013 2014/2013

published comparable

(in millions of euros) 2013 2014 change change ©
Group revenue 15,225 15,358, +0.9% +4.5%
of which Gas & Services 13,837 13,867 +0.2% +4.1%
Operating income recurring 2,581 2,634 42.1% -
Operating income recurring (as % of revenue) 16.9% 17.1% +20bps -
Net profit (Group share) 1,640 1,665 +1.5% -
Adjusted earnings per share (in euros) ©! 4.79 4.85 +1.3% -
Adjusted dividend per share (in euros) 2.31 2.55 © +10.3% -
Net cash flows from operating activities © 2,803 2,830 +1.0% -
Net capital expenditure © 2,240 1,931 -
Net debt 6,062 6,306 -
Debt-to-equity ratio 55.7% 53.3% -

Return On Capital Employed — ROCE after tax 11.1% 10.8% - -

(a) Excluding natural gas, currency and significant scope impacts. Natural gas is an essential raw material for the production of hydrogen and the operation of
cogeneration units. All Large Industries hydrogen and cogeneration contracts have clauses indexing sales to the price of natural gas. Hence, when the natural
gas price varies, the price of hydrogen or steam for the customer is automatically adjusted proportionately, according to the price indexation clauses.

(b) Adjusted for the free share attribution of June 2, 2014.
(c) Subject to the approval of the May 6, 2015 Shareholders’ Meeting.

(d) Cash flow from operating activities after change in working capital requirement and other elements.
(e) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

(9. Return On Capital Employed — ROCE after tax: (net profit after tax before deduction of minority interests - net cost of debt after taxes)/((shareholders’ equity
+ minority interests + net indebtedness) average over the fiscal year).

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 24 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

2014 highlights

During 2014, Air Liquide continued to expand in growth markets
and major industrial basins, in both developing and advanced
economies. This year was also synonymous for the Group
with major developments in innovation, particularly in hydrogen
mobility.

DEVELOPMENT OF INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITY

In 2014, thanks to its industrial competitiveness and_ its
technological differentiation, Air Liquide strengthened its positions
in the major industrial basins on the Gulf Coast and in the Rhine-
Ruhr area.

m In the United States, Air Liquide signed two major long
term contracts for the supply of 2,400 tons per day of
oxygen each, to two methanol manufacturing plants: one
to be built by Natgasoline (an OCI fully owned subsidiary) in
Beaumont (Texas), and the other for Yuhuang Chemical, Inc.,
a major Chinese petrochemical company in St. James Parish
(Louisiana). Both plants will be connected to the pipeline
networks and represent an investment of 230 million euros. Via
its Global Engineering and Construction activities, Air Liquide
provides its MegaMethanol® process technology to both
companies, thus demonstrating its leading position in offering
an integrated value proposition for large-scale methanol
production.

@ In the Rhine-Ruhr area, Air Liquide strengthened its position
with the signing of a major long-term supply contract with
Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe AG. Industrial gas requirements,
including oxygen (4,600 tons per day), nitrogen and argon,
will be supplied via Air Liquide’s local pipeline network. This
500 km pipeline is fed by Air Liquide Air Separation Units,
including Germany's largest, (with a capacity of 2,400 tons per
day), which was commissioned in 2012.

@ In southern Brazil, Air Liquide invested 40 million euros in a
new Air Separation Unit. This Unit will both provide gas to
Klabin, the country’s leading pulp and paper manufacturer, and
help develop the Industrial Merchant and Healthcare activities
in the region.

@ InAustralia, Air Liquide announces a long-term agreement with
Nyrstar, an integrated mining and metals company. The Group
will invest 60 million euros in a new Air Separation Unit at Port
Pirie site. The project is designed to reduce the environmental
footprint of the site and to enhance both efficiency and
production capabilities.

lm In South Korea, Air Liquide sold its 40% stake in Daesung
Industrial Gases in order to focus on the strategic development
of its fully-owned subsidiary, Air Liquide Korea.

In China, Air Liquide saw major developments during 2014. The
Group strengthened its position in the growing Electronics sector.

@ Air Liquide signed a major long-term contract with CEC Panda
Flat Panel Display Technology (a joint-venture between CEC
Panda and Sharp LCD) for the supply of ultra-pure carrier

2014 Performance

gases to their first fab that will manufacture Oxide-TFT
screens, based in Nanjing Crystal Park (Jiangsu Province).
These new screens will be used in mobile devices and TV sets
on Generation 8.5 size glass substrates. Air Liquide will invest
some 25 million euros.

@ Air Liquide also signed a major contract with the BOE Technology
Group to supply its new flat panel fab based in Chongqing in
China. The Group invested 30 million euros in a highly-efficient
on-site generator that will produce 30,000 Nm°/h of ultra-high
purity nitrogen. Air Liquide will supply the majority of BOE’s fabs
in China with a total of 100,000 Nm‘/h of nitrogen for five sites.

FURTHER ADDITIONAL ACQUISITIONS
IN HEALTHCARE

An aging population and the rise in the number of patients affected
by chronic diseases are major public health issues. Air Liquide
continued with its strategy of patients densification in the Group's
geographies through additional acquisitions in home healthcare.

m In July 2014, Air Liquide acquired Seprodom, a key player in
accompanying patients with chronic diseases at home in the
French overseas departments and territories.

@ In December 2014, Air Liquide acquired the home healthcare
service provider ARAIR Assistance (which generated revenue
of 34 million euros in 2013), as well as ARAIR Group’s support
and training services. ARAIR is a leading player in home
healthcare in the Central region of France.

CONTINUED INVESTMENT IN INNOVATION

lm In France, the Group made major investments for a total
amount of close to 100 million euros for the modernization of
the Paris-Saclay Research Center, the creation of a center for
the development of gas packaging for industry and healthcare
on the same site, and the launch of a technical center of
excellence for cryogenic production technologies in Vitry-sur-
Seine.

m In the 3° quarter 2014, Air Liquide began the construction
of a Research and Technology Center in Shanghai. The
center, which will be operational at end-2015, represents a
25-million euro investment and will cover several research and
development areas. It will ultimately house 200 highly skilled
employees.

@ The international ITER project, through its European
organization Fusion For Energy (F4E), entrusted Air Liquide
with the supply of additional cryogenic equipment for a total
of around 65 million euros. This follows on from the signing
of a major contract in 2012 for the supply of three helium
refrigerators with record combined cooling capacity.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 25 ---

34

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS IN HYDROGEN
MOBILITY

The year 2014 was marked by major advances in the global
deployment of hydrogen energy:

@ In France, the first hydrogen filling station for forklift trucks
started up on IKEA's logistic platform near Lyon. It allows
greater productivity thanks to rapid forklift truck refilling relative
to battery recharging time. In Saint-L6, France, the Conseil
Général de la Manche installed a hydrogen filling station for its
fleet of fuel cell electric vehicles.

@ In Denmark, Air Liquide installed four new hydrogen filling
stations, as part of the Copenhagen Hydrogen Network,
supported by the European Commission. These stations
marked a significant step in the creation of a distribution
network at national level.

@ In the Netherlands, Air Liquide inaugurated its first hydrogen
filling station for the general public in September 2014
in Rotterdam. The filling station is part of the Hydrogen
Infrastructure for Transport project, a European deployment
project supported by the European Union.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

@ In Japan, in Nagoya and Toyota, the Group built, with Toyota
Tsusho Corporation, two hydrogen filling stations for public
use.

@ Inthe United States, Air Liquide announced a partnership with
Toyota to build 12 hydrogen filling stations in the northeast of
the country. This infrastructure will support the launch in April
2015 of Toyota's “Mirai” hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle.

Air Liquide also announced the acquisition of FordonsGas, a
company that distributes Bio- and Natural Gas for Vehicles (Bio-
NGVs) for the Swedish transportation market. Air Liquide will
benefit from FordonsGas’ experience in the distribution of an
alternative fuel, useful experience in terms of its infrastructure
deployment strategy in hydrogen mobility.

REFINANCING AT ATTRACTIVE RATES

To refinance debt reaching maturity and continue to fund
its development while benefiting from very attractive market
conditions, in 2014, Air Liquide issued bonds for a total amount of
858 million euros with maturities of between eight and 15 years.
The main transaction was carried out as part of the EMTN
program for a total of 500 million euros over 10 years and with a
record low coupon of 1.875% per year.


--- Page 26 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

2014 Performance
2014 Income Statement
REVENUE
2014/2013
Revenue 2014/2013 comparable
(in millions of euros) 2013 2014 change change ©
Gas and Services 13,837 13,867 +0.2% +4.1%
Engineering & Technology 803 912 +13.6% +15.6%
Other activities 585 579 “1.1% -1.0%
TOTAL REVENUE 15,225 15,358 +0.9% +4.5%

(a) Excluding currency, natural gas and significant scope impacts.

Group

The Group’s 2014 revenue reached 15,358 million euros, a reported increase of +0.9% compared to 2013, penalized by a negative
currency impact of -1.9% which was particularly strong at the beginning of the year, and a natural gas impact of -0.6%. On a comparable
basis (excluding currency and natural gas impacts and revised for the impact of the disposal of Anios at end-2013), revenue for the year

increased by +4.5%.

The first quarter benefited from a favorable comparable basis and sales continued to increase like-for-like during the following three

quarters.

Revenue by quarter

(in millions of euros) Qi 2014 02 2014 03 2014 04 2014
Gas and Services 3,416 3,391 3,446 3,614
Engineering & Technology 175 230 213 294
Other activities 143 151 142 143
TOTAL REVENUE 3,734 3,772 3,801 4,051
2014/2013 published change +1.0% -2.4% +1.0% +3.9%
2014/2013 comparable change “ +6.2% +3.6% +4.3% +3.9%

(a) Excluding currency, natural gas and significant scope impacts.

CURRENCY, NATURAL GAS AND SIGNIFICANT SCOPE IMPACTS

significant scope impacts.

prices are generally passed on to customers through price indexation clauses.

In addition to the comparison of published figures, financial information is given excluding currency, natural gas price fluctuation and

Since industrial and medical gases are rarely exported, the impact of currency fluctuations on activity levels and results is limited to euro.
translation impacts with respect to the financial statements of subsidiaries located outside the Euro zone. Fluctuations in natural gas

(a) Excluding currency, natural gas and significant scope impacts.

(in millions of euros) Group Gas & Services
2014 revenue 15,358 13,867
2014/2013 published change (in %) +0.9% +0.2%
Currency impact -294 -278
Natural gas impact -87 -87
Significant scope impact -168 -168
2014/2013 comparable change ®' (in %) +4.5% +4.1%

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE 35


--- Page 27 ---

36

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

Gas and Services

and significant scope impacts).

Unless otherwise stated, all the changes in revenue outlined below are on a comparable basis (excluding currency, natural gas

Gas & Services revenue reached 13,867 million euros, showing comparable growth of +4.1%, with all business lines posting growth.
Revenue was up +0.2% in published data, penalized by a negative currency impact of -1.9% and a natural gas impact of -0.6%.

2014/2013

2014/2013 comparable

Revenue (in millions of euros) 2013 2014 change change
Europe 7,058 6,640 -5.9% -1.1%
Americas 3,225 3,416 +5.9% +7.9%
Asia-Pacific 3,184 3,444 +8.2% +11.6%
Middle-East and Africa 370 367 -0.8% +4.6%
GAS & SERVICES 13,837 13,867 +0.2% +4.1%
Industrial Merchant 5,081 5,083 +0.0% +3.0%
Large Industries 4,940 4,980 +0.8% +3.6%
Healthcare 2,689 2,570 4.4% +3.7%
Electronics 1,127 1,234 +9.5% +12.0%

Gas & Services sales share in developing
economies

Due to a higher growth rate, the share of developing economies in
the Gas & Services revenue continue to progress and reach 26%
in 2014. This contribution was even higher for industrial activities
at 29.5%.

Europe

Revenue in Europe totaled 6,640 million euros, down
-1.1%. Sales increased slightly, excluding the disposal of the
cogeneration activities at end-2013 and the impact of the drop
in electricity costs. Oxygen levels were stable, whereas demand
for hydrogen increased significantly, a sign of resilience in the
North European industrial basins. The region continued to benefit
from momentum in the developing economies, which increased
by +5.4% in a complex geopolitical context. Sales were down
slightly in Western Europe, with the 4" quarter posting a slight
improvement compared with the previous two quarters.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Europe Gas & Services 2014 Revenue

Electronics
2%

Large Industries

Industrial 35%
Merchant

32% 6,640

million euros

Healthcare /
31%

= Large Industries revenue decreased by -3.9%. Excluding the
disposal of the cogeneration plants at end-2013 and lower
electricity prices, sales were stable. Hydrogen volumes were
up, boosted by demand from the refining industry mainly in
Northern Europe. Oxygen volumes remained stable, with
Eastern and Southern Europe offsetting the drop in volumes
in Northern Europe.

= Industrial Merchant sales declined slightly by -1.1%.
Developing economies continued to post solid growth thanks
to the ramp-up of new facilities, in particular in Russia with
growth exceeding +25%. However, business in advanced
economies suffered from a persistently difficult economic
climate. The 4" quarter showed signs of stabilization with
increasing liquid volumes. Spain posted growth for the second


--- Page 28 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

quarter in a row. The price impact was slightly down for the
year at -0.2%, with a small positive price impact in Northern
Europe and Spain.

= Healthcare continued its development, with +1.9% growth.
The Home Healthcare activity grew by +2.9% with few
acquisitions in 2014, still driven by increased demand and the
expansion of the portfolio of therapies treated. The number
of patients has exceeded one million in Europe. Pressure
on tariffs remained throughout the region, in particular in
Spain and France. In medical gases for hospitals, budgetary
pressure affected gas volumes in France and Southern
Europe, whereas Northern Europe saw a slight increase in
volumes. In prevention and well-being, Specialty Ingredients
saw a +3.1% increase in revenue, whereas Schiilke’s Hygiene
activity improved by +11.0%. The pricing impact was negative
during the year, slightly below -2%.

@ Electronics revenue increased +3.1%, due to an upturn in
carrier gas sales.

Americas

Gas & Services revenue in the Americas totaled 3,416 million
euros, up +7.9%. Industrial activity remained sustained in North
America, with an increase in oxygen and hydrogen volumes, a
solid improvement in bulk sales and positive elasticity in Industrial
Merchant prices. Growth was regular over the year in South
America, in particular in Large Industries and Healthcare, and
reached close to +15% despite a slowdown in Brazil at the end
of the year.

Americas Gas & Services 2014 Revenue

Electronics
9%
Large Industries
36%
Industrial
Merchant 3,41 6
45% million euros
\ Healthcare
10%

= Large Industries reported revenue growth of +4.7%. Oxygen
and hydrogen volumes improved throughout the region,
thanks to ramp-ups in Latin America and sustained demand
in North America where customers continued to benefit from
competitive energy prices. Cogeneration volumes were down
markedly following production unit turnarounds in the United
States and a fall in the market price of electricity in Canada.

2014 Performance

m@ The Industrial Merchant activity was up +6.4%, driven by
very strong bulk sales growth throughout the region, and in
particular in Canada and Mexico where our activity ramp-up
continues. The cylinder activity declined throughout the region.
Pricing campaigns continued all year long, with an average
effect of +4.4% in 2014.

= Healthcare revenue rose by +10.6% driven by the performance
of Home Healthcare in Latin America (Argentina, Brazil) and
Canada which benefited from additional acquisitions. Sales
of medical gases to hospitals also increased throughout the
region. Pricing pressure remains strong.

@ Electronics activity was up +29.5% benefiting particularly from
the acquisition of Voltaix, a company specializing in molecules
and advanced precursors. The comparison effect of this
acquisition came to an end at the beginning of the 4" quarter.
Specialty gas sales in the United States more than doubled
over the year and growth exceeded +40% for the ALOHA™
range. Carrier gases also posted solid growth. Equipment
and installation sales improved significantly, evidence of the
sector's gradual recovery in the region.

Asia-Pacific

Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region increased by +11.6% to
3,444 million euros. Sales growth continued in the region's
main countries with strong momentum in all business lines.
China continued to benefit from start-ups in December 2013 and
January 2014. Japan saw growth in all four quarters, thanks to
the cycle peak in Electronics.

Asia-Pacific Gas & Services 2014 Revenue

Electronics

Large Industries

39%
Industrial
Merchant 3,444
34% million euros
\ Healthcare
5%

m Large Industries sales increased by +19.1%, buoyed by
the ramp-up of the new units in China. Air gas and hydrogen
volumes increased throughout the region.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

37


--- Page 29 ---

38

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

= Industrial Merchant activity posted +6.3% growth during
the year. Liquid volumes improved markedly in the region,
driven by strong growth in China. The cylinder activity was also
steady despite major pricing pressure. Developing economies
increased strongly at +12.5%, in particular with a comparable
increase of almost +15% in China where all market segments
reported growth. The pricing impact was -0.3% over the period.
Excluding Australia, where there was strong competition, the
pricing impact is positive for the region.

® Electronics sales were up +8.3%. Japan confirmed a return
to growth in 2014, with an improvement of more than +3% and
sales accelerating throughout the year. Sales of the ALOHA™
range grew by over +60% in the region, mainly in China, Japan
and Taiwan. Carrier gases also posted significant sales growth,
driven by the ramp-up of new contracts in China, Taiwan and
Korea.

Middle-East and Africa

Middle-East and Africa revenue totaled 367 million euros, up
+4.6%. Large Industries improved mainly in South Africa thanks
to the ramp-up of a new unit for the metals market. Industrial
Merchant activity also grew in South Africa, benefiting from an
improvement in the supply of argon during the year. The situation
was more contrasted in the Middle-East where geopolitical
tensions weighed on activities. In Saudi Arabia, the initial start-up
phases of our hydrogen units and those of our customers on the
Yanbu site began, with commissioning scheduled for the first half
of 2015.

Engineering & Technology

Engineering & Technology revenue totaled 912 million euros,
up +15.6% compared to 2013, reflecting third-party customer
project progress.

In 2014, total order intake reached 1.4 billion euros, down from the
record level of 2013. The vast majority of projects concerned air
gas production units. The level of order intake was well balanced
between Group projects and third-party customer projects and
reflects greater selectivity of both Group investments and third-
party client projects during the year.

Orders in hand reached 5.3 billion euros as at December 31,
2014, and reflects a good level of order intake in 2013 and 2014.

Other activities

The -1.0% decline in revenue for Other activities in 2014 is
linked to the weakness of the Welding activity, down -3.0% over
the year. The Welding activity nonetheless improved during the
second half, thanks to a slight recovery in the European metals,
automotive and construction sectors.

Diving (Aqua Lung™) was slightly up +3.5% for 2014. The year
was marked by a drop in activity in the military industry as well as
the disposal of non-strategic activities.

2014/2013

2014/2013 comparable

Revenue (in millions of euros) 2013 2014 change change ©
Welding 404 392 -3.0% -3.0%
Diving 181 187 +3.3% +3.5%
TOTAL 585 579 -1.1% -1.0%

(a) Excluding currency, natural gas, and significant scope impacts.

OPERATING INCOME RECURRING

Operating income recurring before depreciation and
amortization totaled 3,873 million euros, up +1.5% in reported
figures. The pricing effect was positive on the whole over the
period at +0.4%, partially offsetting cost inflation on constant
volume of +2.0%, and efficiencies were at a very high level.

For the full year, efficiencies amounted to 321 million euros,
exceeding the annual target of more than 250 million euros.
These efficiencies represent a 2.8% cost saving. Of this amount,
69 million euros stem from the realignment plans undertaken in
2013 in structures where activity had suffered from falling demand.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

In the industrial domain, other projects designed to reduce energy
consumption, optimize the logistics chain and roll out global or
regional purchasing platforms were continued.

Depreciation and amortization amounted to 1,239 million euros,
slightly up by +0.2%, with the impact of unit start-ups and
acquisitions partly offset by more efficient asset management and
better control over investments.

The Group's operating income recurring (OIR) reached
2,634 million euros in 2014, an increase of +2.1% over 2013
or +5.1% on a comparable basis. The operating margin (OIR to
revenue) was up +20 basis points at 17.1%.


--- Page 30 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Gas & Services

Gas & Services operating income recurring totaled
2,738 million euros, up +3.1%. The OIR margin amounted to
19.7%, compared to 19.2% in 2013. Excluding the natural gas
impact, the operating margin was again up +40 basis points.

Cost inflation, excluding the impact of energy indexation,
remained relatively stable during the year at +2.5% for the full
year. Prices rose by +0.5% due to continuing efforts in Industrial
Merchant (+1.2%) and despite ongoing pricing pressure in
Healthcare. Efficiencies totaled 298 million euros. A portion of
these efficiencies was absorbed to offset the difference between
cost inflation and rising prices. The remaining efficiencies, i.e.
retention, helped improve the margin. The retention rate was 36%
in 2014.

2014 Performance

Gas & Services 2014 Operating income recurring

Middle East & Africa

3%
Asia-Pacific
20%

2,738
Americas million euros:
28%

Gas & Services Operating margin ° 2012 2013 2014
Europe 18.3% 19.1% 20.3%
Americas 24.0% 23.6% 22.7%
Asia-Pacific 15.1% 15.1% 16.0%
Middle-East and Africa 21.2% 17.9% 17.6%
TOTAL 18.8% 19.2% 19.7%

(@) Operating income recurring/revenue, as published.

Operating income recurring in Europe totaled 1,346 million euros,
stable compared to 2013. Excluding the natural gas impact, the
operating margin was significantly higher, up +70 basis points
at 19.8%. The operating margin benefited in particular from
efficiencies generated by the realignment plans initiated in 2013,
as well as a reduction in charges relating to changes in pension
plans in France and the Netherlands. The Large Industries margin
was strengthened by industrial efficiencies while the Healthcare
margin, benefiting from the economies of scale of volume growth,
was resilient despite the pressure on tariffs.

Operating income recurring in the Americas amounted to
776 million euros, up +2.0%. Excluding the natural gas effect,
the operating margin was down -40 basis points but nonetheless
remained at a high level of 23.2%. The operating margin was
penalized by an increase in transport costs which was partly
due to weather conditions at the beginning of the year and partly
offset by industrial efficiencies in Industrial Merchant and Large
Industries.

In Asia-Pacific, operating income recurring amounted to
552 million euros, a marked increase of +14.5%. The operating
margin, excluding natural gas, was up +90 basis points, thanks
to efficiency plans launched in 2013 in Japan, plant start-ups and
the growth of Industrial Merchant in China as well as industrial
efficiencies in Large Industries and Electronics.

Operating income recurring for Middle-East and Africa
amounted to 65 million euros, a decline of -2.7%. The operating
margin was down -30 basis points, impacted by the geopolitical
situation in the Middle East and by argon supply difficulties in
South Africa early in the year.

Engineering and Technology

Operating income recurring for Engineering & Technology
amounted to 76 million euros. Operating income recurring as a
percentage of revenue at 8.3% remained in line with the Group's
target range of between 5% and 10%.

Other activities

The Group's Other activities reported operating income recurring
of 36 million euros, up +10.9%, while the operating margin as
a percentage of revenue totaled 6.1%, an increase of +60 basis
points. This improvement was the result of efficiencies, in particular
related to the realignment plans initiated in 2013 in Welding.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

39


--- Page 31 ---

40

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

Research & Development and corporate costs

Research & Development and Corporate Costs include intersector
consolidation adjustments and amounted to 215 million euros,
up +11.4%, particularly reflecting the Group’s efforts to strengthen
its innovation structures.

NET PROFIT

Other operating income and expenses showed a positive
balance of 16 million euros compared to a positive balance
of 26 million euros in 2013. They included 37 million euros of
expenses incurred principally for further realignment programs
in various countries, provisions for litigation-related risks, and
certain one-off costs, offset by 63 million euros of capital gains on
disposals, in particular relating to the sale of a polymer engineering
and construction activity.

The net financial expense of -251 million euros was -17.7%
lower than the -305 million euros in 2013. The net finance
costs, up slightly +4.1%, reflects a stable average cost of net
indebtedness at 4.0% coupled with a slight increase in average
net debt over the year, in particular in developing economies.

Other financial income and expenses decreased significantly to
-21.7 million euros compared with -84.7 million euros in 2013 due
to again on the partial disposal of a financial stake in a start up as
well as a reduction in financial expenses relating to adjustments in
certain pension plans.

Taxes totaled 678 million euros, up +10.9%. The effective tax
rate was 28.3% compared to 26.6% in 2013. This increased
rate is the result of the fact that the 2013 rate benefited from the
impact of the reduced rate on the capital gains from the disposal
of Anios stake.

The share of profit of associates was 4 million euros down
from 14.5 million in 2013 following the disposal of a stake in a
Korean joint venture. Minority interests fell by -6.9%, amounting
to 59.8 million euros.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Overall, net profit (Group share) amounted to 1,665 million
euros in 2014, up +1.5% in reported terms.

Net earnings per share were 4.85 euros, up +1.3% compared
to 4.79 euros (adjusted for the 2014 free share attribution) in
2013. The average number of outstanding shares used for the
calculation of net earnings per share as of December 31, 2014
was 343,214,086.

Change in the number of shares

2013 2014

Average number of

outstanding shares ® 342,664,899 343,214,086

(a) Used to calculate earnings per share, 2013 adjusted for free share
attribution on June 2, 2014.

Number of shares as of December 31, 2013 312,831,676
Options exercised during the year,

prior to the free share attribution 511,594
Cancelation of treasury shares (1,000,000)
Free shares issued 32,095,812
Options exercised during the year,

after the free share attribution 433,801
NUMBER OF SHARES

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 344,872,883

DIVIDEND

At the Shareholders’ Meeting on May 6, 2015, the payment of a
dividend of 2.55 euros per share will be proposed to shareholders
for fiscal year 2014, up +10.3% taking into account the free
share attribution on June 2, 2014. Total estimated pay-out taking
into account share buybacks and cancelation will amount to
899 million euros, up +10.3%, representing a pay-out ratio of
54.0%

The ex-dividend date has been set for May 18, 2015 and the
dividend will be paid from May 20, 2015.


--- Page 32 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

2014 Performance
2014 cash flow and balance sheet
(in millions of euros) 2013 2014
Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital 2,949 2,943
Change in working capital requirement (19) 74
Other items (127) (187)
Net cash flow from operating activities 2,803 2,830
Dividends (877) (885)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of disposals “ (2,240) (1,931)
Increase in share capital 126 60
Purchase of treasury shares (115) (116)
Other 344 (202)
Change in net indebtedness 41 (244)
Net indebtedness as of December 31 (6,062) (6,306)
Debt-to-equity ratio as of December 31 56% 53%

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working
capital amounted to 2,943 million euros, down -0.2% compared
to 2013. Net cash from operating activities after changes in
working capital requirement amounted to 2,830 million euros,
up +1.0% compared to 2,803 million euros in 2013, or as an
indication +2.3% excluding currency impact. This performance
was in particular impacted by the expensing of the realignment
plans, provisioned in 2013.

CHANGES IN WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

The working capital requirement fell slightly (-74 million euros)
in 2014. Excluding taxes, it was quasi stable, in particular as a

Group gross capital expenditure

result of better recovery of trade receivables, and stood at 6.8%
of revenue, compared to 6.6% in 2013.

The increase in other items reflects, in particular, adjustments to
certain pension plans in Europe.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In 2014, gross capital expenditure totaled 2,175 million euros,
including transactions with minority shareholders. Gross industrial
capital expenditure reached 1,902 million euros in 2014, a
decrease of -11.8% compared to 2013. The Gross financial capital
expenditure, including transactions with minority shareholders,
amounted to 273 million euros. Gross capital expenditure in the Gas
& Services activity, including transactions with minority shareholders,
represented 14.4% of sales, compared to 17.6% in 2013.

(in millions of euros) Industrial investments Financial investments © Total capex
2009 1,411 109 1,520
2010 1,450 332 1,782
2011 1,755 103 1,858
2012 2,008 890 2,898
2013 2,156 401 2,557
2014 1,902 273 2,175

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

a4


--- Page 33 ---

42

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2014 Performance

The assets disposals, for a total amount of 244 million euros,
included non-strategic activities, in particular the disposal of a
stake in a Korean joint venture and that of a polymers engineering
and construction activity. Including minority interest buyouts, total
net capital expenditure amounted to 1,931 million euros.

Industrial capital expenditure

Industrial investments amounted to 1.9 billion euros in 2014, down
-11.8% compared to 2013. This trend reflects more selectivity in
projects, strict control of capital expenditure and efforts to better
load existing capacity and in particular, the recently started-up
units.

Gas and Services investment by region was as follows:

Gross Industrial investments by geographical region

Gas and Services

Middle-East
(in millions of euros) Europe Americas Asia-Pacific and Africa Total
2013 771 610 512 171 2,064
2014 718 613 379 83 1,793
Financial investments ROCE

Financial investments amounted to 179 million euros, 273 million
euros including transactions with minority shareholders. These
included the acquisition of ARAIR and Seprodom in Home
Healthcare, FordonsGas in Biogas, and numerous small
acquisitions of distributors in Industrial Merchant in particular in
developing countries. Disposals of financial investments totaled
15.8 million euros.

NET INDEBTEDNESS

Net indebtedness at December 31, 2014 at 6,306 million euros,
was up 244 million euros compared to the end of 2013, due to
a negative currency impact of 222 million euros. Excluding the
currency effect, the stability of the debt level reflects solid cash
flow and the efforts to contain the working capital and capital
expenditure. The debt-to-equity ratio was 53%, a slight
decrease compared to December 31, 2013 and confirms a
further improvement in the Group's financial structure.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

The return on capital employed after tax was 10.8% versus
11.1% at the end of 2013, reflecting the adverse effect of
currency fluctuations on results and capital employed. At constant
exchange rates, return on capital employed was stable at 11.1%.
Assets under construction, which will contribute to growth in the
medium term, remain high and should gradually decrease with the
start-up of major projects in 2015 and 2016.

In addition, value creation, reflected by the difference
between return on capital employed and the average cost of
capital, continued to increase and reached 570 basis points
at the end of 2014.


--- Page 34 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Investment cycle and financing strategy

© INVESTMENT CYCLE AND FINANCING STRATEGY

The Group’s steady long-term growth is largely due to its ability to invest in new projects each year. Investment projects in the industrial
gas business are spread throughout the world, highly capital intensive and supported by long-term contracts, particularly for Large
Industries. Air Liquide has thus tailored its financing strategy to the nature of its projects, based on the diversification of funding sources,
the prudent management of the balance sheet and innovative finance sourcing. This financing strategy is fundamental for the Group’s

continued development.

Investments

OVERVIEW

The Group’s investments reflect its growth strategy.
They can be classified into two categories:

@ Industrial investments, which bolster organic growth or
guarantee the efficiency, maintenance or safety of installations;

@ Financial investments, which strengthen existing positions, or
accelerate penetration into a new region or business segment
through the acquisition of existing companies or assets already
in operation.

The nature of the industrial investment differs from one World
Business Line to the next: from gas production units for Large
Industries, to filling centers, logistics equipment, storage facilities
and management systems for Industrial Merchant, Electronics
and Healthcare. Capital intensity varies greatly from one activity
to another.

Capital intensity

Capital intensity is the ratio of capital required to generate one
euro of supplementary revenue, when projects or activities
reach maturity. This capital is either invested in industrial assets
(production units, storage facilities, logistics equipment, etc.),
or used as working capital to finance the development of the
activities.

Capital intensity varies significantly from one business line to
another:

= In Large Industries:

- Air gases production has a capital intensity of between 2
and 3. It varies with the trend in electricity prices,

- Hydrogen and cogeneration have a lower capital intensity
of between 1 and 1.5, due to a relatively high proportion of
natural gas in the cost of sales. This capital intensity varies
with the trend in natural gas prices;

@ Industrial Merchant capital intensity to launch the activity in a
new market is between 1.5 and 2;

@ Electronics has an average capital intensity close to 1;

@ Healthcare has a capital intensity, excluding acquisitions, of
around 1 depending on the product mix.

Whatever the capital intensity, any project must enable the Group
to achieve its return on capital employed (ROCE) objective over
the long term.

Because of the differences in capital intensity among the various
Group activities, OIR margins will vary accordingly.

The Group's capital intensity varies depending on the activity mix,
project type and the price of raw materials.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

43


--- Page 35 ---

44

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The theoretical lifespan of a contract in Large Industries

Long-term development is one of the key characteristics of the industrial gas business. It is particularly evident in the investment cycle,
where there is approximately a five-year span between the study of a new construction project for a Large Industries customer and the
first corresponding industrial gas sales. Monitoring this cycle is essential to anticipating the Group’s future growth. The following

chart sets out each stage in this process.

Investment cycle of a Large Industries contract
Opportunities > Signature > Construction > Revenue
under negotiation
° ° ° °
12-month portfolio Investment Net capex Start-ups
of opportunities decisions and ramp-ups
100 100 100
50 50
40
|
2009 = =2010 2010 2012 2013 «2014 = 2015
5-7 years
Applying a theoretical capital intensity of two, an investment of 100 million euros in a new project should generate 50 milion euros of sales per annum,
fully ramped-up.

= Identification and Negotiation phase: The project is
registered in the portfolio of investment opportunities and
enters into the development process. Projects exceeding
5 million euros of investment are monitored within the portfolio
of potential opportunities and split between those for which a
decision is expected within 12 months and those for which the
investment decision will take more than one year. Projects are
then discussed and negotiated with the customer. Contracts
can be removed from the portfolio for several reasons:

1.The contract is signed, it is removed from the portfolio and
therefore becomes an investment decision;

2. The project is abandoned by the customer;

3. The customer decides against an over-the-fence gas supply,
or the project is awarded to a competitor;

4.The project is delayed beyond 12 months: it is removed
from the 12-month portfolio but remains in the long-term
portfolio.

= Signature phase: the two parties reach an agreement. The
signing of a long-term contract represents the business entity's
commitment to an investment decision, once validated by
the internal governance bodies. The project is removed from

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

the portfolio of investment opportunities and is registered in
current investments.

Construction phase: The construction of the unit generally
takes between 12 and 24 months and sometimes up to
36 months depending on the size of the project. This is the
capital expenditure period The project remains in current
investments.

Revenue phase:

1. Commissioning: the unit starts up. Sales begin according to
the needs of the customer and with a guaranteed minimum
volume at the take-or-pay level, guaranteeing minimum
profitability from the beginning of the contract;

2. Ramp-up: this is the unit’s ramp-up phase. Over the course
of the contract term, volumes increase above the take-or-
pay level to the nominal amount defined in the contract.
Nominal capital intensity is achieved at the end of this phase.


--- Page 36 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Governance for a Large Industries project

Three Air Liquide entities are at the heart of a Large Industries
customer project, from development through to its execution.

Technology & Execution

(mh »

Investing Business
subsidiary line

Engineering
&

Construction

Customer
Technical Standards
Markets

Best practices

Delivery

The Large Industries World Business Line ensures the global
customer relationship, provides the required know-how and
ensures the overall consistency of the project, in terms of both
contract and technical standards. It is also responsible for good
internal governance practices.

The local subsidiary proposes the development project and,
once the contract has been signed, carries the investment on
its balance sheet. It is then responsible for operations, customer
relations and the project's financial profitability.

Engineering & Construction provides the technologies and
guarantees that they are competitive, both overall and specifically
for each project, thanks to a good industrial architecture solution.

Investment cycle and financing strategy

Engineering & Construction is responsible for the vast majority of
the execution of the project.

Potential projects are identified well in advance, thanks to good
market knowledge and a strong local presence. The first stage
includes selecting the opportunities in which the Group would like
to invest both commercial and technical resources, in line with its
global strategy. This is followed by a series of validation stages.

During the development stage, the project is submitted for
the approval of the geographic region on which it depends. At
the Group level, two major bodies validate the relevance of the
project: the RIC (Resources and Investment Committee - see
the relevant section), and the ERC (Engineering Risk Committee)
which is responsible for assessing technical and execution risk.

Once the project has been through the decision process, approved
by Air Liquide and signed with the customer, it is executed by
a team composed of representatives of the investing subsidiary
and of Engineering & Construction, under the supervision of the
geographic region.

For very large scale projects, a specific EMI (Executing Major
Investments) team of experts supports the subsidiary for the
development and execution stages.

During the start-up of a unit, responsibility for the project is
transferred to the local operational teams, under strict standards
to ensure the site’s security and integrity. The local subsidiary
manages the unit, and the financial performance review is
undertaken by the Group and Regions Operations Control.

THE RESOURCES AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

An investment decision amounting to over 5 million euros is subject to a precise evaluation and authorization process, undertaken at
Group level by the Resources and Investment Committee (RIC). Each meeting is chaired by the Executive Committee member in charge
of the World Business Line concerned and brings together the Director of the activity and regions affected by the investment, the Chief
Financial Officer or the Finance and Operations Control Director, as well as the Group Human Resources Director (when HR subjects
are examined).

The decision is based on a rigorous assessment of individual projects as well as each project’s expected profitability. The following
criteria are systematically reviewed:

@ The location of the project: the analysis will take into account whether the project is based in an industrial basin with high potential,
whether it is connected to an existing pipeline network, or whether it is in an isolated location;

m The competitiveness of the customer's site: based on size, production process, cost of raw materials and access to markets;
m= Customer risk;

= Contract clauses;

@ End products and the stability of future demand for these products;

® Quality of the technical solution;

m= Country risk: evaluated on a case-by-case basis and can lead to changes in the financing policy and supplementary insurance
cover.

Following approval by the RIC and signing with the customer, the project is transferred to the Current investment category.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

45


--- Page 37 ---

46

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

PORTFOLIO OF OPPORTUNITIES

As at December 31, 2014, the 12-month portfolio of opportunities
totaled 3.2 billion euros, down 400 million euros compared to end-
2013. This change is due to a higher level of investment decisions
during the 4" quarter; the level of abandoned or delayed projects,
exiting the portfolio at the end of the year was in line with the usual
changes observed.

As at December 31, 2014, 64% of projects in the portfolio were
located in developing economies and well spread over the
Group's four geographic regions. Compared to end-December
2013, the share of European projects decreased to about 20%,

INVESTMENT CYCLE DEFINITIONS

as the Group’s development resources were realigned with
the geopolitical context. The share of projects in China and
North America increased slightly, reflecting renewed investment
momentum in 2014 in these two regions. The share of the rest
of Asia declined slightly. The investment opportunities include
nine site takeovers that are currently operated by the customers
themselves, reflecting the continuing trend toward outsourcing of
industrial gas production.

The majority of the opportunities are in the Large Industries
business line. The share of Large Industries projects relating to
metals has decreased, relating to the chemicals sector remains
stable, whereas the share relating to energy has increased.

Investment opportunities at the end of the period

Investment opportunities taken into account by the Group for a decision within the next 12 months. Industrial projects generating
revenue of >5 million euros for Large Industries and >3 million euros for other business lines. Includes replacement assets and efficiency
projects. Excludes maintenance and security-related investments.

Decisions during the period

Current investments at the end of the period ®

Future revenue

Cumulative value of industrial and financial investment decisions. Growth and non-growth industrial projects, including replacement,
efficiency, maintenance and security assets. Financial decisions (acquisitions).

Cumulative value of investments for G&S projects that have been decided but not yet started up. Gas & Services industrial projects of
>10 million euros, including replacement assets and efficiency projects, excluding maintenance and security, alone.

Cumulative value of forecast annual revenue, generated by current investments at the end of the period, fully ramped-up.

(a) Different from construction in progress (see note 13.1 to the consolidated financial statements on page 227) without threshold or activity criteria

INVESTMENT DECISIONS
AND INVESTMENT BACKLOG

In 2014, industrial and financial investment decisions, representing
Group commitments to invest, reached 2.1 billion euros. Three
quarters of these decisions relate to growth projects. Despite a
significant drop in the amount of these decisions compared with
the particularly high level seen in 2013, the pace of signatures
accelerated throughout the year.

The amount of industrial decisions in 2014 was down by
around 0.3 billion euros, reflecting increased selectivity in terms
of investments. Large Industries represented around half of
investment decisions, with Industrial Merchant accounting for a
quarter. The other quarter included Health, Electronics and Other
activities.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

In geographical terms, industrial decisions were spread across all
regions. Asia and the Americas represented the Group's two main
investment regions, with numerous projects in energy, valorization
of shale gas in the United States and coal conversion in China.
Europe’s share represented around a quarter of investment
decisions.

Financial investment decisions reached some 200 million euros
in 2014. In Home Healthcare, these included the acquisition of
Arair in France and Seprodom in French overseas regions, and
local players in Brazil, Canada and Korea. They also included the
acquisition of FordonsGas in biogas and the acquisition of local
Industrial Merchant players in China, Brazil, Canada, Mexico and
the United Kingdom.

The total investment backlog amounted to 2.8 billion euros,
leading to a future contribution to revenue of approximately
1.2 billion euros after full ramp-up.


--- Page 38 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Investment decisions

Investment cycle and financing strategy

Industrial investment Financial investment Total investment
(in billions of euros) decisions decisions (acquisitions) decisions
2010 1.8 0.4 2.2
2011 1.9 0.41 2.0
2012 2.0 0.9 2.9
2013 2.2 0.5 2.7
2014 1.9 0.2 24

START-UPS Start-ups were mainly located in developing economies in 2014.

In 2014, 20 units were commissioned, a similar level to that
seen in 2013. Some start-ups, initially planned for 2014, will be
completed in 2015.

Financing strategy

The Group’s financing strategy is regularly reviewed to provide
support to the Group’s development and take into account
changes in financial market conditions, while respecting a credit
profile in line with Standard & Poor's long term-minimum “A”
rating. This credit profile depends on key ratios such as net debt
to equity and cash flow from operations before change in working
capital to net debt. Air Liquide’s “A+” rating was confirmed by
Standard & Poor's on November 27, 2014.

In 2014, the existing principles of prudence were maintained:

® diversifying financing sources and debt maturities in order to
minimize refinancing risk;

@ backing commercial paper issues with confirmed credit
facilities;

@ hedging interest rate risk to ensure visibility of funding costs, in
line with long-term investment decisions;

@ funding investments in the currency of the operating cash
flows, to ensure a natural currency hedging;

™ ever increasing centralization of funding and excess cash
through Air Liquide Finance, a wholly owned entity of
LAir Liquide S.A.

In China, many of the start-ups were air gas production units for
the chemicals and energy conversion markets. In Asia, the start-
ups were mainly units for the Electronics sector.

The number of start-ups in 2015 should be slightly higher.

DIVERSIFYING FUNDING SOURCES

Air Liquide diversifies its financing sources by accessing various
debt markets: commercial paper, bonds and banks.

Air Liquide uses the short-term commercial paper market, in
France, through two French Commercial Paper programs of up
to an outstanding maximum of 3 billion euros, and in the United
States through a US Commercial Paper program (USCP) of up to
an outstanding maximum of 1.5 billion US dollars.

Air Liquide also has a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program
to issue long-term bonds of up to an outstanding maximum
amount of 9 billion euros. At the end of 2014, outstanding bonds
issued under this program amounted to 4.5 billion euros (nominal
amount). The Group’s EMTN program allows, in particular,
for bonds to be issued in the main currencies (euro, US dollar,
Japanese yen) as well as in other currencies (Chinese renminbi,
Swiss franc, pound sterling and rouble).

In 2014, the Group conducted four bond issues under its EMTN
program — one public issue for a total amount of 500 million euros
and three through private placements for a total, at December 31,
2014, of 358 million euros, in order to finance its investments.

As of December 31, 2014, funding through capital markets
accounts for more than 80% of the Group’s total gross debt, for
an amount of bonds outstanding of 5.5 billion euros, across all
programs, and 375.1 million euros of commercial paper.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

47


--- Page 39 ---

48

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The Group also raises funds through bank debt (loans and credit
facilities).

To avoid liquidity risk relating to the renewal of funding at maturity,
and in accordance with the Group's internal policy, the Group
aims to limit its short-term debt maturities to 2.6 billion euros,
an amount which is covered by committed credit facilities. At
December 31, 2014, the amount of debt maturing in 2015 was
equal to 1.3 billion euros.

In addition, the Group has a 1.3 billion euros syndicated credit
facility reaching maturity in November 2019 after the exercise
of the first one-year extension option in 2014. At December 31,
2014, the contract has a second one-year extension option,
which, if it would be exercised, would lengthen the maturity to
November 2020.

At December 31, 2014 the total amount of undrawn committed
syndicated and bilateral credit facilities was 2.57 billion euros.

Net indebtedness by currency

2013 2014
Euro 31% 25%
US dollar 32% 40%
Japanese yen 13% 11%
Chinese renminbi 14% 14%
Other 10% 10%
TOTAL 100% 100%

Investments are essentially funded in the currency in which the
cash flows are generated, creating a natural currency hedge.
Air Liquide’s debt is thus mainly in euro, US dollar, Japanese yen
and Chinese renminbi, which reflects the significant weight of
these currencies in the Group’s investments and cash flow.

The share of the Group net indebtedness denominated in
euro decreased mainly because of the financing of industrial
investments in the United States (in US dollar). The share of net
indebtedness denominated in Japanese yen also decreased, due
to cash raised by the disposal of a stake in a Korean company
partly owned by AL Japan.

CENTRALIZATION OF FUNDING
AND EXCESS CASH

To benefit from economies of scale and facilitate capital markets
financing (bonds and commercial paper), the Group uses a
dedicated subsidiary, Air Liquide Finance. At December 31,
2014, this subsidiary centralized the vast majority of the Group’s

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

financing transactions. This centralization continued in 2014, in
particular for the financing of investments in developing economies
in Asia and the Americas. It also hedges currency, interest rate
and energy risk for the Group's subsidiaries in those countries
where it is permitted by law.

In the countries where it is permitted by law, Air Liquide Finance
also centralizes cash flow balances through direct or indirect daily
cashpooling of these outstandings or through term loans. When
this is not possible, there are nonetheless domestic cashpoolings,
allowing periodic intercompany loans to Air Liquide Finance.

As of December 31, 2014, Air Liquide Finance had granted,
directly or indirectly, the equivalent of 8.0 billion euros in loans
and received 3.7 billion euros in excess cash as deposits. These
transactions were denominated in 24 currencies (primarily the
euro, US dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, pound sterling,
Swiss franc, Singaporean dollar and Brazilian real) and extended
to approximately 230 subsidiaries.

The matching by currency within Air Liquide Finance, resulting
from the currency hedging of intra-group loans and borrowings,
enables to avoid generating foreign exchange risk for the Group.

Furthermore, in certain specific cases (e.g. regulatory constraints,
high country risk, joint ventures, etc.), the Group limits its risk by
setting up specific finance in the local banking market, and by
using credit-risk insurance.

DEBT MATURITY AND SCHEDULE

To minimize the refinancing risk related to debt maturity schedules,
the Group diversifies financing sources and spreads maturities
over several years. This refinancing risk is also reduced by the
regularity of the cash flow generated from Group activities.

The average of the Group’s debt maturity is 5.4 years, at
December 31, 2014.

The following chart represents the Group's debt maturity schedule.
The single largest annual maturity represents approximately 18%
of gross debt.


--- Page 40 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Debt maturity schedule (in mitions of euros)

5202 5

2024 WW
2023 103

2022 48.4

2021 53.0

2020 71.4

2019 106.3

2018 EA 142.4

2017 EE 148.3

PT 538.8 286.0

2015 : : : \ 8754, f
0 200 400 600 800 1000» 1200-= 1400

m Bond and private placements
m Bank debt and finance leases
Commercial paper

CHANGE IN NET INDEBTEDNESS

Net indebtedness stood at 6,306 million euros as of December 31,
2014, compared to 6,062 million euros as of December 31, 2013,
an increase of 244 million euros.

This increase is due, in particular, to a negative currency impact,
as the euro depreciated against several other currencies at the
end of 2014.

Cash flow generated by the operational activities funds almost all
investments and dividends.

Net indebtedness as of December 31
7,000 100
6,000

+ 80
5,000

4,000 po

3,000 | a0

2,000

+ 20
1,000

0-
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

HB Net indebtness (Mé) —# Net indebtness/equity ratio (in %)

The net debt to equity ratio stood at 53% at the end of 2014
(compared to 56% at the end of 2013). This reduction is due to
greater selectivity in Group’s investment process. The equivalent

Investment cycle and financing strategy

ratio calculated using the US method of net indebtedness/(net
indebtedness + shareholders’ equity) reached 35% at the end
of 2014, compared to 36% at the end of 2013. The financial
expenses coverage ratio (operating income + share of profit of
associates/net finance costs) stood at 11.6 in 2014 compared to
11.9 in 2013.

The average cost of gross indebtedness increased slightly in
2014 due to the increase in the share of funding in developing
economies where benchmark rates are higher, and the Group's
decision to issue longer-term maturities to benefit from the fall in
interest rates in the main currencies.

The average cost of net indebtedness was 4.0% in 2014, stable
compared to 2013 (4.0%). Cost of net indebtedness is calculated
by dividing net finance costs for the fiscal year (268.8 million euros
in 2014, excluding capitalized interest) by the year’s average
outstanding net indebtedness.

This stability is due to the increase in the average cost of
indebtedness in developing economies, which is offset by the
decrease in financial expenses on long-term bond issues and
increasingly centralized cash management.

BANK GUARANTEES

In connection with its Engineering & Construction activity, the
subsidiaries of the Group sometimes grant bank guarantees to
customers, during the tender period (bid bond), and after contract
award, during contract execution until the end of the warranty
period (advance payment bond, retention bond, performance
bond, and warranty bond).

The most common bank guarantees extended to customers
to secure the contractual performance are advance payment
guarantees and performance guarantees.

The projects, for which these guarantees are granted, are regularly
reviewed by the Management and, accordingly, when guarantee
payment calls become probable, the necessary provisions are
recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

49


--- Page 41 ---

50

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

© INNOVATION

Innovation is one of the three pillars of the Group’s strategy. Innovating enables Air Liquide to open up new markets and to create

new growth opportunities.

Innovation to boost growth

The Group's innovation expenses amounted to 278 million euros
in 2014, representing 1.8% of its revenue. This ratio is slightly
higher than that of the past five years. Innovation expenses
correspond to the OECD definition, namely research and
development, market launch and marketing expenses for new
offers and products.

The number of patented new inventions reflects the Group's
innovation capacity. Almost 300 new patent applications were
filed in 2014.

Air Liquide has a portfolio of 3,369 inventions protected by
10,777 patents.

Almost 6,200 employees contribute to the Group’s innovation
process; these employees belong to the following entities:

@ technology: nine Research & Development sites in Europe,
the United States, and Asia, the advanced Business &
Technologies network, and 15 main centers for Engineering
& Construction;

@ marketing and market launch: 11 ALTEC technical centers,
which develop gas application technologies for customers
and form a network of application experts; two centers of
excellence — one dedicated to gas packaging for Industry and
Health, the other to cryogenic production technologies — as
well as centers of excellence in Hygiene, Specialty Ingredients,
advanced Electronics materials.

The operational teams in the 80 countries where the Group
operates are responsible for rolling out innovations on a local
basis as soon as they come on to the market.

The Group innovates in three areas:

@ in its core business, based on team expertise. This means
that the Group improves its oxygen or hydrogen production
technologies every year, in order to reduce energy consumption
and polluting emissions. In the healthcare and industry field,
it includes digital and additive manufacturing tools to bring
higher value-added offers to the market;

@ in adjacent businesses: the teams require audacity in order
to go beyond the traditional frontiers. They are opening up new
markets such as biogas and refrigerated transport for fresh
products, or are rolling out a new offer for oil platforms;

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

@ inthe transformational businesses: the intuition of employees
enables the Group to explore these markets, which have the
potential to transform people’s lives. For instance, Air Liquide is
one of the most active players in the hydrogen energy market,
which is currently seeing the emergence of early results
following a decade of effort.

Air Liquide’s innovation approach combines science and
technology with entrepreneurial spi

It is based on three factors: in-depth scientific knowledge of
around twelve molecules (including oxygen, nitrogen and
hydrogen), the capacity to develop and test technologies, and
a strong understanding of its customers’ and patients’ usage.

In 2014, Air Liquide continued with measures implemented in 2013
to strengthen its innovation approach. Thus from science and
technology (role of Research & Development, of the Engineering
business and the ALTEC centers), the Group relies on its advanced
Business & Technologies network to develop the spirit of
enterprise, its i-Lab (innovation lab) to boost open innovation and
ALIAD, its investment vehicle in technology start-ups.

m= The advanced Business & Technologies network, which
was established in 2013, includes a dozen subsidiaries
focused on four areas: Business, Technologies, Information
Technologies and Investment. This network boosts the Group’s
entrepreneurial spi In 2014, the advanced Business &
Technologies teams continued to roll out new hydrogen filling
stations in Europe, Japan and the United States, and acquired
FordonsGas, a company that distributes Compressed
Biogas for natural gas vehicles (Bio-NGVs) for the Swedish
transportation market. The aB&T network also contributed
to major scientific projects (TER, JT 60) and developed new
technologies for the Solar Impulse teams, the first solar-
powered airplane capable of flying day and night without fuel.

@ The i-Lab is the laboratory for new ideas, which helps
accelerate the pace of the Group’s innovation and explore new
markets. It also supports the various Innovation entities and
the Group's World Business Lines in the development of new
offerings, products and technologies. Based in Paris, France,
i-Lab gets support from all of the Group’s R&D sites, notably
in Europe, the United States, and Asia. This laboratory is both
a think-tank and a venue for experimentation (the “Corporate
Garage”) in new ideas for Air Liquide. It is permanently
connected to the global innovation ecosystem, in order to


--- Page 42 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

boost open innovation. In 2014, the i-Lab implemented this
open innovation strategy, in particular, with a competition
among architecture students in Europe on the topic of the
Oxygen Plant of the Future, and the creation of a start-up
incubator “Breathe in the city”, in Paris, to develop new offers
for improving air quality.

@ ALIAD’s role is to invest in minority stakes in start-ups,
in order to promote the Group’s access to technological
innovations developed outside the Group. ALIAD is based
in the same premises as the i-Lab. It encourages the setting
up of R&D and/or business agreements between the start-
ups in its portfolio and the Group's entities. The target sectors
for these investments are energy transition, management of
natural resources, healthcare technologies, digital technologies
and electronics.

ALIAD made four new investments in 2014 in innovative
technology start-ups: McPhy Energy, a company which
develops generators for hydrogen production by water
electrolysis and solid hydrogen storage; Solumix, a start-up
which has developed a new eco-friendly building insulation
material; Xylowatt, a company that is specializing in the
production of clean syngas from solid biomass; and Quanta,
a UK-based company that is specializing in the development
and design of a hemodialysis system for patients. ALIAD has
made nine investments from its creation in 2013 to the end
of 2014.

The Healthcare World Business Line identifies and analyzes the
latest trends in order to adapt and develop its business model
and ensure its implementation. Together with its medical R&D
team, it has continued with its pre-clinical and clinical trials so
as to identify new applications for certain medical gases. Faced
with the challenges relating to the management and cost control
of chronic diseases, the Healthcare World Business Line has
continued to innovate in e-healthcare, particularly with the
COMET study which assesses the impact of remote monitoring
of patients with COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease).

Moreover, in 2014, the Group invested in new innovation
centers.

Innovation for society

Almost 60% of the Group’s innovation expenses in 2014 are
related to protecting life and the environment.

Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD definition, namely
research and development, market launch and marketing
expenses for new offers and products.

Innovation

Air Liquide has decided on three investments in France for an
amount of nearly 100 million euros.

m The Group is modernizing its Paris-Saclay Research Center,
near Versailles, which is its main Research & Development
center in the world. It will allow Air Liquide to reinforce its open
innovation strategy through academic and industrial research
partnerships with players from the Paris-Saclay innovation
ecosystem.

m Moreover, Air Liquide has created a center for the
development of gas packaging for industry and health
on its Paris-Saclay site. This center aims to develop and
industrialize the new packaging, which is easy to use, easily
traceable, safe and integrated with digital technologies and
new materials. The objective is to bring new offers to the
market quicker.

@ Finally, Air Liquide has announced the creation of a technical
center of excellence for cryogenic production technologies
in Vitry-sur-Seine, near Paris. Within the Engineering &
Construction activity, this center will be responsible for
developing and industrializing innovative technologies with
high added-value for the production of oxygen, as well as
bringing together expertise in this field

In Asia, the Group started the construction of a new Research
and Technology Center located in the Xinzhuang industrial park,
in Shanghai, China, which represents an investment of nearly
25 million euros.

In Engineering & Construction, a new manufacturing center for
the Group’s Air Separation Units was opened in Ras-al-Khaimah,
in the United Arab Emirates, in December 2014. This center
will complement, in terms of both geography and technology, the
Group's other two manufacturing centers in France and China.

The Group’s Healthcare business also invested in its subsidiary
Seppic, dedicated to healthcare specialty ingredients, for the
creation of a new facility in Castres, France. Seppic operates
the leading global chain in bulk sterile packaging for adjuvants for
vaccines and injectables.

Projects related to preserving the environment mainly included.

@ new technology research and development programs which
improve the energy efficiency of the Group’s production
units, thus reducing the environmental footprint of the Group's
activities and improving that of its customers and partners;

@ the research on the efficiency of oxy-combustion for both
Air Liquide and its customers;

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

51


--- Page 43 ---

52

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

@ all hydrogen production and distribution processes, from
desulfurizing hydrocarbons in refineries to accompanying the
deployment of hydrogen energy;

= Carbon Capture Use and Storage (CCUS);
m the second-generation biofuels;

@ the valorization of biomass and the purification of biogas for
sale in the form of Bio-NGVs;

@ the production and implementation of gas for photovoltaic
cells;

m™ the research work on liquid nitrogen-powered cryogenic
cooling to transport fresh products.

The innovations in healthcare and hygiene include:

™ the research in medical gases, in particular into anesthesia,
analgesia and respiratory diseases;

m the work on hygiene and sterilization products to combat
nosocomial infections;

@ the development of adjuvants for vaccines.

Promoting expertise and encouraging entrepreneurship

The inventiveness of the teams that interact with customers and
patients on a day-to-day basis enables the Air Liquide Group to
constantly reinvent its business, and to anticipate the challenges
of its markets. The Group has not only implemented programs to
encourage and recognize the talent and expertise of its experts
that contribute to innovation, but also, since 2014, the talent of its
internal entrepreneurs.

The recognition of technical expertise is a key factor for
innovation. In 2008, Air Liquide launched Technical Community
Leaders (TCL), a promotion and recognition program for
the technical field and for the expertise of Group employees.
Since TCL was created, more than 2,500 experts have
been recognized, thus playing a key role in sharing expertise,
knowledge and technical excellence. In 2014, six International
Fellows, 20 International Senior Experts and 85 International
Experts based in very diverse regions (Europe, Asia-Pacific, North
and South America) were recognized by TCL. This community
for the Group's technology experts contributes to the transfer of
technical know-how, to the sharing of best practices, and to the
long-term development of the skills that Air Liquide will need in the
future. The initiative is conducted in close collaboration with the
World Business Lines.

#invent, the Group’s recognition program for inventors, rewards
the inventors who are responsible for patents that are successfully
marketed, or that give Air Liquide a competitive advantage. A
trophy is awarded for the best invention of the year, selected

among the patent registrations filed within each World Business
Line in the past two years, and a bonus to inventors as soon
as a patent is delivered. This new program ensures greater
responsiveness for rewarding inventors, and better monitoring
of inventions. Almost 2,500 rewards have been awarded to
inventors employed by Air Liquide since 1997. Air Liquide’s patent
portfolio contains over 10,000 patents, and the Group applies for
registration of around 300 new patents every year.

These patents are not only invented by the Group’s R&D
employees, but also by the Engineering & Construction teams, the
advanced Business & Technologies network and the operations.

More than 50% of the new patents registered by the Group
protect inventions relating to its core business (gas production
and separation technologies, and its Healthcare activity). The
patents keep pace with the Group’s development in different
regions. The new patents registered in 2014 have a geographical
breakdown as follows: 39% in Europe, 24% in the Americas, 21%
in Asia-Pacific and 16% in Africa-Middle-East.

In 2014, the Group celebrated the contributions of its employee
entrepreneurs during an event organized simultaneously in Paris,
Houston, Frankfurt and Shanghai. Almost 800 managers took
part worldwide. This initiative encourages the entrepreneurial spirit
as a tool for innovation. It is also an opportunity to acknowledge
projects which contribute to growth, and to share new ways of
developing the Group’s activities.

Innovating within the global ecosystem

In a constantly changing world, the dynamic management of
interactions with the innovation system, which is known as “open
innovation” has become a key innovation factor.

Thanks to the development of a large number of collaborative
processes between its operating entities and customers,
Research & Development with academic partners and SMEs, and
between the advanced Business & Technologies network and

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

innovative start-ups and institutional and private partners, this
open innovation has enabled Air Liquide to explore new growth
opportunities.

More than 60% of Research & Development projects were
conducted as part of public-private partnerships in 2014.
Air Liquide signed a scientific cooperation agreement with King
Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), in


--- Page 44 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

Saudi Arabia, and joined its industrial partnership program (KICP).
This agreement marked the start of a promising partnership in
numerous key fields for Air Liquide, such as photovoltaic, catalysis,
combustion and porous materials, and reinforced Air Liquide’s
leadership among global academic research institutes and
industrial leaders in the Middle East.

In France, Air Liquide and the CEA, Commissariat a I'énergie
atomique et aux énergies alternatives (French atomic energy
and alternative energy commission), strengthened their
partnership by signing a five-year strategic agreement

Air Liquide collaborates with 100 scientific academic partners
and technology institutes worldwide, and supports seven
research chairs.

In Healthcare, Air Liquide draws on its partnerships with the
Institut du cerveau et de la moelle épiniére (Brain and spine
Institute - Neuronal degeneration), with the Institut Pasteur

Innovation

to better understand gas mechanism of certain organs, and with
the University of Montreal on the treatment and monitoring of
patients suffering from Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
(COPD).

These partnerships also provide the Group with access to third-
party intellectual property rights. They enable Air Liquide to
explore new growth opportunities, in adjacent businesses and
transformational businesses, beyond the Group's core business.

The innovation ecosystem is global, and involves a new
distribution of clusters that are active in the innovation field. The
Group's organizational structure, which includes its base in France
and three hubs in Frankfurt, Houston and Shanghai, provides it
with better connections to trends in local markets, and enables
it to improve the way in which it anticipates its customers’ and
patients’ requirements, and to imagine new ideas and solutions,
whether they involve technologies or new business models.

Some initiatives launched in 2014

Air Liquide is exploring new areas by developing technologies and
by building new business models, in order to meet its customers’
and patients’ needs, and pursue its profitable growth over the
long term. The Group innovates for the benefit of society.

HEALTHCARE: INNOVATION FOR THE BENEFIT
OF PATIENTS AND HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS

In 2014, Air Liquide continued with the roll-out of its new medical
oxygen cylinder called TAKEO™ which has an “intelligent”
digital display informing the user about the remaining consumption
time until the oxygen runs out and emits a warning sound when
the oxygen level is low. This cylinder is therefore safer to use,
and enables medical staff to optimize oxygen consumption.
This cylinder has also been designed to be easier to handle for
medical staff thanks to its new ergonomic design. This innovation
in oxygen therapy is now available to healthcare professionals in
15 countries worldwide (countries in Western European and South
America as well as Canada, China, etc.), and makes Air Liquide
stand out from its competitors by raising market standards.

Moreover, the subsidiary Seppic’s new sterile facility in France
producing adjuvants for vaccines and injectables benefits
from recent technological advances in terms of pharmaceutical
standards and doubles the Group’s production capacity in bulk
produced and packaged sterile pharmaceutical excipients.

ELECTRONICS: A STEP UP IN ADVANCED
MATERIALS

In 2014, Voltaix, an electronic materials company based in the
United States and acquired in 2013, was integrated. Voltaix’s
products complement Air Liquide’s ALOHA™ product line of
advanced precursors. This acquisition creates new synergies

in the research and industrialization process for innovative
molecules.

By combining the resources and expertise of Voltaix with those
of the ALOHA™ teams, Air Liquide created an “Advanced
materials” unit which allows it to capitalize on new growth
opportunities and expand its markets and product offerings for
semiconductor manufacturers around the world. This acquisition
also enables Air Liquide to meet growing consumer demand for
increasingly powerful flat panels, tablets and smartphones.

These advanced precursors, molecules with specific physical
and chemical properties, are at the heart of the new generation
of chips — used in new servers or smartphones — and are
manufactured in state-of-the-art plants. Air Liquide is involved
in all stages of a process including the design, screening and
industrialization of advanced precursors, by working closely with
leading companies of the semiconductor industry and process
tool makers. The Group relies in particular on its new advanced
Electronics materials center in South Korea.

INNOVATIVE OFFERS FOR INDUSTRIES
AND CRAFTSMEN

Air Liquide continued with the global roll-out of its newly improved
range of arc welding gases: ARCAL™, a range of four high-
quality argon and carbon dioxide based products which meet all
day-to-day welding needs, from high carbon steel or stainless
steel to light alloys, in particular for the aerospace, rail, offshore
and construction sectors.

ARCAL™ cylinders are all equipped with SMARTOP™ taps for
heightened security and ease of use, in particular thanks to
anew, more ergonomic cap. For bulk users, ARCAL™ is also
available in liquid form, with the mix carried out directly on the

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 45 ---

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

customers’ premises with bulk mixing installations. With ARCAL™,
customers benefit from the expert support of Air Liquide, a major
player in welding gases for more than 30 years.

In 2014, Air Liquide also continued to roll out ALbee™, its
innovative small gas cylinder for craftsmen and occasional users.
Following its success on the European market, the ALbee™
brand is now available for sale in Argentina, Canada and Japan.

ALbee™ products are ready to use and aim to make the daily
life of professionals and DIY enthusiasts easier for welding, air
conditioning maintenance and the inflation of helium balloons. Its
business model is also pioneering: the user buys the cylinder
and a service. When the cylinder is empty, the user exchanges it
for a full cylinder and therefore only pays for the gas used, which
ensures a perfect control of spending.

ALbee™ uses the Group's latest technologies in terms of
cylinders: an integrated valve/regulator, the MINITOP™, which
makes opening and closing the cylinder easier, gauges its
content and provides an easier and more flexible connection,
while at the same time improving user safety. In 2014, a new
more compact and lighter size than the cylinders on the market
was added to the range: ALbee™ PLUS, which is already
available in Great Britain.

DEVELOPMENT WITHIN THE INNOVATION
ECOSYSTEM IN FRANCE

In 2014, the Group began work to modernize its Paris-Saclay
Research Center, near Versailles, which is its main Research
& Development center in the world. A single building will house
the researchers and laboratories and will have pilot platforms
with equipments for designing and testing technologies under
industrial-scale conditions. It will allow Air Liquide to reinforce
its open innovation strategy through academic and industrial
research partnerships with players from the Paris-Saclay
innovation ecosystem. Air Liquide thereby reinforces its presence
in this ecosystem, which now includes almost 11,000 researchers
and 48,000 students, and which by 2020 will be one the
10 biggest innovation hubs in the world.

Moreover, in 2014, Air Liquide and the CEA decided to
strengthen their partnership through a five-year strategic
agreement. This agreement extends to three new areas the
work already being conducted jointly: advanced materials and
manufacturing for the plants of the future, digital technologies
for big data processing, connected objects for continuous
improvements in operations and services for customers and
patients.

The aim of this strategic partnership is to accelerate the
industrialization of new technologies and to deploy new uses in
the production or application of gases for industry and healthcare.
By leveraging the synergies of the two partners’ acquired skills
and expertise, the projects conducted will also seek to combine
and strengthen the innovation ecosystems of all participants,
comprising, in particular, French SMEs and innovative start-ups.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Air Liquide and the CEA are already working together on the
emergence of new energy sectors with a pilot unit for second-
generation biofuel production in Bure-Saudron (France), as
well as on hydrogen energy, as part of the “Battery autonomy
and power” plan, which is one of the French government's
34 industrial plans. This long-term public-private partnership
is aligned with Air Liquide’s open innovation approach and
strengthens its commitment to France’s innovation ecosystem.

I-LAB: FIRST STEPS TO BOOST THE GROUP’S.
OPEN INNOVATION APPROACH

In 2014, the i-Lab organized a competition among architecture
students in Europe for their ideas on the Oxygen Plant of the
Future. This competition of ideas, entitled “Rock my Plant”,
offered architecture students the opportunity to dream up and
design the Air Separation Unit of the future, using the main
technological bricks that make up this production plant.

Thanks to this competition, 65 students from seven architecture
schools in France, Italy, Poland and Turkey were given the
opportunity to present their ideas and vision for reinventing the
aesthetics and the organization of the oxygen production plant
of the future. In total, 40 projects were submitted. The jury was
co-chaired by the architect Jean Nouvel and Francois Darchis,
a member of Air Liquide’s Executive Committee in charge of
innovation.

All of the projects were a source of inspiration for Air Liquide, and
the ideas from the winning projects may be implemented by the
Group. Following this event, Air Liquide filed applications for five
new patents.

At the same time, Air Liquide’s i-Lab and Paris Région Lab
inaugurated the “Breathe in the City” start-up incubator. Four
start-ups have currently joined the incubator to develop products,
services and technologies centered around air quality in the city.
Selected for their innovative approach in terms of technologies
and applications, the start-ups will benefit from the know-how of
Paris Région Lab and Air Liquide’s expertise.

With its “Breathe in the City” initiative, Air Liquide’s i-Lab intends
to develop new offerings by joining forces with these young
companies, to meet the numerous challenges arising in terms
of air quality: reducing polluting emissions, helping patients with
respiratory difficulties, providing clean air on the move, measuring,
mapping and treating air quality.

CONTRIBUTION TO MAJOR INTERNATIONAL
SCIENCE PROJECTS

The objective of the international project ITER is to develop
an experimental reactor that will demonstrate the scientific and
technical feasibility of fusion as a new source of energy. Fusion for
Energy (F4E), the organization that manages Europe's contribution
to ITER, has signed a contract with Air Liquide for the supply of
cryogenic equipment that will complete the largest centralized
refrigeration system ever built.


--- Page 46 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

To obtain the very powerful electromagnetic fields required
to confine and stabilize nuclear fusion, it is necessary to use
superconducting magnets that only work at extremely low
temperatures. This temperature requirement is met through the
cryogenic equipment supplied by Air Liquide, which is based
on the properties of liquefied helium. Its temperature is just 4.5°C
above the lowest possible temperature, -273.15°C, better known
as “absolute zero”. In 2012, Air Liquide signed a contract with the
ITER Organization for the supply of three helium refrigerators
with record combined cooling capacity.

In 2014, F4E entrusted Air Liquide with the responsibility of supplying
asecond set of additional cryogenic equipment, for a total amount
of around 65 million euros. This state-of-the-art equipment will
be jointly developed by the Air Liquide Engineering & Construction
teams and Air Liquide advanced Business & Technologies. It will
be installed and commissioned on the ITER site at Cadarache, in
Saint-Paul-lez-Durance, near Marseille, from 2016.

The purpose of the JT-60SA project, a Tokamak-style
infrastructure, based in Naka in Japan, is to support the ITER
project's research activities on fusion by working on the capacity
to control and maintain the plasma for several hours. JT-
60SA is led by the Japanese Atomic Energy Agency (JAEA) in
collaboration with the French organization CEA. For this project,
Air Liquide delivered a helium refrigeration system, intended
to cool the Tokamak. This system, which will be commissioned
in 2015, proves Air Liquide’s capacity to meet major scientific
challenges by supplying very high tech systems.

ACQUISITION IN THE BIO-NGV SECTOR
IN SWEDEN

Air Liquide acquired FordonsGas, a company that distributes
Bio- and Natural Gas for Vehicles (Bio-NGVs) for the Swedish
transportation market. Founded in 1998, FordonsGas owns and
operates more than 40 Bio-NGVs stations in Sweden, making it
one of the largest distribution networks for this fuel in Sweden.
The company employs 32 people and generates annual revenue
of around 20 million euros. The filling stations operated by
FordonsGas enable taxis, corporate vehicle fleets, buses, and
even cars belonging to individuals to acquire fuel that is more
environmentally friendly. Nearly 70% of the Bio-NGVs is produced
from renewable energies.

Sweden is one of Europe’s key markets in the development of
sustainable mobility based on Bio-NGVs. In 2009, the Swedish
government rolled out an Energy and Climate policy with the
objectives of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 40%
between now and 2020 and eliminating the use of fossil fuels in
the transportation sector entirely by 2030. Today, there are nearly
50,000 natural gas vehicles (NGVs) on the road in Sweden that
run on natural gas, enabling the rapid development of Bio-NGVs
as a fuel source.

Innovation

In Sweden, Air Liquide has supplied its gas  liquifaction
technologies to one of the world’s largest biogas production
plants. This acquisition will allow the Group to better understand
the new consumer usages of sustainable mobility, today through
the distribution of Bio-NGVs and tomorrow through the distribution
of hydrogen energy.

Air Liquide also works on solutions for the valorization of biogas
using a process that extracts methane from biogas, via a patented
gas separation technology that uses membranes designed and
manufactured by the Group. Air Liquide is the global leader in the
biogas purification market, with a capacity of 100,000 m* per hour
and more than 10 years’ experience in this sector. The Group
continued to roll out its offer in 2014. Air Liquide now has more
than 35 customers in this market.

START OF A HYDROGEN FILLING STATION
INFRASTRUCTURE

The Air Liquide Group actively contributes to the development
of the hydrogen energy sector on a global scale, in particular
through initiatives aimed at deploying hydrogen filling stations
in Europe, the United States and Asia. The Group has already
developed and supplied more than 60 hydrogen stations
worldwide. The first filling station for the general public was
opened in 2012 in Dusseldorf, Germany. The stations developed
by Air Liquide allow Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles (FCEVs) to fill up in
less than five minutes, and FCEVs themselves offer an autonomy
that can reach up to 500 kilometers in range.

2014 marked an acceleration in the development of hydrogen
as an energy carrier and the roll-out of a hydrogen filling
station infrastructure.

In Europe, Air Liquide installed four new hydrogen filling
stations in Denmark, as part of the Copenhagen Hydrogen
Network, supported by the European Commission. These four
filling stations — two in Copenhagen, one in Aalborg and one in
Vejle — complement two stations already in service, located in
Copenhagen and in Holstebro. This development is a significant
step in the creation of a distribution network at national level.

In the Netherlands, Air Liquide inaugurated its first hydrogen filling
station in Rotterdam. This filling station is part of the European
hydrogen infrastructure roll-out project Hydrogen Infrastructure
for Transport supported by Air Liquide and six other European
partners.

In France, Air Liquide won the tender launched by the Conseil
Général de la Manche to supply and install a hydrogen filling
station in Saint-Lé. Installing this new station constitutes the first
step in the process of rolling out an infrastructure for hydrogen
distribution in France. In Germany, Air Liquide is also involved
in the H, Mobility initiative, which aims at rolling out around
100 hydrogen filling stations throughout the country by 2017.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

55


--- Page 47 ---

56

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

In Japan, Air Liquide has started, in partnership with Toyota
Tsusho Corporation, the construction of two hydrogen filling
stations in the Aichi area (Atsuta in Nagoya and Fukada in Toyota
city). Japan aims to install 100 hydrogen filling stations by the end
of 2015 in four major cities (Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka and Fukuoka)
and alongside the highways connecting them.

In China, Air Liquide was the exclusive partner for hydrogen
solutions in the “2014 Innovation March” organized by SAIC Motor
Corp. to promote new energy vehicles. Starting in Shanghai and
ending in Kunming (Yunnan), the 52-day long roadshow crossed
China from north to south, and east to west, passing through
64 cities in 15 provinces. During the tour, Air Liquide provided a
standard mobile hydrogen filling station that helped set a record
in China: 10,000 km were driven by three cars fueled by hydrogen
supplied by Air Liquide.

In the United States, Air Liquide is developing a network of new
hydrogen filling stations, in collaboration with Toyota Motor Sales
USA, Inc. (Toyota). This project is part of the US sales launch
of the constructor’s new hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicle,
the “Mirai”. Air Liquide’s hydrogen fueling infrastructure in the
northeast United States will initially consist of 12 filling stations
across a number of states.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Hydrogen helps protect the environment, by responding to the
challenges posed by sustainable transport: reducing greenhouse
gas emissions and local pollution in urban areas. The creation
of a distribution network is one of the major challenges in the
commercial roll-out of hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles.

THE BLUE HYDROGEN? INITIATIVE

Blue Hydrogen is an Air Liquide initiative that aims to
gradually lower the carbon content of its hydrogen
production dedicated to energy applications. 95% of the
hydrogen that the Group produces is currently from natural
gas. Air Liquide is committing to increasing, by 2020, the
percentage of hydrogen produced for these applications
from carbon-free processes, i.e. sources that emit no CO,.
The Group’s objective is to produce at least 50% of the
hydrogen required by hydrogen energy applications from
carbon-free energy sources, by combining:

@ the reforming of biogas;
@ the use of renewable energies in water electrolysis;

@ the technologies to capture and re-use carbon from the
CO, emitted during the production of hydrogen from
natural gas.



--- Page 48 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

INNOVATION INDICATORS CONCERNING THE GROUP AS A WHOLE

Innovation

At December 31, 2014

Number of employees working in entities contributing to innovation

6,200

Number of researchers

1,100 researchers with
35 nationalities

Number of R&D sites 9
R&D industrial partners 100
R&D scientific partners (academic and technology institutes) 100

Number of advanced Business & Technologies employees

1,100 employees

Number of countries where aB&T is present 9
Number of Engineering & Construction employees 3,600
Engineering centers 15
Number of employees in other entities contributing to innovation 400
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Innovation expenses (in millions of euros) 235 252 257 265 278
Group revenue (in millions of euros) 13,488 14,457 15,326 15,225 15,358
Innovation expenses as a % of revenue 1.7% 1.7% 1.7% 1.7% 1.8%
Innovation expenses

280

245

210

175

140

105

70

35

0

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
= Innovation expenses (in millions of euros)
—=_ Innovation expenses in percentage of Group revenue
Patents 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Number of patented inventions 2,830 3,109 3,215 3,288 3,369
New patent applications filed during the year 301 332 316 321 287
Percentage of new patents protecting

the core business (within the portfolio) 46% 46% 47% 54% 59%

(@) Gas production and separation technologies, and Healthcare activity.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE 57


--- Page 49 ---

58

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Strategy and outlook

© STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Strategy

For many years, Air Liquide’s growth strategy has been founded on creating long-term value. To do so, the Group relies on its operational
competitiveness, its targeted investments in growth markets and innovation to open new markets and create new opportunities.

The Group is committed to delivering a regular and sustainable performance for its shareholders and maintaining its strong dividend pay-
out policy year after year. This long-term performance is based on continuous growth of the industrial gases market worldwide, a solid
business model and a managerial culture founded on consistent performance.

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE (CAGR) OVER 30 YEARS

m Revenue: +5.6%

= Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital: +6.9%

@ Net profit: +8.3%

m Earnings per share ®: +7.7%

Dividend per share ® ®!: +9.3%

(a) Adjusted for previous two-for-one share splits and free share attributions.
(b) Subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting on May 6, 2015.

The industrial gases industry has enjoyed steady growth over the
last 100 years due to the ever increasing needs of new and growing
economies, the emergence of new applications supported by
innovation and technological research, and increased customer
outsourcing of gas production. The demand for industrial gas has
therefore historically risen faster than industrial production.

The growth rates during the rebound from the 2008-2009
financial crisis varied greatly between advanced and developing
economies. The gap between the growth rates in these economies
has varied from 9 points in 2005 to 18 points in 2010 and is now
below 5 points.

Against this backdrop, the Group's strategic approach has
shifted from a geographical viewpoint, where industrial growth
came mainly from increased capacity in developing economies,
to a market viewpoint, where each country aims to attract new
investments in growth sectors.

As a result of this new approach, the Group has outlined three
major trends which shape its markets.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

THREE MAJOR TRENDS, SOURCES OF GROWTH

Industry globalization and resource
constraints

Countries, industrial basins and companies all compete on a
global scale. They are constrained by the availability of resources
(energy, raw materials, expertise and human resources) and are
required to adapt to market demand.

This major trend is due to three main factors:

@ A need for industrial customers to globalize and modernize
their production facilities, which is leading to an increase in
outsourcing (mainly in developing economies) and in the
intensity with which industrial gases are used in industrial
processes;

@ A decorrelation in energy prices in different parts of the world
which is leading to a wave of re-industrialization in certain
countries, such as the United States with the exploitation of
shale gas;

@ A general willingness of countries and companies for energy
independence or enhanced competitiveness, which leads to the
use of local energy resources, such as coal in China. These new



--- Page 50 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

energy conversion projects, to transform coal and natural gas,
are appearing in both advanced and developing economies and
represent significant opportunities for the Group.

Thus, new industrial investments are more evenly divided between
developing economies and advanced economies, reflecting
industrial globalization. In the latter, these investments are mainly
in networks based in large traditional industrial basins (the Gulf
Coast and Northern Europe). The Large Industries and Industrial
Merchant business lines are at the heart of this major trend.

The Group has an extremely wide portfolio of technologies at hand
which allows it to provide its customers with different industrial
gas production processes (air separation units, steam reforming,
gasification, etc.). Combined with the project implementation
capacities of the Engineering & Construction activity, operational
excellence and Group presence in more than 60% of the major
industrial basins, these technologies allow the Large Industries
business line to capture future market growth through its classic
Over the Fence (OTF) business model (customer outsourcing).

The Group also owns technologies for industrial gas separation
(e.g. membranes), purification (e.g. Rectisol) and transformation
(e.g. methanol, Fischer Tropsch, MTP, etc.). These technologies
can be offered to customers via the sale of licenses, services or
proprietary equipment.

The Industrial Merchant business line also benefits from this
major trend through the sale of nitrogen and carbon dioxide for
oil extraction activities. Their use minimizes the environmental
impact, in particular water and chemical solvent consumption.

More generally, the development of manufacturing industries
driven by this re-industrialization is a source of growth for the
Industrial Merchant activity.

Evolving consumption and demography

Urbanization, the growth in middle classes, increasing demand
for mobility and communication, climate-change concerns,
the increasing importance of health and well-being, longer life
expectancy and more chronic diseases are all factors in the
Group's development.

Each country’s healthcare spending is strongly correlated to the
maturity of their health system. There are three main stages of
evolution:

@ The development of hospital infrastructure aimed at treating
acute diseases, such as in China;

m@ Then the development of home healthcare aimed at treating
chronic diseases, currently underway for example in Brazil;

Strategy and outlook

@ Finally, the development of prevention and well-being while,
at the same time, containing healthcare spending, where
Germany and the United States are today.

Air Liquide provides solutions for patient needs throughout the
healthcare system. The Group's strategy is to target both regions
and markets.

In the domain of acute disease management, Air Liquide has
continued its growth by structuring a dedicated health activity in
China, Taiwan, Chile, Egypt and Russia over the past three years.
At the same time, the Group is constantly renewing its offering
with innovative products, such as its new oxygen cylinder for the
Takeo™ hospitals.

In the home healthcare sector, the Group continued its acquisitions
in 2014 in France to strengthen its position as European leader. Its
Offering is also backed by innovative solutions aimed at improving
the quality of life of patients with diabetes or Parkinson's disease.

Finally, in prevention and healthcare cost management, Air Liquide
provides innovative solutions such as remote observation, as
well as hygiene products and specialty ingredients used in the
pharmaceuticals and cosmetics markets.

The Industrial Merchant activity also benefits from these changes
in consumption and demography. To offset the scarcity of
natural resources and the increase in pollution, industry and
urban areas are looking for environmentally friendly long-term
solutions. Industrial gas solutions exist for water treatment, waste
management, recycling, the design of low-energy consumption
infrastructures and connectivity.

For many years, the Industrial Merchant activity has been helping
its customers to improve their productivity and the quality of their
products, optimize their procedures and make more efficient use of
resources. This includes launching new reliable, simple and cost-
effective offers to meet the needs of the manufacturing industry,
such as welding or oxy-combustion for recycling aluminum.

Finally, population growth, changes in lifestyles and the emergence
of middle classes in developing economies increase demand
for industrial gases in sectors such as food, pharmaceuticals,
technology and research, etc. For example, Air Liquide is currently
developing certified pure CO, for fizzy drinks and is installing new
production facilities.

The Group has the necessary strengths to transform these
opportunities into future growth thanks to its renowned expertise
in numerous industrial gas applications and customer processes,
its global and local presence in more than 80 countries and its
efficiency programs.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

59


--- Page 51 ---

60

1 | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Strategy and outlook

An appetite for innovation

The third major trend is based on an appetite for innovation
among individuals, but also companies and society as a whole.

The significant development in the high technology market is
driven by numerous consumer product innovations and, more
generally, by the increasing complexity of our industries. Hence,
demand for high purity industrial gases has risen substantially
to meet the needs of semiconductor, flat panel or solar panel
manufacturers, particularly in Asia.

Increased needs in mobile telecommunications and power,
coupled with a decrease in the energy consumption of new
equipment, drives innovation. These needs require new precursor
molecules, or precursors, to develop increasingly sophisticated
chips. The Group has specifically reinforced its offering in this field
of designer molecules offering high value-added for customers
through the acquisition of Voltaix, which strengthens its existing
ALOHA™ brand.

Scientific and technological innovations are generated by
dedicated traditional structures, Research & Development,
Engineering & Construction. Additionally, the Group has organized
its innovation process to include an entrepreneurial dimension
(advanced Business & Technology network), one of disruptive
innovation (i-Lab) and strategic investment (ALIAD).

The Group continues to develop in fields with strong growth
prospects, such as hydrogen as a clean energy carrier, as
demonstrated by the development of captive fleets. Converting
one percent of the global autos fleet to hydrogen would represent
a worldwide market of 15 billion euros.

Air Liquide is extremely well placed to benefit from the growth
opportunities generated by these three major trends.

A SOLID BUSINESS MODEL

The Large Industries activity, which benefits from long-term
contracts with take-or-pay clauses, and the Healthcare activity,
which is enjoying steady growth independently of the economic
cycle, provide security. They now account for over half of Gas
& Services revenue. In addition, through its four World Business
Lines, the Group serves a wide range of customers and industries,
with an extensive regional diversity and a growing market share in
developing economies, another guarantee of solidity.

Air Liquide confirmed the resilience of its business model in
2009. In an economic crisis of exceptional scale, Air Liquide,
the global sector leader, reported a slight decline in sales and
stable net profit

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

In 2014, in a mixed environment, Air Liquide again relied on the
solidity of its model to improve its performance. The Group’s
indebtedness is stable. The balance sheet strength facilitates
the financing of its development projects and acquisitions in all
business lines. Each of these characteristics represents an asset
that supports the Group’s long-term growth.

PERFORMANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY

The search for economic performance and the attention paid to
society's major issues, notably the protection of the environment,
are closely linked. Companies are no longer evaluated on their
financial performance alone. They are also judged on their
commitment to and efforts in terms of Responsibility. The
Group has confirmed its ambition to be the leader in its industry,
by demonstrating its long-term performance and behaving
responsibly. The Group thus creates a virtuous dynamic where
Responsibility is an integral part of Performance.

Performance

The Group’s 2010 sales growth targets were based on estimated
growth in the industrial gases market of between +7% and +8%
per year between 2010 and 2015. The global economic recovery
having been slower than expected, these estimates have been
updated in 2013. The new forecasts expect market growth of
between +4% and +5% annually between 2010 and 2015. As
a result, Air Liquide’s average annual sales growth target, which
had been +8% to +10% in a normal context, was rephrased at
the end of 2013 as revenue growth relative to the market of +1%
to +2%.

The initial 12 billion euros investment budget for the 2011-2015
period has been confirmed and net capital expenditure between
2011 and 2014 is in line at 8.9 billion euros.

The operational efficiencies target, initially set at more than
200 million euros per annum for the five-year period, has been
increased by 30% to a total target of 1.3 billion euros for the
2010-2015 period.

For the fourth consecutive year, efficiency strongly exceeded the
annual target and reached 321 million euros in 2014. This brings
cumulated efficiency to 1,178 million euros for the 2011-2014
period.

Finally, the initial ROCE target of 12-13% is now between 11%
and 13% by 2015, taking into account the longer investment
cycle.


--- Page 52 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | 1

The 2014 ROCE stood at 10.8%, or 11.1% without currency
impact, within the revised target range against a backdrop of
moderate and greatly contrasting economic recovery.

Responsibility

As an integral part of Air Liquide’s strategy, Responsibility creates
new opportunities and constitutes a sustainable performance
driver while at the same time providing solutions that respond to
society's major issues.

Outlook

In a mixed environment that was also marked by rapid changes in
exchange rates and the oil price, the Group achieved a solid 2014
performance, in sales, operating margin and cash flow.

Revenue growth in 2014 was primarily driven by strong momentum
in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and the developing economies, and
by robust Electronics activity. In Europe, performance remains
contrasted, albeit with a slight improvement in the fourth quarter.
Overall, on a comparable basis, all of our Gas & Services and
Engineering & Technology businesses reported growth in the
fourth quarter, as well as for the year as a whole.

Strategy and outlook

At end-2013, the Group confirmed its ambition to be the leader
in its industry, delivering long-term performance and acting
responsibly. The objective of embedding Responsibility in the
way we act and manage our operations and initiatives represents
another step in ensuring that Responsibility is at the heart of the
way the Group runs its operations and initiatives, to ensure that
the Group fulfills its ambition.

This Responsibility approach is widely adopted within the Group
and is presented in Chapter 2 of this document.

In 2014, the Group continued to improve its competitiveness, in
particular through successful cost adjustments and substantial
efficiency gains, which contributed to our increased operating
margin.

The strength of the balance sheet, the investment backlog at
2.8 billion euros, and the new contracts signed will contribute
to growth in the next few years, as will the initiatives underway
designed to accelerate innovation.

Assuming a comparable economic environment, Air Liquide is
confident in its ability to deliver another year of net profit growth
in 2015.

2014 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

61
