

--- Page 1 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
——— Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Key figures

1.1 KEY FICURES

Quaterly increase of economic revenue at constant Eurazeo scope: +7.1% in 2014

+2.0% +7.7% +9.1% +9.6%
I

Qa Qa 3 %

Contribution of companies net of finance costs*
in millions of euros)

7 90 238 183 231

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

* Operating income of fully consolidated companies plus the contribution to net income of equity-accounted associates, net of finance costs. See breakdown in Section 4.6.1.

The contribution of companies net of finance costs continues to grow, The decrease in 2013 was due to the major divestments performed
reaching €231 million in 2014, representing average annual growth of that year, partially offset by the increase in portfolio company
140% since 2010. earnings.

6 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 2 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Brief history and review of corporate developments

Change in net asset value (NAV)
(in euros per share)

44.4 515 67.3 69.2 74.6

: Pp pa
0 ost? jo” ut 08

pes pes

(1), Restated for the bonus share grant.

eget oe » eo gs ™ wore
oy pe

20 ath

(2) With ANF Immobilier at its NAV: €70.0 as of December 31, 2014 and €68.2 as of December 31, 2013. See breakdown in Section 4.5.2.

1.2 BRIEF HISTORY AND REVIEW OF CORPORATE

DEVELOPMENTS

Eurazeo was created by the 2001 merger of Gaz et Eaux (founded
in 1881) and Eurafrance (founded in 1969).

From 2001 to 2005, Eurazeo radically changed its corporate
structure by (i) merging Azeo, La France Participations et Gestion, La
Compagnie Francaise de Participation et d’Assurances, La Compagnie
Centrale de Placement and Société de Participations et de Gestion
de Courtage with it in 2001, (ii) merging Rue Impériale, the Group's
former parent company, with it in 2004 and (iii) transferring the Real
Estate business acquired with Rue Impériale to its ANF Immobilier
subsidiary in 2005.

Portfolio movements reflect the investment strategy introduced
in 2002, under which Eurazeo has invested in private equity
investments and leading listed companies, and disposed of its
historical investments.

An overview of investments and divestments during the period 2009
to 2013 is presented below.

Events that took place during 2014 are presented in Section 4.1.

EURAZEO

1.2.1 INVESTMENTS

During fiscal years 2009 to 2013, the main movements impacting the
investment portfolio were as follows:

@ Additional investment through Legendre Holding 22 by
subscribing to the Danone share capital increase for €158.3 million
and purchases of shares for €61.9 million in 2009.

@ Investment of €25.0 million in Fonroche through Legendre
Holding 25 in 2010.

¢@ Investment of €196.7 million in Foncia through Sphynx in 2011.

@ Investment of €294.9 million in Moncler through ECIP M in 2011,
after successive syndications (performed between November 2011
and April 2013).

@ Investment of €33.5 million in 3SP Group through Legendre
Holding 23 in 2011.

@ Acquisition of Eurazeo PME Capital group (OF! Private Equity
Capital) for €124.1 million in 2011.

¢ Additional investment in Fonroche of €10 million in equity and an
advance of €15 million in 2011 (capitalized in 2012).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 7


--- Page 3 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Identity

¢@ Investment of €33.0 million in |-Pulse through Legendre Holding
26 in 2012.

¢@ Additional investment in Europcar of €110 million by way of a
current account advance in 2012, capitalized in 2013.

¢@ Additional investment in 3SP Group of €13.0 million by way of an
advance in 2012, capitalized in the amount of €4 million.

¢@ Additional investment in Fonroche of €4.9 million by way of an
advance in 2012.

@ Investment in Idéal Résidences through Eurazeo PME in 2013.

¢ Investment in Péters Surgical through Eurazeo PME in 2013, based
on an enterprise value of €45 million.

@ Investment in Cap Vert Finance through Eurazeo PME in 2013,
based on an enterprise value of nearly €70 million.

¢@ Investment in IES Synergy through Eurazeo Croissance in 2013,
based on a company valuation of €22 million.

1.2.2 | DIVESTMENTS

During fiscal years 2009 to 2013, the main movements were as
follows:

¢@ Disposal in 2009 of a 3.9% stake in ANF Immobilier through
Immobiliére Bingen for €30 per share.

¢@ Disposal in 2009 of 8,261,017 Danone shares through Legendre
Holding 22 for €310.6 million, generating a consolidated capital
gain of €2361 million.

1.3 IDENTITY

¢@ Disposal in 2010 of the investment in Groupe B&B Hotels
for €184.0 million, generating a consolidated capital gain of
€75.2 million net of disposal costs, following the redemption of
bonds and the 2007 cost price of shares for €110.4 million.

¢ Disposal in 2010 of 10,482,376 Danone shares through Legendre
Holding 22 for €457.2 million, generating a consolidated capital
gain of €292.3 million.

¢@ Disposal in 2011 of the investment in LT Participations (IPSOS)
for €54.9 million, generating a consolidated capital gain of
€35.9 million.

Disposal in 2012 of 30 million Rexel shares through Ray Investment.
S.a.rl. for €472 million, by way of an accelerated book building to
institutional investors.

¢ Disposal in 2012 of the investment in Mors Smitt through Eurazeo
PME for €22.0 million, generating a consolidated capital gain of
€8.8 million.

¢ Partial disposals in 2013 of Rexel shares through Ray Investment
S.a.rl., for €415.3 million, generating a consolidated capital gain of
€44.3 million.

¢ Disposal in 2013 of the investment in Edenred through Legendre
Holding 19 for €602.6 million, by way of an accelerated book
building to institutional investors, generating a consolidated
capital gain of €416.6 million.

¢ Partial disposal in 2013 of the investment in Moncler, by way of an
IPO, for €270.1 million, generating a consolidated capital gain of
€221.4 million.

¢ Disposal in 2013 of the investment in The Flexitallic Group through
Eurazeo PME for €144.5 million, generating a consolidated capital
gain of €80.9 million.

1.3.1 ONE BUSINESS, FOUR DIVISIONS

Eurazeo conducts its investment activities through four dedicated
teams:

Eurazeo Capital

Eurazeo Capital invests in companies valued at more than
€150/200 million. It assists them with major transformations,
contributing financial, strategic and human resources. Its aim is to
accelerate the growth and transformation of its investments and help
them achieve their full potential.

8 EURAZEO

Eurazeo PME

Eurazeo PME invests in high-performing and ambitious small and
medium-sized enterprises with an enterprise value of less than
€150/200 million that are market leaders with significant capacity
to maximize growth transactions. Its assists management with their
progress and growth approach and their development projects both
in France and abroad.

Eurazeo Croissance

Eurazeo Croissance accompanies high-growth companies, particularly
in sectors driven by digital transformation and focusing on changes
in lifestyle and consumption (mobility, online shopping, collaborative
models, etc.). It provides the necessary financial (potentially in several
tranches, with an initial investment ticket of around €15 million to
€20 million) and human resources for their development.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 4 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Identity

Eurazeo Patrimoine

This division groups together Eurazeo’s real estate asset management
and investment activities. It encompasses ANF Immobilier, a high-
growth real estate company operating in Lyons, Marseilles and
Bordeaux, ANF Immobilier Hotels and Eurazeo’s investment in
Colyzeo | and Il, European funds managed by Colony focusing on
investments with a high real estate component in Western Europe.

1.3.2 IDENTIFY GROWTH POTENTIAL

Detection involves seeking out growth investments in a changing
environment. To enable the upstream identification of sectors
and companies offering intrinsic growth, the Eurazeo teams have
developed a specific approach.

Anticipate growth trends

Faced with a lackluster European environment, Eurazeo’s investment
strategy is firmly focused on seeking growth, while retaining an
overall approach to portfolio management. To this end, Eurazeo
focuses on companies operating in buoyant sectors benefiting from
major structural trends and companies facing a change in business
model or presenting high international potential.

In this situation, anticipating major upcoming trends is a major
challenge. It requires great ability to analyze the environment -
economic, social, technological, scientific, etc. - and an informed
view of the consequences of change. To this end, Eurazeo closely
monitors major societal trends: ageing population, acceleration
of technological innovation, all-digital boom, etc. In less than ten
years, these upheavals have triggered a complete transformation in
lifestyles and consumption patterns, favoring the emergence of new
products, new energy sources and new distribution channels.

Focus on sourcing

Eurazeo has a dedicated team to meet this challenge, which
systematically monitors and searches for opportunities. This function,
operating in close conjunction with the network of business providers
and Eurazeo experts, enables companies to be identified and
opportunities outside the normal scope of tenders to be accessed.
Eurazeo now privileges deals, classified as proprietary as negotiated
over-the-counter with the buyer/vendor.

Networks, experts and partnerships

Eurazeo has built solid upstream networks and forged close
relationships, contributing to the improved identification of potential
opportunities and a better knowledge of sellers. The teams are
therefore often assisted by leading experts with expertise in specific
sectors. To strengthen its expertise in regions outside Europe
and improve the attraction of its assistance offering, Eurazeo also
develops partnerships, privileging projects with foreign investors and
particularly Anglo-Saxon and Asian investors.

EURAZEO

1.3.3 ACCELERATE THE

TRANSFORMATION OF COMPANIES

Eurazeo activates all transformation, operational and financial levers
to assist companies. Through its human and technical expertise, its
convictions and its sense of audacity and anticipation, it accelerates
the transformation of companies and increases their long-term value.

Accompany companies in their long-term
vision

Numerous business sectors and companies are faced with breaks
in their business model today. These changes create opportunities
and must be identified sufficiently upstream to enable the most
appropriate strategic choices to be made. Acting at key moments of
change in the life of companies is the role of an active shareholder,
equipped with the means to defend and accompany its companies
over the long-term.

To this end, Eurazeo deploys human, financial and technical resources
to accelerate the transformation of its investments and help them
realize their potential. This long-term commitment is reflected
particularly by the impetus and support given to structuring projects
(developments, acquisitions, etc.), international assistance, help with
investment in innovation and the recruitment of new expertise. This
transformation process, which is accompanied in particular by the
implementation of a CSR approach, is an essential lever for boosting
company performance.

In addition, Eurazeo opened an office in China to help grow its
investments in Asia. The local presence of a team with deep roots in
the region allows portfolio companies to forge numerous contacts
and enter into partnerships.

Support of corporate teams

Given its size and status as a listed investment company, Eurazeo
possesses internally all the expertise necessary to make a true
contribution to its investments in key areas: legal, taxation, HR
risk management, cash management, management control,
communication, CSR, etc. These Eurazeo teams have become
stakeholders in the monitoring of investments alongside the
investment teams. They contribute, each in their sector, to improving
operating methods and decision-making in the companies.

1.3.4 | MASTERINC THE EXIT TIMETABLE

Eurazeo’s business model does not impose any timing imperatives
and, as such, it can sell its investments at the right time, both for
shareholders and portfolio companies. The decision to sell an
asset depends on a combination of two factors: attainment of the
previously defined transformation objective and the performance of
the investment, in terms of multiples or IRR (internal rate of return).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 9


--- Page 5 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Identity

Taking account of multiple factors

The decision to sell an asset takes account of numerous factors
tied to the asset itself and the composition of Eurazeo’s portfolio,
as well as the economic cycle and conditions. It supposes that the
work performed under the impetus of the Eurazeo teams is largely
completed and that the markets reflect the value created. The
valuation of the transformation work achieved and the perspective
for future value creation play a major role in the decision to sell an
investment.

10 EURAZEO

Retaining control over timing

Thanks to the absence of structural debt and its status as a listed
company, investing its own resources Eurazeo is never in the position,
unlike an investment fund, where it has to sell an asset to repay debt.
This allows it to retain control over the moment of exit and therefore
timing. Eurazeo can therefore sell its investments at the right time,
both for shareholders and portfolio companies. This control of timing
enables Eurazeo to continue its in-depth transformation work and set
the Company on a sustainable value creation path, well beyond its
exit.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 6 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
Organizational structure

1.4 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

Organi nal structure of Eurazeo as of December 3°

o
N
&

Eurazeo Capital

Eurazeo Croissance

Fonroche
39.3%)"
France

IES
(95.6%)
France

I-Pulse
(10.7%)
France

Eurazeo PME**

Unlisted investments Listed investments
Asmodee Desigual Europcar Groupe Accor Moncler
(79.4%)* (9.8%)* (87.4%)* (8.7%)* 19.7%)"
France Spain France France Italy
Foncia Gruppo Banca Leonardo Elis®
(42.1%)*? (19.3%)* (84.1%)*
France Italy France

Eurazeo PME Capital
(100.0%)*
France

Cap Vert Finance
(66.5%)

Dessange International
(76.3%)

Gault & Frémont”
(70.2%)

Ideal Résidences
(52.2%)

Léon de Bruxelles
(59.4%)

Péters Surgical
(86.1%)

Vignal Lighting Group
(77.1%)

Groupe Colisée
(64.1%)

ANF Immobilier
(52.2%)*
France

Colyzeo
18.6%)"

United Kingdorn

* Consolidated percentage i
** Percentage interest exclu:
(1) Sold on February 3, 2015
(2) Indirectly through RES 1

interest held by Eurazeo
ding carrying

Eurazeo Patrimoine

1 Fully consolidated company

O Equity-accounted associate

i Company recognised at fair value through profit or loss.

(3) Weighted average of percentage interests in Colyzeo and Colyzeo Il
(4) IPO on the Euronext Paris regulated market, with first listing on February 1, 2015; 35.1% post-IPO.

EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

a


--- Page 7 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Eurazeo investments

1.5 EURAZEO INVESTMENTS

1.5.1 INTRODUCTION

As of December 31, 2014, Eurazeo was either the majority or key shareholder in Accor, ANF Immobilier, Asmodee, Desigual, Elis, Europcar,
Foncia, Moncler and companies of a more modest size such as IES Synergy and Eurazeo PME’s investments.

Breakdown of assets by division ”

Breakdown of assets by business sector”

23%

2% 48% 9%
Other Eurazeo Capital
13% unlisted investments

Cash and cash equivalents
6%
Eurazeo
Patrimoine

7%
Eurazeo PME
3%
Eurazeo Croissance
21%

Eurazeo Capital listed investments

(D Based on NAV as of December 31, 2014

12 EURAZEO

Healthcare

22%

36%

Real estate Mobility and leisure

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 8 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Eurazeo investments

1.5.2 | EURAZEO CAPITAL INVESTMENTS

Accor: Number one hotel operator and
European leader

In the wake of its strategic announcements in 2013, Accor launched
an in-depth reorganization in 2014 focusing on two separate business
lines: operations and the hotel franchise in HotelServices and the
management of hotel assets in Hotellnvest. The group enjoyed
an extremely active year, purchasing real estate portfolios worth
€1 billion, acquiring a 35% interest in the Mama Shelter chain and
signing master-franchise agreements in Central Europe (Orbis) and
China (China Lodging), while delivering record results.

Asmodee: A major player in the games market

Asmodee is a major player in the European board games market and
the French leader. With dual publishing and distribution businesses,
Asmodee’s catalogue currently comprises over 500 products,
including the best-sellers Jungle Speed, Dobble and Time’s Up. The
variety of its offering enables it to successfully cover most market
segments, with a unique marketing and sales approach to the
distribution and launch of new games. In 2014, Asmodee strengthened
its market share in the United States with the acquisition of two major
board game publishers, Days of Wonder (best-seller, Ticket to Ride)
and Fantasy Flight Games (games under Star Wars license, etc.).

Desigual: Spanish brand with a unique
positioning

Created in Spain in 1984, Desigual is renowned for its creativity and
unique identity. The brand designs and distributes clothing and
accessories for women, men and children. Its values, strong creativity
and unique positioning give it a true identity. Its multi-channel sales
strategy has enabled the brand to develop rapidly over the last ten
years.

Elis: Market leader in the rental and cleaning
of professional textile and clothing in Europe

Elis is a multi-service group and leader in the rental and cleaning of flat
linen, professional clothing and hygiene and well-being equipment in
Europe and Brazil. It is controlled by Eurazeo since October 2007.
With over a century of experience, Elis currently delivers to more
than 240,000 companies of all sizes in the hotel-catering, healthcare,
industry, commerce and service sectors, thanks to its network of
production and distribution hubs and Ultra-Clean centers, which
offers it unequaled proximity to its clients.

EURAZEO

Europcar: European leader in vehicle rental
services

Europcar is the European leader in vehicle rental services. For over 60
years, it has met the mobility needs of its clients, with a diversified and
innovative range of short-term vehicle rental services. The company’s
6,500 employees work hard each day to satisfy their clients’ needs.

Foncia: The defender of residential real estate

Foncia is the leader in residential real estate services in France.
In 2014, Eurazeo strengthened its investment in the group and,
following this transaction, held 50% of the share capital alongside its
joint shareholder.

Moncler: Leader in the luxury clothing sector

Creator of the original down jacket, Moncler is a global luxury brand
which designs and distributes clothing and accessories. After ten
years of expanding and growing its brand and its businesses, the
company is continuing its march to the top, as witnessed by the
successful IPO in December 2013.

Gruppo Banca Leonardo: Italian private
investment bank

Gruppo Banca Leonardo is an independent private investment bank.
The bank focuses on two main activities: wealth management and
investment banking services (mergers-acquisitions and corporate
finance).

1.5.3. EURAZEO PME INVESTMENTS

Dessange International: Global network
serving beauty

With nearly 1,800 salons in over 45 countries, the Group capitalizes
on the reputation and expertise of the Dessange brand and builds
its growth, supported by Eurazeo PME, on its network of high-end
Camille Albane salons and the number one network in the family
segment in the United States, Fantastic Sams.

Léon de Bruxelles: Theme-based restaurant
chain

This ambassador of mussels and chips and Belgian brasserie specialist
is one of the preferred theme-based restaurant chains in France. The
brand focuses on the warm atmosphere of its 77 restaurants, which
welcome 1,500 customers every day and the authenticity of its menu
and recipes.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 13


--- Page 9 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Eurazeo investments

Cap Vert Finance: European leader in
electronics recycling

The European leader in maintaining, recycling and financing IT
infrastructures, the French group stands out by its business approach
which takes account of environmental issues, with, in particular, full
traceability of electronics equipment, from first use to end-of-life
recycling.

Groupe Colisée: France’s fourth-largest
retirement home operator

Founded in 1976, Groupe Colisée is the fourth-largest retirement
home operator in France, managing 57 facilities with over 4,000
residents. Groupe Colisée has launched ambitious development
projects in China with leading local partners.

Péters Surgical: The world’s fourth largest
surgical suture specialist

The group designs, produces and distributes single-use medical
equipment for operating rooms. In addition to surgical sutures, its
main product ranges are implants for parietal reinforcement, surgical
glue and hemostatic clips. 3,000 references are marketed and
distributed in over 90 countries.

Vignal Lighting Group: European leader
in signaling lights for industrial
and commercial vehicles

Vignal Lighting Group was formed by the merger in 2014 of Vignal
Systems, the European leader in signaling lights for industrial and
commercial vehicles and ABL Lights, the number two company in
Europe and the United States for work lights for off-road vehicles
used in areas such as construction, mining, agriculture and forestry,
with operations in France, the United States and China. The merger of
these two leaders will accelerate the group's growth internationally,
leveraging their strong business synergies, and the technical switch to
LED lighting, which will be a major source of growth over the coming
years.

Idéal Résidences: Senior assisted living
facilities and post-acute care centers

A specialist in the care and assistance of the elderly as well as
convalescent patients in the Paris region, the group has a range of
medical facilities whose strengths include their urban environment
and quality catering and accommodation services (five senior
assisted living facilities and a post-acute care and rehabilitation
center, representing a total of 515 beds).

The Flexitallic Group: Launch of a world
leader in industrial sealing solutions

Sold in 2013 to Bridgepoint based on an enterprise value of
€450 million, The Flexitallic Group has become a global leader in
the manufacture of sealing solutions for energy production in just
seven years. Eurazeo PME chose to reinvest €10 million alongside
Bridgepoint and management.

14 EURAZEO

Fondis Bioritech: Portable analysis equipment
distribution and solutions

A French leader in the distribution of portable scientific measurement
equipment, Fondis Bioritech also offers a range of high added value
solutions. Its growth strategy is founded on three pillars: the search
for innovative cutting-edge products, the development of solutions
and services and geographic expansion.

INVESTMENT SOLD SINCE JANUARY 1, 2015

Gault & Frémont: Innovative cardboard

and paper packaging solutions

Gault & Frémont is the French leader in the design and manufacture
of cardboard and paper packaging solutions for agri-food industrial
companies and out-of-home catering specialists. As a player in a
niche market, Gault & Frémont is developing a highly segmented
growth strategy.

EURAZEO CROISSANCE
INVESTMENTS

1.5.4

Fonroche: From photovoltaic to new
renewable energies

A developer of renewable energies, Fonroche is an innovative and
socially-responsible company at the heart of the major energy
challenges facing the world. With Eurazeo’s support, the Group is
leveraging its multi-energy and multi-country expertise to develop in
France and internationally.

\-Pulse: Technological innovative serving
industry

Founded in 2007, |-Pulse develops innovative technologies based on
high power electrical impulses. These procedures have applications
in numerous industrial sectors (petroleum, mining, metal industry)
and enable new applications and utilization and production cost
reductions while improving energy and environmental footprints.

IES Synergy: Pioneer in electric vehicle
chargers

Founded in 1992, IES is an innovative industrial group reputed for
the design and manufacture of electric vehicle charging solutions.
IES develops and manufactures onboard chargers, rapid charging
stations, mobile trolleys, wall boxes and modules for public charging
stations, compatible with all three prevailing international standards
(USA/Europe, China, Japan). These onboard and external chargers
are compact, light and enable a rapid and secure charge thanks to IES.
Synergy’s technological expertise and knowhow.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 10 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Ol PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Eurazeo investments

1.5.5 | EURAZEO PATRIMOINE

INVESTMENTS

ANF Immobilier: Downtown and new
downtown properties, a partner of French
metropolitan areas

ANF Immobilier is a listed real estate investment company, included
in the EPRA benchmark index, with a diversified portfolio of
office, business, hotel and residential properties in France. It is a
transformation real estate company, undergoing change and focused
on tertiary real estate, value creation and accompanying dynamic
regional cities. It currently operates in Bordeaux, Lyons and Marseilles.

In June 2014, Eurazeo invested in ANF Immobilier Hotels, an entity
created to host and group together the hotel buildings of ANF
Immobilier and whose assets will exceed €90 million at the end of
2017. This vehicle is held 51% by ANF Immobilier, 34% by Eurazeo and
15% by Caisse d'Epargne Provence-Alpes-Corse.

EURAZEO

At the end of 2014, the entity held seven built properties, located
primarily in Marseilles and Lyons, and comprising 700 rooms and four
hotels under development, located in Marseilles and Bordeaux, with
500 rooms. The entire portfolio is leased by recognized brands such as
B&B, Marriott or Accor, under firm 12-year leases. Since the beginning
of 2015, the real estate company has purchased an additional hotel in
Bobigny, operated under the B&B brand, with 110 rooms.

Colyzeo: European real estate fund

Eurazeo invested in Colyzeo | and Colyzeo II, European funds whose
day-to-day operational administration is performed by Colony.
Colyzeo targets investments in Western Europe, with a predominant
real estate component. These transactions may consist of acquiring
real estate assets or investing in development projects and companies
with underlying real estate assets.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 15


--- Page 11 ---

Hans Silvester, winner of the Grand Prix 2014 “Un Photographe pour Eurazeo”

107 x 116 cm. 2012 | Kodak Endura silver print under Diasec | Edition 2/5

The sling is used to chase birds and monkeys away from the Sorghum fields.

16 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 12 ---

211
21.2
21.3
214
PALE)

2.21
2.2.2
2.2.3
2.2.4

2.3.1
2.3.2
23.3

Challenges and vision

CSR strategy and 2020 objectives

A portfolio with a sustainable dimension
Commitments and recognition

History of the CSR commitment

Invest responsibly

Establish exemplary governance
Create sustainable value

Be a vector of change in society

information
nmental information
Societal information

S88sea

21

23
24

25
32
42

2.41
24.2
2.4.3
24.4
24.5

Reporting scope

Organization of reporting

Choice of indicators

Coverage rate

Methodological details and limitations

BeseS

49


--- Page 13 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR vision and strategy

METHODOLOCY USED IN THIS
DOCUMENT

The CSR chapter includes two main parts:

> Sections 2.1 and 2.2: the scope referred to in respect of
the CSR strategy described in the introduction includes
Eurazeo SA and all fully consolidated companies and equity-
accounted associates. These companies are included in the
calculation of indicators from the end of the second full year
of ownership. The first full year of ownership determines a
baseline derived from initial CSR reporting, from which
subsequent variations are measured.

2.1

> Section 2.3: this Section meets the Grenelle Il law requirements.
and covers a regulatory scope different from the scope of
the CSR strategy. A methodological note on full regulatory
reporting is available in Section 2.4, p. 47.

The companies reviewed in respect of Eurazeo’s CSR strategy
in 2014 are as follows (those with an asterisk are part of the
Grenelle II law regulatory reporting scope):

Accor, ANF Immobilier*, Cap Vert Finance’, Dessange
International*, Elis*, Eurazeo PME*, Eurazeo SA*, Europcar’,
Foncia, Fonroche, Idéal Résidences*, Léon de Bruxelles*, Moncler
and Péters Surgical*.

EURAZEO’S CSR VISION AND STRATECY

“2014 marked a new phase in Eurazeo’s achievements and ambitions
in the field of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).

A pioneer in this field, we carried out a complete assessment of the
environmental impacts of our portfolio as early as 2008. Since then,
we have intensified and expanded our approach by establishing
a dedicated team, writing a CSR charter, annually monitoring non-
financial indicators and, in 2014, launching Eurazeo Pluriels, a mixed-
gender network whose purpose is to advance gender equality at
Eurazeo and its investments.

We are now turning to the future, with the publication of our CSR
strategy.

This strategy reflects our belief that sustainable development and
value creation go hand-in-hand. It was specifically designed to meet
the challenges of Eurazeo’s core business, that of being a professional,
committed and responsible shareholder. It lays down goals for each
stage of the investment cycle, and incorporates a CSR roadmap for
portfolio companies to facilitate the integration of CSR issues into
their operations. Lastly, it incorporates ambitious quantitative targets
for 2020 reflecting our commitment to patient capitalism that takes a
long-term view of a company’s development.

Eurazeo’s signing of the United Nations Global Compact in
February 2014 further illustrates our commitment; our first
Communication on Progress (COP) was submitted in the Advanced
category. As Chairman of the Executive Board of Eurazeo, | am proud
to renew our support for the Global Compact and its 10 principles in
the areas of human rights, labor rights, the environment and the fight
against corruption.”

Patrick Sayer
Chairman of the Eurazeo Executive Board

2.1.1 CHALLENCES AND VISION

2.111  CSRand private equity: gradual

integration of CSR by the entire
sector

ESG (environmental, social and governance) criteria are enjoying
a growing influence in the private equity industry. Today, 80% of
private equity companies monitor their ESG activity, with a focus on
managing CSR risk “.

Europe is a leader in terms of the integration of CSR by private equity
firms.

International initiatives began emerging in 2005 following the call to
the world’s major investors by the Secretary-General of the United
Nations to sign up to the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI).
This thinking resulted in 2006 in the establishment of six principles
that provide a framework for prospective actions allowing ESG issues
to be incorporated into investment decisions. The PRI had 1,357
signatories in 2014; Eurazeo has been a signatory since 2011.

Eurazeo’s vision: CSR as a source of
sustainable value creation

2.1.1.2

In an increasingly complex and demanding environment, Eurazeo
continues to apply its CSR commitment in keeping with a practical
approach, focused on continuous improvement and extending well
beyond the timeframe of the sale of its investments.

Eurazeo believes that the implementation of a CSR approach is an
integral part of its role as a responsible shareholder. It helps bring
out the potential of each company to create value by providing the

(1) PwC, ‘Putting a price on value,” a global survey conducted in 2013 covering 18 countries and more than 100 investment funds, representing over $860 bilion in assets

under management.

18 EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 14 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR vision and strategy

time and resources necessary for its transformation, while combining
economic development, reduced environmental impacts, social
progress and balanced governance.

Upstream, during the detection of investment opportunities, CSR
provides a twofold contribution:

¢@ the consideration of environmental, social and _ societal
developments enriches the prospective analysis of different
sectors and economic trends. This helps identify new opportunities
in areas as diverse as energy, the service economy, recycling and
waste treatment;

the appraisal of a target acquisition in respect of environmental,
social, societal and governance issues can help improve the
understanding of the risks and opportunities, thereby increasing
the ability to forge strong convictions in the selection of
investments.

°

During the transformation phase, Eurazeo mobilizes a full range of
human, financial and technical resources to accelerate change within
its portfolio companies and help them achieve their full potential. This
process is accompanied by assistance in the implementation of CSR
policies, a source of performance and value creation for companies.

This support is adapted to the degree of the company’s maturity with
respect to CSR issues and the means at its disposal on the subject.

Eurazeo’s CSR strategy

Lastly, during the divestment phase, CSR assessments are performed
to measure CSR outcomes achieved while the company was part of
the portfolio.

2.1.2 CSRSTRATECY AND 2020

OBJECTIVES

Following an initial environmental assessment of the entire portfolio
in 2008 and the publication of a CSR charter in 2011, 2014 marked
a new stage for Eurazeo, with the preparation of a CSR strategy
incorporating quantified targets for 2020.

Eurazeo believes that corporate social responsibility is key to a
company’s transformation and sustainable growth. Eurazeo’s
commitments for 2020 embody this ambition aimed at combining
value enhancement and responsibility throughout the investment
cycle.

To achieve the objectives laid down for 2020, Eurazeo has formulated
a four-part strategy, the third part being a CSR roadmap distributed
to investments to be adapted to their specific structures and sectors,
and then applied.

INVEST RESPONSIBLY

Ambition: integrate CSR at all stages of the investment cycle

ESTABLISH EXEMPLARY GOVERNANCE

Ambition: ensure that all companies have exemplary governance bodies

CREATE SUSTAINABLE VALUE

Ambition: ensure that all companies have a CSR progress plan

BE A VECTOR OF CHANGE IN SOCIETY

BOSS

Ambition: ensure that all companies improve their societal footprint

EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 19


--- Page 15 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR vision and strategy

2.1.3 APORTFOLIO WITHA

SUSTAINABLE DIMENSION

Well aware of the growth potential of markets with a sustainable
dimension, such as those that adapt to new uses or develop
technologies with a strongly positive environmental impact, Eurazeo
increasingly seeks to invest in such sectors. Five portfolio companies
are currently involved in the transition towards a more sustainable
economy:

¢ Elis and Europcar are part of the service economy

Elis proposes products for use, rather than selling them. This
modern view of the economy has prompted Elis to design the most
sustainable products possible to ensure continuity of service, to
identify alternatives to disposable goods, and to raise customers’
awareness of the environmental benefits of this model.

Europcar is also part of the service economy with its car rental
business. To reduce the environmental impacts associated with the
use of its fleet, Europcar offers consumers vehicles with a reduced
environmental impact thanks to efficient maintenance programs, the
low average age of its fleet and the proportion of its vehicles fueled by
alternative energy sources, including hybrid cars and electric vehicles.

 Fonroche and IES develop innovative environmental technologies

One of the leaders of the French photovoltaic market since its
creation in 2008, Fonroche is an innovative company whose activity
is central to the major energy challenges facing the world. Fonroche
puts together proposals for photovoltaic and biogas power plants,
and is working to forge a deep geothermal energy sector.

IES designs and manufactures solutions for the fast charging of the
fuel cells used by the new generation of electric vehicles.

¢ Cap Vert Finance offers products and services with positive
environmental impacts

Cap Vert Finance is a French group specializing in the operational
maintenance of server farms, critical data storage and network
equipment. It stands out by virtue of the full traceability of its
hardware, from first use to end-of-life recycling.

2.1.4 COMMITMENTS AND

RECOCNITION

In December 2011, Eurazeo signed the Principles for Responsible
Investment (PRI) of the United Nations, thereby confirming its goal
of factoring non-financial criteria into its management, investment
strategy and portfolio of companies.

Eurazeo is also heavily involved in promoting CSR within the private
equity industry. Olivier Millet, Chairman of the Executive Board of
Eurazeo PME, contributed to the creation of the ESG Commission
(Environment, Social, Governance) of the French Association of
Investors for Growth (Association Francaise des Investisseurs pour la
Croissance - AFIC) in 2012. He now chairs this Commission.

20 EURAZEO

In October 2014, Eurazeo was awarded the prize for the Best
Registration Document at the 2014 Grands Prix de la Transparence, all
sectors and categories combined (CAC 40 and SBF 120 companies).
Receiving this prize, only two years after winning the award for
financial services companies, confirms Eurazeo’s place among the
best companies for the transparency of its regulated reporting,
crowning its constant efforts in this area over many years. In addition,
the non-financial information published in Eurazeo’s 2013 Registration
Document satisfied requirements for the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) 31 C+ level, and initial cross-referencing with GRI 4 has been
performed on the 2014 version.

Eurazeo signed the United Nations Global Compact in 2014, and
its first Communication on Progress (COP) was submitted at the
Advanced level.

Eurazeo encourages its investments to join the Global Compact. Five
have done so, namely Accor, Elis, Eurazeo PME, Europcar and Gault
& Frémont.

Lastly, rating agencies are another tool for the recognition of
companies’ performance and commitment. As of the end of 2014,
Accor was part of three major and globally recognized indices:
Eurozone Vigeo Euronext 120, FTSE4Good and the Ethibel
Sustainability series.

2.1.5 HISTORY OF THECSR

COMMITMENT

2008

¢ Environmental assessment of portfolio companies.

2009

¢@ Active participation in the creation of the AFIC Sustainable
Development Club.

2010

@ Internal consultation on Eurazeo’s CSR policy;

@ Hiring of a dedicated CSR employee.

2011

¢ Consultation on CSR policy with portfolio companies;

@ Publication of the CSR charter, a shared framework for Eurazeo
and its portfolio companies, encouraging progress on the various
issues it addresses;

¢@ Completion of the first CSR report, with a voluntary external
evaluation by an independent auditor;

¢@ Appointment of member of the Executive Board to take charge
of CSR;

¢ Creation of an internal CSR Committee;

¢ First session of CSR and responsible investment training for the
Executive Board and all employees;

¢ Signature of the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 16 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR strategy: 2014 results

2012

¢ Chair of the AFIC Sustainable Development Club (replaced by the
ESG Commission in 2013);

¢ Entry into Vigeo’s ASP! Eurozone non-financial index;

°

First CSR awareness seminars with portfolio companies;

¢ Prix de la Transparence for regulated information for the financial
services sector.

2013

¢ Establishment of a CSR reporting tool for Eurazeo and its portfolio
companies;

¢@ CSR reporting compliant with GRI 3.1 C+ level requirements;

¢@ Formalization of CSR due diligence guidelines for acquisitions.

2014

¢@ Signature of the Global Compact with the Communication on
Progress submitted in the Advanced category;

¢ Creation of a CSR Committee within the Supervisory Board;

Launch of the Eurazeo Pluriels gender equality network;

Update of Eurazeo’s greenhouse gas assessments on scopes 1, 2
and 3;

¢@ Prize for the Best Registration Document at the Grands Prix de la
Transparence;

¢@ Definition of a CSR strategy with quantitative targets for 2020.
2015

°

¢@ Entry of Eurazeo into the Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI)
Excellence Europe.

2.2 EURAZEO’S CSR STRATECY: 2014 RESULTS

2.2.1 INVEST RESPONSIBLY

Ambition: integrate CSR at all stages of the investment cycle

_—_

2020 objectives

100% of due diligence in the advanced study phase of acquisitions to incorporate a CSR Section 67%
100% of portfolio companies to perform CSR reporting 79%
100% of divestment operations to incorporate CSR information 100%
2014 monitoring indicators
% of acquisitions which included CSR due diligence 100%
Number of non-financial indicators monitored 174
Number of companies performing CSR reporting 12
Number of CSR workshops held with subsidiaries 52
Number of CSR awareness-raising seminars held with subsidiaries 1
Number of companies with a CSR charter 5
Average length for which companies are held ® 6 years

Methodological details: p.18.

0

ultimately acquired.

1) Due diligence is deemed to be in the advanced study phase when legal due dligence has been performed. The indicator covers all companies reviewed, including those that were not

(2) Twelve companies perform CSR reporting; ten were integrated into the reporting scope defined by the Grenelle I! law for Eurazeo.

(3) Average time companies in the portfolio at the end of 2014 have been held.

EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 21


--- Page 17 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR strategy: 2014 results

CSR is now integrated into every stage of the investment process.

For the phase of identification of investment opportunities, Eurazeo
developed an analysis guide in 2013, and uses it in conducting
CSR due diligence. Eurazeo conducted CSR due diligence on all
acquisitions made in 2014, and on 67% of prospective acquisitions.

During the transformation phase, CSR performance monitoring has
been made more reliable by the rollout of a reporting system that is
already used by 12 Eurazeo and Eurazeo PME portfolio companies.
The CSR team provided training in non-financial reporting attended
by 14 Eurazeo and Eurazeo PME portfolio companies. Eurazeo also

held more than 50 meetings to work on CSR topics and exchange
best practices, covering the majority of portfolio companies. The CSR
reporting of each company is submitted to their managements and
Boards of Directors for the preparation of progress plans and the
setting of quantitative objectives.

Lastly, during the value enhancement phase, Eurazeo is working to
promote vendor CSR due diligence. In 2014, vendor CSR due diligence
was conducted for the sale of Gault & Frémont. It highlighted the
progress made by the company on CSR issues since its acquisition
by Eurazeo PME.

2.2.2 ESTABLISH EXEMPLARY GOVERNANCE

Ambition: ensure that all companies have exemplary governance bodies

_—_

2020 objectives
100% of companies to have at least 40% women directors on the Board “” 7%
100% of controlled companies to have at least 30% independent Directors on the Board 50%
100% of companies to have an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee ® 57%
2014 monitoring indicators
Percentage of companies with separate executive and supervisory bodies 86%
Average percentage of independent Directors 29%
Average percentage of women on the SB and BD 16%
Average term of office 3 years
Annual number of SB and BD meetings 78
Average annual attendance at SB and BD meetings 88%

‘Methodological details:p. 18.
(1) On Supervisory Boards (SB) or Boards of Directors (BD).
(2) Committees assisting the SB or BD in the decision-making process.

Eurazeo firmly believes that quality of governance is a critical factor
in the performance and sustainability of companies.

In the deployment of transformation and acceleration strategies,
excellence in governance is synonymous with success.

For example, independent Directors account for 64% “ and 73%
of the members of the Supervisory Boards of Eurazeo and ANF
Immobilier respectively. Four of the nine unlisted companies have
independent Directors on their Supervisory Boards or Boards of
Directors. This illustrates Eurazeo’s determination to adopt best
practices in terms of transparency and independence, going beyond
regulatory requirements.

Good governance also requires quality dialogue with all stakeholders.
In 2013, Eurazeo mapped its stakeholders, which fall into six categories:
shareholders, employees, managers of portfolio companies, non-
financial rating agencies, NGOs and representatives of civil society,
as well as suppliers and service providers. Eurazeo has structured
dialogue with most of its stakeholders, especially its shareholders
(see Section 2.3.3.2, p. 42).

The governance Section of this Registration Document provides
detailed information about Eurazeo’s governance practices (see
Section 3, p. 55).

Moreover, 2014 saw the creation of a specialized committee of the
Eurazeo Supervisory Board. The purpose of this new CSR Committee
is to assist the Supervisory Board in monitoring CSR-related issues so
as to allow Eurazeo to better anticipate the associated opportunities,
issues and risks. It also makes recommendations on the company’s
policy and achievements in the field of CSR (see the chapter devoted
to governance, Sections 3.1.4 to 3.1.5, p. 13).

Eurazeo’s CSR governance is provided by a CSR Department
reporting to the Secretary of the Executive Board. CSR issues feature
on the Executive Board agenda at least three times per year. In 2014,
the Executive Board validated Eurazeo’s objectives and CSR strategy.
CSR objectives are also part of the factors taken into account for
the calculation of the variable compensation of all Executive Board
members. An operational committee meets monthly. One of its chief
purposes is to inspire and monitor the progress of Eurazeo and its
investments in achieving CSR goals.

Within portfolio companies, the CSR progress plan includes the
appointment of a CSR manager and the inclusion of CSR issues on
the agenda of meetings of the Supervisory Board or the Board of
Directors at least once a year.

(1) 67% in 2016, subject to the adoption by the shareholders’ Meeting of the Ms Francoise Mercadal-Delasalles appointment at Eurazeo Supervisory board.

22 EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 18 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR strategy: 2014 results

2.2.3. CREATE SUSTAINABLE VALUE

Ambition: ensure that all companies have a
CSR progress plan

To facilitate the implementation of a pragmatic and value-creating
CSR approach, Eurazeo has laid down a CSR roadmap made available
to all its investments. Its aim is to see it deployed by all of them by
2020.

The roadmap has three major objectives for 2020:
¢ provide a solid CSR foundation: 100% of portfolio companies to
have deployed Eurazeo’s “CSR essentials” ;

¢@ identify the challenges and opportunities of sustainable
performance: 100% of portfolio companies to have quantified CSR
progress targets;

accelerate and maintain sustainable value creation: 100% of
portfolio companies to be involved in at least one CSR acceleration
program.

2020 objective

100% of portfolio companies to have deployed Eurazeo’s “CSR essentials” “” 0%

The seven “CSR essentials” ®

Appoint a CSR manager 6/14
Establish annual CSR reporting 12/14
Create an operational CSR committee 5/14
Include CSR issues on the agenda of Board meetings at least once a year B/l4
Conduct an environmental and/or greenhouse gas assessment every three years 6/14
Perform a social barometer every three years 5/14
Conduct CSR audits of priority suppliers 2/4
2020 objective
100% of portfolio companies to have quantified CSR progress targets 21%
2020 objective
100% of portfolio companies to be involved in at least one CSR acceleration program 79%
The CSR acceleration programs
Responsible purchasing program 2/4
Gender equality program Wi4
Environmental footprint program 3/4

‘Methodological details: p. 18.

(1) Acompany is deemed to have deployed the “CSR essentials” when all seven actions are in place.

(2) The results are expressed in number of companies.

Eurazeo assists its investments in integrating the CSR approach
into their business. To this end, Eurazeo launched several thematic
programs in 2014, aimed at promoting the sharing of expertise
and best practices, and thereby accelerating the deployment
of improvement plans. Eurazeo’s goal is for 100% of portfolio
companies to be taking part in at least one CSR acceleration program
implemented by Eurazeo by 2020.

Three programs were launched in 2014:

¢ responsible purchasing: purchasing is an area of progress, and
also one of significant vulnerability for companies, which need to
establish mechanisms to ensure that their supplies are responsibly
sourced in human and environmental terms. Workshops are
organized with volunteer companies to share best practices and
contribute to sustainable purchasing approaches within each of
them;

¢ environmental footprint: Eurazeo encourages portfolio companies
to perform assessments of their organization's environmental
footprint:

« in 201, the Accor group conducted an analysis of the
environmental impact of its activities. This world premiere in
the hotel industry identified the key issues on which action was
needed,

in 2012, Cap Vert Finance set up a tool that allows customers
of Cap Vert Finance facilities to calculate the reduction in their

.

EURAZEO

environmental footprint compared with the purchase of new
equipment,

« in 2014, Asmodee performed life cycle analysis of its activities
in France. This work will provide a foundation for the
environmental improvement plan to be drawn up in 2015,

Dessange International also launched life cycle analysis of the
environmental impacts of its organization in 2014. The work will
be finalized in 2015;

¢ gender equality: firmly believing that gender equality is a
performance factor for companies, Eurazeo launched Eurazeo
Pluriels in October 2014. Eurazeo Pluriels is mixed network
designed to promote and advance gender equality. It aims to
provide a focus on the issue within Eurazeo and across all portfolio
companies by organizing a range of annual events including
conferences, crossed coaching and training.

The initiative stems from a long-held belief: Eurazeo is a partner
of the Women's Forum for the Economy and Society, and has
supported the Rising Talents program since 2008.

Concurrent with the launch of Eurazeo Pluriels, Eurazeo joined the
Financi’Elles network, the leading women’s business network in
the financial sector. Eurazeo is the first private equity firm to join
Financi'Elles.

.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 23


--- Page 19 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Eurazeo's CSR strategy: 2014 results

2.2.4 BEA VECTOR OF CHANCE IN SOCIETY

Ambition: ensure that all companies improve their social footprint

The results will be released for the first time in 2015, with 2014 as the baseline.

2020 objective

100% of portfolio companies to improve the protection and well-being of employees

Calculation indicators

Number of companies at which 100% of employees to have access to social insurance “”
And/or

Number of companies that have reduced the number of days of absence

2020 objective

100% of portfolio companies to share value created or company profits with employees

Calculation indicators

Number of portfolio companies with employee shareholders
And/or

Number of portfolio companies to have implemented a profit-sharing scheme “

2020 objective

100% of portfolio companies to reduce their environmental impact

Calculation indicators

Number of portfolio companies to have decreased their carbon emissions as a proportion of EBITDA
Number of portfolio companies to have decreased their water consumption as a proportion of EBITDA
Number of portfolio companies to have increased their recycling rates

‘Methodological details: p. 18.

(1) Health and/or disability insurance and/or retirement plan.
(2) Absenteeism and time lost due to workplace accidents.
(3) Excluding management team,

(4) Establishment of an incentive scheme or collective bonus (outside legal obligations).

24 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 20 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3

INFORMATION RELATIVE TO SOCIAL, SOCIETAL

AND ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

2.3.1 SOCIAL INFORMATION

In a constantly changing environment, companies must develop
flexible models and gain agility. How can flexibility and accountability
be reconciled? This is a priority for Eurazeo, which encourages its
portfolio companies to practice responsible management of human
resources, particularly in the following areas:

¢ quality of life at work, which encompasses working conditions,
social dialogue, career management, and welfare and social
protection, including access to healthcare services, provident
insurance and preparation for retirement;

2.3.1.1 Employment

Total workforce by gender, age and region

@ employability throughout working life, particularly through a
commitment to employee training and development both during
and after their time at the Company. The goal is to ensure that
employees remain equipped with the skills needed for their
employability, at a time when working life is becoming longer and
lifetime employment no longer exists.

Eurazeo ensures that the conditions are met to allow shareholder
value to grow, in accordance with best practice in terms of employee
management, regardless of the sector and the country in which the
Company operates. Since 2014, the HRD Club, led by the Human
Resources Director of Eurazeo, has brought together the human
resources directors of portfolio companies to facilitate the sharing
of good practices.

Permanent employees EurazeoSA Eurazeo and subsidiaries EurazeoSA Eurazeo and subsidiaries
Number of employees 62 23,531 54 25,659
Percentage of women 55% 51% 56% 47%
Percentage of permanent

employment contracts 95% 91% 98% 92%
Percentage of managers 89% 15% na. na.

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2013 and 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, it was between 90% and 100% in 2013, and 100% in 2014.

(1). Information not available is indicated by “na.”

For Eurazeo SA, the permanent workforce was 62 employees as of
December 31, 2014; the permanent and non-permanent workforce,
excluding temporary employees, was 64 employees.

For Eurazeo and subsidiaries, the permanent workforce was 23,531
employees as of December 31, 2014. The permanent and non-
permanent workforce, excluding temporary employees, was 29,288
employees.

The changes in the scope defined by the Grenelle II law preclude
trend analysis between 2013 and 2014.

EURAZEO

The non-permanent workforce includes replacement employees on
fixed-term contracts, interns, French contracts for international work
experience (Volontariat International en Entreprise - VIE), workers
made available to the Company by an external company who are
present on the premises of the contracting company, combined
work-study and apprenticeship contracts, and short-term contracts.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 25


--- Page 21 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Breakdown of total workforce by age group Breakdown of total workforce by region
(permanent and non-permanent) (permanent and non-permanent)
Eurazeo and subsidiaries Eurazeo and subsidiaries

%: 2014 %: 2013

14% 12% 50% 51% 36% 37%
| 3%

World (excluding Europe)
3%

Europe France
(excluding France) 49%
rT 48%
25 26 45
and below to.44 and above
20% MI 2013

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 100% in 2013 and 2014.
The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 90% in 2013 and 100% in 2014.

2.3.1.2 New hires and departures

In 2014, out of a permanent workforce of 23,531 employees, there were 14,501 new hires and 14,270 departures, a net creation of 231 jobs.

Hires (permanent workforce, number of employees) Eurazeo SA Eurazeo and subsidiaries

Hires 13 14,501

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA and for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 100% in 2014.

Departures (permanent workforce, number of employees) EurazeoSA Eurazeo and subsidiaries
Retirement and early retirement fe) 206
Departure at the employee's initiative 1 1,818
Departure at the employer's initiative 3 1153,
Other departures “ 1 11,093
Total departures 5 14,270

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA and for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 100% in 2014.
(1) Other departures reflect the end of contracts, including fixed-term and short-term contracts, dismissals during trial periods and death,

26 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 22 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.1.3 Compensation and benefits

The payroll for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was €781 million in 2014.

Compensation and benefits (permanent and non-permanent workforce, in millions of euros) EurazeoSA Eurazeo and subsidiaries
Fixed compensation 88 655
Individual variable compensation “” 8.7 83
Collective variable compensation “ 13 44
Total compensation 18.8 781
Benefits in kind O01 9
Percentage of employee shareholders 73% 1%

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA and for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 100% in 2014.
(1) Compensation includes social secunty contributions, excluding employer contributions.

Eurazeo SA’s management compensation policy is consistent
with the AFEP-MEDEF recommendations. The fixed and variable
compensation of all employees is reviewed annually, in a process
that includes comparison with compensation in Eurazeo’s market.
Fixed compensation is set on the basis of the position filled, taking
into account the employee’s experience in the Company and the
profession. Variable compensation aims to reward the employee's
individual performance each year. In addition, all employees are
eligible for collective compensation in the form of incentive bonuses.
Eurazeo pays special attention to aligning employees’ interests with
the Company's performance so as to strengthen their commitment to
a shared project. It encourages the sharing of value creation, notably
by granting free shares and/or stock options within its team and
among its subsidiaries.

The Eurazeo SA incentive agreement was renewed in 2013 and applies
to 2013, 2014 and 2015. Each employee is entitled to a bonus of up
to 13% of his or her gross annual salary, capped at half of the annual

2.3.1.4 Organization of working hours

social security ceiling. Employees can invest their bonus in funds held
in an employee savings account (Plan d’épargne entreprise - PEE, or
Plan d’épargne pour la retraite collectif - PERCO), to which Eurazeo
adds a triple employer contribution capped at €11,258 per person.

A new incentive agreement was signed at ANF Immobilier in 2014,
and will run until 2016. Each ANF Immobilier employee is entitled to a
bonus of up to 10% of his or her gross annual salary, capped at half of
the annual social security ceiling.

Cap Vert Finance promotes an entrepreneurial spirit by aligning
the interests of its managers with the success of the business: the
managers of each new subsidiary receive a portion of the capital,
which they distribute among the employees showing the greatest
commitment to the new company’s growth. Cap Vert Finance has
made eight key managers shareholders of the group, four of whom
by means of grants of free shares. Thirty-five percent of Cap Vert
Finance's share capital is currently held by its managers.

Eurazeo and Eurazeo and
Working hours (as a % of the permanent workforce) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Percentage of full-time employees 97% 92% 98% 89%
Percentage of part-time employees 3% 8% 2% 1%
Number of temporary employee hours 3,906 942,820 2,872 815,031
Proportion of overtime °/
theoretical number of hours worked 0% 2% 0% 2%
Absenteeism rate ® 2% 7% 3% 7%

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2013 and 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, it was between 89% and 100% in 2013, and between 97% and 100% in 2014.

(1) Proportion of overtime: overtime hours/theoretical number of contractual hours worked annually.
(2) Absenteeism rate: number of hours of absence/theoretical number of contractual hours worked annually.

EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

27


--- Page 23 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.1.5 Labor relations

Eurazeo is attentive to the implementation of policies and measures
promoting quality labor relations within its portfolio companies. It
aims to extend voluntary initiatives such as employee surveys to all
portfolio companies.

In 2014, a total of three portfolio companies conducted employee
surveys. Performing employee barometers at least once every three
years is part of the CSR roadmap set out for portfolio companies as
part of Eurazeo’s CSR strategy.

Labor relations and review of collective agreements

Eurazeo SA has a team of 62 employees. Dialogue is therefore based
on proximity between management and employees, and the ability to
hold discussions in an atmosphere of trust and transparency.

Collective agreements signed in France in 2014 and issues addressed

Eurazeo SA's workforce lastingly exceeded the threshold of 50 people
in early 2014. Elections for employee representatives were held, and
representatives from each category were elected. Following these
elections, a works council was established, and operating and social
activity budgets were allocated. Coordination meetings between the
works council and management are held every month.

Eurazeo promotes constructive labor relations within each company.

At Elis France, for instance, all centers have elected or appointed staff
representatives. These representatives are informed and consulted
‘on the mandatory topics, as well as plans for the company and/or
site. Negotiations are held periodically. In addition to mandatory
annual negotiations, specific collective agreements in 2014 focused
on classification, the harmonization of pension and health insurance
costs, gender equality, profit sharing and working hours. One hundred
and twelve agreements were signed in 2014.

Company Number of agreements

Issues addressed

ANF Immobilier 1

Incentive bonuses

Elis n2

Classification (7)
Working time (1)

Professional equality between men and women (9)
Financing of co-determination (1)

Prospective job management agreement (1)
Harmonization of provident insurance plans (8)
Harmonization of health insurance plans (8)
Incentive agreement (3)

Mandatory annual negotiations (54)

Profit sharing (10)

Prevention of hardship (7)

Night work (3)

Eurazeo PME 1

Incentive agreement

Europcar 5

Intergenerational contract

Prospective job management agreement
Incentive agreement

Mandatory annual negotiations

Electronic voting for professional elections

Péters Surgical 1

Incentive agreement

No new agreements were signed in 2014 at Eurazeo SA, Cap Vert Finance, Dessange International, Idéal Résidences or Léon de Bruxelles.

Employee surveys and social barometers

Employee surveys and social barometers are key tools for assessing
employees’ perceptions on topics related to life in the company
(quality of life at work, compensation, measurement of commitment,
etc.), and their understanding and appropriation of the company's
strategy. As such, these measures are an important instrument of
labor relations in the company.

In 2014, Elis conducted 19 social barometers in France covering
approximately 3,000 employees, with a response rate above 75%. On
average, employee satisfaction was up by 1.3 points compared with
the previous social barometer at each center. Employee satisfaction
was up by 4 points or more at five sites, and by 5 points or more at four
sites compared with the previous barometer. Several measures have
been taken, including the renewal of social activities and improved
communication, especially for the induction of new employees.

28 EURAZEO

> A survey was conducted by Foncia across its entire
French scope in 2014, with a response rate of 76%
(6,300 people surveyed), and a staff satisfaction rate of
85%. Significant improvements were recorded in such
areas as internal communication (increase of 12 points)
and professional development (increase of 7 points),
following the implementation of action plans in 2013.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 24 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.1.6 Health and safety

Health and safety conditions at work, occupational
diseases and agreements signed

The nature of Eurazeo SA's business as a private equity company
limits the risk of serious accidents, and no accidents were recorded
in 2014.

However, as in any sector, the risk of occupational diseases cannot
be ruled out, notably musculoskeletal disorders and stress. Regular
physical activity and fitness are major determinants of health at all
ages, and Eurazeo SA offers its employees a gym and classes taught
by qualified fitness instructors.

Eurazeo encourages all of its portfolio companies to provide safe and
healthy work environments for their employees.

Elis is strongly committed to safe working conditions, devoting
nearly €2 million annually to continuous improvement. The safety
department monitors indicators and provides support for the
implementation of the safety policy, led locally by center and
maintenance managers. Each center prepares an annual action plan.
In 2014, in France, Elis implemented the measures laid down in the
agreements on the prevention of hardship: poly-exposure reduction,
improvement of working conditions, career development and skill
development.

In 2012, Elis France also introduced Gest’Elis, a project involving
the ergonomic adaptation of workstations to improve the working
conditions of operational staff. Physiotherapists conducted 229
training courses on job-specific movements and postures in 2014.
Ergonomic studies of workstations have been conducted to improve
the working conditions of employees with medical restrictions. A
working group comprising operational staff in the company’s various
departments and functional services (Human Resources, Quality,
Safety and Environment) was set up in 2014 to draw up specific
prevention measures for 2015. The first topics addressed were the
treatment of safety issues for all functions and the provision of tools
to promote safety at different centers. In 2014, the Internal Audit
Department conducted 31 safety audits in France and Belgium.

Workplace accidents

Europcar France initiated a Quality of Working Life (QWL) approach
in 2014. The results are currently being analyzed and an action plan
will be established in 2015. In Spain, Italy and the UK, Europcar’s health
management and safety systems are monitored by an independent
firm as part of OHSAS 18001 certification.

In 2013, Péters Surgical conducted a survey on psychosocial risks. It
identified measures to improve the quality of life at work, resulting in
the implementation in 2014 of such actions as the reorganization of
the maintenance division, improvements in internal communication
and the creation of a voluntary Conviviality Committee.

> In 2014, the Groupe Colisée conducted internal training
‘on occupational risks (handling of residents, prevention
of falls, movements and postures) and psychosocial risks
(Alzheimer's disease, behavioral problems, end-of-life
support, stress prevention and management, aggression
management). Seventy percent of staff were trained or
educated in 2014. Medical equipment is suitable for the
care of residents while preventing the risk of accidents
at work and occupational diseases for staff (e.g. patient
lifting units). Personal protective devices are in place in
establishments (safety shoes, work clothes, disposable
gloves, masks, etc.). Regular discussion groups and
internal training courses are organized to prevent
staff burnout in an environment combining illness,
dependency and grief.

> At Vignal Lighting Group, numerous measures have
been taken to improve employee well-being and prevent
occupational diseases. They include improvements to
workstation ergonomics so as to limit effort and reduce
the need for intricate handling. A working group was
launched in November 2014 to combat occupational
diseases. It is composed of members of the Human
Resources, Quality, Safety and Environment, and
Production and Methods Departments.

Eurazeo and
Workplace accidents (permanent and non-permanent workforce) Eurazeo SA subsi
Fatalities 0 2
Accidents with lost time 0 1,254
Frequency rate “” fe) 31
Severity rate ® fe) 13
Days lost due to accidents with more than one day's sick leave fe) 52,055

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was 100% in 2014.
(1) Frequency rate: (accidents with time lost/total hours worked) x 1,000,000.
(2). Severity rate: (days lost due to accidents with more than one day's sick leave/total hours worked) x 1,000.
EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 29


--- Page 25 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.1.7 Skills development

Eurazeo and
Training (permanent and non-permanent workforce) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Total number of training hours 1,041 217,006
Training expenditure (In millions of euros) ” 0.2 73
Percentage of employees who attended at least one training course during the year ” 65% 41%

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, it was between 96% and 100% in 2014.

(1) Training expenditure includes educational costs and wages.
(2) In the permanent workforce.

Training policies implemented

Eurazeo SA strives to offer its employees the opportunity to achieve
and maintain their full potential, and to meet their learning needs and
expectations. Training courses are selected in relation to investment
projects underway and/or job-related issues. The main topics
covered by training in 2014 were finance, foreign languages, digital
communication and managerial practices. All Eurazeo SA employees
were offered basic first aid training.

In portfolio companies, the quality and availability of training
guarantee business performance and the employability of staff. The
portfolio companies spent €7.3 million on training. More than 217,000
hours’ training were provided worldwide.

In France, Elis ensures the success of its new executives by offering
training courses on operational professions. In Spain, eight young
managers were trained for a period of nine to fifteen months in an
Elis center in France, where they learned about the specifics of the
business and observed the center’s best practices.

Several other training programs were rolled out to meet the challenges
of jobs and skills planning: masters’ school for production team
leaders, school of excellence for the internal promotion of service
employees, detection of young talents and training of managers with
high potential.

The Europcar International training policy aims primarily to enable
employees to follow the Group's strategic direction. Thus, in 2014,
the Europcar Master Sales Certification Program was launched for all
Group commercial functions (40 participants covering nine countries
over nine months). In view of its success (Bronze medal at the 2014
Commercial Action Trophy) and particularly positive feedback from
participants, the program will be extended to other cross-cutting
functions that are called upon to negotiate in the course of their
activities (Finance, Fleet, Marketing, Human Resources, etc.).

30 EURAZEO

In 2014, Léon de Bruxelles set up a training plan that meets the
Company's strategic priorities and is built on three pillars: quality and
commercial attitude, development of internal resources, and support
for the development, integration and transmission of knowledge.

> In 2014, the Groupe Colisée’s training efforts focused on
two themes:

* personalized support for residents: the Customized
Support Project (CSP) with the training of
establishments’ management teams to pilot this
project and roll it out to all teams in their respective
establishments;

.

Alzheimer’s and other related diseases, with the aim
of understanding the origin and characteristics of
the disease, understanding the pathology so as to
provide better support for residents, knowledge of
related behavioral disorders and, lastly, improvement
in interpersonal communication with the resident and
his or her family.

> Desigual has made skills development central to its
human resource concerns. It has set up a training program
known as “The Scool,” which is available to all employees
in the form of Academies and Centers. The Academies
are multidisciplinary training areas devoted to the brand
and its products. The Centers allow employees to develop
their skills through specialized courses on language,
knowledge, performance and leadership. Three different
teaching methods are used: on-site, in the workplace
or online via a platform accessible by all employees
and available in six languages. In 2014, 50,100 hours of
training were provided to 5,900 participants.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 26 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.1.8 Equal treatment and promotion of diversity

Gender equality

Percentage of women in the permanent workforce
Percentage of women in the permanent workforce in FTE

Percentage of women among managers in the
permanent workforce

Percentage of women in the non-permanent workforce

Percentage of women on the Supervisory Board (SB) or
Board of Directors (BD)

Percentage of women on the first decision-making
body ”

Percentage of women on the second decision-making

Eurazeo and Eurazeo and

Eurazeo SA subsidiaries Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
55% 51% 56% 47%

54% 51% 52% 46%

49% 34% na. na.

50% 26% 25% 23%

27% 19% 27% 16%

25% 18% 20% 13%

1% 30% 10% 21%

body ©

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2013 and 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, it was 100% in 2013 and 2014,
(1) The companies have several aifferent kinds of decision-making bodies, the names of which vary depending on the Company. At Eurazeo, the first decision-making body is the Executive
Board, composed of four members, The second is the Executive Committee, which has nine members.

With 29,288 employees worldwide, Eurazeo has a central role to
play in the promotion of gender equality and diversity in its portfolio
companies.

Measures to promote equal employment

Eurazeo believes that gender equality is a factor in the performance
and competitiveness of companies.

As such, since 2008, it has lent its support to the Rising Talents
program, a unique network of 150 high-potential young women
created through the Women’s Forum for the Economy and Society.
Eurazeo is involved in the selection process of the 20 women who join
the network each year.

In October 2014, Eurazeo also launched Eurazeo Pluriels, a mixed
network that aims to promote and advance gender equality at
Eurazeo, in all portfolio companies and among partners.

Recognizing that gender equality is a factor of collective enrichment,
social cohesion and economic efficiency, Elis France has negotiated
agreements in favor of equality between men and women with
the trade unions. These provisions go beyond the requirements of
the French Labor Code. Measures relating to the balance between
work and family responsibility are also implemented. The proportion
of women hired in managerial positions has increased in France: it
rose from 19% in 2013 to 31% in 2014. At the end of 2014, Elis France
signed new gender equality agreements ushering in measures on
compensation, particularly as regards maternity, paternity and
adoption leave.

Europcar International set up a Gender Equality Commission in
partnership with the works council in 2014. This Commission has
already met several times to review the question of gender equality at
Europcar. Its assessment resulted in the formalization of eight action
plans in favor of gender equality to be deployed in 2015, notably
including the provision of information on employees’ rights in respect
of part-time work, the development of an internal wage classification
grid and a reminder to all male employees of their rights in respect of
paternity and parental education leave.

Péters Surgical signed an agreement on gender equality in 2012,
covering three main areas: compensation, hiring and the balance
between work and family responsibility. In 2014, 25 employees
benefited from flexible working arrangements during the back-to-
school period.

EURAZEO

> Accor’s commitment in favor of the increased presence
of women in its organization was reflected in the
December 2012 launch of Women at Accor Generation,
its international women’s network. The network is open
to both women and men working under the Accor
brand, and comprises eight networks worldwide. The
network, which aims to fight against stereotypes and
self-censorship by women, had nearly 2,500 women
members at the end of 2014. Its action is based on
mentoring women, experience sharing and networking.
Pilot mentoring programs in France, Brazil and Asia had
provided support to 90 women as of the end of 2014.

Measures to promote the integration of people with
disabilities

Elis has a policy favoring the employment of people with disabilities
in the mainstream workplace, notably via subcontracting to
companies that employ people with disabilities (Etablissements ou
Services d/Aide par le Travail - ESAT). It has formed partnerships with
companies of this type in order to submit joint tenders. The service
is subsequently provided in part by Elis and in part by the adapted
enterprise.

In 2014, Elis Germany won an award for the exemplary integration of
disabled employees.

Europcar International aims to promote the employment of people
with disabilities. The prospective job management agreement signed
in April 2014 commits the company to raising the awareness of
managers on the issue of disability. Moreover, the Human Resources
Department is in constant contact with the Occupational Health
service to monitor employees reported as disabled. The aim is to
allow the Human Resources Department to implement individual
measures allowing employees with disabilities to perform their work
under the best conditions, which includes facilitating telework for
some of them.

In five of the six Idéal Résidences establishments, partnerships have
been concluded with companies that employ people with disabilities.
Two contracts were signed in 2014.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 31


--- Page 27 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

As part of the creation of a recycling business, Cap Vert Finance
set up a partnership in 2014 with an adapted enterprise working in
the ecological and social segment, specializing in the recycling and
treatment of waste electric and electronic equipment (WEEE). Three
people with disabilities were hired for this activity.

> At the Groupe Colisée, a disability kit has been
distributed to all establishments to remind them of their
legal requirement to hire disabled employees, to help
them find solutions to better meet this obligation, to
inform employees and raise their awareness of the notion
of disability, and to encourage employees to declare their
own disabilities.

Anti-discrimination policy

In April 2013, Léon de Bruxelles signed the Corporate Diversity
charter, thereby confirming its commitment to promoting diversity
and fighting against discrimination in employment. Léon de Bruxelles
has undertaken to comply with the charter’s three principles:

demonstrate a commitment to non-discrimination and diversity;
@ promote equal opportunity in employment;
¢ improve the company’s performance.

> Accor aims to make diversity a lever of attractiveness,
competitiveness and retention to bolster its growth. Its
international diversity charter has given Accor a group-
wide policy of non-discrimination and equal treatment.

To give managers the keys to hiring based on skills and
diversity, Accor has issued a hiring guide, including a
chapter devoted to disability, available in English, French,
Spanish and Portuguese.

Promotion of and compliance with the fundamental
conventions of the International Labour Organization
(ILO)

Eurazeo promotes compliance with the ILO conventions, and
encourages its subsidiaries to join the United Nations Global Compact
and to adopt a code of conduct or ethics. Eurazeo, a signatory since
early 2014, submitted its Communication on Progress (COP) at the
Advanced level at the end of 2014. Three companies in the Grenelle II
law reporting scope are signatories of the Global Compact: Elis,
Europcar and Eurazeo PME. Outside the Grenelle II law reporting
scope, Accor is a signatory.

Judging by the freedom of association index published by Freedom
House, an NGO, and that of the ILO on forced and child labor, Eurazeo
and its portfolio companies operate mainly in areas with low risk: 3%
of employees are outside Europe. Activities outside Europe on the
regulatory reporting scope are split chiefly between Asia and North
America.

32 EURAZEO

Elis reinforced its commitment to the promotion of human rights in
the relationship with suppliers in 2014 by updating its Sustainable
Purchasing charter, published for the first time in 2013. In consultation
with external stakeholders (including partners such as Max Havelaar),
Elis has reaffirmed its commitment to ensuring compliance with the
ILO conventions and working conditions by its direct and indirect
suppliers.

2.3.2 ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION

Eurazeo analyzes the environmental impacts of its portfolio
companies and measures their materiality every year.

Energy consumption excluding fuel -
826 GWh

Greenhouse gas emissions (scopes 1 and 2)
- 220,400 metrics tons of CO, equivalent

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 28 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Water consumption - 6.6 million m?

Waste production - 18,600 metric tons

3)
| 2)
J

@ Ant Immobilier © Eurazeo PME

Cap Vert Finance @ Europcar

© Dessange International © tdéal Résidences
Elis © Léonde Bruxelles
Eurazeo SA Péters Surgical

2.3.2.1 General environmental policy

e|\eo

Organization of the Company to take into account CSR and methods implemented in respect of the environment

Eurazeo and
CSR organization subsidiaries
Number of portfolio companies with a CSR manager 5
Number of portfolio companies with formalized quantitative CSR goals 2
Number of companies with a CSR charter 5

These data represent the 10 companies included in the reporting scope as defined by the Grenelle It aw.

Eurazeo’s CSR policy is aimed at contributing to each of the three
phases of investment in a portfolio company: during the acquisition
phase, with CSR due diligence; during the support phase, when CSR
is an integral part of long-term value creation; and, lastly during the
divestment period, with vendor CSR due diligence.

CSR policy is a strategic focus for Eurazeo. Its CSR Director reports
to the Secretary of the Executive Board. CSR issues feature on the
Executive Board agenda at least three times per year.

Four working groups composed of Eurazeo and Eurazeo PME
employees were established in 2014 to propose and implement
actions related to the following topics: gender equality, community
involvement, governance and Eurazeo’s CSR exemplarity.

Eurazeo encourages the establishment of a dedicated CSR structure
within its portfolio companies, as a means of demonstrating the
maturity of the company’s CSR policy and accelerating its progress.
This approach is described in detail in Section 2.2.3, p. 23.

EURAZEO

The CSR Committee of Dessange International includes the heads
of all functions (general management, financial, communication,
marketing, production, franchising, human resources, etc.). It meets
twice a year and aims to inform and supervise the group’s CSR
roadmap.

At Elis, networks of correspondents on each operational site manage
the deployment of the CSR policy and environmental approaches,
and provide effective monitoring. At the end of 2014, the international
network had 80 correspondents.

ANF Immobilier established a CSR Committee chaired by the Deputy
CEO in 2014. Its purpose is to draw up and monitor the company’s
CSR strategy.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 33


--- Page 29 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Evaluation and certification process

Several subsidiaries with manufacturing sites have obtained
environmental certification. Seven European subsidiaries of Europcar
and three Elis sites are ISO 14001 certified.

Cap Vert Finance’s Aulnay-sous-Bois site is committed to managing
and improving its environmental impact by obtaining ISO 14001
certification.

ANF Immobilier aims to generalize the environmental certification of
its development projects, for new construction and renovations alike.
In 2014, for instance, its La Fabrique building in Bordeaux and the
office development at Ilot 34 in Marseilles were the subject of NF
HQE (High Environmental Quality) certification. Ambitious energy
performance labels are being sought or have been obtained on the
flagship assets: THPE 2005 (Very High Energy Performance) for the
Nautilus building in Bordeaux and for offices delivered at llot 34, and
Renovation HPE (High Energy Performance) for Milky Way in Lyon.

Moreover, dual NF HQE Commercial Building and BREEAM Very
Good certification is being sought for the Silky Way building, currently
under construction in the Carré de Soie district in Villeurbanne.

1 1
! » Accor has been working on obtaining environmental !
' certification for 10 years. Its objective was to have 40% of '
I hotels (both owned and managed, excluding the budget I
1 segment) certified by 2015. By the end of 2014, 41% of 1
' the network had already achieved ISO 14001 certification, '
' a total of 818 hotels. Adding franchised hotels, Accor '
1 crossed the threshold of 1,000 certified hotels at theend =|
1 of 2014, with 1,081 ISO 14001-certified establishments. 1
' > In late 2013, Desigual’s Nova Bocana store in Barcelona '
1 was awarded LEED Platinum certification, and the
1 Desigual headquarters and its Gava logistics site both 1
' received ISO 14001 certification. '
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1
1 1

> Vignal Lighting Group has received ISO 14001
environmental certification for the following activities:
“design, manufacture and marketing of signaling systems
for commercial vehicles” and “design, manufacture, sales
and trading of projectors, lighting and light signaling.”

2.3.2.2 Pollution and waste management

Discharges into the air

Training and information of employees in
environmental protection

In 2014, Eurazeo organized a CSR awareness-raising meeting for its
portfolio companies on the reporting and monitoring of non-financial
performance.

At Elis, all French-speaking operations managers in charge of
environmental issues attended water, energy and environment
training courses. Moreover, operational managers are made aware of
environmental issues when they join the group.

Expenditure, resources and measures devoted to
compliance and the prevention of environmental
risks and pollution

Eurazeo SA did not incur any compliance expenditure in 2014. Within
the portfolio companies, a combined total of nearly €2 million was
committed to compliance work.

Eurazeo SA did not record any provisions for environmental risks
in 2014. The portfolio companies recorded a combined total of
€15 million in provisions for environmental risks.

Lastly, neither Eurazeo SA nor any of the companies in the
Grenelle II law reporting scope paid any compensation in respect of
environmental disputes in 2014.

No significant environmental risks or pollution have been identified in
direct relationship with Eurazeo’s activity as an investor.

As part of the process of reviewing investment projects, due diligence
on social, environmental and governance issues is conducted
by specialized firms, or internally by the CSR Department. The
risks identified are factored into the investment decision and the
subsequent monitoring of the investment.

Consideration of environmental risks in portfolio companies is dealt
with in Section 3.4.4.4, p. 103.

Eurazeo and
Air emissions (Metric tons) subsidiaries
Sulfur oxide emissions (SO,) 4
Nitrogen oxide emissions (NO) 179

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was between 82% and 89% in 2014.

(1) Source of emission factors: Organization and Methods of the National Atmospheric Emissions Inventory of France (OMINEA), Interprofessional Technical Center for the Study of Atmospheric

Pollution (CITEPA), 2014.

Eurazeo SA does not emit sulfur oxides or nitrogen oxides in the course of its business.

emissions into the air.

34 EURAZEO

> At its production facility in Caen, Vignal Lighting Group has installed surface treatment equipment with a mist eliminator to filter

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 30 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Water and soil discharges

Eurazeo and
Water and soil discharges (In metric tons) subsidiaries
Discharges into water - suspended solids 800
Discharges into water - chemical oxygen demand 4,490
Percentage of water treated 97%

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was between 91% and 92% in 2014.

Eurazeo SA does not produce any water discharge in the course of its business.

Total waste production

Eurazeo SA's annual waste production is estimated at 5.3 metric tons in 2014, of which 3.5 metric tons of paper and cardboard (according to a
study published by the ADEME in 2012).

Eurazeo SA does not produce hazardous waste.

Eurazeo and
Waste production (In metric tons) subsidiaries
Hazardous waste produced 1,900
Non-hazardous waste produced 16,700
Total waste 18,600

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was between 79% and 91% in 2014.

Waste recycling

Eurazeo recycled 3.5 metric tons of waste in 2014, at an annual cost of €26,340.

Eurazeo and
Waste treatment subsidiaries
Percentage of hazardous waste recovered 36%
Percentage of hazardous waste recycled 32%
Percentage of non-hazardous waste recovered 47%
Percentage of non-hazardous waste recycled “” 36%
Amount spent on the treatment of waste (in millions of euros) 26
Amount generated by the recovery of waste (Inmillions of euros) 07

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was between 78% and 91% in 2014.

(1) Recycled waste is a subcategory of recovered waste.
Waste prevention, reduction and disposal measures To reduce waste, Elis has taken the following initiatives:
Paper is the biggest source of waste for Eurazeo. According to ¢ waste sorting at the source where possible to favor recycling or
ADEME statistics, an employee in the services industry in France recovery;
produces between 120kg and 140kg of waste on average each year @ reduction of the production of used textiles at the source through
in his or her place of work, of which between 70% and 85% is paper the establishment of an internal linen exchange;

and cardboard. ¢@ partnership with the “rag trade” with a view to promoting

Eurazeo has accordingly partnered with Cédre for the management recycling for work clothes;
and recycling of paper and cardboard. The 3.5 metric tons of paper
and cardboard recycled in 2014 represents the saving of 59 trees or
1,900kg of CO, equivalent.

¢ recovery of empty packaging as part of the service provided by
detergent suppliers;

¢ distribution of an updated memo on the management of waste

Europcar prepares the second life of the majority of its fleet from electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) in 2014.

the time of purchase, by guaranteeing the buyback of vehicles by

manufacturers. In 2014, over 92% of vehicles purchased by Europcar

worldwide, and 93% in France alone, were purchased subject to

buyback agreements with manufacturers.

EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 35


--- Page 31 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

In each of the last five years, Léon de Bruxelles has taken action to
reduce waste. For the recycling of biowaste, five Léon de Bruxelles
restaurants took part in a study in 2011 on the quantification of
biowaste in the restaurant industry, conducted by the National
Restaurant Industry Group with the support of ADEME. This
study was used to calculate a ratio specific to Léon de Bruxelles
restaurants (133g of biowaste per meal). Based on this ratio, a total of
approximately 774 metric tons of organic waste is produced per year.
The approach is implemented voluntarily by restaurants: four Léon de
Bruxelles restaurants sort and recover biowaste.

Cap Vert Finance stands out as a major player in the recycling of
computer equipment, and as such of waste electrical and electronic
equipment (WEEE), thereby contributing to its reduction. Recycling,
maintenance and second-hand sales can avert a new round of
production by manufacturers. In 2014, 196 metric tons were recycled,
including 28 metric tons of raw materials, and 2,400 items were
upgraded and put back on the market.

At Dessange International, studies conducted in two salons in 2014
were used to estimate the annual tonnage of major sources of waste:
aerosols, shampoo bottles, tubes of dyes and soiled gloves. Following
these studies, the next step for Dessange International will be to
establish a sorting solution in salons for subsidiaries and franchisee
networks.

At the Dessange International industrial site located in Guidel, in
France, 12 permanent sorting pathways allow the recycling of all
recyclable waste and treatment of all other waste (86% recovered).
For example, wooden pallets are either reused for export or recycled
by a specialized company.

2.3.2.3. Sustainable use of resources

> Vignal Lighting Group is working to reduce the
consumption of its main raw material, poly-methyl
methacrylate, by measuring daily injection and assembly
scrap at its site in Vénissieux. Thus, the scrap rate fell by
32% between 2011 and 2014, through action on tooling,
injection processes for taillights and bonding processes.

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
> With the introduction of a client extranet in 2012 anda |
major paperless document project started in 2013, Foncia 1
has set the goal of reducing its paper consumption !
and postage costs by 35% by the end of 2016. Foncia I
offices generally send out more than 20 million letters 1
every year, the equivalent of roughly 100 million pages. 1

In 2014, the paperless program was implemented in 75% '

of offices in France; the rate is expected to reach 100% '

by 2016. |

1

Account taken of noise and other forms of pollution
specific to an activity
Elis aims to reduce noise caused by its industrial activity.

Soundproofing work is regularly conducted (roofs, extraction
chimneys, vents) on sites identified as sensitive.

2.3.2.3.1 Water consumption and action to optimize water consumption

Eurazeo and
Water consumption (In millions of m’) subsidiaries
Water consumption 6.6
Amount spent on water consumption (In millions of euros) 58
Volume of water discharged 49
Volume of water treated (internally or externally) 47

The coverage rate for Eurazeo and subsidiaries was between 65% and 85% in 2013, and between 86% and 93% in 2014.

The exposure of Eurazeo portfolio companies to the issue of water varies depending on their sector and the area in which they operate. Elis
accounts for the majority of water consumed by Eurazeo and subsidiaries, i.e. 92%.

36 EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 32 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Water consumption ratio of the Elis group
(In liters per kg of laundry)

2009 2010-201 2012-2013, 20h

Elis reduced its water consumption by 2.3% per kilo of laundry group-
wide in 2014 compared with 2013.

Optimization measures performed by Elis in 2014 were based on:

@ regular monitoring of plant water meters to prevent water loss;

¢ water audits;

¢ optimization of washing equipment and related washing programs;
@ recycling of washing equipment.

On most sites, industrial water is routinely pretreated or treated on-
site before being discharged into municipal systems and treated by
a municipal wastewater treatment plant. In France, the discharge of
industrial effluent is governed by a discharge agreement or order
and by an operating license issued by the local prefecture for sites
subject to registration or authorization requirements. The quality
of discharges is also subject to self-monitoring conducted by each
production site in France. Similar systems are in place in Germany,
Belgium, Spain and Italy.

The main actions taken to prevent the risk of pollution are:

¢ establishment of closure systems;

¢@ dedicated areas for the unloading and storage of detergents;
@ storage of goods in secure areas;
°

provision of personal protective equipment for jobs exposed to
risk;

EURAZEO

¢ operator training on chemical risks, training and specific
authorizations for certain types of work, training of maintenance
managers on the risk of pollution;

¢@ display and implementation of safety procedures (fire hazard,
chemical hazards);

¢@ regular evacuation drills;
@ regular inspections of installations covered by the regulation.

In France, Elis continued the deployment of the national program
to reduce hazardous substances in water, with the establishment on
the relevant sites of initial or permanent supervision of a number of
micro-pollutants measured in industrial discharges.

Europcar has implemented an investment program to modernize
its facilities and reduce the environmental footprint of its activities,
particularly with respect to water management. Since 2013, most
Europcar washing stations have been equipped with modern water
recycling systems or hydrocarbon separators.

At Léon de Bruxelles, restaurant water meters have been read and
analyzed weekly since 2013 in order to identify excessive water
consumption based on theoretical consumption specific to each
restaurant. This approach reduced consumption by 11% between 2012
and 2014.

For Dessange International, the installation of aerators on hair-
washing stations in a pilot salon has reduced the salon’s annual water
consumption by 19% compared with 2013. Subsidiary salons are
currently being equipped. Tests were also conducted on the use of
water in all subsidiary salons in partnership with L’Oréal to determine
indications based on services provided (shampoo, coloring, etc.)
and salon layout. This experiment highlighted the issue of water
consumption related to the rinsing of coloring products, which
account for over 40% of the water consumed during a typical service.

> Vignal Lighting Group has undertaken several initiatives
to reduce its water consumption, including the
integration of a water monitoring indicator showing liter
consumption per square meter treated on the Caen site,
a review of the installation and a modification of the test
procedure for the sprinkler system on the Vénissieux site.
A 7% reduction in water consumption compared with
2013 has been measured at the Vénissieux site.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 37


--- Page 33 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Water supply depending on local constraints

The distribution of freshwater resources is very uneven throughout
the world; the risk of shortages can be a source of political and social
tension. Water stress analysis can be used to assess the situation by
looking at needs in relation to available resources.

To play its part in the collective effort to reduce water consumption
in case of drought, Elis conducted studies on a site in the greater
Paris area to identify ways to reduce water consumption during
alert periods. These exceptional measures are combined with the
deployment of sustainable measures to reduce water consumption.

» Access to water is a major challenge for a group like
Accor, which operates in 92 countries and whose annual
consumption averages 15,000 cubic meters of water per
hotel. In 2014, Accor conducted a study to assess water-
related risks and the availability of water in the Group's
various operating regions. The results showed that 1% of
Accor hotels are located in arid regions, and 26% in areas
experiencing high or very high levels of water scarcity.
This analysis will enable Accor to focus plans to reduce
water consumption on areas at risk.

2.3.2.3.2 Raw material consumption and measures
taken to improve the efficiency of their
utilization

Within portfolio companies, the most widely used raw materials vary
in relation to the specific nature of each business activity.

The most widely used raw material at Elis is the fabric made available
to clients in the rental and maintenance of linen. To maximize the life
of its textiles, Elis has established dashboards to allow it to monitor
the main fabric management indicators, ensure optimal use of existing
stock and manage purchases of new linen. In 2014, headquarters
teams focused on controlling and improving the rate of mending and
reuse of fabrics, thereby helping centers improve their performance.
An internal “linen exchange” has been established between the
different centers, promoting exchanges between facilities.

At Léon de Bruxelles, orders of mussels are managed on the basis of
a consumption ratio determined based on the origin of the product
and activity. Deliveries are made near-daily, thereby ensuring that
customers receive fresh mussels, while limiting losses. Work on
business forecasts allows better management of the quantities
ordered. The National Union of Themed and Commercial Restaurants
(Syndicat national de la restauration thématique et commercial
- SNRTC), of which Léon de Bruxelles is a member, pledged in
June 2013 to implement the commitments made under the national
pact against food waste in France.

2.3.2.3.3 Energy consumption and measures to improve energy efficiency

Eurazeo and
Energy consumption excluding fuel (In MWh) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Electricity 378 156,422
Renewable energies 55 6,026
Natural gas fe) 645,693
Heavy fuel oil and heating oil fe) 7,845
Other energy ® fe) 10,358
Total energy consumption 433 826,344
Energy expenditure (In millions of euros) 0.05 47

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, coverage rates were 87% for electricity, 82% for natural gas, 77% for heavy fuel oil and heating oil, and

78% for other energy in 2014.
(1) Excluding renewable energies.
(2) Other gases, district heating and cooling.

Eurazeo and
Fuel consumption (In m’) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Gasoline 4 2,489
Diesel 5 22,176
Total fuel 9 24,665
Fuel expenditure (In millions of euros) 0.01 30

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, coverage rates were 98% for gasoline and 94% for diesel in 2014.

38 EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 34 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Elis accounts for the largest proportion of the water consumed by
Eurazeo and subsidiaries, i.e. 67%.

As part of CEMARS international certification in the United Kingdom,
Europcar has set a target reduction of more than 5,000 metric tons
of CO, equivalent in its consumption of gas and electricity by 2015. In
France, Europcar continues to increase the share of efficient vehicles.
It had a fleet of 450 hybrid vehicles and 12 electric vehicles in 2014.

Elis has long used natural gas to power its steam equipment. It
continued its optimizing measures in 2014, improving its thermal
energy ratio (kWh natural gas/kg of linen treated) by 4% in France
and 3.5% in Europe. The replacement of old plants with more efficient
facilities made a significant contribution to this performance.

Thermal energy consumption ratio
of the Elis group (In kWh/kg of laundry)

175

150 ||

125 | L

20092010201 202-2013, 20%

Elis continues its efforts to reduce thermal energy consumption per
kilo of laundry delivered, by:

¢@ publishing a good practice guide;
@ performing regular energy diagnostics;

¢ centrally managing energy indicators, with targets for reducing
consumption set annually for each center;

¢ rigorously monitoring equipment (including verification of yields);

¢@ investing in equipment enabling energy recovery or lower
consumption (thermal exchangers, burners and latest generation
drying equipment consuming less gas, systematic installation of
gas meters, installation of low pressure boilers);

@ commissioning energy audits by third parties (two sites in the
greater Paris area in 2014).

To reduce fuel consumption in 2014, the Elis logistics department
optimized its delivery and pick-up rounds, especially in inner and
suburban Paris, as well as in Spain and Germany, countries where
expansion has made it necessary to improve its logistics structure.
Furthermore, the anticipation of seasonal variations in activity
throughout south-east France (from Montpellier to Monaco) has
made it possible to adapt rounds to the various times of the year.

EURAZEO

In total, nearly 40 centers had their logistics organization optimized,
with a reduction of around 30 transportation circuits.

Léon de Bruxelles continued its energy-saving measures, particularly
in the context of restaurant openings:

¢ the new buildings use less energy (optimized surface, change in
materials) than the old ones;

¢ five of the six restaurants opened in 2014 were equipped with
solar panels to preheat domestic hot water, bringing to 23 the
total number of restaurants fitted;

@ the six restaurants opened in 2014 are equipped with induction
ovens to reduce electricity consumption and improve comfort
for employees, bringing to 10 the total number of restaurants
equipped.

Action is also taken when restaurants are renovated (two restaurants

in 2014):

¢@ replacement of high-voltage fluorescent tubes with low-
consumption light bulbs;

¢ replacement of spotlights by LED masters.

All subsidiaries and salons of Dessange International now use LED
lighting in order to reduce energy consumption related to salon
lighting.

1
' > Foncia has taken many initiatives to help its clients meet
I the challenges of the energy transition. It anticipated
1 the regulatory obligation of carrying out energy audits
1 by putting them on the agenda of general meetings
1 throughout 2014 (almost 8,000 properties concerned).
! To raise awareness among its customers, Foncia made
' this theme a focus of joint property management
1 meetings held in 112 offices in March 2014. In addition,
1 joint property management teams are trained in the
' challenges of energy renovation. Foncia took an active
' part in the development of the training module designed
1 by Apogée (French Institute of Property Management)
1 at the request of the Green Building Plan and partially
1 funded by ADEME. It has also been an active member
' of the “Joint Property Management” group of the Green
I Building Plan since early 2014.

1 > In 2014, Vignal Lighting Group conducted a study with
! ADEME to identify potential energy savings on the
! renovation of the main electrical motors of its Caen site.
I Another study was carried out to reduce the electricity
1 consumption of injection molding machines.

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

> Accor has developed a methodology for optimizing the
use of technical installations aimed at reducing water
and energy expenditure: measurement, collaborative
analysis, identification of potential savings and concrete
action plans. Launched in 2010, this program, known as
BOOST, had achieved savings of €6.2 million across the
Group as a whole by the end of 2014.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 39


--- Page 35 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.2.3.4 Land use and prevention and mitigation
measures taken to prevent soil discharges

Land use and impacts fall into the due diligence performed by
Eurazeo as part of its acquisition process when there are production
sites and/or when hazardous products are used. Diagnostics and
impact studies are also performed when opening new facilities.

Elis takes measures to prevent any risk of soil pollution. Detergents
are unpackaged on concrete surfaces with retaining walls. Products
used in the washing process are stored under conditions designed to
prevent accidental spillage on soil (retention basins, leakage sensors,
etc.). All necessary measures are taken to protect water abstraction
installations at sites using borehole water. Waste dumpsters (mainly
non-hazardous waste) are placed on concrete surfaces.

2.3.2.4 Climate change

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

At Europcar Portugal, absorbents for use in emergencies (fuel leaks
for instance) have been replaced by sand, which has less of an impact
‘on the environment. All new stations equipped with washing areas
now follow this standard. In Spain, potentially weak tanks have
been replaced by double-wall tanks with integrated leak detection
mechanisms and real-time monitoring via the internet. A review of
the system is underway to prepare its deployment across the entire
network.

> Vignal Lighting Group has laid down specific protocols
to prevent soil pollution risk, and to minimize the
consequences of accidental spillage. The Caen site has
equipment suitable for the management of pollution risk:
a system of fixed or mobile retention walls has been set
up for the storage of chemicals, and silt storage units
have been installed.

Eurazeo and Eurazeo and
GHC emissions ® (in metric tons of CO2 equivalent) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Measurement of the GHG footprint in the last
three years yes 5 no 2
Scope 1 21 198,016 7 210,581
Scope 2 26 22,384 22 40,347
Total 47 220,400 39 250,928
Emissions - energy consumption excluding fuel 26 155,400 22 179,565
Emissions - fuel consumption 21 65,000 17 71,363

The coverage rate for Eurazeo SA was 100% in 2013 and 2014; for Eurazeo and subsidiaries, it was between 86% and 98% in 2013, and between 82% and 97% in 2014.

(1) The emissions factors used to convert the data to CO2 emissions come from the Intergovernment, Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 2006 (combustibles and fue), and the International
Energy Agency (IEA) (electricity consumption, in accordance with the methodology of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol

(2) Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from fuel consumption on site (as, ol, etc), fuel consumption in vehictes and leakage of refrigerant substances.

(3) Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions caused by the generation of electricity, steam, heating or cooling bought and consumed.

Adapting to the impact of climate change

Sixty-four employees work in Eurazeo’s offices in Paris. Environmental
impacts relate to office activities, namely air, train and car travel,
electricity consumption and waste production.

Eurazeo aims to be exemplary on its own scope, and is committed
to reducing its energy consumption. Its offices have BREEAM
certification, motion detectors have been installed for lighting, and
the carpet was replaced with a product containing 70% polyester
recycled from plastic bottles.

For certain companies in Eurazeo’s portfolio, industrial activities
dependent on fossil fuels are vulnerable to changes in the prices of
energy and raw materials. Traditional businesses must adapt to limit
the consequences of climate change.

40 EURAZEO

Elis has performed greenhouse gas emission assessments at its five
main French subsidiaries, in line with the Grenelle II requirements.
It continues its efforts to reduce water and energy consumption
per kilogram of laundry delivered (see Sections 2.3.2.3.1, p. 37, and
2.3.2.3.3, p. 39).

Europcar achieved its objectives in terms of reducing its carbon
footprint through initiatives with its carmaker partners aimed at
increasing the proportion of fleet vehicles with low CO, emissions.
Through its carbon emissions offset program and by maintaining an
average fleet age of less than seven months since 2008, Europcar
continue to reduce the average CO, emissions of its vehicles to
124 grams per kilometer traveled in 2013 and 120 grams per kilometer
traveled in 2014, a reduction of 11% compared with 2011.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 36 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Average CO, emissions (g/km) of the Europcar fleet

170

160

150

140

130

120

10

100
°
ee gt

lm) CO, (¢/km)

(1) Countries included: Belgium, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Portugal and UK.

Europcar assists customers in their choice of vehicle through an
ecological rating reflecting vehicles’ GHG emission levels on its
websites. The CO, emission rate is also displayed on customer
invoices. Moreover, Europcar has set up a dedicated website to raise
customer awareness on environmental issues.

Europcar has partnered with WeForest to offer customers the
possibility of offsetting their CO, emissions when renting a Europcar
vehicle. Funds collected are used to finance sustainable energy
projects. WeForest is an international non-profit organization
committed to the fight against climate change. Its action is based on
the implementation throughout the world of sustainable reforestation
projects based on permaculture. The inclusion of this type of CO,
emission offset program from the vehicle reservation stage fosters
the active involvement of customers in the group’s environmental
approach. The principle is simple: whenever they make a booking,
customers are asked to donate 50 cents, with Europcar making
a matching contribution, to allow the planting of two trees in the
Burkina Faso desert. As of the end of 2014, nearly 30,000 trees had
been planted, absorbing 12 metric tons of CO).

Dessange International has sought to limit the carbon footprint of
its shipments to the rest of France from its industrial site in Guidel,
in Brittany, by favoring road transport over air. Since 2013, 99% of
shipments within France have been made by road, assigned to
carriers committed to a carbon offset approach.

> On Vignal Lighting Group’s Vénissieux site, the ratio
of kilometers traveled to the amount of purchases was
cut by 40% between 2008 and 2013 by streamlining
the panel of suppliers and optimizing the location of
providers and fill rates. This reduction allowed for a
significant improvement of the environmental impact.

EURAZEO

ow Wh Sl

Pgh ge ye

2.3.2.5 Protection of biodiversity

At Dessange International, an average of 80% of the active
ingredients used in the Phytodess range of treatments are natural,
and some are responsibly sourced through a partnership with Man &
Nature. Founded in 1993, this NGO specializes in the preservation of
biodiversity and the involvement of disadvantaged local populations.
It works in areas where biodiversity is threatened, to show that
environmental conservation and human development can go hand
in hand,

Léon de Bruxelles has integrated supplies of local vegetables in
season, sourced from responsible farms and produced within 200km
of distribution platforms. For restaurants in Paris and the greater Paris
area, short circuits correspond to 28,954 metric tons of supplies, or
nearly 12% of annual tonnage.

Léon de Bruxelles’s upstream suppliers in the mussel industry are also
onboard. Their actions include:

@ reducing the weight of mussel trays and/or cardboard boxes;

@ ongoing research on the reuse of byssus, mother of pearl and
mussel meat;

certification (Marine Stewardship Council, Organic, ISO and Irish
Quality Mussel).

ANF Immobilier wishes to make the preservation of biodiversity
an integral part of its property development projects. An initial
diagnosis of biodiversity is in progress on a dozen flagship assets.
Green terraces and roofs have already been installed at Milky Way
(150 sq.m.) in Lyon; as well as Nautilus (200 sq.m.) and La Fabrique
in Bordeaux, and will be installed at Silky Way (under construction).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 4|


--- Page 37 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

> Accor preserves ecosystems and supports local communities near its hotels, with 4 million trees planted in 21 countries since 2009.
As part of its Plant for the Planet program, customers are encouraged to reuse their towels when staying more than one night.

the money saved on laundry is donated to reforestation projects.

2.3.3. SOCIETAL INFORMATION

2.3.3.1 Territorial, economic and social
impact of the activity

Beyond their production of goods or services, and their economic,
environmental and social footprints, companies make a contribution

1
1
1
1
I Plant for the Planet is a unique program in the hotel industry, based on the joint involvement of customers and hotel staff. Half of
1
1

to society. The societal footprint is often seen in a reductive light,
confined to philanthropy, financial support for associations and
institutions, and dialogue with stakeholders.

Eurazeo wishes to present a broader vision of its societal footprint to
showcase the many different kinds of contributions that companies
make to their ecosystem, including the value they create for civil
society, in the light of its impacts on ecosystems.

Eurazeo and

Societal footprint (in millions of euros) Eurazeo SA subsidiaries
Contribution to purchasing power Number of employees (permanent and non-permanent) 64 29,288
Payroll 18.8 781
Funding for the community Employer social security contributions “ 12.3 247.6
Taxes and duties © 3 73.4
Contribution to economic activity Purchases °° 14 1902.5
Contribution to civil society Amount spent on social actions 0.3 47
Amounts spent on societal actions - Partnerships and
sponsorship 07 1
Contribution to the business climate Number of companies with a code of ethics/code of
conduct/anti-corruption code 1 5
Number of companies with an Audit Committee 1 7

(1), Data corresponds to financially consolidated sub-groups (for example, acquisitions made by portfolio companies in 2014 are included).

2.3.3.2 Relations with individuals and
organizations interested by the
Company’s activities

Conditions of stakeholder dialogue

Governance is one of the pillars of Eurazeo’s CSR strategy,
underscoring the Group's belief that governance is a key factor in the
success and survival of businesses.

Stakeholder dialogue is an essential part of good governance.

In 2013, Eurazeo assessed the dialogue conducted with its
stakeholders through mapping and a survey of the processes and
tools of its dialogue.

Eurazeo’s stakeholders fall into six broad categories:

1. Shareholders: Eurazeo has a structured and ongoing dialogue
with its shareholders. Meetings were held with more than 300
institutions in 2014, an increase of 31% compared with 2013. A total
of 36 days were dedicated to road shows and conferences (an
increase of 6% compared with 2013) in 14 regions worldwide, with
particular emphasis on the United States and the organization of
a road show in China for the second consecutive year. A feedback
process is in place with brokers. Lastly, a dedicated call center is
available to answer questions from shareholders.

42 EURAZEO

2. Employees: elections for employee representatives were held
in 2014, and representatives from each category were elected.
Following these elections, a works council was established, and
operating and social activity budgets were allocated. Coordination
meetings between the works council and management are held
every month.

As the team comprises approximately 60 employees, dialogue
is based on proximity and trust between Eurazeo’s management
and its employees. In addition to ongoing informal dialogue,
an annual performance appraisal process is in place. The list of
criteria is formalized, accepted and transparent.

3 Managers of portfolio companies: Eurazeo is in regular contact
with the managers of its portfolio companies. Monthly meetings
are held with each company to ensure an ongoing exchange
between management teams and Eurazeo.

4 Non-financial evaluation and communication agencies and
institutions: Eurazeo responds to questionnaires from leading
evaluation agencies and institutions. It has been a signatory of the
Principles for Responsible Investment of the United Nations (PRI)
since 2011, and has completed its annual evaluation questionnaire
since that date.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 38 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

5 NGOs, think-tanks and trade bodies: Eurazeo supports several ¢ Centre Primo Levi provides medical and psychological care, as

organizations. As part of this commitment, Eurazeo has made it a
principle to see its support in a long-term perspective, contributing
sums that will enable the association to have a significant impact
in its field. Eurazeo is also very involved in think-tanks and leading
professional bodies in France. It is an active member of several
professional associations, the French Association of Investors
for Growth (Association Fran¢aise des Investisseurs pour la
Croissance - AFIC).

6 Service providers and suppliers: in its purchasing practices,
Eurazeo ensures that it does not represent too significant a part
of the activity of its contractors and suppliers.

well as social and legal support, to men, women and children
who are victims of torture seeking asylum in France. Its health
center sees about 300 patients every year, and dispenses over
6,000 consultations free of charge. Eurazeo has supported this
association since 2007.

Gustave Roussy Institute is the leading center in the fight
against cancer in Europe. Its “Revolution Cancer” campaign is
a unique human adventure bringing together physicians and
researchers, major donors and patients receiving personalized
treatment. Eurazeo has supported this association since 2010.

Human Rights Watch is a leading independent international
organization dedicated to the protection and defense of human

Partnership and corporate sponsorship actions

In 2014, Eurazeo drew up a new sponsorship strategy focusing on the
theme of education. The new program will be implemented in 2015.
A contribution system to acknowledge and encourage employee ¢@ Mécénat Chirurgie Cardiaque Enfants du Monde (MCC) helps
involvement with associations will also be established in 2015. children with heart defects come to France for surgery when they

cannot be treated in their home country due to a lack of financial

rights. Virginie Morgon, Deputy CEO of Eurazeo, is a member of
the Human Rights Watch Support Committee in Paris. Eurazeo
has supported this association since 2012.

in June 2014, a day-long meeting with associations was organized to and technical resources. Each month, MCC welcomes children in
involve Eurazeo employees in the process of selecting organizations

. 7 . nine cities across France. Eurazeo began supporting MCC in 2014.
to support. The recommendations resulting from this meeting were | .
taken into account when setting the budget. ¢ Solidarités Nouvelles face au Ch6mage (SNC) seeks to show that

unemployment can be beaten. Its 1,600 volunteers help 2,700
job seekers every year. For people who fail to find a place in the
labor market, SNC creates and funds temporary jobs in partner

Eurazeo gave support to several organizations in 2014:

¢@ Académie Christophe Tiozzo, a non-profit organization that aims

to promote the sport of boxing in deprived areas. The Academy
has a national network of four clubs and fourteen affiliated clubs
committed to complying with its charter. Eurazeo has supported
this association since 2010.

¢@ Agence du Don en nature has established a platform linking
industry and charities for the collection of unused non-food
goods and their redistribution to organizations battling

organizations. Eurazeo has supported this association since 2006.

Sport dans la Ville has developed its Entrepreneurs in the City
program to support business creation, allowing young people
from disadvantaged areas to receive training at EMLYON, a
business school. Eurazeo has supported this association since
2009.

Its partnership with the Women’s Forum for the Economy and
Society expresses Eurazeo’s commitment to gender equality. Since
2008, Eurazeo has supported the Rising Talents program, which
identifies young women from diverse backgrounds and countries
who have the potential to become leading figures in the world of
tomorrow. The community currently has 150 members.

exclusion. Eurazeo has supported this association since 2012.

¢@ Apprentis d’Auteuil promotes programs in France and
internationally to host, educate, train and integrate young people
and vulnerable families, and to give them what they need most:
confidence. The association offers personalized support to

the young people entrusted to it. Eurazeo has supported this
association since 2008.

Financial support (In thousands of euros) Eurazeo SA
Amount allocated to associations and NGOs 330°
Amount allocated to think-tanks, forums and institutions 205
Amount allocated to cultural patronage 32
Amount allocated to professional bodies ng @
Total amounts allocated 686
Average duration of support for associations and NGOs (Inyears) 42
Percentage of associations and NGOs supported for three years or longer 67%
(1) Of which €85,000 paid in respect of 2015. This amount excludes financial support for Apprentis d'Autevil, which is allocated via the French apprenticeship tax.

(2) Of which €83,000 paid in respect of 2015.
EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 43


--- Page 39 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

In 2014, Eurazeo and its subsidiaries together devoted more than
€1 million to societal actions, and supported a total of 88 associations.

ANF Immobilier has supported Regional Business Partner for
Integration Clubs (Clubs Régionaux d’Entreprises Partenaires pour
I'Insertion - CREPI) since 2008. This commitment manifests itself
notably through the sponsorship of young adults with no or very few
qualifications, to help them in their search for a job. The sponsor/
beneficiary relationship is based on ongoing dialogue, personalized
support, regular availability and mutual trust. The sponsor sees the
beneficiary in his workplace to give advice in his or her efforts to
find a job. In 2014, four young people received assistance from two
employees of ANF Immobilier.

For more than six years, Cap Vert Finance has partnered with
Tanat, an NGO, to create a school in Abalak, Niger. As an extension
of this project, Cap Vert Finance provided second-hand computers
to students, thereby combining recycling and social commitment.
Eleven classes were equipped in 2014.

Dessange International's sponsorship policies cover three areas:

¢ Support for field activities for people and the environment. Through
the “1% for the Planet” program, the Group has pledged to donate
1% of its annual revenue from the Phytodess brand to NGOs active
in this field. In 2014, this commitment translated into support for
Initiatives Océanes (collection of waste on beaches) and Man &
Nature (second year of supporting a project in Madagascar aimed
at preserving biodiversity, with the involvement of disadvantaged
local populations).

¢@ Support for societal action in France. Dessange International
supports Cosmetic Executive Women (CEW) for the creation
and spread of Beauty Centers for women undergoing medical
treatment (20 eurocents are donated to CEW for each Dessange
International hair care & grooming product sold). It also donates
products to Agence du Don en Nature (ADN) for redistribution to
other associations.

¢ Support for hairdresser training. The Dessange brand is a partner
of the National Institute for Young Deaf People (/nstitut National
des Jeunes Sourds - INJS) and the Camille Albane brand of the
Apprentis d’Auteuil.

Léon de Bruxelles has partnered with Action Enfance for the last seven
years, and has provided total support of more than €350,000. The
association provides a home for children (brothers and sisters) at risk,
and protects and educates them from early childhood to adulthood.
In 2014, Léon de Bruxelles offered its customers and suppliers the
chance to purchase solidarity bracelets in 76 restaurants. The €22,378
raised will fund six fully equipped kitchens in one of the Foundation’s
new Villages.

44 EURAZEO

»  Desigual launched a solidarity program for the education
of young people in 2009, with a local dimension. With
its partner Fundacion Exit, Desigual has created its own
project, the eDuo program. The aim is to give young
people pre-professional experience by combining school
with training in a Desigual store. In 2013 and 2014,
three cycles of the eDuo program were held with 38
participants. In 2014, the eDuo program was renamed
“Dual training.” It benefited 21 young people as part of
an agreement signed between the Catalan government's
Education Department and Fundacion Exit in May 2014.
This is the first such agreement signed in Spain in
connection with young people at risk of dropping out of
school.

> Asmodee has since 2006 been involved in concrete
actions to support extremely disadvantaged people,
particularly through its participation in funding an
orphanage in Bamako, Mali, through Action Mali. In
addition, approximately 500 games are donated annually
to social organizations and associations working in
disadvantaged suburbs in France.

> In 2014, the Groupe Colisée took several sponsorship
initiatives, including donations to the Ambassadeurs
de |'Aquitaine endowment fund, Enfants de Ngaye, the
French Institute, the Marciac Jazz Festival and UNICEF,
for a total amount of €103,500.

Photography patronage

For over 10 years, Eurazeo has been committed to supporting
photography. This commitment is expressed notably through the
acquisition of the original works featured in our Annual Report.

In 2010, Eurazeo took this policy a step further by creating a
competition to reward the work of a professional or student
photographer ona given theme. In 2014, the theme of the fifth edition
was “the decisive moment.” This year, the jury awarded the prize to
Hans Silvester for his series of photographs of the people of the Omo
Valley in Ethiopia.

Eurazeo’s interest in supporting the arts goes beyond this competition.
In 2014, Eurazeo welcomed Georges Rousse, a photographer who
presented a humanitarian project supported by Eurazeo in which
he brought together young people from the suburbs of Lyons and
from the slums of Mumbai. For two weeks, children, young adults and
volunteers worked together to create a work of art.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 40 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

2.3.3.3 Sub-contractors and suppliers

Inclusion of social and environmental issues in the purchasing policy

Responsible purchasing policy

Intellectual services account for more than 50% of Eurazeo’s
purchases, followed by equipment, office supplies and services, and
transportation.

All paper consumed is sourced from forests certified for their
sustainable management. To collect used paper, Eurazeo works with
a company that employs people with disabilities or who are having
difficulty finding steady employment.

During due diligence, Eurazeo pays particular attention to the
purchasing policy, and to compliance with the conventions of the
International Labour Organization (ILO) across the entire supply
chain. Assessments are tailored by sector to reflect the specific issues
and risks facing each business.

Responsible purchasing is one of the key areas that Eurazeo aims to
strengthen in its portfolio companies.

For this purpose, specific “responsible procurement” workshops are
organized for portfolio companies to assist them in the process and to
promote the routine submission of CSR questionnaires to suppliers, in
addition to audits in the field.

For the first year, dedicated responsible purchasing indicators
were included in CSR reporting. This resulted in the identification
of approximately 24,000 tier 1 suppliers in 2014, of which 20% are
located in France and 65% in Europe (excluding France). Monitoring
will be fine-tuned in 2015 as part of the responsible purchasing
project.

As part of its various CSR projects, Europcar has established a
sustainable development charter for suppliers. Since 2013, it has been
appended to all contracts signed by Europcar International with its
suppliers and business partners.

Europcar is actively committed to sustainable development. It
promotes a set of core values relating to human rights, labor
standards, the environment and the fight against corruption, and
has implemented a policy of referencing its suppliers, taking their
environmental, safety, and health and ethical commitments into
account.

At Elis, the Purchasing Department plays an important role
throughout the world in selecting suppliers, products and services
that respect people and the environment.

Since 2006, Elis supplier contracts have included sustainable
development guidelines, and provided for regular audits. Elis’s
commitment is detailed in a sustainable purchasing charter included
in the Purchasing Department’s ISO 9001/2000 documents and
appended to contracts signed with partners. Suppliers that do not
have SA 8000 or ISO 14001 certification (or equivalent) are audited
at Elis's request by an independent body. The group subsequently
monitors the implementation of action plans arising from these
audits.

Most Elis suppliers are located outside Europe.

Settlement periods - Eurazeo SA (In thousands of euros)

In two purchasing segments, Elis maintains extensive sourcing in
France:

39% of table linen was purchased in France in 2014 (36% in 2013);
52% of bed linen was purchased in France in 2014 (55% in 2013).

A responsible purchasing policy has been established for Dessange
International's Phytodess brand. The product is made predominantly
from natural active ingredients, and the brand is committed to
developing sourcing for these ingredients that is respectful of
people and the environment. To this end, special attention is paid
to the selection of suppliers producing the ingredients used. In
2014, significant effort was devoted to reinforcing the process and
continuing the work of selecting suppliers.

> Desigual formalized a responsible purchasing policy
in 2009. Before signing a purchase contract, Desigual
asks its prospective suppliers to sign a code of conduct
(updated in 2014) encompassing the key international
standards, and addressing issues such as ethics, human
rights, health, environment and community relations. Key
suppliers are subject to annual social audits conducted
by an independent body. For example, 60 suppliers in
India and China representing over 80% of production
were audited in 2013, and 46 suppliers representing 65%
of production were audited in 2014. Action plans and
monitoring systems are then prepared and shared with
all stakeholders.

> The Groupe Colisée systematically spells out environmental
and social criteria in its tenders. Since the end of 2014,
all new contracts have included a requirement that the
supplier have an environmental and societal policy.

> When qualifying suppliers, Vignal Lighting Group is
committed to having them sign and comply with its
CSR charter. Suppliers that have signed the CSR charter
account for 80% of purchases for the design of lights
and signaling systems. The goal for 2015 is to ensure
that providers themselves establish CSR charters so as
to leverage the process across their own supply chains.

< 30-day
statutory period

< 60-day

agreed period > 60 days

Trade payables as of December 31, 2014
Trade payables as of December 31, 2013

5S 454 566
716 409 318

EURAZEO

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 45


--- Page 41 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Information relative to social, societal and environmental performance

Importance of subcontracting
Eurazeo does not subcontract.

Elis strictly regulates the use of subcontracting in its sustainable
purchasing charter: “Our suppliers cannot subcontract all or part of
the contract awarded them without the written consent of Elis. The
use of subcontracting without the prior written consent of the Elis
Purchaser is prohibited.”

ANF Immobilier ensures the mainstreaming of CSR issues ahead of
the implementation of its real estate projects through its construction
site charter aimed at achieving low environmental impact, deployed
for the first time in the llot 34 site in Marseilles in 2010. Companies
working on its construction sites must comply with this charter, in
collaboration with a High Environmental Quality Assistant Project
Manager (HQE APM) appointed for this purpose. While remaining
compatible with professional practices in the building industry, the
charter addresses:

@ the preservation of the environment and the well-being of
individuals by limiting pollution and health hazards caused to
residents;

¢ heightened measures to ensure the safety of site personnel;

¢ acommitment to reduce local pollution and the amount of waste
landfilled through the management of waste treatment.

2.3.3.4 Fair trade practices

Actions taken in the fight against corruption

The application of best practice in terms of ethics is a commitment
under Eurazeo’s responsible shareholder policy. It is part of a process
aimed at developing a strong and exemplary governance model.
In this process of continual improvement, Eurazeo encourages its
portfolio companies to implement best practice in the detection
and prevention of fraud and corruption, suited to the specific
characteristics of each company. Four companies of the 10 included
in the reporting scope defined by the Grenelle || law have established
codes of ethics or professional conduct.

Eurazeo has prepared a guide to anti-fraud and anti-corruption best
practice. It provides a reference framework, and aims to help portfolio
companies build a culture of integrity in training staff on the ethical
conduct expected of them. It also serves as a methodological tool
in the implementation of anti-fraud mechanisms. The guide features
an introduction by Patrick Sayer, Chairman of Eurazeo’s Executive
Board, who reaffirms the Group's commitment to ethics and the
prevention of corruption.

In 2014, Eurazeo finalized the drafting of a code of ethics, which
will be published in 2015. Eurazeo ensures compliance with ethical
principles governing its activities, and is committed to upholding the
highest standards in the conduct of its business.

Eurazeo seeks to raise awareness of ethical behavior among staff and
stakeholders, and to establish the necessary tools. The Code will be
distributed to all employees and stakeholders. It addresses Eurazeo’s
commitment to employees (respect for people, privacy, declaration of
conflicts of interest, political and charitable activities, lobbying, fight
against corruption and money laundering, etc.), business partners,
shareholders and investments.

The Code also identifies the various issues and situations that
employees and stakeholders are liable to face, indicating the
procedure to follow and whom to contact.

46 EURAZEO

Specific action has been taken by Europcar to prevent corruption
and improve transparency within the group. Europcar is a signatory
of the Global Compact, the tenth principle of which concerns the
fight against corruption. In 2012, Europcar also drew up a charter of
Group Values. The two documents illustrate the group’s commitment.
against corruption.

Europcar has also established a compliance committee, whose
purpose is to ensure compliance with all anti-corruption regulations.
Lastly, training on personal data protection, the anti-corruption
practice and competition law was given in headquarters in all
countries.

Elis formalized its commitment against corruption in an ethical
charter published in 2012. It focuses on group values: integrity,
responsibility and exemplarity in its commercial environment, respect
for all employees, reducing its environmental footprint and constantly
improving performance.

> Vignal Lighting Group formalized a business ethics
charter in 2014, which was distributed during the year to
all employees and suppliers of the entity Vignal Systems.
Vignal Lighting Group’s aim in distributing the charter is
to promote transparency, and to combat corruption and
other practices contrary to human rights.

> A world leader in corporate citizenship, Accor has a
duty to its stakeholders. In 2014, the Group reaffirmed
its ethical commitments in terms of management,
integrity, compliance with laws and CSR in its Ethics and
CSR charter. This charter, which comes with a training
program, is distributed internally and posted on the
group's websites.

Accor has also created an Ethics and CSR Committee
composed of members of the Executive Committee and
representatives of operations and support functions. The
Committee’s purpose is to oversee matters relating to
the opportunities, challenges and risks associated with
Ethics and CSR, to report to the Executive Committee
and to conduct specific controls.

Measures in favor of the health and safety of
consumers and customers

At Europcar, several measures are in place to anticipate any risk to
the health and safety of customers:

¢ in France, for the purposes of the document unique, a regulatory
document covering the appraisal and prevention of company
risks, controls are performed on at least five vehicles per week
and per station to confirm compliance with quality, cleanliness
and safety standards;

¢ in all subsidiaries, an internal vehicle verification procedure
covering at least five vehicles per month and per station was
introduced in 2008. Under this procedure, vehicles are selected
at random at the various stations, and an audit report is included
in the “International Vehicle Audit Form” appended to the station
manager’s weekly report.

At Léon de Bruxelles, mussel suppliers are certified in accordance
with a framework specific to the company, built on the basis of a
quality management system and detailed specifications. Hygiene
audits are conducted four times a year in each restaurant by a
specialized provider. The process includes sampling of products and
surfaces,

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 42 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Methodology

Lastly, hygiene training is provided during the first hygiene audit of
the year. In 2014, two “Hygiene Correspondent” training sessions
were provided to 17 managers. An e-learning module on kitchen
hygiene has also been available since 2013. In addition, as part of the
Consumer Information on Foodstuffs regulation (/nformation des
consommateurs sur les denrées alimentaires - NCO) and the control
of allergen risk, an information booklet on allergens in recipes has
been made available for customers in restaurants.

For customers of Dessange International, special attention is given
to hygiene when training salon employees. A hygiene protocol has
been formalized (disposable brushes and combs, disinfection of
cutting equipment, brushes and shampooing neck rests, etc.). Salon
customers are routinely given tolerance tests to coloring products to
prevent the risk of allergic reactions.

Action taken in favor of human rights

As part of its sustainable purchasing charter, Elis pays particular
attention to the respect of human rights, and stresses the need for
suppliers to comply with the ILO conventions.

2.4 METHODOLOCY

For these reasons, the purchaser reserves the right to inspect the
supplier's workshops at any time to verify compliance with these
requirements and to propose improvement plans, the supplier
guaranteeing free access. Audits are carried out at regular intervals
by an independent body.

> As a leader and global operator, Accor has a moral
obligation to protect children in its hotels. Accor made
a commitment to child protection in 2001. WATCH, for
“We Act Together for Children,” is the new name given
to its child protection program in 2014. WATCH will
allow Accor to go further in training its teams and raising
customer awareness around the world to combat sex
tourism involving children. Each year, 30,000 employees
receive training. As of the end of 2014, 37 countries had
signed the Child Protection code of conduct.

Asa listed company, Eurazeo is required to provide consolidated CSR
reporting, including all its subsidiaries across 100% of its consolidated
financial scope, in respect of fiscal 2014.

Eurazeo’s reporting is part of its overall CSR approach, which goes
beyond regulatory obligations. The annual CSR reporting campaign
is organized in several stages stretching from October to May: (1)
preparation of reporting; (2) collection and verification of data; (3)
consolidation and auditing of data; (4) publication of reporting; (5)
sharing of results with investment teams and the management teams
of portfolio companies; and (6) drafting and monitoring of action
plans.

Thus, all majority-owned portfolio companies participate in CSR
reporting, whether or not their data are consolidated in the final
results.

The reporting methodology used in 2014 is in material respects the
same as in 2013.

For questions concerning Eurazeo’s CSR report, please contact
rse@eurazeo.com.

EURAZEO

2.4.1 REPORTING SCOPE
Period and frequency

The report covers the calendar year from January 1 to
December 31, 2014. Eurazeo’s CSR report has been included in its
Registration Document every year since 2011.

Scope

The reporting focuses on Eurazeo SA and the majority-held companies
present in its portfolio from January 1 to December 31, 2014, in
accordance with the rule laid down in the Grenelle II law.

The indicators consolidate the data for Eurazeo and its portfolio
companies. Information relating to Eurazeo SA is presented
separately for clarity. Reference to “Eurazeo SA” covers Eurazeo’s
activity in France, excluding Eurazeo PME.

Reference to “Eurazeo and subsidiaries” includes the following
companies: Eurazeo SA, ANF Immobilier, Elis and Europcar, as
well as the Eurazeo PME investment management company and
its subsidiaries Cap Vert Finance, Dessange International, Idéal
Résidences, Léon de Bruxelles and Péters Surgical.

The 2014 reporting scope includes the following changes compared
with 2013: 3SP Group, APCOA and Gault & Frémont are no longer
included in the scope; Cap Vert Finance, Idéal Résidences and Péters
Surgical have been consolidated for the first time. These changes
preclude trend analysis between 2013 and 2014.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 47


--- Page 43 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Methodology

The rules for the inclusion of disposals and acquisitions are identical
for Eurazeo’s reporting and the reporting of contributing investments:

¢@ disposals made in 2014 are removed from the 2014 reporting
scope;

acquisitions made in 2014 are not taken into account in reporting
in respect of 2014. They will be included in 2015 reporting;

¢ reporting is broken down by entity; each entity is responsible for
producing its non-financial data.

The following companies performed trial CSR reporting in 2014:
Asmodee (acquired by Eurazeo SA in January 2014), the Groupe
Colisée (acquired by Eurazeo PME in October 2014), Foncia, and
Vignal Lighting Group (acquired by Eurazeo PME in February 2014).
Accordingly, all companies majority-owned by Eurazeo and Eurazeo
PME performed CSR reporting. The data of the companies performing
trial reporting are not consolidated in this report.

In addition to regulatory reporting obligations, the most relevant
information and best practices of portfolio companies performing
trial reporting (see previous paragraph) or companies outside
Eurazeo’s Grenelle Il law reporting scope (Accor and Desigual) were
included in the 2014 report and outlined in a dotted line.

The Grenelle Il law reporting scope (“Eurazeo and subsidiaries”)
covers a total of 10 companies, broken down into 60 separate entities
in nearly 20 countries, involving approximately 120 contributors. Four
companies performed trial reporting in 2014, involving nine units and
20 contributors.

2.4.2 ORCANIZATION OF REPORTING

The reporting approach is set out in a protocol customized by each
company.

Data collection

In every company, the relevant departments manage the collection
of non-financial data. Eurazeo’s CSR Department coordinates the
process and consolidates the information.

Reporting tool

To collect and consolidate non-financial information, Eurazeo used
online collection, processing and consolidation tool for quantitative
and qualitative data. The CSR reporting tool sets out the indicators
in four areas: environmental impact, social and societal impact,
purchasing, and governance.

Data control, consolidation and verification

In each company, unit managers carry out the necessary checks
to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data. Local managers
perform initial validation of data collected locally using the reporting
software. The software also contains the data from previous years
to facilitate consistency checks, with an alert system when a 20%
variation appears between the current year and the previous year.
Each indicator is accompanied by a precise definition in French and
English.

48 EURAZEO

At Eurazeo, several internal controls have been established to ensure
data reliability:

¢ consistency check with the data of the previous year;
¢ automatic calculation of ratios and totals in the software;
comparison with market data/external data.

Lastly, the consolidated data are also subject to consistency checks on
consolidation. PwC, a Statutory Auditor appointed as an independent
body by Eurazeo, reviewed the CSR information published in this
report. Its opinion is provided in Section 2.5, p. 50.

2.4.3. CHOICE OF INDICATORS

Eurazeo’s choice of CSR indicators is aimed at achieving two main
objectives: managing the CSR performance of Eurazeo and its
subsidiaries, and meeting reporting obligations as laid down by the
Grenelle II law. The indicators are reviewed annually in a process of
continuous improvement and to ensure the relevance of the indicators
for the businesses conducted by Eurazeo and its subsidiaries. In
2014, Eurazeo’s reporting framework comprised 174 quantitative and
qualitative indicators.

Some of the 2013 indicators were removed, and some new indicators
added in 2014: percentage of managers in the permanent workforce;
percentage of women among managers in the permanent workforce;
and percentage of employees who attended at least one training
course during the year. Indicators relating to purchasing were also
added in 2014.

The indicators formulated as yes/no questions are consolidated in
accordance with one of the following two methods: (1) the answer
is deemed to be “yes” for a company when units responding “yes”
within the Company represent more than 50% of its scope (revenue
for environmental indicators and workforce for social indicators); or
(2) only the holding company’s response is taken into account.

Frameworks used

The indicators were defined by Eurazeo in accordance with the
Grenelle || law requirements in collaboration with the Statutory
Auditors and the portfolio companies. Eurazeo also took into account
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Advanced Level of
the United Nations Global Compact. A cross-reference table (see
Section 9.10, p. 344) details references to the different standards
used: Grenelle Il law, GRI 4, Global Compact Advanced Level and
AFIC ESG charter.

Eurazeo’s 2013 CSR report met the requirements for C+ classification
under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 3.1. In 2014, Eurazeo
referred to the GRI 4 framework in a first step toward “In Accordance:
Core” compliance. The GRI 4 indicators met by Eurazeo this year are
shown in the cross-reference table (see Section 9.10, p. 344), along
with their level of application (partial or complete). The GRI Content
Index, which identifies all Aspects considered relevant, is available on
Eurazeo’s website.

Eurazeo has defined the relevance of these Aspects taking into
account the specific nature of its private equity business. Even though
certain Aspects may concern one or more companies, they were
deemed irrelevant insofar as Eurazeo, in its capacity as shareholder,
does not have the necessary leverage to take action.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 44 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Methodology

2.4.4 COVERACE RATE

The data cover all or part of the total scope. For this reason, a
coverage rate is calculated for each indicator. It is calculated on
the basis of a reference scope completed by each reporting entity:
revenue (environmental indicators), total workforce (social indicators)
and total purchases (purchasing indicators). For each indicator, the
contributor enters the scope covered, which allows the coverage rate
to be calculated (the scope covered divided by the reference scope).
Thus, when data is not available for an entity, its coverage rate is 0%.

Some indicators are not applicable to the activity of certain entities
that have no industrial activity. The entities for which these indicators
are not applicable are removed from the associated coverage rates.

2014 CSR reporting: coverage rates by topic
for the scope defined by the Grenelle II law

Workforce (200%)

(77-90%)

Hires and departures,
\ (too)

Greenhouse
gas emissions
(82-97%)

Comy
Goox)

2.4.5 METHODOLOCICAL DETAILS
AND LIMITATIONS

The methods used to calculate some indicators may have limitations
due to:

@ the absence of internationally recognized definitions (e.g. status
or types of employment contracts);

@ the limited availability and/or absence of certain underlying data
required for calculations, creating the need for estimates;

¢ difficulties in collecting data.

Eurazeo works with its Statutory Auditors and its subsidiaries to
ensure the consistency of data in the light of these limitations. It also
seeks to adjust reporting in accordance with the different businesses
and geographic locations of its subsidiaries.

When information is not available within the time limit, the most
realistic estimate possible must be made. Estimated data must
be clearly identified as such, and the methodology used to make
estimates explained in the collection tool. Several methods may be
adopted including:

¢ estimation of information over the closest known rolling 12-month
period to the closing date;

¢ estimation of information known partially for the period closest
to the period under review extrapolated to reflect a period of 12
months;

Working
Ban) ~ — hours ¢ extrapolation based on a close reference or from a known and
(700%) comparable sub-sample or the previous year.
we
Energy ™ accidents
(77 00%
(71-87%)
Water ‘Training
(86-93%) | (@6-100%)
Waste * Professional
(78-91%) e
(100%)
EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 49


--- Page 45 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Report of one of the Statutory Auditors designated as a third-party independent body

2.5 REPORT OF ONE OF THE STATUTORY AUDITORS
DESIGNATED AS A THIRD-PARTY INDEPENDENT
BODY TO AUDIT SOCIAL, ENVIRONMENTAL
AND SOCIETAL INFORMATION

This is a free translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of English-
speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing
standards applicable in France.

For the year ended December 31, 2014
To the Shareholders,

In our capacity as Statutory Auditor of Eurazeo SA, appointed as an independent third party and certified by COFRAC under number 3-1060 “,
we hereby report to you on the consolidated environmental, social and societal information for the year ended December 31, 2014, presented
in the management report (hereinafter the “CSR Information”), in accordance with Article L. 225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code
de commerce).

RESPONSIBILITY OF THE COMPANY

The Chairman of the Executive Board is responsible for preparing the Company's management report including CSR Information in accordance
with the provisions of Article R. 225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code and with the 2014 CSR Reporting Protocol used by the Company
(hereinafter the “Guidelines”), summarised in the management report at Section 2.4 “Methodology” and available on request from the Company’s
head office.

INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL

Our independence is defined by regulatory texts, the French code of ethics governing the audit profession and the provisions of Article L. 822-
Tl of the French Commercial Code. We have also implemented a quality control system comprising documented policies and procedures for
ensuring compliance with the codes of ethics, professional auditing standards and applicable legal and regulatory texts.

RESPONSIBILITY OF THE STATUTORY AUDITOR

On the basis of our work, it is our responsibility to:

¢@ certify that the required CSR Information is presented in the management report or, in the event that any CSR Information is not presented,
that an explanation is provided in accordance with the third paragraph of Article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code (Statement of
completeness of CSR Information);

@ express limited assurance that the CSR Information, taken as a whole, is, in all material respects, fairly presented in accordance with the
Guidelines (Reasoned opinion on the fairness of the CSR Information).

Our work was carried out by a team of 6 persons between November 2014 and March 2015 and took around 7 weeks. We were assisted in our

work by our specialists in corporate social responsibility.

We performed our work in accordance with the French professional auditing standards related to labour and environmental information falling
within the scope of procedures directly related to the statutory audit engagement (NEP 9090), with the decree of May 13, 2013 determining
the conditions in which the independent third party performs its engagement and with ISAE 3000 ® concerning our reasoned opinion on the
fairness of the CSR Information.

(1) The scope is available at www. cofrac. fr
(2) ISAE 3000 — Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information.

50 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 46 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Report of one of the Statutory Auditors designated as a third-party independent body

I. STATEMENT OF COMPLETENESS OF CSR INFORMATION

On the basis of interviews with the individuals in charge of the relevant departments, we reviewed the Company's sustainable development
strategy with respect to the labour and environmental impact of its activities and its social commitments and, where applicable, any initiatives
or programmes it has implemented as a result.

We compared the CSR Information presented in the management report with the list provided for by Article R. 225-105-1 of the French
Commercial Code.

For any consolidated Information that was not disclosed, we verified that the explanations provided complied with the provisions of Article R. 225-
105, paragraph 3 of the French Commercial Code.

We verified that the CSR Information covers the scope of consolidation, i.e., the Company, its subsidiaries as defined by Article L. 233-1 and the
entities it controls as defined by Article L. 233-3 of the French Commercial Code within the limitations set out in the methodological information
available in the management report.

Based on this work and given the limitations mentioned above, we attest that the required CSR Information has been disclosed in the
management report.

Il. REASONED OPINION ON THE FAIRNESS OF THE CSR INFORMATION

Nature and scope of our work

We conducted around ten interviews with the persons responsible for preparing the CSR Information in the departments charged with collecting
the information and, where appropriate, the people responsible for the internal control and risk management procedures, in order to:

assess the suitability of the Guidelines in terms of their relevance, completeness, reliability, impartiality and comprehensibility, and taking into
account best practices where appropriate;

¢ verify that a data-collection, compilation, processing and control procedure has been implemented to ensure the completeness and
consistency of the CSR Information and reviewed the internal control and risk management procedures used to prepare the CSR Information.

We determined the nature and scope of our tests and controls according to the nature and importance of the CSR Information with respect
to the characteristics of the Company, the labour and environmental challenges of its activities, its sustainable development policy and best
practices.

With regard to the CSR Information that we considered to be the most important “:

¢ at parent entity level, we consulted documentary sources and conducted interviews to substantiate the qualitative information (organisation,
policy, action), performed analytical procedures on the quantitative information and verified, using sampling techniques, the calculations
and the consolidation of the data. We also verified that the information was consistent and in concordance with the other information in the
management report;

¢ at the level of a representative sample of entities selected by us ® on the basis of their activity, their contribution to the consolidated
indicators, their location and a risk analysis, we conducted interviews to ensure that procedures are followed correctly, and we performed
tests of details, using sampling techniques, in order to verify the calculations made and reconcile the data with the supporting documents.
The selected sample represents on average 62% of headcount and 52% of the Company's consolidated revenue.

For the other consolidated CSR Information, we assessed consistency based on our understanding of the Company.

We also assessed the relevance of explanations given for any information that was not disclosed, either in whole or in part.

We believe that the sampling methods and sample sizes used, based on our professional judgement, allow us to express limited assurance; a
higher level of assurance would have required us to carry out more extensive work. Due to the use of sampling techniques and other limitations
intrinsic to the operation of information and internal control systems, we cannot provide absolute assurance that the CSR Information disclosed
is free of material misstatement.

(1) The CSR Information that we considered to be the most important is specified in the annex to this report.

(2) Eurazeo SA, ANF Immobilier, Elis France, Elis Germany, Blis Spain, Europcar Germany, Europcar UK, Léon de Bruxelles (social information only), Cap Vert Finance
(environmental information only).

EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 51


--- Page 47 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl
~ Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Report of one of the Statutory Auditors designated as a third-party independent body

Conclusion

Based on our work, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the CSR Information, taken as a whole, is not presented
fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

Neuilly-sur-Seine, March 17, 2015
One of the Statutory Auditors of Eurazeo SA

PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit

Pierre Clavié Sylvain Lambert
Partner Partner in the Sustainable Development Department

52 EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT


--- Page 48 ---

eura2014_drf_va_v5_cl

Q2 EURAZEO’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Report of one of the Statutory Auditors designated as a third-party independent body

ANNEXE: LIST OF CSR INFORMATION THAT WE CONSIDERED THE MOST IMPORTANT

Quantitative social information

°

ooo e

°

Total workforce (permanent and non-permanent) by gender, age
group and region;

Hires and departures (by reason);
Number of employee hours and number of overtime hours;
Number of hours of absence (permanent workforce);

Total number of training hours and number of permanent
employees trained;

Equal treatment: Percentage of women in the permanent
workforce, in the Supervisory Boards and in the decision-making
bodies.

Qualitative social information

°

°
°
°

Labour relations;
Occupational Health and Safety;

Quantitative environmental information

°
°

°

Water consumption and local water supply constraints;

Energy (total energy, renewable energy, electricity, natural gas,
fuel oil, and other energy sources) and fuel consumption (gasoline
and Diesel fuel);

CO; emissions.

Qualitative environmental information

°

°
°

Prevention, reduction and remediation measures in respect of air,
water and soil emissions seriously impacting the environment;

Waste management;

Measures taken to improve energy efficiency and use of renewable
energies.

Qualitative societal information

Equal treatment and promotion of diversity; ¢ Territorial, economic and social impact of the activity;
Integration of people with disabilities. ¢ Conditions of dialogue with stakeholders;
@ Subcontractors and suppliers;
¢ Actions taken in the fight against corruption.
EURAZEO 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 53
