Management report

" ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

| See p.!"# f.

=] See p.$%%

Successful in difficult conditions—
Confident about 2015

1. Basic information on the Evonik Group

1.1 Business model

Strong market positions, sustainable business activities, responsible action
Evonik is one of the world’s leading specialty chemicals companies. We concentrate on high-growth
Oo
balanced spectrum of our business activities, end-markets and regions. Around 80 percent of sales come
from market-leading positions ', which we are systematically expanding. Our strong competitive position
is based on integrated technology platforms, innovative strength and working closely with our customers.
Our specialty chemicals products make an indispensable contribution to the benefits of our customers’
products, which generate their success in global competition. Close cooperation with our customers enables
us to build up a deep knowledge of their business, so we can offer products tailored to customers’ specifi-
cations and extensive technical service. Our technology centers and customer competence centers play an
important role in this around the world. We also have a focus on our customers’ customers.
Market-oriented research and development is a key driver of profitable growth. This is based on our
strong innovation culture, which is rooted in our innovation management and management development.
We are convinced that sustainable and responsible business activities are vital for the future of our
company. Evonik therefore accepts responsibility worldwide—for its business, its employees and society.
t
through their hard work and identification. We have therefore developed a wide range of activities to gain
and develop talented and qualified employees and to position Evonik as a preferred employer in order to
retain them.

1 We define these as ranking 1st, 2nd or 3rd in the relevant markets.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Basic information on the Evonik Group
Business model

A decentralized corporate structure

Operationally, our specialty chemicals business is aligned to global megatrends that have the potential to

give us access to future-oriented markets and generate profitable growth. Until December 31, 2014, our

operating business was grouped in three segments, each of which had two business units '. The Services

segment is a cross-site supplier of typical chemicals-related services such as utilities, waste management,
t Cc Cc

the Executive Board in its strategic management of the Group.

C06 Corporate structure

Consumer,

Segments . Ri rce Efficien ialty Material: rvii
J! Health & Nutrition esource Efficiency Specialty erials Services
Business Consumer Health & Inorganic Coatings & Performance Advanced
Units Specialties Nutrition Materials Additives Polymers Intermediates
tc n
goods for daily needs, and in animal nutrition and healthcare products. It comprises the Consumer Specialties

n u
The Resource Efficiency segment provides environment-friendly and energy-efficient system solutions,
mainly for the automotive sector and for the paints, coatings and construction industries. This segment
i M Cc a u
The heart of the Specialty Materials segment is the production of polymer materials and intermediates,
mainly for the rubber and plastics industries. It is composed of the Performance Polymers and Advanced
Intermediates Business Units.
Our services, which are bundled in a separate segment, mainly comprise Site Services and Business
Services, which principally provide services for the specialty chemicals business, the Corporate Center,
and third parties.

Integrated technology platforms are a competitive advantage

Our products are manufactured using highly developed technologies that we are constantly refining.
In many cases Evonik has backwardly integrated production complexes where it produces key precursors
for its operations in neighboring production facilities. In this way we offer our customers maximum
reliability of supply. At the same time, backwardly integrated world-scale production facilities combined

with technologically demanding production processes act as high entry barriers.

f integrated technology platforms for several businesses.
That generates economies of scale and excellent use of product streams because by-products from one
t

of capacity and resources and thus high added value. Moreover, the operating units can share the site
energy supply and infrastructure cost-effectively.

lf g s

| See p."!

G] See glossary p. !#&

G| See glossary p. !#”

4

Financial statements
Management report

$% ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

=] See p.(#

Z| See p.)!

=| See p.!"# f.

Broadly diversified end-markets

Most of our customers are industrial companies that use our products for further processing. The range
n

accounts for more than 20 percent of our sales.

C07 Evonik s end-markets

Agriculture

Renewable energies

Paper and printing
Paints and coatings *

Metal and oil products \

Consumer goods and personal care products

Electrical and electronics

Pharmaceuticals

Other industries

Food and animal feed

Plastics and rubber *

Construction Automotive and mechanical engineering

mm 15—20% 10—15% 5—10% mm <5%

4 Where not directly assigned to other end-customer industries.

Global production

Evonik has a presence in more than 100 countries and 78 percent of sales are generated outside Germany.
We produce where our markets and customers are. Consequently, we have production facilities in
25 countries on five continents. Our largest production sites—Marl, Wesseling and Rheinfelden (Germany),
Antwerp (Belgium), Mobile (Alabama, USA), Shanghai (China) and Singapore—have integrated technology
platforms used by various units.

1.2 Principles and objectives

Profitable growth, enhanced efficiency, values
A sustained increase in the value of the company is our overriding goal and the basis for Evonik’s strategic
alignment. To implement our strategy, we have set demanding financial, safety and environmental targets.

Our strategy is based on profitable growth, efficiency and values. We aim to

As growth drivers for our business we have identified the megatrends health, nutrition, resource efficiency

approach to implementing our ambitious investment program to extend our leading market positions
around the world. Projects that have not yet started are always reviewed for changes in the market situation.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation $&

Basic information on the Evonik Group
Principles and objectives

To raise scope for growth and innovations, we are continuously working to improve our cost position.
Theo t -

a e
worldwide.
We accept responsibility worldwide—for our business, our employees and our social environment.
f g
workforce. Diversity e f

central to Evonik, we are a strong and reliable partner. That is how we define sustainability and corporate
responsibility. As part of our corporate strategy, our sustainability strategy takes up economic megatrends
as well as ecological and social challenges and supports the development of new business activities. We
are keenly committed to expanding the contribution made by our innovative solutions to sustainable
development.

Innovations are the driving force of future growth. They provide access to new products and applica-
tions, open up attractive future markets and strengthen our market and technology leadership.

Active portfolio management, combined with efficient allocation of capital, is very important to our
company. We want to raise the proportion of high-margin chemical specialties in our portfolio. Businesses
that no longer fit our strategy or fail to meet profitability requirements on a sustained basis are divested.

Ambitious targets

In line with our growth strategy, we set ambitious financial targets in 2013:
- e itda

- rating in the long term.

As a responsible specialty chemicals company, we have also defined ambitious non-financial targets.

We take our responsibility in the field of safety particularly seriously. Our objective is to protect our

employees and local residents, as well as the environment, against any potential negative impact of our
a f

these are:

- t accident frequency rate_' should not exceed 1.3.

+ Incident frequency * should not exceed 48°.

™n e e

working hours.
2 This indicator comprises incidents resulting in the release of substances, fires or explosions, even if there is little or no damage.
3n

reference base (expressed in percentage points: 2008 = 100).

See p.#% f.

Financial statements

G] See glossary p. !#!
=] See p.$%* ff.
G] See glossary p. !#&

=] See p.$%% ff.

G] See glossary p. !#"

| See p. $$$ ff.

G] See glossary p. !#!
G] See glossary p. !#°
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Alongside financial and safety targets, we set ambitious environmental targets. The aim is to make
mental protection performance. We defined demanding environmental targets for the period 2004 —2014.
Thanks to our joint efforts, these were achieved in 2012, two years earlier than planned. In 2014, we set
new targets for the period 2013 to 2020, taking 2012 as the reference base:

-r " by 12 percent

or

i
of resources.

New Group structure
t -
ture effective January 1, 2015. In the future, the Executive Board will concentrate on Evonik’s strategic
development within a management holding structure. This gives the three specialty chemicals segments
far greater entrepreneurial independence so they can operate closer to their markets and customers and
improve efficiency still further.
-t Cc n n Cc

e n Cc g

5
©
co)
5
co)

@Q

M g
The former business unit level has been eliminated.

The new structure is designed to allow far more differentiated management of the various businesses
and more targeted development.

ton Cc r e

t

The aim is to generate profitable, above-average growth, mainly by selective capital expenditures and
acquisitions.

t p M
make intensive use of energy and raw materials. Therefore, the main focus is on integrated technology
platforms and efficient processes. We want to strengthen these competitive advantages by further
improvements in our efficiency and possibly through alliances. In the future, investments will concentrate
on securing and extending our good market positions.

C08 Corporate structure as of January 1, 2015

Segments Nutrition & Care Resource Efficiency Performance Materials Services

1 Energy- and process-related emissions as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation $(

Basic information on the Evonik Group
Business management systems

1.3 Business management systems

Our assessment of our most significant performance indicators is based on the following criteria: regular
reporting to the Executive Board, use as the basis for incentive payments, extensive internal analyses, basis
for defining action to be taken, and external expectations.

Most important financial key performance indicators

f e t

used to assess the business performance of the operational units and the Group. Through systematic
alignment to these indicators, Evonik endeavors to create value by raising profitability and ensuring
profitable growth.

In light of our increased capital market orientation following our stock exchange listing, in 2013 we
defined adjusted EBITDA f adjusted
EBITas the main indicator used in our reporting. To track the attainment of targets, adjusted EBITDA
is broken down to the level of the operating units. Adjusted EBITDA and the corresponding relative
indicator, the adjusted EBITDA margin, show the operating performance of an entity irrespective of the
structure of its assets and its investment profile. They therefore provide a key basis for internal and external

Ss
losses are not included, these are also cash-flow based parameters. The adjusted EBITDA margin can
therefore be taken as an approximation of the return on sales-related cash flows.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) is used as a further indicator. In our value-oriented corporate

e a

(EVA®) was replaced by ROCE, which was already used to measure the attainment of targets. Both
parameters are derived from uniformly defined performance indicators taken from the income statement
and balance sheet. The calculation starts from adjusted EBIT in relation to average capital employed.
Comparison with the cost of capital, which shows the risk-adjusted return expectations of our investors,
can be used to derive relative value creation. This is calculated using a weighted average cost of capital,
which reflects the return expectations of both shareholders, derived from the capital asset pricing model,
and providers of debt capital.

Most important non-financial key performance indicators

e g f

annual sustainability report’ provides information on ecological and societal issues to supplement our
economic reporting.

Traditionally, we accord special significance to safety, which is regarded as an all-round management
task that has to be lived at all management levels. In line with this, in 2013 we adopted new guiding
principles on safety, which are binding for all staff at all levels. In keeping with the corporate directive, all
units at Evonik have an occupational safety target. In addition, all production units have a plant safety target.
The relevant indicators are accident frequency and incident frequency °.

To protect the environment we aim to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, not just from our pro-

duction but also along the entire value chain. We therefore strive continuously to improve our production

specific greenhouse gas emissions as a particularly important environmental indicator and plan to use it as
a key non-financial performance indicator in the future.

1 This report is based on G.3.1, the currently valid guidelines issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
2 See sections Principles and objectives =] p.60 ff., Business performance =] p.68 ff., and Sustainability =| p.105 ff.

Financial statements

=] See p."(

G] See glossary p. !#*

G] See glossary p. !#"

| See p.#!

@| www.evonik.com/
responsibility

| See p.$$!

G] See glossary p. !#!
G| See glossary p. !#°
J

Management report

$) ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

GI] See glossary p. !#*

G] See glossary p. !#"

G] See glossary p. !#"

2. Business review

2.1 Overall assessment of the economic situation

Strategically, we sharpened our profile as a pure specialty chemicals company, especially by divesting the
steag g e g

growth projects under the aegis of the 2012-2016 investment program, which is being implemented with

discipline yet flexibility. We also improved the basis for profitable growth in the future by developing

a new Group structure that will allow more differentiated management of our business from 2015.

Operationally, our business developed well overall in difficult economic conditions. Thanks to buoyant
demand and increased production capacity, Evonik posted a further rise in volume sales. The downward
price trend for some products weakened during the year and in some businesses there were even clear
signs of an upward trend. By year end we were therefore largely able to make up the shortfall in operating
earnings in the first half of the year. Our efficiency enhancement programs contributed to this. Overall,
sales increased slightly to €12.9 billion, while adjusted EBITDA was €1.9 billion, 6 percent lower than in
the previous year.

Our earnings remain solid despite the initially negative impact of the ramp-up expenses associated
with our extensive growth-driven investments. The adjusted EBITDA margin was 14.5 percent and ROCE
was 12.3 percent, well above our cost of capital.

n
gains from the divestment of the majority of shares in the real estate activities.

Our financial profile remains good: At year-end 2014 we again had a net asset position, mainly due to
the divestment of the remaining shares in STEAG. The cash flow from operating activities remained
strong at €1.1 billion. In line with our ambitious growth strategy, capital expenditures for property, plant
and equipment also remained high at €1.1 billion. Evonik still has a sound investment grade rating

M s p

C09 Development of adjusted EBITDA in the Evonik Group

in + million

2010 Se 2,365

2011 eee 2,768

2012 a 2.467

2013 eres! 1,995

2014 LL 1,867
T T T T T T T
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000.

Figures for 2010 and 2011 include the former Real Estate segment. 2013 restated.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation $!

Business review

Economic background

2.2 Economic background

Low global economic momentum

In 2014, global economic conditions were slightly weaker than expected. We estimate that global economic
growth was around 2.9 percent in 2014. Although that was slightly higher than in the previous year
(2.5 percent), it was nevertheless still well below the growth potential of the global economy.

Financial statements

C10 Development of GDP 2013/2014

in %

LS
German’ —
¥ 0.1
- 3

Other European
Countries 0.

North America Ta “
18
. 0.6
Central and South America 26

Asia-Pacific

. _ 2.7
Middle East, Africa 38

1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0

Pa

i)
>
Q

°

mam 2014 (projected) mmm 2013

The slight but steady upward trend in global growth, which started in mid-2013, continued at the start

political situation in the Ukraine, the exceptionally cold winter in the USA and persistent pressure on
exchange rates and share prices in the emerging markets. While the weather-related drop in production
was rapidly offset during the year, the geopolitical and regional challenges increased and prevented
a more dynamic economic development in 2014.

A perceptible recovery in developed economies had been expected to be the main driver of the

e

first half of the year subsequently faltered in some areas. Thanks in particular to the good start to 2014,
economic output in Germany was far higher than in 2013, but this was not the case everywhere in Europe.
Economic growth in Europe (excluding Germany) was 1.4 percent overall, but countries such as Italy and
f

a n a
the year and posted a positive underlying trend. The stable labor market situation and low inflation,
accompanied by very low interest rates, supported consumer spending as a key driver of the US economy
in 2014.
u Management report J

$$ ANNUAL REPORT !" #$

G] See glossary p. !#"

EVONIK INDUSTRIES

In the emerging markets, especially China, growth continued at the lower level of the previous year.
I

C fe)

India suffered from structural problems that held back economic growth in 2014, principally as a result of
rising inflation and high interest rates. In addition, growth in many emerging markets was impaired by
capital outflows and the mounting uncertainty caused by the global volatility of commodity and currency
markets. Moreover, the sharp drop in the price of oil in the second half of the year dampened growth in
many oil-producing emerging markets.

Robust development of end-customer industries

Overall, Evonik’s end-customer industries proved robust in 2014, with the majority reporting higher
f
slowed in some industries in the second half of the year.

C11 Development of Evonik s end-customer industries 2013/2014

in %

:
»
io

Overall

Consumer and
personal care products

Food and animal feed

Automotive and
mechanical engineering

Construction

Plastics and rubber *

Pharmaceuticals

Electrical and electronics

Metal and oil products

Paints and coatings *

Paper and printing

AN

Agriculture

°
5-4
N
S4
ad
s-
se
S-
wn
|

mam 2014 (projected) mm 2013

4 Where not directly assigned to other end-customer industries.

Along with the entire automotive and mechanical engineering sector, the car manufacturing and tire

industries grew far faster than in the previous year. This also had a positive influence on the paints and

coatings, and plastics and rubber sectors, which posted above-average global growth. Worldwide, the

construction industry grew slightly faster than in 2013 but the regional trends differed. Momentum
e a n a
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Business review

Major events

Demand for consumer and personal care products remained stable in 2014, as expected, but rising com-
petitive pressure was observed. The food and animal feed industries continued to develop positively
through the year, with amino acids in particular benefiting from robust demand.

The pressure on producer prices at the beginning of 2014 lessened during the year. Since inflationary
pressure remained low and the cost of crude oil and other raw materials has dropped considerably, many
prices remained as low as in the second half of 2013.

The average price of Evonik’s raw materials was lower than in 2013. This was due to the substantial drop
in the price of oil and many other raw materials in the second half of the year. Increased supply resulting
rom new capacities, for example shale oil in the USA and exceptional harvests of many agricultural
commodities, coincided with more sluggish demand, putting considerable downward pressure on prices.
The average exchange rate for the euro versus Evonik’s most important foreign currency, the US dollar,
was US$1.33 in 2014, unchanged from the previous year (US$

had depreciated considerably against the world’s most important currencies.

2.3 Major events

a a It fe]
d a fe] Cc gid ag

companies. In view of the planned exit from the lithium-ion business these activities were reclassified to
discontinued operations in September 2013. The revaluation of assets and provisions in connection with
this agreement, and the subsequent divestment of the shares resulted in income after taxes of €20 million.

In fall 2014, we divested the remaining stake in the energy company STEAG g e 9g

sg 9g Cc ge 9g
had sold the first tranche comprising 51 percent of the shares to KSBG in 2011 and also concluded an
agreement which enabled KSBG to exercise its option to acquire the remaining 49 percent stake at the
start of September 2014. A binding purchase price mechanism for the second tranche was also agreed at
that time. The stake in STEAG was reclassified to discontinued operations in mid-July 2014 when we
received notification that KSBG intended to exercise the call option. There were negative earnings effects
ahead of this divestment, relating among other things to the valuation and deconsolidation of the options
and the adjustment of a provision. Offsetting this against income, principally from the guaranteed dividend,
resulted in an after-tax loss of €29 million.

t e
Group’s management and portfolio structure with effect from January 1, 2015.

At its meeting on June 26, 2014, the Supervisory Board appointed Mr. Christian Kullmann to the
Executive Board effective July 1, 2014.

G] See glossary p. !#!

| See p."!

$e

Financial statements
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

2.4 Business performance

A successful business trend

Our business developed well despite the difficult economic conditions. Although global growth fell short
of expectations, we registered high demand worldwide and achieved a further increase in volume sales,
not least due to the start-up of new production capacities. The downward price trend for some important
products, which started in 2012, weakened during the year and a clear upward trend was visible in some

by a year-on-year reduction in selling prices, especially in the first six months.
Slight organic sales growth

Group sales rose 2 percent to €12,917 million in 2014. Organic growth was also 2 percent and resulted
from higher volumes (3 percentage points), while selling prices dropped slightly (-1 percentage point).

T%%( Change in sales ’%&) versus ’ %&(

in %

Volumes 3
Prices —l1
Organic sales growth 2

Exchange rates

Other

Total 2

Adjusted EBITDA down slightly year-on-year

Adjusted EBITDA was held back by lower selling prices, especially at the start of the year. Thanks to the
positive price trend in the fourth quarter, the perceptible earnings shortfall in the first six months was
largely offset in the second half of the year. Overall, adjusted EBITDA was €1,867 million, 6 percent lower
than in the previous year. The adjusted EBITDA margin slipped from 15.7 percent to 14.5 percent.

T%%) Adjusted EBITDA by segment

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
Consumer, Health & Nutrition 857 922 —7
Resource E.ciency 703 655 7
Specialty Materials 444 552 —20
Services 180 183 —2
Corporate, other operations —317 —317
Evonik 1,867 1,995 —6

Prior-year figures restated.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation S#

Business review

Business performance

The Resource Efficiency segment posted another increase in adjusted EBITDA, driven by strong demand

C n s M
segments were once again held back, mainly by lower selling prices and start-up costs for growth-driven
a Cc n

segment and considerably lower in the Specialty Materials segment. Earnings from Services were almost at
the prior-year level. The adjusted EBITDA reported by Corporate, other operations, including consolidation
was minus €317 million, as in the previous year. This includes, among others, expenses for the Corporate
Center and strategic research.

Financial statements

T%%! Sales and reconciliation from adjusted EBITDA to net income

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
Sales 12,917 12,708 2
Adjusted EBITDA 1,867 1,995 —6
Depreciation and amortization —629 —591
Adjusted EBIT 1,238 1,404 —12
Adjustments, —178 — 340

thereof attributable to
Restructuring — 86 —191
Impairment losses/reversals of impairment losses —37 —15
Acquisition/divestment of shareholdings 1 —4l1
Other —56 —93
Net interest expense —218 —255
Income before income taxes, continuing operations 842 809 4
Income taxes —252 —224
Income a+er taxes, continuing operations 590 585 1
Income a/er taxes, discontinued operations —9 1,428
Income a+er taxes 581 2,013 —71
thereof attributable to non-controlling interests 13 —4l1
Net income 568 2,054 —72
Earnings per share 1.22 441

Prior-year figures restated.

The adjustments are the net balance of non-operating income and non-operating expense items which
are by nature one-off or rare and amounted to minus €178 million in 2014. They included restructuring

Cc n i

Specialty Materials segment that were terminated following a routine review of investment projects.
Other adjustments relate, among other things, to expenses in connection with incidents incurred by business G| see glossary p. !#*
partners, and expenses for an increase in provisions relating to the partial retirement program to comply with
IAS 19 (2011). The prior-year figure of minus €340 million essentially comprised restructuring expenses

in the Specialty Materials segment.
Management report

*% ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

=] See Note *.’,
p. SQ. ff.

n

the establishment of provisions. The considerable improvement compared with the previous year was due
to the redemption of the Evonik Degussa bond (December 2013) and the Evonik bond (October 2014).
Income before income taxes, continuing operations rose 4 percent to €842 million thanks to lower
adjustment-driven one-off expense. The income tax rate was 30 percent, which was in line with the
expected Group tax rate.

Income after taxes, discontinued operations was minus €9 million and mainly relates to operating
income from the investment in STEAG, which was divested in September 2014, and to the lithium-ion
business. The prior-year figure of €1,428 million mainly comprised the proceeds from the divestment of
the real estate activities in July 2013. The net income of €568 million was therefore well below the very
high prior-year level.

Adjusted net income, which reflects the operating performance of the continuing activities, dropped
8 percent to €740 million in 2014. Adjusted earnings per share therefore decreased from €1.73 to €1.59.

T%%$ Reconciliation to adjusted net income

Change

in ,-million 2014 2013 in %

Income before nancial result and income taxes a 046 4045 _
Result from investments recognized at equity 14 8
Other nancial income _— 11

EBIT 5060 5064 —
Adjustments 178 340

Adjusted EBIT 5238 404 —12
Adjusted net interest —192 —255

Adjusted income before income taxes a ,046 149 —9
Adjusted income taxes —295 —330

Adjusted income ater taxes “ 751 819 —8
thereof adjusted income attributable to non-controlling interests 11 13

Adjusted net income * 740 806 —8

Adjusted earnings per share “in, 1.59 1.73

Prior-year figures restated.

* Continuing operations.

On Track 2.0 enters the home strait—Administration Excellence being implemented

At the start of 2012 we introduced the On Track 2.0 efficiency enhancement program as a continuous
improvement process. The aim is to reduce costs, especially in production, by €500 million a year by 2016
through a further increase in process efficiency. We are very close to our target for On Track 2.0: Measures

At the end of 2014, over €400 million was already being implemented.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Business review

Business performance

f e
business, in September 2013 we launched the Administration Excellence program to further strengthen

f
i
mentation. The headcount reductions associated with the savings will be implemented in consultation
with representatives of the workforce to avoid undue hardship.
Ss
support Evonik’s strategy of profitable growth.

Efficient and effective procurement
r
are still the key tasks for Evonik’s procurement function. Procurement in the company’s growth markets
will play a greater role in the future. Another very important factor is taking a critical look at the implications
f
and at the same time, the general change in procurement markets for petrochemical feedstocks.
t a
Excellence. The main leverage comes from further integration of local and regional procurement into our
global procurement structures, and systematic separation of strategic and operational activities within the
Ss
efficient and effective procurement processes.
As well as participating in procurement alliances with other companies and validating new suppliers,

suppliers that are currently of the greatest strategic importance. We are aware of our responsibility within
the supply chain. Issues such as safety, health, environmental protection, corporate responsibility and quality
play an integral part in our procurement strategy. Globally, this approach to sustainability is supported by
the sector initiative Together for Sustainability, of which Evonik is a founding member.

In 2014 Evonik spent around €9.1 billion on raw materials and supplies, technical goods, services,
energy and other operating requirements. Petrochemical feedstocks accounted for about 27 percent of the
total. Overall, raw materials and supplies make up around 60 percent of procurement volume.

Using renewable resources remains very important to Evonik. In 2014, around 7 percent of raw materials
were from renewable resources. The main applications for these raw materials are amino acids and starting
products for the cosmetics industry.

@| www.tfs-

initiative.com

G| See glossary p. !#!

&

Financial statements
Management report

” ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Attractive return on capital employed

G| see glossary p.!#" Within our value-oriented management approach, our success is measured principally by ROCE, which
was 12.3 percent in 2014 and therefore well above our cost of capital, which was confirmed as 10.5 percent
before taxes in our regular review for the fiscal year.

T%%* Capital employed, ROCE and Economic Value Added (EVA,)

in ,-million 2014 2013
Intangible assets 3,067 3,092
+ Property, plant and equipment, investment property 5,116 4,563
+ Investments 418 213
+ Inventories 1,681 1,625
+ Trade accounts receivable 1,749 1,723
+ Other interest-free assets 528 584
— Interest-free provisions —911 —999
— Trade accounts payable —1,072 —1,023
— Other interest-free liabilities —496 —474
= Capital employed * 10,080 9,304
Adjusted EBIT 1,238 1,404
ROCE (adjusted EBIT/capital employed) in % 12.3 15.1
Cost of capital (capital employed = * WACC) 1,058 977
EVA, (adjusted EBIT — cost of capital) 180 427

Prior-year figures restated.

* Annual averages; prior-year figures restated to reflect discontinued operations.

The average capital employed increased by €0.8 billion to €10.1 billion. The year-on-year increase in
capital expenditures to implement our growth strategy increased capital employed, while the divestment
of business activities and impairment losses on property, plant and equipment had a slight counter-effect.
The drop in ROCE from the very high year-back figure of 15.1 percent was attributable to lower operating
earnings and the increase in capital expenditures. This increases capital employed, but is only reflected
successively in adjusted EBIT as the new production capacities come on stream.

The return on capital employed in the three specialty chemicals segments was well above average.
The ROCE for the Group was considerably lower because capital employed also includes identified hidden
reserves from former business combinations.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation #(

Business review
Business performance

T%%" ROCE by segment

in % 2014 2013 5
Consumer, Health & Nutrition 27.1 34.5 E
Resource E.ciency 33.3 35.6 3
Specialty Materials 12.2 19.6 z
Services 15.4 16.4
Evonik (including Corporate, other operations) 12.3 15.1

Further value creation
e a EVA\!) is the difference between adjusted EBIT and the cost of capital, which G] see glossary p. H#*
acC iea
e i ea
The reduction of €247 million compared with the previous year was mainly attributable to the drop in
operating earnings.

T%%# EVA, by segment

in ,-million 2014 2013
Consumer, Health & Nutrition 426 537
Resource E.ciency 389 381
Specialty Materials 37 183
Services 26 30
Corporate, other operations — 698 —704
Evonik 180 427

Prior-year figures restated.

The three specialty chemicals segments once again created value. The Resource Efficiency segment
ea Cc n s
Materials segments were below the previous year’s level. The Services segment once again reported
tea Cc
the identified hidden reserves from the acquisition of shares in the former Degussa AG and from earlier
mergers of the former Degussa AG. These greatly increase capital employed, while their write-downs
considerably diminish EBIT.
Management report

*) ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#*
G] See glossary p. !#"

G] See glossary p. !#!

2.5 Comparison of forecast and actual performance

Financial forecast met
In our annual report for 2013, we forecast that we would report slightly higher sales in 2014 and tha
adjusted EBITDA would be between €1.8 billion and €2.1 billion, based on the assumption that globa
economic conditions would meet our expectations. We assumed global growth of 3.0 percent and an
increase of 4.0 percent in global industrial output. In fact, economic development was weaker than had
been expected, especially in the second half of the year. This mainly affected our growth expectations for
e eu n a Cc i

our forecast, with sales up 2 percent and adjusted EBITDA of €1.9 billion. At 12.3 percent ROCE was wel
above the cost of capital as expected, but slightly lower than in the previous year.

As a consequence of the disciplined implementation of our investment program in 2014 our capita
expenditures totaled €1.1 billion, below the budget of up to €1.4 billion.

Given our growth program, we had expected to report net financial debt. In fact, as a result of the
divestment of the stake in STEAG and the fact that capital expenditures were lower than had been
budgeted, we were again able to report a net financial asset position.

Non-financial safety indicators at a good level
Our significant non-financial performance indicators for occupational and plant safety ' continued their
positive long-term trend. A further improvement in our safety indicators is especially important to us.

year to year.

We had not expected to improve accident frequency from the very low level of 0.9 in 2013. Our target
for 2014 was to remain below the defined upper limit of 1.3. We achieved this, with an accident frequency
rate of 1.2.

We aimed for a slight improvement in our incident frequency indicator, with a ceiling of 48. Although
53 points was a good level, the indicator deteriorated year-on-year and remained below our ambitious
target.

Based on our systematic analysis of all accidents and incidents, action has already been initiated to
bring about an improvement. We are stepping up measures to improve our performance, as shown by the
launch of our safety culture initiative.

1 See section on Sustainability =] p.105 ff.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation *!

Business review

Segment performance

2.6 Segment performance

Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment

Financial statements

The Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment produces specialty chemicals, principally for use in
consumer goods for daily needs, and in animal nutrition and healthcare products. The long-term
development of this segment s business is driven by socio-economic megatrends. As a result of
growth in the world population, demand for food based on animal protein is rising. At the same
time, the rise of an affluent middle class in the emerging markets is increasing consumption of meat
and leading to higher demand for better quality day-to-day consumer goods such as personal care
products and cosmetics. Moreover, as a result of demographic change the proportion of older
people in the developed markets will rise in the long term, leading to higher demand for cosmetics,
wellness and healthcare products. This segment comprises the Consumer Specialties and
Health & Nutrition Business Units.

T%&Key data for the Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
External sales 4,152 4,171 —

Consumer Specialties Business Unit 2,085 2,157 —3

Health & Nutrition Business Unit 2,067 2,014 3
Adjusted EBITDA 857 922 —7
Adjusted EBITDA margin in % 20.6 22.1 —
Adjusted EBIT 694 770 —10
Capital expenditures 460 459 —
Depreciation and amortization 158 148 7
Capital employed (annual average) 2,558 2,229 15
ROCE in % 27.1 34.5 —
No. of employees as of December 31 7,090 7,150 —!

Prior-year figures restated.

Perceptible volume growth
i Cc n

production capacities from growth-driven investments. The clear downward trend in prices for important
products that started in summer 2012 weakened perceptibly during the year and the prices of some
important products picked up considerably in the final months of the year. Overall, selling prices were
almost level with 2013.

Adjusted EBITDA impacted by start-up costs

tc n e itda t
impacts compared with the previous year were far lower selling prices, especially in the first half of the
year, and start-up costs for new capacities. As a result, adjusted EBITDA was 7 percent lower than in 2013.
The adjusted EBITDA margin slipped from 22.1 percent in 2013 to 20.6 percent in 2014.
J

Management report

1.

*$

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

C12 Development of sales in the Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment

in + million
2010 3677
2011 ee 4081
2012 en 4204
2013 ee 4.171
2014 ee 4152
T T T T T

0 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000

Prior-year figures restated.

C13 Development of adjusted EBITDA in the Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment

in + million
2010 T°;
2011 en 1.049
2012 en 1.055
2013 ee 322
2014 es 357
T T T T T

0 250 500 750 1,000 1,250

Prior-year figures restated.

Ambitious growth strategy

tc n

in 2014. To strengthen its leading global market positions and participate in the dynamic trend, especially
in emerging markets, new production facilities were erected. Capital expenditures were €460 million,
as in 2013. In view of the ambitious growth strategy, capital expenditures were once again well above
depreciation, which amounted to €158 million. The average capital employed increased by €329 million
to €2,558 million, principally because of the high capital expenditures. ROCE was high at 27.1 percent,
although it was well below the very good prior-year level due to the growth-induced rise in average
capital employed.

CONSUMER SPECIALTIES

This business unit focuses principally on ingredients, additives and system solutions, especially for
high-quality consumer goods and specific industrial applications. In particular, it has outstanding
knowledge of interfacial chemistry. Its products are based on an extensive range of oleochemical
derivatives, organically modified silicones, and active ingredients produced by biotechnology.
Key success factors are high innovative capability, integrated technology platforms and strategic
partnerships with major consumer goods manufacturers.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Business review

Segment performance

Lower sales

In the Consumer Specialties Business Unit sales dropped 3 percent to €2,085 million. Since selling prices

were almost unchanged, this was mainly due to lower volumes and the divestment of the skin care

business. In particular, superabsorbents posted lower sales, as volumes did not match the high prior-year

level, which was boosted by a competitor’s production stoppage. By contrast, volume sales of personal — @| wwwevonik.com/

care products were considerably higher, especially in Europe and Asia, driven partly by new production Personal-care
Cp

posted a positive development. Adjusted EBITDA was lower than in the previous year as a result of lower

volumes and higher fixed costs, combined with start-up costs for growth-driven investments.

Skin care business divested
As part of the refocusing of the portfolio on high-margin specialty chemical products, the skin care
business was sold to Deb Group, Denby (UK) at the start of June 2014. The business model for the global
s p s Cc
e Ss
as part of the Deb Group.

Expansion in attractive growth markets

To drive the global expansion of its business with the cosmetics and consumer goods industry, Consumer

Ss

up a production plant for organic specialty surfactants with annual capacity of around 80,000 metric tons

in Shanghai (China) in fall 2013, the focus in 2014 was on construction of a new production facility in
i a s p

of euros and it will be able to produce up to 50,000 metric tons of ingredients and precursors for regional

and global customers. The new facility has high strategic importance for Consumer Specialties’ business

in South America: Around 80 percent of customers are based in economically important state of

s p t s

America for sustainable local products.

HEALTH & NUTRITION

The Health & Nutrition Business Unit produces and markets essential amino acids for animal nutrition.
It is also a strategic partner for the healthcare industry. Key success factors are years of experience

of chemical synthesis and biotechnology, which we regard as key growth drivers for the Evonik Group.
Other significant competitive advantages are its global distribution network and extensive and
differentiated service offering.

Further strong demand

t n u t

strong demand, especially for the amino acids methionine, lysine, threonine and tryptophan, which are —G| See glossary p. !#!
essential for animal nutrition. This was driven by global trends such as population growth and rising

new methionine complex in Singapore in the fourth quarter of 2014. The clear downward price trend that
started in summer 2012 slowed perceptibly during the year and in some cases a perceptible upturn in

ee

Financial statements
Management report

* ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#&

@| www.evonik.com/
feed-additives

prices was observed in the second half of the year. Overall, there was a slight increase in sales from amino
acids. Business with healthcare products held margins stable but sales were down slightly. The growth
rate for pharmaceutical polymers remained attractive thanks to new products and expansion of our service
offering. Adjusted EBITDA was lower than in the previous year, principally due to lower selling prices in
the first half of the year and to project costs in connection with growth investments.

Investment to strengthen leading market positions

Investment focuses on keeping pace with growth in the market for amino acids for modern animal nutrition.

a i s n

a three-year planning and construction phase. This is the first world-scale production facility for methionine

aie dl

and now has highly efficient, state-of-the-art production facilities in all major regions of the world. Total
M aMino dl

strategically important precursors, amounted to over €500 million. Asia is the fastest growing methionine

market in the world. Its momentum is attributable to progress with the introduction of sustainable modern

methods of livestock farming, population growth, and rising purchasing power, which is driving demand

for animal protein. Through this local presence with a new fully backwardly integrated production plant

M aMino e a
reliability of supply. Capacity at the new facility is 150,000 metric tons a year. That has increased Evonik’s
total production capacity for methionine to up to 580,000 metric tons p.a.
n
f methionine formulations tailored
specifically to the nutritional requirements of other species. In Mobile (Alabama, USA), a facility to
M i

M
coating that protects the methionine from undesired degradation in the rumen. Evonik has also developed
auaiM M
crustaceans. The first production facility for this product is currently under construction in Antwerp
(Belgium), and should come on stream in the second half of 2015. Investment is in the lower double-
digit million euro range.

n
I t
at the Castro site operated by the US company Cargill, from which Evonik already sources the main
n usa t

American market.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents

Business review

Segment performance

Resource Efficiency segment

The Resource Efficiency segment provides environment-friendly and energy-efficient system

solutions, mainly for the automotive sector and for the paints, coatings and construction industries.

The resource efficiency megatrend is the basis for energy-efficient and environment-friendly
products and therefore a key factor in the development of this segment s business. This segment
comprises the Inorganic Materials and Coatings & Additives Business Units.

T%&éKey data for the Resource Efficiency segment

+ suppleMentary inforMation

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
External sales 3,222 3,084 4

Inorganic Materials Business Unit 1,485 1,436 3

Coatings & Additives Business Unit 1,737 1,648 5
Adjusted EBITDA 703 655 7
Adjusted EBITDA margin in % 21.8 21.2 oan
Adjusted EBIT 569 539 6
Capital expenditures 199 230 —13
Depreciation and amortization 130 114 14
Capital employed (annual average) 1711 1,513 13
ROCE in % 33.3 35.6 —
No. of employees as of December 31 5,804 5,854 —1

Prior-year figures restated.

Considerable volume growth

The Resource Efficiency segment posted another very pleasing business performance in difficult eco-
nomic conditions. Sales rose 4 percent to €3,222 million, driven mainly by perceptible organic growth as
a result of another rise in volume sales and almost stable selling prices. The slightly negative currency
impact was offset by the first-time consolidation of Silbond Corporation, Weston (Michigan, USA), which

f

C14 Development of sales in the Resource Efficiency segment

in + million
2010 —OSEE
2011 +045
2012 ST 3.131
2013 3.034
2014 A 3222
T T T T T
0 1,000 2,000 3,000. 4,000 5,000

Figures up to July 2011 include the carbon black business that has since been divested.

Ht

Financial statements
J

Management report

"% ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#&

G] See glossary p. !#&

Very good earnings
Adjusted EBITDA increased 7 percent to €/03 million, mainly because of the rise in volumes and high
t e itda

C15 Development of adjusted EBITDA in the Resource Efficiency segment

in + million
2010 7:
2011 nn 765
2012 fn C‘*EDE;”[|’
2013 655
2014 es 703

T T T T

Figures up to July 2011 include the carbon black business that has since been divested.

Improved return on capital employed
Capital expenditures amounted to €199 million and were thus below the previous year’s high level.

€130 million. As a result of the expansion of production capacity, the average capital employed increased
by €198 million to €1,711 million. ROCE was very good at 33.3 percent, but below the prior-year level of
35.6 percent due to the growth-induced rise in capital employed.

INORGANIC MATERIALS

A central feature of the Inorganic Materials Business Unit is its integrated silicon technology platform.
Key customers include the tire, electronics, construction and fiber optics industries. This segment s
core competency is the production, design and structuring of the specific surface properties of
inorganic particles. Its offering is complemented by fumed specialty oxides, chlorosilanes and
organofunctional silanes. It also develops and manufactures a broad spectrum of catalysts in close
collaboration with customers.

Higher earnings

2014 was a successful year for the Inorganic Materials Business Unit. In response to high global demand,

it was able to raise volumes, helped by new production capacity. Precipitated silicas and silanes, in particular,
a n a

the global coatings market. The integration of Silbond Corporation was very successful. Business with

fumed silicas and specialty oxides developed positively and benefited from capacity expansions. Overall,

this business unit grew sales by 3 percent to €1,485 million. Adjusted EBITDA improved, thanks mainly to
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Business review

Segment performance

Acquisition in North America

s C teos f

Silicic acid esters are a special group of functional silanes used in a wide variety of high-growth appli-
cations, for example in the electronics industry. The acquisition of Silbond opens the door for Inorganic
M n a

participate in future growth in the market for silicic acid esters.

Targeted expansion of silica capacity
Since 2010 Evonik has been expanding its capacity for precipitated silica worldwide in response to the
global growth of customers in the tire, construction, food and animal feed industries. Using a combination
of silica and silanes, it is possible to manufacture tires with considerably lower rolling resistance
than conventional auto tires, resulting in fuel savings of up to 8 percent. As well as being used in tires with
low rolling resistance, precipitated silica is used as a carrier and anti-caking agent in the feed and food
industries, and as an additive in the paints and coatings industry.

f e a

M tp t in a

capacity of around 20,000 metric tons p.a. came on stream in Chester (Pennsylvania, USA) in September
2014. Investment in this new capacity in both Thailand and the USA was in the low double-digit million

a s p
scheduled to start operating in 2016. This will be our first production facility for highly dispersible silica
d s a is a
d
In addition, this business unit is raising specialty silica capacity, especially for customers in the food,
ia dsl Cc I dsi e

a 51 percent stake, is investing a sum in the single-digit million euro range. The new capacity is scheduled
to come into service in 2015.
Inorganic Materials opened a new production facility for the aerosil

r fe) fo) aerosil
the properties of high-performance adhesives and sealants, industrial resins, and paints and coatings. The
development of resource-saving products and technologies is generating buoyant demand. Key growth
drivers are the spread of renewable energies, one example being wind turbines, and the shift to structural
adhesives instead of traditional welding processes in the automotive industry.

@| www.evonik.com/
ultrasil

@| www.evonik.com/
rubber-silanes

©| www.evonik.com/
aerosil

Financial statements
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#’

©| www.evonik.com/
crosslinkers

G] See glossary p. !#’
@| www.evonik.com/
adhesive-resins

@| www.evonik.com/
oil-additives

COATINGS & ADDITIVES

The Coatings & Additives Business Unit supplies high-quality additives to the paints, coatings, adhesives
and sealants industries. It also produces high-performance oil additives and additives for hydraulic
fluids. Its integrated technology platform for isophorone-based products has been steadily refined
over the decades. In addition, Coatings & Additives is closely meshed with Evonik s silicone platform.

Considerable volume increases

t C a u t

business benefited especially from high demand from the automotive, coatings and construction sectors,

and from the start-up of new production capacity in China. It registered unchanged high demand from the

automotive, construction and transportation industries for oil additives that enhance the performance of
fo) Cc a u

Adjusted EBITDA rose despite the start-up costs for new production capacity.

Investment in the resource efficiency megatrend

More than €100 million has been invested in an integrated production complex for isophorone and isophorone
diamine in Shanghai (China), which came into service in spring 2014. Demand is driven principally by the
resource efficiency megatrend. lsophorone-based composites are used, for example, to make wind
turbines more efficient and automobiles lighter. Moreover, isophorone products increase the service
life of heavy-duty surfaces. That cuts maintenance costs and often makes refurbishment unnecessary.

e u
f a
a polybutadiene came into operation in Marl (Germany)
in fall 2014. Investment in this plant was in the mid-double-digit millions of euros. F -
e poly est t

engineering. In this sector, adhesives are increasingly being used to complement traditional welding
poly est t
plays a part in more efficient use of resources.

Cc a i
Singapore. Most of the ongoing improvements and debottlenecking measures were completed in 2014.
t

s {e) e isCople
components in ready-to-use lubricants, which are used in the automotive industry and for other industrial
applications. They improve engine performance, help raise fuel economy, and cut CO, emissions. In this way,
Evonik is responding to the above-average pace of growth in the oil additives market, especially in Asia.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation "(

Business review

Segment performance

Specialty Materials segment

The heart of the Specialty Materials segment is the production of polymer materials and inter-
mediates, mainly for the rubber and plastics industries. Progressive globalization offers market
opportunities for this segment, driven by the mobility and urbanization megatrends, which are
raising global demand for efficient transportation systems and sustainable construction methods.
We are also convinced that this segment s growth will be boosted by new applications resulting
from the substitution of materials. This segment comprises the Performance Polymers and
Advanced Intermediates Business Units.

Financial statements

T%&’ Key data for the Specialty Materials segment

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
External sales 4,569 4,490 2

Performance Polymers Business Unit 1,837 1,810 1

Advanced Intermediates Business Unit 2,732 2,680 2
Adjusted EBITDA 444 552 —20
Adjusted EBITDA margin in % 9.7 12.3 —
Adjusted EBIT 261 395 —34
Capital expenditures 290 290 —
Depreciation and amortization 172 157 10
Capital employed (annual average) 2,132 2,019 6
ROCE in % 12.2 19.6 oan
No. of employees as of December 31 6,236 6,268 —1

Prior-year figures restated.

Higher sales

The Specialty Materials segment grew sales 2 percent to €4,569 million, driven by far higher volume sales
and the start-up of new production capacity. The downward trend in selling prices slowed perceptibly
during the year but overall prices were lower than in the previous year.

C16 Development of sales in the Specialty Materials segment

in + million

2010 4,117

2011 4,880
2012 erred 4,843

2013 a 4,490
2014 eee 4,569
T T T T

T T
0 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000

J

Management report

") ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

@| www.evonik.com/
rohacell

G] See glossary p. !#!

Adjusted EBITDA down year-on-year
Adjusted EBITDA fell 20 percent to €444 million, mainly because of the drop in selling prices. The adjusted
EBITDA margin was a weak 9.7 percent, down from 12.3 percent in 2013.

C17 Development of adjusted EBITDA in the Specialty Materials segment

in + million
2010 ST 32
2011 ne 907
2012 ns 853
2013 es 552
2014 4:
T T T T T

High capital expenditures

To increase its global production capacity, Specialty Materials invested €290 million in property, plant and

equipment in 2014, as in 2013. Capital expenditures were therefore again well above depreciation and
t

€2,132 million as a result of intensive investment spending. ROCE dropped from 19.6 percent to 12.2 percent,

mainly as a consequence of the reduction in earnings.

PERFORMANCE POLYMERS

The Performance Polymers Business Unit produces a wide range of high-performance materials,
mainly for the automotive, aviation, electronics and photovoltaic industries. At its heart are integrated
technology platforms for methylmethacrylate chemistry (MMA) and polyamide 12. In addition,

it manufactures high-performance polymers based on polyetherether ketone (PEEK) and polyimides
to meet extremely high-tech mechanical, thermal and chemical requirements. Membrane technology
is also developing promisingly.

Lower adjusted EBITDA

Business in the Performance Polymers Business Unit was held back by the difficult economic situation. In
particular, demand for methacrylates weakened. By contrast, business with ro aCell

and membranes developed well. Sales increased by 1 percent to €1,837 million, partly because production
of cyclododecatriene (CDT) was ramped up gradually in 2013 so only small quantities could be sold at the
start of the year. Adjusted EBITDA declined.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents

Business review

Segment performance

Targeted capacity expansion

Performance Polymers raised production capacity for polyamide 12 further in Marl (Germany) to increase
reliability of supply of the structural material estaMid i

estosint t
f e

conventional route based on an improved process for a stand-alone C,, line right up to the polymer. At the
same time, good progress has been made towards a biosynthesis route based on palm kernel oil—without
butadiene and cyclododecatriene (CDT) . This process uses 100 percent renewable raw materials and

produces w-amino-lauric acid, an alternative to petroleum-based laurin lactam, which yields an identical
e s ! s
more than a year will be used to select the process for the next capacity increase for polyamide 12.

ADVANCED INTERMEDIATES

Key factors in the success of the Advanced Intermediates Business Unit are advanced chemical
processes, which Evonik has developed systematically over decades. This applies in particular for the
integrated CO technology platform, where CO crack is processed into specialties. This business unit
has gained access to new growth markets for hydrogen peroxide thanks to its innovative capability.
It is a world market leader in alcoholates, which are used as catalysts in the production of biodiesel.

High demand

Strong volume growth lifted sales 2 percent to €2,732 million. The hydrogen peroxide business developed
very well, benefiting above all from the new capacity that came on stream in China at the start of 2014
and higher demand from applications based on the HPPO process developed by Evonik and ThyssenKrupp
i s f biodiesel were also sold
thanks to the new production plant built in South America in 2013. Performance Intermediates also
registered higher demand. Although the downward price trend that started in spring 2012 weakened
during 2014, the present low price level is unsatisfactory. Adjusted EBITDA dropped considerably as a
result of lower selling prices.

Systematic refinement of processes
The Advanced Intermediates Business Unit completed the fourth expansion phase of a production plant for
an exclusive intermediate in Antwerp (Belgium). This product has been produced exclusively for a leading
agrochemical company since 1979 under a long-term supply agreement. The customer uses it to produce
its largest and fastest-growing herbicide.

Advanced Intermediates is one of Europe’s leading producers of C" products, OXO alcohols and
plasticizers, with a strong market position and technology platform. It is continuously refining its demand-

f world- scale production facility
p Mg

improvement: Use of the new ligand OxoPhos64i developed by Evonik allows the plant to operate for
longer with less maintenance. At the same time, even more efficient use is made of the raw materials.

- suppleMentary inforMation

@| www.evonik.com/
vestamid

G] See glossary p. !#!

G] See glossary p. !#!

@| www.evonik.com/
h!%!

G] See glossary p. !#!
G| See glossary p. !#!

G] See glossary p. !#!
and p. !#°
G] See glossary p. !#&

@| www.evonik.com/
oxo-alcohols

Financial statements
J

Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Services segment

This segment comprises Site Services and Business Services. It mainly provides services for the
chemicals segments and the Corporate Center, and also serves third parties. The Site Services

unit bundles cross-site infrastructure services, such as utilities, waste management, logistics and
facility management. Business Services supports the specialty chemicals operations and the
Corporate Center by providing standardized administrative services, including IT, human resources,
accounting and legal services. The Services segment also includes the Group-wide procurement
and engineering operations.

T%&( Key data for the Services segment

Change
in ,-million 2014 2013 in %
External sales 895 883 1
Adjusted EBITDA 180 183 —2
Adjusted EBITDA margin in % 20.1 20.7 —
Adjusted EBIT 80 86 —7
Capital expenditures 148 123 20
Depreciation and amortization 99 96 3
Capital employed (annual average) 520 524 —1
ROCE in % 15.4 16.4 an
No. of employees as of December 31 12,710 12,192 4

Prior-year figures restated.

The Services segment generates sales internally with the specialty chemicals segments and Corporate
Center (2014: €1,842 million), and externally, mainly through services and procurement for external
customers. In 2014 external sales increased by 1 percent to €895 million, principally due to a rise in
procurement activity. Adjusted EBITDA was €180 million, almost at the prior-year level.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Business review

Regional development

2.7 Regional development

A global presence
As part of our growth strategy, we are expanding our presence in emerging markets. We define these as
selected countries in Asia, South America, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East. In 2014, 78 percent of our
sales were generated outside Germany.

Sales in Germany declined by 2 percent to €2,814 million. Capital expenditures rose 18 percent to

a polybutadienes came on stream at the
M ir aerosil

a

C18 Sales by region

Other °%

Asia-Pacific &#% Germany "%

Central and South America $%

North America &"%

Other European Countries — ((%

4 By location of customer.

Sales in the Other European Countries declined 5 percent to €4,235 million with all three segments
playing a part in this. This region’s share of Group sales increased to 33 percent. Capital expenditures in
this region rose 62 percent to €133 million. In Antwerp (Belgium), the fourth phase in the extension of
a facility for an exclusive intermediate for agrochemicals was completed.

Higher investment in the Americas

In North America, t Cc n

Specialty Materials segments reported lower sales in this region, while the Resource Efficiency segment
increased its sales. This region’s share of Group sales was unchanged at 18 percent. Capital expenditures
rose 8 percent to €141 million. Additional capacity for precipitated silicas was successfully taken into
service in Chester (Pennsylvania, USA).

G] See glossary p. !#”

os

Financial statements
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#’

=] See p.$%% ff.

In Central and South America, Evonik’s sales totaled €777 million, which was 4 percent less than in 2013.

t Cc n t

region accounted for an unchanged 6 percent of total sales. Capital expenditures to step up our operations

in this region rose to €106 million (2013: €57 million). A new production plant for ingredients and
a

f d

Expansion of our market positions in Asia-Pacific

Sales in the Asia-Pacific region rose 6 percent to €2,440 million, with all three segments contributing to

this. The region’s share of Group sales increased to 19 percent. Capital expenditures amounted to

€323 million, below the previous year’s high figure of €513 million. In Singapore, the new backwardly
dl t

isophorone and isophorone diamine_ were also successfully brought on stream in China, and in Thailand

production capacity for precipitated silica was extended.

2.8 Earnings position

Income before income taxes, continuing operations at prior-year level
Sales rose 2 percent to €12,917 million thanks to higher demand. The cost of sales also increased by 2 percent

to this, while cost-savings from the On Track 2.0 efficiency enhancement program held back the rise. The
gross profit on sales was around the prior-year level at €3,609 million. Administrative expenses decreased
by 5 percent to €601 million thanks to the first savings from the program to streamline administrative
structures and high cost discipline. To strengthen our innovative capability still further, we raised spending
on research and development by 5 percent to €413 million.

Other operating income and expenses include income or expenses from the measurement of derivatives
and from currency translation of monetary assets and liabilities. The other operating income of €700 million
includes income of €488 million (2013: €430 million) from these two items. Without these items, other
operating income declined by €246 million to €212 million, principally because the prior-year figure
included insurance refunds. The other operating expenses of €960 million comprise expenses relating to
the measurement of derivatives and the currency translation of monetary assets and liabilities totaling
€509 million (2013: €451 million). Excluding these two items, other operating expenses dropped by
€219 million to €451 million. The decline resulted primarily from lower expenses for restructuring. Income
before the financial result and income taxes, continuing operations was around the prior-year level at
€1,046 million.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation "it

Business review

Earnings position

T%&) Income statement for the Evonik Group

Change Fi
in ,-million 2014 2013 in % 2
Sales 12,917 12,708 2 z
Cost of sales — 9,308 —9,111 2 i
Gross pro t on sales 3,609 3,597 —
Selling expenses — 1,289 — 1,294 —
Research and development expenses —413 — 394 5
General administrative expenses —601 —631 —5
Other operating income 700 888 —21
Other operating expenses —960 —1,121 —14
Income before nancial result and income taxes, continuing operations 1,046 1,045 _
Financial result —204 —236 —14
Income before income taxes, continuing operations 842 809 4
Income taxes —252 —224 13
Income a+er taxes, continuing operations 590 585 1
Income a/er taxes, discontinued operations —9 1,428 —
Income a+er taxes 581 2,013 —71
thereof attributable to
Non-controlling interests 13 —4l1 —
Shareholders of Evonik Industries AG (net income) 568 2,054 —72

Prior-year figures restated.

Net income below previous year’s very high level

The financial result was minus €204 million and contains one-off interest expense of €26 million in con-
nection with the establishment of provisions. Excluding this effect, the financial result was €58 million
higher. Income before income taxes, continuing operations rose 4 percent to €842 million. The 13 percent
increase in income taxes to €252 million was mainly due to higher earnings and lower tax income relating
to other periods. Income after taxes, continuing operations increased by 1 percent to €590 million.

Income after taxes, discontinued operations was minus €9 million and mainly related to operating income See Note *.’,
from the investment in STEAG, which was divested in September 2014, and the lithium-ion business. The p.SOEE
prior-year figure of €1,428 million mainly comprised the proceeds from the divestment of the real estate

i n

in after-tax income amounted to €13 million (2013: minus €41 million) and comprised the pro rata profits
and losses of fully consolidated subsidiaries that are attributable to shareholders outside the Evonik Group.
The net income of €568 million was therefore well below the very high prior-year level.
Management report

#% ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#"

G] See glossary p. !#*

2.9 Financial condition

Central financial management

The principal objectives of financial management are safeguarding the financial independence of the
Evonik Group and limiting financial risks. We therefore apply a central financing strategy. Borrowing and

e i ag e f
e i ag t

liquidity is placed in a cash pool at Group level to cover financing requirements in other Group companies.
Evonik has a flexible range of corporate financing instruments to meet liquidity requirements for day-to-
day business, investments, and the repayment of financial debt.

Solid investment grade ratings and active management of pension obligations

i M s p sp e
Industries AG. Moody’s rating sp

Maintaining a sound investment grade rating is a central element in our finance strategy. To ensure this,
in the long term the ratio of net debt (including unfunded pension obligations) to adjusted EBITDA should
not exceed 2.5. As of December 31, 2014 it was 1.8, compared with 1.4 at year-end 2013. The change
was mainly attributable to the interest rate-driven €1.6 billion rise in unfunded pension obligations to
€10.7 billion and to some extent to slightly lower adjusted EBITDA compared with 2013. The rise in
unfunded pension obligations was actively countered by a further voluntary contribution of €209 million’
to the contractual trust arrangement (CTA f Cta

Net financial asset position
n t
mainly due to the repayment in October of the €750 million bond issued in 2009, which had a coupon of
f
of the bond, high capital expenditures, the €466 million dividend payment for 2013, and the cash contri-
bution to the CTA. A countereffect came from receipt of the purchase price for the shares in STEAG.
n d
compared with €571 million on December 31, 2013.

1 Including a refund of €9 million for advance tax payments by the CTA.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents

Business review

f

T%&! Net financial assets

+ suppleMentary inforMation

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
in ,-million 2014 2013
Non-current nancial liabilities —639 —627
Current nancial liabilities —290 —979
Financial debt —929 — 1,606
Cash and cash equivalents 921 1,527
Current securities 387 635
Other nancial assets 21 15
Financial assets 1,329 2,177
Net nancial assets as stated on the balance sheet 400 S71
Net nancial assets, discontinued operations — 18
Net nancial assets (total) 400 589

Prior-year figures restated.

Corporate bonds as a central financing instrument
a
bank loans totaling €406 million, and other liabilities of €27 million.

On the reporting date, €500 million of the debt issuance program with a total volume of up to €3 billion
had been used to issue a bond. This bond has a coupon of 1.875 percent and matures in 2020. In January
2015, after the reporting date, a further €750 million bond was issued. This matures in 2023 (8 years) and

has a coupon of 1.0 percent.

Over 65 percent of the Group’s financial liabilities are denominated in euros. Only Group companies

t
Cc Cny rl us usd a
and the new Taiwan dollar (TWD).

a

C19 Maturity profile of financial liabilities

ars

in + million

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

eS
=
=
x
i
2020 eens

2022 ff.

2021 1
f
T

0 100 200 300 400 500

As of December 31, 2014.

* Contains all material financial liabilities relating to bonds, bank loans and promissory note loans.

#&

Financial statements
Management report

a ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#’

Strong liquidity position

Alongside cash and cash equivalents of €921 million and investments of €387 million in current securities,
the Group's central source of liquidity is a €1.75 billion revolving credit facility from a syndicate of
27 national and international banks. This credit facility is divided into two tranches of €875 million each,
which now run until September 2017 and 2019 respectively as the option to extend them by one year was
exercised. This credit facility was not drawn at any time in 2014. It does not contain any covenants requiring
Evonik to meet specific financial ratios.

f d

to meet local requirements, especially in the Asia-Pacific region.

Significant growth projects completed successfully
In the specialty chemicals sector Evonik is expanding in business areas and markets where it already has—
i
sustained profitable growth and value creation. Every project undergoes detailed strategic and economic
analyses. In addition, there is a minimum return requirement for every project based on Evonik’s cost
p

are always reviewed for changes in the market situation. Examples of the facilities successfully completed
and new capacity introduced without any adverse effect on the market are the new methionine complex
in Singapore, which was Evonik’s biggest single investment in the chemicals operations, the production
facility for isophorone and isophorone diamine_ in Shanghai (China), and the plant for hydroxyl-terminated
polybutadiene in Marl (Germany). We have already successfully implemented well over half of this invest-
ment program and had invested around €3.2 billion by the end of 2014. Our flexible and disciplined
approach resulted in a slight reduction in the total amount budgeted for this program from the original
level of €6 billion to up to €5.5 billion between 2012 and 2016.

Capital expenditures were €1,123 million, which was around the prior-year level (2013: €1,140 million).
This high level mainly reflects the growth strategy adopted to create value.

t Cc
n s M
was invested in the Resource Efficiency segment. The regional focus of capital expenditures was Germany,

ap n

America (13 percent).
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation #(

Business review

f

T%&$ Major projects completed or virtually completed in ’%&)

2
Segment Location Project 5
Consumer, Health & Nutrition Singapore New methionine complex 5
- Americana (Brazil) Construction of an integrated oleochemicals facility 3
Resource E.ciency Shanghai (China) Construction of production facilities for z

isophorone and isophorone diamine

Chester (USA) Capacity expansion for precipitated silica
Map Ta Phut (Thailand) Capacity expansion for precipitated silica
Rheinfelden (Germany) Capacity expansion for fumed specialty silica
Marl (Germany) Construction of a production plant for

hydroxyl-terminated polybutadiene

Specialty Materials Antwerp (Belgium) Extension of capacity for an exclusive
intermediate for herbicide production

For further information on current capital expenditure projects, please see the section on Segment performance. See p.#* f f.

f t
d fe] C gad g
brand partnership, and the acquisition of Silbond Corporation.

Cash flow at the good prior-year level

Evonik’s cash flow from operating activities, continuing operations was €1,035 million in 2014, around
the prior-year level. The cash flow from operating activities, discontinued operations was €31 million
compared with €21 million in 2013, and mainly related to the lithium-ion business and the stake in STEAG
which has now been sold. Overall, the cash flow from operating activities increased by €11 million to
€1,066 million.

T%&*Cash flow statement (excerpt)

in ,-million 2014 2013
Cash ow from operating activities, continuing operations 1,035 1,034
Cash ow from operating activities, discontinued operations 31 21

Cash ow from operating activities 1,066 1,055
Cash ow from investing activities, continuing operations —575 304
Cash ow from investing activities, discontinued operations —1 59

Cash ow from investing activities —576 363
Cash ow from nancing activities, continuing operations —1,155 — 1,041
Cash ow from nancing activities, discontinued operations —_ 418

Cash ow from nancing activities —1,155 —623

Change in cash and cash equivalents — 665 795

Prior-year figures restated.
Management report

#) ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#*

The cash flow from investing activities, continuing operations comprised an outflow of €575 million. This
was mainly for capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment and investments, and the cash
contribution to the CTA. This was countered by cash inflows, mainly from the disposal of investments,
especially the stake in STEAG, and current securities. In 2013, cash inflows from the divestment of the
majority of shares in the real estate activities resulted in a cash inflow of €304 million. Together with the
corresponding cash flow from the discontinued operations, there was a cash outflow of €576 million for
investing activities, compared with an inflow of €363 million in 2013.

The cash flow from financing activities, continuing operations comprised an outflow of €1,155 million.
This was mainly for the repayment of financial debt, especially the redemption of the corporate bond
issued by Evonik Industries AG, and payment of the dividend. In 2013, there was a cash outflow of
€1,041 million for financing activities, mainly for redemption of the Evonik Degussa bond and the
dividend payment.

The cash inflow from financing activities, discontinued operations of €418 million in 2013 mainly
related to the former Real Estate segment. In all, there was a cash outflow of €1,155 million for financing
activities in 2014, compared with an outflow of €623 million in the previous year.

C20 Cash and cash equivalents December 31, 2014 versus December 31, 2013

in + million
3,000.
+1,035
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
Dec. 31, 2013 Cash flow, Cash flow, Cash flow, Cash flow Other Dec. 31, 2014
Cash and cash operating investing financing discontinued Cash and cash
equivalents activities * activities * activities * operations equivalents *

* Continuing operations.

Prior-year figure restated.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation #!

Business review
Asset structure

2.10 Asset structure

Slight decrease in total assets

a d n

increased by €0.5 billion to €10.3 billion. The main reason for this was investment in new production
facilities. The sale of the stake in STEAG had a counter-effect. Current assets contracted by €0.7 billion
to €5.4 billion, mainly because of the scheduled repayment of the Evonik Industries bond in October 2014.
n

the same maturity structure.

Financial statements

C21 Balance sheet structure of the Evonik Group

in + million
2014 * 2013 * 2014 * 2013 *
6,522 6,836 Equity
(42%) (43%)
Non-current assets 10,251 9,778
(65%) (62%)
5,399 Non-current liabilities
6,241 (34%)
(40%)
Current assets 5,434 6,105
(35%) (38%) 2,922 3,648 Current liabilities
(18%) (23%)
Total assets 15,685 15,883 15,685 15,883 Total equity and liabilities

* As of December 31.

Prior-year figures restated.

Equity declined by €0.3 billion to €6.5 billion, mainly because of the reduction in the discount rate for
pension provisions. The equity ratio declined from 43.0 percent to 41.6 percent.

=|] See Note #.&,
p. !%# f.

to €6.2 billion. Current liabilities decreased by €0.7 billion to €2.9 billion. This was due to repayment of
the Evonik bond.
Management report

#$

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

3. Performance of Evonik Industries AG

Evonik Industries AG, Essen (Germany) is the parent company of the Evonik Group. It holds direct and
indirect stakes in all subsidiaries in the Group. The annual financial statements for Evonik Industries AG
have been prepared in accordance with the accounting standards set out in the German Commercial Code

fe] fe] s Cc aag

e a e s fe] e i
ag t e s g
services for Group companies, especially in the areas of information technology, communication, human
resources and accounting. The economic assets, contracts and employment contracts were transferred and
e i ag e s g
Pro forma data are presented in an additional column in the balance sheet and income statement to allow
economic comparability with the prior-year figures. These data are based on the assumption that the asset
deal had already taken place on April 1, 2013. They are the basis for the year-on-year comparison in the
following comments on business performance.

On December 31, 2014 there were plant management agreements between Evonik Industries AG

e d fe] e r fe] e oa fe] e

g r 9g e t g i g
g i g M g e d 9g
economic effect from January 1, 2014.

These companies remain the economic owners of the assets and liabilities of the plants. Consequently
the opportunities and risks are still borne by and assigned to them. As the operator, Evonik Industries AG

of the plants. As a result of this structure, the sales revenues shown on the income statement of Evonik
Industries AG only contain fees for the management of these plants. All other income and expenses are

The earnings performance of Evonik Industries AG is essentially dependent on the performance of its
subsidiaries, service and plant management fees, and income and expenses relating to corporate financing
f
that contains all these effects: net income.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT

Performance of Evonik Industries AG

T%&" Income statement for Evonik Industries AG

+ Consolidated finanCial stateMents

- suppleMentary inforMation

Pro Forma
in ,-million 2014 2013 2013
Sales 216 44 228
Other operating income 425 2,194 2,194
Cost of materials —2 — —1
Personnel expense —206 —116 —283
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment,
amortization of non-current intangible assets —6 —3 —7
Other operating expenses —647 — 620 —673
Operating result —220 1,499 1,458
Income from investments. 921 453 505
Write-downs of nancial assets and marketable securities —121 —17 —17
Write-ups of nancial assets 96 48 48
Net interest expense —86 —99 —110
Income before income taxes 590 1,884 1,884
Extraordinary income —_ 12 12
Extraordinary expense —_ —15 —15
Extraordinary loss —_ —3 —3
Income taxes —123 —66 —66
Net income/net loss 467 1,815 1,815
Allocation to revenue reserves 1 907 907
Net prot 466 908 908

Sales were €216 million and contain plant management fees of €48 million (2013: €44 million). That was
a decline of 5 percent compared with the pro forma figure for the prior year, mainly as a result of lower
fees for services. The other operating income comprises currency translation gains (€354 million). In the
gross presentation, currency translation losses (€337 million) are shown in other operating expenses,

separately from the currency translation gains. The net effect was income of €17 million. The prior-year
figure of €2,194 million mainly comprised income from the sale of the majority of the shares in the real
estate business totaling €1,791 million. Personnel expenses declined from €283 million to €206 million.
This was principally due to the fact that the prior-year figure contained higher remuneration for the
Executive Board and expenses for planned measures in the administrative units. This item does not include
personnel expense for the employees transferred under the new plant management structure because
economically they are still attributable to the companies that own the plants.

| Seep. $!f f,
and Note $%.’,
p. *& f.

+e

Financial statements
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Income from investments increased to €921 million, mainly because of higher income from profit and loss
t g t
write-downs of financial assets and marketable securities totaling €121 million and write-ups of financial
assets totaling €96 million mainly related to affiliated companies. The net interest expense of €86 million
mainly resulted from borrowing for the company’s financing activities for the Group. This item also contains
interest income and expense from the Group-wide cash pool, which is concentrated at Evonik Industries
AG. Income before taxes was €590 million, compared with €1,884 million in 2013. The extraordinary loss
of €3 million in the previous year comprised expenses in connection with the stock market listing. The
extraordinary expenses in 2013 included expenses of €12 million for preparation of the stock exchange
n a
this was below the high prior-year figure, which contained the divestment gain from the sale of the major-

leaving a net profit of €466,000,000.00. The Executive Board will propose to the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting that the net profit should be distributed in full. That corresponds to a dividend of €1.00 per share.

T%&# Balance sheet for Evonik Industries AG

Pro forma
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
in ,-million 2014 2013 2013
Assets
Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment 20 8 18
Financial assets 8,834 8,745 8,745
Non-current assets 8,854 8,753 8,763
Receivables and other assets 4,354 3,671 3,697
Securities 377 630 630
Cash and cash equivalents 606 1,186 1,186
Current assets 5,337 5,487 5,513
Prepaid expenses and deferred charges 7 1 3
Total assets 14,198 14,241 14,279
Equity and liabilities
Issued capital 466 466 466
Capital reserve 720 720 720
Revenue reserves 3,635 3,192 3,192
Net pro t 466 908 908
Equity 5,287 5,286 5,286
Provisions 2,278 2,044 2,288
Payables 6,633 6,911 6,705
Total equity and liabilities 14,198 14,241 14,279

-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation Ht

Performance of Evonik Industries AG

e i ag f
mainly comprise shares in subsidiaries. The receivables mainly comprise claims for reimbursements in

connection with plant management, and financial receivables of €1.9 billion, principally in connection with
loans and cash pooling activities. Equity was unchanged at €5.3 billion, and the equity ratio improved from
37.0 percent in 2013 to 37.2 percent in 2014. The provisions of €2.3 billion include €1.5 billion relating to
the plants managed by Evonik Industries AG. The receivables and liabilities reflect the financing activities
of Evonik Industries AG in its role as the holding company for the Group. Payables include financial liabilities
of €5.7 billion. €5.2 billion of this comprises liabilities to affiliated companies, mainly in connection with
cash pooling activities. A further €500 million relates to the corporate bond.

Financial statements

Opportunities and risks

The most significant operating subsidiaries in Germany have profit-and-loss transfer agreements with

Evonik Industries AG. In line with the central financing strategy of the Evonik Group, most internal and

external financing transactions are handled by Evonik Industries AG. Consequently, Evonik Industries AG
e g f

be found in the Opportunity and risk report.

Outlook’ for 2015

We anticipate that in 2015 Evonik Industries AG will report net income of around the same level as in
2014. We assume that income from investments will remain at an attractive level and that expenses for
financing activities will be lower. By contrast, the low interest rates mean that pension provisions may
have a negative impact.

Report on relations with affiliated companies

A report on Evonik Industries AG’s relations with affiliated companies has been prepared in accordance

with Section 312 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). It concludes with the following declaration:

fe}

in this report on relations with affiliated companies under the circumstances known to us at the time
n

lf r =] p.144 ff.
J

Management report

&%% +=ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

@| www.evonik.com/

creavis

4. Research & development

Innovation—a strategic success factor for Evonik
Evonik—one of the world’s most innovative companies. That is the vision that guides our research and
rdtg I i
innovative capability, is a key element in this. It is our response to the challenging situation in the chemical
industry, with increasingly short product life cycles, customer-specific requirements and a considerable
rd

A culture of innovation is a key factor in a company’s innovative capability. It determines whether—

and how fast—employees are able to identify and drive forward good ideas, and convert them into addi-
t rd
e

and this is firmly anchored in its innovation management and executive development activities. Within the
Evonik Group, we foster the sharing of knowledge and encourage a business mindset. Every year, we
present an Innovation Award in various categories to honor outstanding research achievements.

C22 Our claim: First-class in innovation

Evonik is one of the most innovative Explore new horizons

companies in the world Push radical innovation

Cross-unit collaboration

Increase the value of the
innovation pipeline

Enhance risk-taking

Trust, openness and transparency
New products, applications,

and processes must make

a substantial contribution to sales and profit

Improve knowledge sharing

i rd rd
a year since 2009. They amounted to €413 million in 2014, an increase of 5 percent compared with the
tord 1 was 3.2 percent (2013: 3.1 percent). Around 80 percent
rd
technologies and markets. Roughly another 10 percent is used by the operating units to research and
develop new business. The remaining 10 percent is spent on strategic development by our innovation unit
Creavis to build up new high-tech activities outside the present portfolio. Moreover, in the past three
years Evonik has spent €130 million on building laboratory capacity and pilot plants.
Examples of recent successes include a new generation of bioresorbable polylactides for non-aggressive
therapies and a wide range of applications in medical technology, silane-modified binders for clear
automotive paints, and a new group of polyamides based on castor oil.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation KE

Research & development

The large number of first-time patent applications filed by Evonik places it at the forefront of the specialty
chemicals sector. In 2014 we had more than 25,000 patents and pending patents and filed around 250 new
patent applications. The value of our patent portfolio has increased steadily in recent years.

rd
term projects, and intend to raise the value of our pipeline further in the coming years. Attractive products,
applications and processes make an important contribution to our growth strategy, along with organic

Financial statements

growth and acquisitions. Promising areas of innovation are ingredients for the cosmetics industry, membranes,
specialty materials for medical technology, feed and food additives, and composites. In addition, we want
to steadily extend our expertise in catalysis and biotechnology.

T%’ % R&D at Evonik

R&D expenses 413-million
R&D ratio 3.2%
R&D employees approx. 2,600
Locations approx. 35
R&D projects approx. 500
No. of new patent applications led in 2014 approx. 250
Patents held and applications led more than 25,000
Registered/pending trademarks more than 7,000

Intensive dialogue stimulates innovation
An important source of innovation is interaction between specialists from different disciplines, both within
the company and with other scientists, industrial partners and our customers. The close correlation
between innovation and proximity to customers has traditionally been a key success factor for our business.
Working closely with our customers enables us to build knowledge of their specific requirements
Oo
completely new products and applications which provide a sound basis for profitable growth in the future.
a ! i M s
them more closely into the innovation process. Our product and marketing expertise for key end-markets
such as the automotive, pharmaceuticals and paints and coatings industries is bundled in special cross-unit
teams. That also increases our visibility to potential customers. We bring together our in-house expertise
in specialty chemicals, process technology and engineering at an early stage in projects. This facilitates
rapid transfer of new processes to industrial production.
i
at Evonik. In the project houses at Creavis, experts work with specialists from the operating business
on scientific tasks. At present the project houses, which are set up for a defined time period, are working

t Cc p
is developing innovative materials and system solutions for lightweight construction, while the Medical
d p
i o rd

a platform for them to share their knowledge, experience and ideas for innovations. Examples are the
l i usa s Cc
Management report

&I ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

@| www.evonik.com/
venturing

In the areas of research and development we are deliberately becoming more open to external partners.
We cooperate with research institutes and universities, other companies and start-ups so that the latest
f

example, in 2014 we set up a partnership with the University of Tokyo and stepped up cooperation with
Jiao Tong University in Shanghai. As part of our innovation partnership we have established a project with
Singapore's state-run Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) to develop alternative
anti-fouling marine coatings. Bio-fouling is the undesirable growth of marine organisms, plants and algae
on wet surfaces such as ship hulls. This greatly reduces fuel efficiency so prevention is of enormous
economic significance. We also successfully developed the Evonik Call for Research Proposals, where we
invite external scientists to submit proposed solutions to a specific issue. In 2014, for example, we called for
proposals for a new technology to mask the taste of pharmaceutical active ingredients and neutraceuticals.

Another platform for discussion with leading scientists is the Evonik Meets Science forum, which was

t a f fe] s i f
new materials: composites, membrane technology, and bio-based polymers. In 2014 Evonik awarded
f I p M a d M p i
C p g

his research.
Our corporate venture capital activities give Evonik access to attractive new growth markets. By taking

and businesses aligned to our growth strategy at an early stage of development. We added three invest-

ments to our portfolio in 2014: Biosynthetic Technologies, which is headquartered in Irvine (California,

usa as n M usa n fo) I f

Biosynthetic Technologies produces a new class of bio-based oils that are used as high-performance

lubricants. Algal Scientific manufactures and markets a polysaccharide that is added to food and animal
n

recognition of gestures in 3D, medical technology and displays.

Expansion of R&D in attractive growth markets
rd e
on the pulse of dynamic growth markets. The aim is to enhance the competitiveness of our customers in
these regions through research, applications technology, and technology services aligned to local needs.
One example is our functional silanes laboratory in Mumbai (India), which provides technical know-how
and customer-specific silane formulations for customers in India. In May 2014 we inaugurated a new
a t Cc e s t
display industry in Asia and develop applications tailored specifically to their needs. A new laboratory
for the preparation of catalysts in Shanghai (China) is an important step towards building up a research
and development presence for catalysts in the Greater China region, where Evonik has had a production
facility for precious metal powder catalysts since 2010. These activities complement our established
a rd s
s s I e p t
t M d p
is located in the USA, a significant market for medical technology.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents

Research & development

Sustainability is an important innovation driver
We are systematically extending Evonik’s contribution to sustainable development through resource-
f

C p
of bio-based w-amino-lauric acid yields an identical polyamide 12 (PA12) and is therefore an important
step in the production of sustainable high-tech polymers. In the long term, the new process could supple-
ment butadiene-based production of PA12. The process is currently being scaled up for industrial use at a

s 1 s

Together with the Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy in Germany, Creavis has
developed the I2P® (idea to people, planet, profit) innovation management process, which takes account
of economic criteria (profit), environmental influences (planet) and societal aspects (people) when assessing
projects for new products.

To quantify and evaluate the potential climate impact of new products and processes at an early stage
C C f e e

Commitment to fostering talented young people

f e i

especially talented and committed students at 14 universities in Germany. These scholarships, which are
awarded by the German government in collaboration with private sponsors, are designed to encourage

t e f

students and doctoral candidates with their research for many years. Regular meetings with these young
scientists give them an early insight into day-to-day work in the field of specialty chemicals and position
us as an attractive employer for talented young people.

Market-oriented research & development
In 2014 our operating units once again developed major innovative products and processes up to market
maturity or market launch. At the same time, progress was made with important basic projects. Special

In the Consumer, Health & Nutrition segment, a new conditioning agent developed by the Consumer
Specialties Business Unit is aimed at the growing need for high-performance hair care products. The new
ingredient combines exceptional performance with biodegradability and ease of incorporation in products
such as shampoos and conditioners. The esterquat (quarternium-98) is produced from renewable, non-
palm-oil based feedstocks. Scientific studies show that the new ingredient provides superior manage-

t ariosoft
e
In 2014, the Health & Nutrition u eudraguard
e u usa eudraguard
i eurdragit
I eudraguard

active ingredients by stomach acid, and ensure extended release and taste and odor masking. It should
allow the formulation of neutraceuticals with improved properties, leading to better acceptance by
eudraguard

- suppleMentary inforMation &%(

Financial statements

Innovation
Award 2014

New Products/
System Solutions
category

Project:

The solution

for the TV of the
future (iXsenic1
metal oxide semi-
conductor material)

Coatings &
Additives Business
Unit/Creavis

New or Improved
Process category

Project:

An inventive
combination that
boosts amino acid
yields (optimized
downstream
process in
fermentation)

Health & Nutrition
Business Unit/
Process Technology
& Engineering
Management report

&%) ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

@| www.evonik.com/
siper nat

G] See glossary p. !#&

G] See glossary p. !#’

In the past, microscopic polyethylene and polypropylene particles have been used in exfoliants in
the cosmetics industry. The Inorganic Materials Business Unit in the Resource Efficiency segment has
sipernat sipernat pc
sipernat pc i n {e) Cc a
sipernat

sipernat s
sipernat
body exfoliants.
In 2014 the Coatings & Additives Business Unit started up a new production plant for hydroxyl
terminated liquid polybutadiene at Evonik’s site in Marl (Germany) with annual capacity of several thousand
metric tons. This was preceded by intensive development work, which successfully added this function-

e poly est t
windows and as a structural adhesive in non-weldable composites used in auto bodywork. Key growth
poly est t
the above-average growth of the adhesives market.
1 t

i ylig t

f M e r M Ff
estaMelt

Performance Polymers Business Unit (Specialty Materials segment). This new system allows significant
weight reductions at no additional cost and can be used in serial production. In the research consortium,
which was led by Evonik, partners from all stages in the value chain and universities worked together
closely for a period of three years

A team from the Advanced Intermediates u e a
developed a significant process improvement for our world-scale production facility for the high-molecular
p M og u Oo Pp
the plant to operate for longer with less maintenance. Moreover, the raw materials can be used more
p p C plasticizers and is mainly used in cables and film. This innovation,

which has excellent IP protection, strengthens Evonik’s technology position in the attractive growth market
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &%!

Sustainability

5. Sustainability

Sustainability is a core element in our corporate claim Power to create. Our products and solutions are used

in many applications that play a significant role in improving people’s lives and making efficient use

of scarce resources. We are committed to the ten principles of the UN Global Compact and are guided by

i I s i I fe) ilo oeCd

Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Together with our Code of Conduct, the Global Social Policy (GSP)
e Ss es

Central responsibility for sustainability management

As part of Evonik’s ongoing strategic development, in summer 2014 the Executive Board decided to
s C r d C

Resources Officer. The issues derived from the sustainability strategy are implemented through goals set

for the business units and specialist departments. The strategy is mainly developed and monitored by the

Corporate Center, drawing closely on the knowledge of Services and the operating units.

C23 Sustainability management at Evonik

Executive Board

Overall responsibility for sustainability
Responsible Executive Board member: Chief Human Resources Officer

Sustainability strategy and networks

Specialist regional project-based steering committees and management teams

Driving forward sustainability strategy

I

indispensable. That is reflected in our customers’ growing demand for products and solutions that balance
economic, ecological and social factors. Reliable assessment of sustainability factors is therefore becoming
increasingly important. That includes the need to anchor sustainability even more strongly in strategic
decision-making processes, for example, investment decisions and research. Our focus is on global mega-

i
Cc s d
Csd

G| See glossary p. !#&

Financial statements

G] See glossary p. !#&

@| www.evonik.com/
responsibility
Management report

&%$ ANNUAL REPORT!" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#"

In 2014, we drove forward the sustainability analysis of our business. This analysis was conducted in close
cooperation with our operating units and covered the entire value chain of our products. The list of criteria
includes elements from the life cycle assessment of our supply chain, production and subsequent use of
our products. Our goal is to use the results of this sustainability analysis as supplementary information
when describing our products and business activities. In this way we can assure that the progressive
assessment of sustainability aspects does not simply describe the ecological and societal risks relating to
our portfolio, but also supports the strategic long-term positioning of individual products and businesses.

Ambitious environmental targets

Evonik achieved the ambitious targets set for its specialty chemicals business for the period 2004-2014
in the areas of greenhouse gases, water consumption and production waste two years earlier than
expected. In March 2014, we therefore adopted new targets for the Group for period from 2013 to 2020.

Taking 2012 as the reference year, our targets are to
- "by 12 percent and

In our environmental indicators, special attention is paid to specific greenhouse gas emissions.

Collaboration with our stakeholders

ae stakeholders . This continuous
interchange contributes to a better understanding of different perspectives, and aids timely identification
of trends and key requirements so they can be incorporated into entrepreneurial decisions. Key stakeholder
groups for Evonik are:

C24 Evonik s stakeholder groups

Interest groups, e.g. local inhabitants,
non-governmental organizations (NGOs)

Scientific community
Media Business associates / customers

Politicians / political

decision-makers Employees

Equity and debt holders Suppliers

Dialogue takes place at local, national and international level.

1 Energy- and process-related emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &%*

Sustainability
Employees

5.1 Employees

Human resources work—Strengthening development opportunities
As a leading specialty chemicals company, Evonik offers a wide range of global career and development
opportunities. At the same time, we have a clear focus on teamwork. This is expressed in our employer
e g a
highly qualified candidates, and targeted development of talented employees pave the way for us to fill
key positions from within the company. At the same time, we are increasing development opportunities
for all company employees—from vocational training to training for our top management at well-known
fe) r
culture in their teams and lead change processes through a constructive dialogue based on partnership.
This is an integral part of our value- and performance-oriented management of the company.
M r
The more efficient and effective alignment of Evonik’s administrative structures, which is the aim of the
Administration Excellence program, will therefore be implemented with respect for people, taking care to
a r
suitably qualified personnel for new production facilities.

Financial statements

HR strategy—Leadership is a central element
i r

e ! r
e 9g
strong operating segments and efficient services. At the same time, they are working in partnership on
the basis of Evonik’s common corporate values to implement the Administration Excellence program.
Based on our strategic workforce planning we implement targeted personnel measures in the face of the
wide-ranging challenges on the regional labor markets.

Employer branding—Promoting a strong global brand
A strong and uniform global employer brand is a key success factor in the competition to attract the ablest

e 9g
e
g f
fe] foCus
A special vocational training campaign aims to interest school students in a vocational training course or
e Oo

the campaign and were able to contribute their own ideas.

Vocational training—A source of future specialists

Evonik remains committed to vocational training and will be making more intensive use of the findings of
r

sourced primarily from within the company. As a result, hiring apprentices on permanent contracts at the

end of their training will increasingly become the norm in the future, and temporary contracts will be

the exception.
Management report

&%" ANNUAL REPORT!" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#!

Some 590 apprentices started their training at 15 sites across Germany in 2014. Overall, we are training

training and study programs. Around 370 of them are being trained for partner firms. We also offer more

s i e
provides extensive information and a range of internships to help young people decide on their career
options before embarking on vocational training. Internships for school students are a focal area of this
work. A total of 5,000 days internships were completed by more than 2,700 school students. Apprentices
account for about 9 percent of Evonik’s workforce in Germany, which is still well above the national
average. In 2014, we invested around €61 million in vocational training.

Generation Pact—Knowledge transfer between generations

To balance the interests of the company and those of older and younger generations, Evonik has introduced
9g 9g p

Works Council and the German Mining, Chemical and Engineering union (IG BCE), hiring apprentices at

the end of their training is closely linked to the retirement of more experienced colleagues. The agreement

was introduced in summer 2014 for non-managerial employees born between 1959 and 1961.

Selective development of executives and talents
Evonik’s practice of filling executive and key functions principally from within the company is based on
a clear commitment. Our talent management identifies, develops and fosters employees with potential
across hierarchical levels and functions. Regular planning conferences with the close involvement of
the Executive Board focus on development and succession planning for the most talented employees.
To strengthen our international growth strategy still further, in 2014 our RISE talent recruiting program
focused mainly on Asia.

Measures to foster upcoming executives include a combination of personnel development and volun-

i
i

intensively with the links between ethical aspects, business and personal leadership practice.

Diversity is decisive

We are firmly convinced that a diversity of nationalities, genders, educational backgrounds, professional
experience and age structures is a significant booster of creativity and innovation and therefore enhances
our competitiveness. At the start of 2014, around 90 different nationalities were represented in Evonik’s
workforce. In addition, fostering both international and female specialists and executives is an important
part of our diversity strategy. This is supported by extensive in-house and external networks such as

t

female executives has increased to over 10 percent in the past two years.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation & ott

Sustainability
Employees

C25 Employees by region, continuing operations

Other &%

Asia-Pacific &)% |

Financial statements

Central and South America °% |

North America &&%

Other European Countries "% G

Germany $)%

Remuneration—New employee share program
When shaping remuneration systems, Evonik believes it is very important to offer specialists and executives
market-oriented and performance-related salaries based on uniform global evaluation criteria. The review

In 2014 we introduced Share.2014, Evonik’s first employee share program. Employees in Germany,
Belgium and USA were eligible to take part. The high participation rate of 37 percent on average highlights
our employees’ confidence in Evonik’s business development. In all, more than 10,000 employees were
allocated more than 420,000 shares under this international program.

Employee survey—Altered frequency

Thanks to the tremendous response to the employee survey conducted at the end of 2012, well over
600 projects and other measures have been initiated. We worked systematically on these in 2014 as part
of our follow-up process. To allow thorough consideration of their effects, the frequency of our employee
survey has been altered from every two to every three years. The next Group-wide employee survey will
therefore be held in 2015.

well@work—Brake on email is having an effect
e i
program, which is anchored in our human resources strategy, even more clearly to the needs of our
t

promotion, work-life balance and exercise programs. All activities center on encouraging employees at all
levels to take greater responsibility for their health.

As one of Germany’s largest employers, in 2013 we set clear rules for responsible use of mobile
communications devices. The regulations are now having an impact on all 21,000 employees in Germany.
f
\ Management report J

&&I%

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Headcount in 2014

At year-end 2014, the Evonik Group had 33,412 employees. The continuing operations had 33,241 employees,
around 24 percent of whom were female. The average age of the workforce is 41.6 years. About 36 percent
are employed outside Germany. Compared with year-end 2013, the number of employees in the continuing
operations increased by 246, mainly as a result of growth projects. This was countered by the divestment
of the skin care business and implementation of the efficiency enhancement programs.

T%’ & Employees by segment

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2014 2013
Consumer, Health & Nutrition 7,090 7,150
Resource E.ciency 5,804 5,854
Specialty Materials 6,236 6,268
Services 12,710 12,192
Other operations 1,401 1,531
Continuing operations 33,241 32,995
Discontinued operations 171 655,
Evonik 33,412 33,650
C26 Age structure in the Evonik Group, continuing operations
in %
Under 21 years | 4
21—25 years a
26—30 years es |
31—35 years ee
36—40 years es |.
41—45 years ee 13
46—50 years en 16
51—SS years es 15
56—60 years ee
Over 60 years «2
T T T T T T T T T

-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &&E&

Sustainability
Environment, safety and health

5.2 Environment, safety and health

Protecting our environment and the climate are major global challenges of our age, along with efficien
use of natural resources in the face of the growing world population and increasing affluence. Maintaining
the natural basis for future generations is part of our corporate responsibility. That includes steadily reducing

Financial statements

footprint and remaining internationally competitive are dependent on public acceptance and politica
opportunity. These conditions are reflected in our strategic focus. In 2014, we made a considerable effor
to reduce emissions further at all stages in the value chain.

f
principally means reducing energy consumption and emissions into the air and water, and efficien
water management. A functioning environmental management system is the essential precondition for
this. Integrating it into our corporate processes is an ongoing task and an integral part of sustainability
management at Evonik. Responsibility for plants, technical systems, products and processes is therefore
assigned to specific people at Evonik, for example, through job descriptions and letters of delegation.

fe) g e s es

been audited externally, forms the basis for our action. Audits are conducted to monitor implementation

by the business units, regions and sites. Alongside many internal audits in operating units, in 2014 we

conducted 18 corporate audits. Over 95 percent of our global production has been validated externally as
Iso

Health management and contingency planning go hand-in-hand

Our responsibility to our employees is reflected in programs such as well@work, which comprises measures
to strengthen employability and the quality of life. Evonik’s workplace health management measures focus
first and foremost on encouraging a healthy lifestyle with offerings in the areas of exercise, a healthy diet,
work-life balance, and preventing infections and addiction. To supplement this, special annual campaigns
are devoted to different aspects and the company offers voluntary preventive measures. In 2014, for example,
our German sites ran extensive campaigns to encourage early identification and prevention of common

ion a
Ss

Potential dangers in the workplace are systematically identified and measures are developed to assure
the health and safety of our employees. Their effectiveness is monitored through medical check-ups.
Medical contingency management at Evonik is based on a global corporate policy that sets out the

emergency response infrastructure into account. Exercises are conducted regularly to check the functioning
of this system.
Management report

&&

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Development of occupational and plant safety
Measured by accident frequency (number of accidents at work involving company employees and
contractors’ employees under Evonik’s direct supervision per 1 million hours worked), our occupational

a deterioration compared with the previous year (0.9). This was mainly due to an increase in accident
g -
ing specific measures to improve the situation. There were no fatal accidents involving Evonik employees
s g
accident on the commute home. As part of the Safety at Evonik initiative, we ran an accident prevention
program on commuting safely at all our sites in Germany in order to raise employee’s awareness of
road safety.

The accident frequency indicator for contractors (number of work-related accidents involving
non-Evonik employees resulting in absence from work per 1 million working hours) increased to 3.6
(2013: 3.2). Although this indicator declined at our German sites, it is still well above the average. We
attribute the stagnation of this indicator at Group level to an improvement in our worldwide reporting
culture. Accident frequency was recorded for non-Evonik employees for the first time in 2013. Since then
we have made considerable progress in the management of our contractors.

f
standards set by the European Chemical Industry Council (Cefic). Analogously to the accident frequency
indicator for occupational safety, this indicator covers incidents involving the release of substances, fire or
explosion, even if there is little or no damage. It is calculated from the number of incidents per 1 million
working hours in the business units’ production facilities. This indicator was calculated for the first time
in 2008, which serves as the reference year for all subsequent years (reference base: 100). Aided by the
Safety at Evonik initiative, 2014 built on the good performance of past years and the indicator was

We are using established methods of analysis to tackle the weaknesses identified and implement specific
measures over the coming years to achieve a further improvement in plant safety.

The Global Process Safety Competence Center (GPSC) initiated in 2013 is also contributing to an
improvement in our performance. It supports the operating units in their responsibility for safe operation
of production facilities. The GPSC safety experts coordinate, facilitate and generate safety concepts for
our worldwide production facilities and conduct periodic reviews of existing safety concepts. The GPSC

9g 9g s e n
international technical standard help to ensure that our production plants met our safety requirements and
protect our employees, local residents and the environment.

High standard of climate reporting established
Potential to grow our business can be leveraged by systematic realignment of our portfolio of products
fe
We have a large number of innovative products that improve energy efficiency at subsequent stages in
the value chain and therefore make an important contribution to reducing the use of resources and cutting
fo) dyna is
additives can increase the productivity of excavators by up to 30 percent and at the same time cut fuel
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Sustainability
Environment, safety and health

consumption by up to 30 percent. Companies that are interested can calculate the exact savings for them-
selves using a special dyna is M

transparency is essential to make sustainable business activities measurable and traceable. Together with
other members of the WBCSD, in 2013 Evonik developed a reporting guideline to ensure practical imple-
mentation of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol g g S

emissions along the value chain. The Carbon Disclosure Project is currently the world’s largest and most
important initiative by the financial sector on climate change, working with more than 750 institutional
investors with combined assets under management of US$92 trillion. This project undertakes a uniquely
detailed examination of all aspects of corporate policy and how it is put into practice in business. As a
publicly listed company, in 2014 Evonik was invited to take part in the Investor CDP for the first time. Evonik
obtained a very high ranking of 91 B, compared with an average of 69 C for all participating companies in
g a s

Slight rise in CO, emissions‘
CO, emissions? increased slightly from 8.7 million metric tons in 2013 to 8.8 million metric tons in 2014.
t
an increase in output from 10.1 million metric tons to 10.3 million metric tons. Specific CO, emissions
(emissions per 1 metric ton output) were therefore at the prior-year level®.

The 29 facilities operated by Evonik that fall within the scope of the European Union’s Emissions
Trading System (EU ETS) emitted 4.2 million metric tons of CO, in 2014, as in 2013. Due to differences in

ets

other out.

Environmental protection investment and operating costs

We invested €107 million to achieve a further improvement in environmental protection, a considerable
increase compared with the previous year (€29 million). About two-thirds of this comprised property,

a n a t

significant of these are the methionine complex in Singapore, the isophorone and isophorone diamine
plants in Shanghai (China,) and the precipitated silica facility in Chester (Pennsylvania USA). The final
third was divided among a wide range of individual investments to maintain and extend facilities at the
sites and integrated environmental protection technologies. They depend on specific measures in new or
existing facilities and can therefore vary considerably from year to year. Investment in environmental
protection increased considerably in 2014 as a result of projects, and operating costs for environmental
protection increased slightly to €259 million (2013: €250 million).

1 Continuing and discontinued operations.

2 Direct CO, emissions (Scope 1 emissions under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) come from energy generation and production. Indirect CO,
emissions come from purchased energy (Scope 2 emissions).

3 Ff
can be found in Evonik’s Sustainability Report.

@| www.evonik.com/
dynavis-savings

@| www.evonik.com/
whbesd-guidance

@| www.evonik.com/
whbcesd-guidelines

G] See glossary p. !#!

| www.evonik.com/
res ponsibility

G] See glossary p. !#°
G] See glossary p. !#&

&E&(

Financial statements
Management report

&&)

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

6. Events after the reporting date

In January 2015, Evonik Industries AG issued a bond with a nominal value of €750 million, which matures
in 2023. The coupon on this bond is 1.0 percent and the issue price was 99.337 percent.

7. Opportunity and risk report

7.1 Opportunity and risk management

Risk strategy

Evonik’s Group-wide internal opportunity and risk management (referred to generically as risk manage-

ment in this section) forms a central element in the management of the company. Our risk detection

system meets the requirements for publicly listed companies. The aim is to identify opportunities and risks
t

if we are convinced that in this way we can generate a sustained rise in the value of the company and, at
the same time, permanently limit possible negative implications.

Structure and organization of risk management

The business units, corporate divisions and service units bear prime responsibility for early identification
of risks, estimating their implications, introducing suitable preventive and control measures and the related
internal communication. Risk management is therefore a key element in Evonik’s controlling processes at all
levels and includes strategic and operational planning, preparations for investment decisions, projections,
and immediate reporting of risks.

In 2014 we started to realign our risk management as part of the Administration Excellence project.
Combining the previous self-assessment of the efficacy of the internal control system (ICS) with the risk
management system leverages potential for synergies. Our previous risk catalogue has been replaced by

e
changes are the elimination of monthly reporting, accompanied by more stringent rules to ensure prompt
reporting, and switching our focus from a five-year to a three-year planning period. This results in a more
systematic presentation in our external reporting, with little change in structures and workflows. The risk
Coso e M
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &&!

Opportunity and risk report
Opportunity and risk management

ag Cc f fo) -
e r 8
responsible for coordinating the relevant risk management activities. 2
a Cc ro E
for all risk officers and is responsible for information, documentation and coordination at Group level. 3
f E
t r Cc Cfo

divisions. It validates the Group-wide risk situation and verifies that it is adequately reflected in financial
reporting. The Supervisory Board, especially the Audit Committee, oversees the risk management system.

At companies where we do not exert a controlling influence, we implement our risk management
requirements primarily through our presence in management and supervisory bodies. In 2014 the com-
panies included in our risk consolidation were identical to those in scope of consolidation for the financial
statements.

Cc a
statutory and internal requirements and to ensure continuous improvement. In addition, the system used
to identify emerging risks is included in the annual audit in compliance with the requirements for listed
companies. This audit showed that Evonik’s risk detection system is suitable for timely identification of
risks that could pose a threat to the company’s survival.

A binding Group-wide policy on risk management has been issued. All individual risks are systematically
identified and documented using special risk management software. Their probability of occurrence and

I

planning, the evaluation is based on a period of three years (mid-term planning). Opportunities and risks
are defined as positive and negative deviations from the plan.

t
planning process. They are required to provide details of action to be taken with regard to risks identified
in the risk inventory and track their timely implementation. Internal management (for example, reporting
by the Risk Committee) takes a mid-term view. Opportunities and risks are classified as low, moderate or
high and evaluated on a three-year basis (see opportunity and risk matrix). The evaluation is always based
on a net view, in other words, taking into account risk limitation measures.
J

Management report

&&$ ANNUAL REPORT!" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#!

C27 Opportunity/risk matrix

520 a a

mmm High
0 0 a a opportunitiesrsks
os
£2 101 -s0 __ __ ae
E+ opportunities/risks
Low
02.5

opportunities/risks
1— 10% 11—25% 26—49% 50—75% 76— 100%

Probability of occurrence

The risk inventory is supplemented by quarterly reviews of all opportunities and risks relating to the present
year to spot changes in the opportunities and risks that have already been identified and identify new risks
and opportunities.

All high risks are classified as material individual risks, as are moderate risks with an expected impact
of over €10 million in the mid term. The management of risks and opportunities is based on their potential
impact and probability of occurrence. The expected impact, which is the product of the potential impact and

7.2 Overall assessment of opportunities and risks

Given the measures planned and implemented, no risks have been identified that—either individually or
e

Evonik Industries AG in its role as the holding company for the Group.

Compared with previous years, Evonik faced considerably more risks than opportunities in 2014. This

Cc n s M

relating to the risk categories were the macro-economic environment and the specific market and com-
petitive situation, especially in the markets for amino acids and C" chemicals. In 2015, the risks once again
outweigh the opportunities, although the gap is narrower than in 2014.

Sections 7.3 and 7.4 present the opportunities and risks in each category in descending order of
significance for the Evonik Group. Except where otherwise indicated, they apply for all segments.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &&*

Opportunity and risk report

Planning/market risks and opportunities

7.3 Planning/ market risks and opportunities

In accordance with our internal management, opportunities and risks in the planning/market category are
allocated to sub-categories. The chart shows the highest risk class to which an individual risk is allocated
in each sub-category. Individual opportunities and risks may also be found in the lower risk classes.

Financial statements

C28 Opportunity and risk classes within the planning/market category

Risiks Sub-category Opportunities
Hl lw Sales markets la
Hl lw Financial markets lt
| ff Raw material markets ||
|| Capital expenditures
|| Other
Energy markets mmm High

Research & development opportunities/risks

mmm Moderate

Mergers & acquisitions oo
opportunities/risks

Production
Low

Human resources opportunities/risks

1. Sales markets
The macro-economic environment is particularly relevant for an assessment of both opportunities and
risks. This applies both to the development of the global economy and trends in specific regions such as
Europe and China.

Alongside the general demand situation, intensive competition in the various market segments harbors
both opportunities and risks. In particular, competitors in low-wage countries increase competitive
pressure through aggressive pricing policies that can impair our selling prices and volume trends. To counter
this we are broadening our foreign production base and gaining access to new markets in high-growth
regions such as Asia and South America. The operating units affected also use various methods of increasing
customer loyalty to reduce these risks. These include, in particular, strategic research alliances with cus-
tomers and extending the services offered along the value chain. We are constantly developing attractive
and competitive new products and technologies to counter the risk that chemical products could be
replaced by new, improved or less expensive materials or technologies. Alternatives also have to be found
for certain raw materials subject to the REACH Regulation which may no longer be available in the future. — G| See glossary p. 4
Opportunities arise for Evonik in the event of production stoppages at competitors’ facilities or when
competitors are unable to bring planned new capacity into service on schedule or at all. In addition to their
overall impact on Evonik’s business, the opportunities and risks relating to the competitive situation are

Cc n r e

Management report

&&"

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

The specific market development for individual business activities is a general focus in the assessment of
opportunities and risks. This relates to both demand from specific markets and the competitive situation
in various industries. Changes in demand from the industries to which we supply our products and
individual key account customers can have a positive or negative influence on our business. We counter
these risks proactively through permanent market monitoring, activities to retain customers and gain new
accounts, and timely endeavors to develop innovative new applications and enter new markets. In principle,
these opportunities and risks may affect all segments, but they are particularly relevant for the Consumer,
n s M f a
that substandard food quality and food safety could impact our amino acids business, especially as a result

of our strategic development. One attractive market for our amino acids portfolio is aquaculture, for
which we have developed innovative products. As a result of population growth, rising affluence in
emerging markets and overfishing of the world’s oceans, the global aquaculture market is growing faster
than other areas of livestock farming.

Cc n

n

C n i s
segment, the performance of large customers at its sites, for example, at the Marl chemical park, is
extremely important.

In addition to the global economic situation and trends on specific markets, there are also risks associated
with geopolitical conflicts in some countries and regions. At present, these relate mainly to the Ukraine
and the Middle East.

2. Financial markets
The risks and opportunities of financial instruments relate to market prices, liquidity and default risks.
Market opportunities and risks arise from the fact that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial
instrument can vary as a result of changes in market prices. Such opportunities and risks result from
I
to meet its payment obligations, while default risks entail the risk of a loss because a debtor is fully or
partially unable to meet its payment commitments.
M t

derivative and non-derivative instruments, taking the cost/risk profile into account. This may include the

f e

M

r r M Mr fe] -
rate control and transparency (KonTraG). Binding trading limits, responsibilities and controls are thus set

g

risk positions have to be identified and evaluated. This forms the basis for selective hedging to limit risks.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Opportunity and risk report
Planning/market risks and opportunities

i f d e i ag
f

used exclusively to reduce risks resulting from operating and financing activities and therefore always
relate to corresponding underlying transactions. The Evonik Group does not use financial instruments for
speculation.

f
currency risks. When setting interest terms, we pay attention to careful structuring of the fixed-to-floating

Cc
the risk of fluctuations in coal and gas prices. We also use forward contracts to secure the procurement of
f

their recognition and valuation can be found inn

A considerable portion of the Evonik Group's financial assets and liabilities and its sales are denominated
in currencies other than the euro, which is the Group's reporting currency. The most important foreign
currencies are the US dollar and the Chinese renminbi yuan. All cash flows that are planned, firmly agreed

currency of the respective company are exposed to transactional exchange rate risks and opportunities.
i e g

balance sheet are normally bundled and offset through intragroup hedging. The remaining exposure is then
fully hedged through macro-hedges . Due to the opposite valuation effects of the hedged item and hedging

stances on the basis of micro hedges, for example for non-current loans, structured hedging instruments and
major investments. By contrast, planned or firmly agreed cash flows in foreign currency are generally hedged

f

revenues and expenditures that are highly probable, the target hedging ratio is 65 percent of the calculated

currency exposure.
Evonik manages the interest rate risks and opportunities resulting from financing and investment

activities on a case-by-case basis. Through the use of fixed-interest loans and interest rate hedging instru-

ments, 96 percent of all financial liabilities were classified as fixed-interest as of the reporting date

have a significant influence on the present value of our pension obligations. These entail both risks and
opportunities for the Group.

We use scenario analyses to assess the possible impact of opportunities and risks relating to currencies

i

and opportunities will increase in the long term.

A more detailed overview of interest rate and foreign exchange management and the use of financial
derivatives is given inn n
statements of Evonik Industries AG."

1 The separate financial statements of Evonik Industries AG are available at @| n r
Separate financial statements.

| See Note $%.!,
S.1&% f.

G] See glossary p. !#"

S] see Note & (),
S.$#)

| See Note $%.!,
S.!&% ff.

&&H

Financial statements
Management report

&% ANNUAL REPORT !" #$

=| See Note $%.!,
S.'1&% ff.

E] see p.)% ff.

EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Other price risks relating to the financial markets come mainly from investments in companies that are
ias
stock market value. Since Evonik does not generally undertake such investments with a view to short-term

Oo

At the heart of Evonik’s central liquidity risk management is a Group-wide cash pool. In addition, the
Group’s financial independence is secured through a broadly diversified financing structure. A detailed
overview of liquidity risks and their management can be found inn
statements. Details of the financing of the Evonik Group and action to protect liquidity can be found in
the section on financial condition.

Overall, Evonik believes that adequate financing instruments are available to ensure sufficient liquidity
at all times.

Credit risks relating to financial contracts are systematically examined when the contracts are concluded

I
rating-based creditworthiness analyses.
Market opportunities and risks, and liquidity and default risks relating to financial instruments also arise

which is combined with sophisticated risk controlling. Strategic management of the portfolios takes place
t t

still unavoidable residual risks in the individual investments.

3. Raw material markets

f

gically relevant materials that have to meet highly demanding specifications. Consequently, the Evonik
Group faces opportunities and risks relating to fluctuations in the price and availability of raw materials,

The chemicals segments are dependent on the development of the price of strategic raw materials,
especially petrochemical feedstocks derived directly or indirectly from oil. They are also exposed to changes
in exchange rates, which have a major influence on both raw material and energy costs. These risks

The overriding aim of the procurement strategy is to secure the availability of raw materials on the best
possible terms.
To further reduce the risks with regard to products that have intensive raw material requirements,

Evonik constantly strives to pass on raw material

escalations clauses and by adjusting its selling prices.

Short- and mid-term bottlenecks in the availabil
risks. As well as making preparations so we can switc

price rises to customers, for example through price

ity of precursors and intermediates are also potential
h to substitute suppliers in emergencies, we constantly

observe the business performance of suppliers of se
avoid risks.

The opportunities and risks in connection with
C n s M
Single sourcing risks mainly affect the Resource Effi

ected key raw materials to anticipate bottlenecks and
changes in raw material prices mainly relate to the

iciency segment.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation W&

Opportunity and risk report
Planning/market risks and opportunities

4. Capital expenditures
Evonik’s plans to generate organic growth through investment in attractive markets and acquisitions
entail certain risks as regards the proposed scope and timing of projects. These risks are addressed
f

to implementing the 2012-2016 investment program. Projects that have not yet started are always
reviewed for changes in the market situation and postponed if necessary.

At the same time, we regard building new production facilities in regions with high growth momentum

f

driving the development of our amino acids business. A world-scale complex dl
stream in Singapore in fall 2014. We aim to use this principally to serve the Asian market in the coming
years. Global population growth means that demand for animal protein will continue to rise steadily in the
future. This is reinforced by a further trend: In the emerging markets eating habits in the growing middle

Consumption of meat is increasing sharply, especially in Asian cities, leading to more intensive livestock
farming in this region. Moreover, environmentally compatible agricultural production that makes more
efficient use of resources is becoming more important worldwide for ecological reasons.

In addition, in emerging markets there is rising demand from the affluent middle class for personal care

Cc
e
s Cc a

The resource efficiency megatrend is the basis for a large number of energy-efficient and environ-
ment-friendly products from Evonik. One example is precipitated silica, where we are a market leader.
This product can be used in combination with silanes to produce tires with far lower rolling resistance that

f
business will be boosted, among other things, by the introduction of tire labeling requirements in further
t
a a t
d s a is

a d

the market for normal auto tires.

t d

abandonment of investment projects, for example because of the political situation in certain countries,
would adversely affect planned growth. By contrast, new projects could result in additional earnings in
some areas.

G] See glossary p. !#&

Financial statements
Management report

& ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#&

5. Other

To increase scope for growth and innovations, we are working steadily to improve our cost position,
especially through the On Track 2.0 and Administration Excellence programs. Beside the opportunity to raise
strategic flexibility and strengthen the operating units resulting from these programs, there are risks
that their implementation could adversely impact earnings. These include the risk of failing to meet the
ambitious timelines, a loss of personnel with key expertise, and failure to meet financial targets. Stringent
project management, including involving relevant stakeholders, is used to counter these risks.

t e
opportunities for profitable growth. The new structure allows far more differentiated management and
more targeted development of the various businesses. That enhances our strategic flexibility and strengthens
our leadership position in the respective markets. The Executive Board will concentrate principally on
Evonik’s strategic development within a management holding structure. This gives the three specialty
Cc n r e s M
far greater entrepreneurial independence so they can operate closer to their markets and customers and

p

the new Group structure.

6. Energy markets

Evonik requires considerable amounts of energy from a wide variety of sources for its chemical facilities
and infrastructure. The main sources are natural gas, coal and electricity. Oil only plays a subordinate role in
Evonik’s energy mix. At several major sites, Evonik generates electricity in resource-efficient co-generation
plants. In 2014, we constantly monitored the trend on national and international energy markets and
responded appropriately. As part of the Administration Excellence program, we have pooled all operations
relating to the energy markets, enabling us to gain further efficiency benefits.

In countries where the sourcing of energy is not state-regulated, Evonik procures and trades in energy
and—where necessary—emissions allowances (CO, allowances) within the framework of defined risk
strategies. The aim of these risk strategies is to balance the risks and opportunities of volatile energy
markets.

The sharp drop in the oil price in the second half of 2014 had an impact on natural gas prices in
9g Cc e n e e
Asian sites are still far higher than in the USA, where the price is still determined by the shale gas boom.

Overall, we are exposed to fluctuations in the market price of various energy sources as a result of the
specific demand/supply situation and political events. These entail both opportunities and risks.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &(

Opportunity and risk report
Planning/market risks and opportunities

7. Research & development
fe) e rd
rd

rd a
for the cosmetics industry, membranes, specialty materials for medical technology, feed and food additives,
and composites. In addition, we want to steadily extend our expertise in catalysis and biotechnology.
f
innovation). We work with research institutes and universities to ensure rapid translation of the latest
research findings into our company. We also work with start-ups and other industrial companies to
facilitate solutions that differentiate us at all stages in the value chain. At the same time we are continuing

Financial statements

emerging regions and high-growth markets.
fo) rd
projects and the timing of their implementation.

8. Mergers & acquisitions
Active portfolio management has high priority for Evonik as part of our value-based management

i f
an intensive examination of potential acquisition targets (due diligence) is undertaken before they are
acquired. This involves systematic identification of all major opportunities and risks and an appropriate
valuation. Key aspects of this process are strategic focus, earnings power and development potential on
n
integrated into the Group and thus into our risk management and controlling processes. Every transaction
of this type entails a risk that integration of the business may not be successful or that integration costs

such as synergies.
Businesses that no longer fit our strategy or no longer meet our profitability requirements are divested.
If we do not successfully achieve a planned divestment, this could generate risks that impact the Group's
t e I g
litarion separion
for large-scale, high-performance lithium-ion battery cells.
Management report

&) ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

GI] See glossary p. !#!

9. Production

As a specialty chemicals company, Evonik is exposed to the risk of business interruptions, quality problems
and unexpected technical difficulties. Our products involve complex production processes, some of them
with interdependent production steps. Consequently, disruption and stoppages can adversely affect sub-
sequent production steps and products. The outage of production facilities and interruptions in production
workflows could have a significant negative influence on business and earnings performance, and could
also harm people and the environment. Group-wide policies on project and quality management, highly

i

economically viable, we take out insurance to cover damage to our plants and sites and production stop-
pages, so the financial consequences of potential production risks are largely insured.

n Cc
there are always opportunities associated with a further increase in productivity.

10. Human resources

t

skills and knowledge of our highly qualified managers and specialists. There is evidently a risk that there
may not be sufficient suitable candidates to fill vacancies or that competent staff could leave the company.
In particular, in the emerging markets where we operate, there might only be a small proportion of workers
with the qualifications and language skills required for challenging jobs in an international chemical
corporation.

To ensure that we can recruit and retain qualified staff to meet our future requirements we offer
attractive remuneration systems and systematic personnel development. We also maintain close links to
universities and professional associations to help us recruit talented youngsters. Our employer branding
is aligned to the diversity of human resources. In this way, we aim to make Evonik even more attractive to
talented specialists and managers. We have thus largely limited potential human resources risks. Opportu-
nities and risks for the development of personnel expenses could come from future collective agreements.

7.4 Legal/compliance risks and opportunities

The opportunities and risks in this category are far more difficult to quantify than planning/ market risks,
as they often involve reputational risks and/or criminal law consequences as well as having financial
implications. In addition, provisions are set up on our balance sheet for such cases. These are reflected in our
risk assessment as reducing risk. In view of this complexity, opportunities and risks relating to this category
are not normally assigned to the matrix illustrated above. Consequently, they are not allocated to the
above risk quantification classes. Major opportunities and risks for the Group's earnings can come from
the reversal of or increase in provisions.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation

Opportunity and risk report
I

1. Law, regulatory framework and compliance

Evonik is exposed to risks relating to legal disputes, (e.g. claims for compensation) and administrative
proceedings and fines. In its operating business, the Evonik Group is exposed to liability risks, especially
in connection with product liability, patent law, tax law, competition law, antitrust law and environmental
law. Changes in public law could also give rise to risk or materially alter risk positions. As a chemicals
company with its own power plants, risks could arise in connection with possible changes in the charges
levied under the German Alternative Energies Act (EEG) and amendments to the European emissions
trading regulations.

f e p
closely monitors any liability and guarantee risks resulting from divestments. We have developed a concept
involving high quality and safety standards to ensure a controlled approach to such risks. Insurance cover
has been purchased for the financial consequences of any damage that may nevertheless occur as a result
of damage to property, product liability claims and other risks. Where necessary, Evonik sets up provisions
for legal risks.

At present, the legal proceedings outlined below represent the main legal risks. As a matter of principle,
we refrain from evaluating the opportunities and risks of potential legal proceedings or proceedings that
have commenced, in order not to influence our position.

e r g
proceedings in connection with the settlement paid to former shareholders. The background relates to the
following legal restructuring measures: the domination and profit-and-loss agreement concluded with
r tgersg r tgersag
r tgersag d ag e
d fe] t
cash settlements or compensation.

In connection with the divestment of its former energy activities (STEAG), Evonik gave the purchaser
various indemnities with regard to the Walsum 10 coal-fired power plant that was under construction at
the time. As a result of technical problems, the commissioning of this plant was delayed by nearly four
years, so commercial operation only started on December 20, 2013. Evonik is of the opinion that the
general contractor is responsible for reimbursement of the majority of additional costs and the damage
caused by the delay. Arbitration proceedings are now pending between the project company and the
general contractor.

In connection with the divestment of the former carbon black activities, the purchaser has requested
indemnification from environmental guarantees relating to alleged infringement of the US Clean Air Act.
Evonik is currently engaged in a dispute with the purchaser on this.

f euC
e e

e
of limitations.

With regard to employment law, there are risks relating, for example, to recalculation of pension
commitments entered into by Evonik and its legal predecessors.

Compliance means lawful and ethically correct business conduct. All employees are subject to the
binding regulations on fair treatment of each other and of business partners set out in our Code of Con-

r t
compliance risks, extensive training and
sessions and/or through e-learning programs.

G| See glossary p. !#*

=] See p. &% ff.

&!

Financial statements
Management report

&$ ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#&

2. Risks relating to the protection of intellectual property and know-how

Know-how protection forms an integral part of the principles and actions designed to ensure legally
compliant corporate conduct. The company is also exposed to a risk that intellectual property cannot be
adequately protected, even through patents, especially when building new production facilities in certain
countries. Similarly, the transfer of know-how and/or business secrets to joint ventures and other forms
of cooperation also entails a risk that expertise could be withdrawn from Evonik. In particular, in the event
of the possible separation from a joint venture or other cooperation partner there is no guarantee that the
business partner will not continue to use know-how and business secrets transferred or disclose them to
third parties, thereby damaging Evonik’s competitive position. The Group-wide Intellectual Property
M

property and patents. It is assisted by a worldwide network of correspondent lawyers. A Corporate Security
Division was established in 2014. This bundles the relevant expertise to ensure Group-wide protection of
installations, employees, sites, transportation and information for which special protection ins required.

3. Environmental risks (environment, safety, health, quality)
As a specialty chemicals company, Evonik is exposed to risks in the fields of plant safety, product safety,
occupational safety and failure to comply with other environmental regulations. Group-wide health and
safety policies, and initiatives taken by the Group and the business units to steadily improve the safety of
production facilities effectively reduce these risks. In addition, risks that could arise as a result of the
sourcing of raw materials and technical services and their impact on our operating business are syste-
matically identified and evaluated. Moreover, audits are conducted at the request of the Executive Board
f

systems, which are validated as conforming to international standards, undergo constant development and
improvement. Adequate provisions have been established to secure or remediate contaminated sites
where necessary. As a responsible company with significant chemical activities, Evonik ensures that such
processes are operated in accordance with the principles of the global Responsible Care initiative and the
ung Cc

Alongside the need to adjust environmental provisions identified through structured internal processes,
for example, as a result of changes in the regulatory framework, further unplanned additions to such
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &*

Opportunity and risk report
p

7.5 Process/organization risks

1. General

This risk category covers the interface between risk management and the internal control system (ICS).
In this category, risks result from specific process shortcomings. Alongside general weaknesses, these
include, in particular, risks within the ICS and the accounting-related ICS. The issues examined are material
for assessing the efficacy of the ICS. Classification is therefore based on the list of processes drawn up
by Corporate Audit. Starting from key corporate processes, the existence of relevant control objectives
and standard controls for the main risks identified is checked. In view of the types of risk in this category,
a purely qualitative assessment is normally used.

t

Financial statements

Corresponding scope for improvement has been identified. There are therefore no signs of systematic
errors in the Evonik Group's ICS.

2. Internal control system for financial accounting
The main financial reporting risks are identified in the ICS through a quantitative and a qualitative analysis.
Controls are defined for each risk area of the accounting process. Their efficacy is tested at regular intervals
and improved where necessary. All elements of the control process are verified by Internal Audit on the
basis of random samples.

To ensure the quality of financial statements we have a Group-wide policy which defines uniform
accounting and valuation principles for all German and foreign companies included in the consolidated
financial statements. The majority of companies have delegated the preparation of their financial state-

Ss t
economies of scale, this leverages sustained cost benefits and also improves the quality of accounting.
Ss
accounting. This is already applied to all Group companies in Germany for which Business Services is

f
China and South-East Asia in the course of 2014, it will now be rolled out successively to further foreign
companies. The aim is to ensure a uniform global standard for the internal control system for financial
accounting. An external audit is conducted on the annual financial statements of 95 percent of companies.
All data are consolidated by the Accounting Division using the SAP SEM-BCS system. Group companies
submit their financial statements via a web-based interface. A range of technical validations are performed
Cc
oversight functions performed in the financial reporting process. The preparation of the monthly consoli-
dated income statement and publication of three quarterly reports allows us to gain experience with new
te
Board receives monthly reports and quarterly reports are submitted to the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board.
Aspects that may represent opportunities or risks for financial reporting in the future are identified and
evaluated early through the risk management system. This ensures that risk management can be closely
aligned to controlling and accounting processes.
Management report

&”

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

8. Information pursuant to Section 289
Paragraph 4 and Section 315 Paragraph 4
of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
and explanatory report by the Executive
Board pursuant to Section 176 Paragraph 1
of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)

Structure of issued capital
The capital stock of Evonik Industries AG is €466,000,000 and is divided into 466,000,000 no-par
registered shares. Each share entitles the holder to one vote.

Under Section 5 Paragraph 2 of the Articles of Incorporation, shareholders do not have any claim to
the issue of certificates for their shares unless the issue of a certificate is required by the rules of a stock
exchange on which the share has been admitted for trading.

There are no different share classes, nor any shares with special rights.

Restrictions on voting rights or the transfer of shares

rags g a g

cooperation with a view to the development of the Evonik Group, including agreements relating to the
divestment of their shares in Evonik.

Under a shareholder agreement (most recently revised on April 10, 2013), the main shareholders have
given an undertaking that in the event of sale of some or all of their shares in Evonik to third parties
outside the stock exchange (trade sale), they would first offer the shares to the other main shareholder.
rags 9g a 9g i

i rags 9g a g
right to concurrently sell shares from its shareholding in Evonik Industries AG equivalent to up to 50 percent
of the shares in Evonik Industries AG that are to be sold. If the main shareholders’ combined shareholding
in Evonik Industries AG drops below 50 percent of the capital stock of Evonik Industries AG as a result of
rags g a g
entire shareholding.

In the event of a trade sale by RAG-Stiftung, the purchaser of the Evonik shares only has to accede
to this agreement if the main shareholders together hold less than 80 percent but more than 50 percent
of the capital stock of Evonik Industries AG. This shareholder agreement ends if one of the two main
shareholders holds less than 5 percent of the capital stock.

Direct and indirect shareholdings that exceed 10 percent of the voting rights

u g s t a g

company reach, exceed or drop below a certain level, whether through the purchase or sale of shares or

f f s a f

Under Section 21 Paragraph 1 of the German Securities Trading Act, the relevant thresholds are 3, 5, 10,
15, 20, 25, 30, 50 and 75 percent of the voting rights. Changes in voting rights between these thresholds
are not subject to notification under the German Securities Trading Act so the following data may differ
from more recent overviews of the shareholder structure. In compliance with Section 160 Paragraph 1

n fe) s Cc aag e
Industries AG contain an overview of all voting rights notifications submitted to the company.
u s ie) n s ie) n 9g Cc

Cc g
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation Q#

Takeover-relevant information

The company’s Executive Board has received notification of the following direct and indirect shareholdings

that exceed 10 percent of the voting rights: 2

5

5

T%’’ Direct/indirect shareholdings exceeding &%-percent of the voting rights 2

RAG-Sti/ung, Essen, Germany irect 68.91-percent E

indirect 18.93-percent .
Gabriel Acquisitions GmbH, Gadebusch, Germany irect 18.93-percent
indirect 68.91-percent
CVC Capital Partners Advisory Company Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Capital Partners Finance Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Capital Partners SICAV—FIS S.A., Luxembourg, Luxembourg indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Capital Partners 2012 Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners Tandem Fund (A) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners Tandem Fund (B) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners Tandem Fund (C) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners V (A) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners V (B) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners V (C) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners V (D) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Partners V (E) L.P., Georgetown, Cayman Islands indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity Tandem GP Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC European Equity V Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Group Holdings L.P., St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Group Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC MMXII Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Nominees Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
CVC Portfolio Holdings Limited, St. Helier, Jersey indirect 87.84-percent
Gabriel Holdings S. r.l., Luxembourg, Luxembourg indirect 87.84-percent
Gabriel Investments S. r.1., Luxembourg, Luxembourg indirect 87.84-percent

Under the shareholder agreement, the voting rights are allocated reciprocally between the main share-
s p g s t a g
g a g
Ss p g
The Executive Board is not aware of any further direct or indirect holdings in the company’s capital
stock that exceed 10 percent.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members, amendments to the Articles

of Incorporation

The appointment and dismissal of members of the Executive Board of Evonik Industries AG is governed
by Section 84 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and Section 31 of the German Codetermination
Act (MitbestG), in conjunction with Section 6 of the company’s Articles of Incorporation. Section 6 of the
a i e f
Supervisory Board is responsible for determining the number of members.
Management report

&(%

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Changes to the Articles of Incorporation are normally resolved by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
Section 20 Paragraph 2 of the Articles of Incorporation states that, unless mandatory provisions require
otherwise, resolutions shall be adopted by a simple majority of the votes cast and—unless besides a major-
ity of the votes, a majority of the capital is required by law—by a simple majority of the capital stock
represented.
u s p a i s

resolve on amendments to the Articles of Incorporation, provided they are only editorial. A simple majority
vote is sufficient.

Authorization of the Executive Board, especially to issue and repurchase shares

ie) s M M e

until March 10, 2018, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, to purchase up to 10 percent of
the company’s capital stock. Together with other shares in the company which the company has already
acquired or still owns, or which are attributable to it pursuant to Sections 71d and 7le of the German Stock
Cc aag

of the capital stock. Shares in the company may not be purchased for trading purposes.

Subject to the principle of equal treatment (Section 53a AktG), the purchase may take place via the stock
exchange or via a public offer to all shareholders for the purchase or exchange of shares. In the latter case,
notwithstanding the exclusion of tender rights permitted in specific circumstances, the principle of equal
treatment (Section 53a AktG) must also be taken into account.

The Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 20, 2014 adopted an amendment to Section 4 Paragraph 6

a i e M
Ss a
Capital 2014).
t
The new shares may be issued against cash and/or contributions in kind. The Executive Board is autho-
Ss

rights when issuing new shares in the following cases:

* capital increases against contributions in kind

if the capital increase is against cash and the proportionate share of the capital stock attributable to the
new shares does not exceed 10 percent of the capital stock, and the issue price of the new shares is not
significantly below the stock market price of shares already listed on the stock exchange

* to exclude fractional amounts arising from the subscription ratio

insofar as is necessary to grant holders and/or creditors of warrants or conversion rights or obligors of
warrant and/or conversion obligations subscription rights to new shares to the extent that they would
be entitled to them after exercise of their warrants and/or conversion rights or fulfillment of their
warrant or conversion obligations

© to grant shares to employees (employee stock), provided that the new shares for which subscription
rights are excluded do not in aggregate account for a proportionate share of the capital stock in excess
of 1 percent

* for the execution of a scrip dividend.

The proportionate amount of the capital stock attributable to the shares for which subscription rights are
excluded, together with the proportionate amount of the capital stock attributable to treasury stock or to
conversion and/or warrant rights or obligations arising from debt instruments, which are sold or issued
after May 20, 2014 under exclusion of subscription rights, may not exceed 20 percent of the capital stock.
If the sale or issue takes place in application—analogously or mutatis mutandis—of Section 186 Paragraph 3
Sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), this shall also be deemed to constitute exclusion
of subscription rights.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &(&

Takeover-relevant information

i M
a nominal value of up to €1.25 billion up to May 1, 2019, the capital stock is conditionally increased by a
further €37,280,000 (Conditional Capital 2014).
The conditional capital increase will only be conducted insofar as holders or creditors of warrant or
conversion rights or obligors of warrants or conversion obligations arising from warrant bonds and/or
a Ss -
holders’ Meeting of May 20, 2014, exercise their warrants or conversion rights or, insofar as they have an

Financial statements

obligation to exercise the warrants or conversion obligations, meet the obligation to exercise the warrant
or conversion obligations and other forms of settlement are not used.

The new shares are entitled to a dividend from the start of the fiscal year in which they are issued.

Significant agreements concluded by the company that are contingent upon a change

of control resulting from a takeover bid

Evonik Industries is a contracting party in the following agreements that are contingent upon a change of

control resulting from a takeover bid:

- t
drawn as of December 31, 2014. In the event of a change of control resulting from a takeover bid, these
banks could withdraw the credit facility. On the terms agreed, this applies if a new major shareholder
(apart from RAG-Stiftung and its subsidiaries) acquires direct or indirect voting rights of more than
50 percent in Evonik Industries AG including through a voting rights agreement with one or more
other shareholders (pursuant to Section 30 Paragraph 2 of the German Securities Acquisition and
Takeover Act (WpUG)).

ca
of up to €3 billion. By December 31, 2014 one bond with a nominal value of €500 million had been
issued under this program. The issue conditions contain a change-of-control clause. In the event of
a change of control resulting from a takeover bid and a deterioration in the credit rating of Evonik
Industries AG to non-investment grade within 90 days as a result of such change of control, the bond-
holders have the right to demand redemption of the bond at nominal value plus accrued interest.
A change of control is deemed to have occurred if a person (apart from RAG-Stiftung or a (direct or
indirect) subsidiary of RAG-Stiftung) or persons acting in a concerted manner directly or indirectly
acquire(s) more than 50 percent of the voting rights in Evonik Industries AG.

Agreements on payment of compensation by the company to members of the

Executive Board or other employees in the event of a change of control

Change-of-control clauses are only agreed with members of the Executive Board in connection with long-
term remuneration. A change of control is defined as cases when another company obtains control of
Evonik Industries AG as defined in the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (WpUG) or there

or business combination. In such cases, the long-term remuneration due to the eligible employees is
f

2013 tranche, the payment is calculated pro rata based on the period between the grant date and the

change of control and the four-year performance period.
Management report

&C ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

@| www.evonik.com/
declaration-on-
corporate-governance

| See p.&% ff.

G] See glossary p. !#"

9. Declaration on corporate management

The declaration on corporate management in compliance with Section 289a of the German Commercial
C g www.evonik.com/
declaration-on-corporate-governance.

f Corporate Governance Report
in this Annual Report.

10. Remuneration report

The remuneration report outlines the principles of the remuneration system for the members of the
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board, together with the structure and level of their individual
t fe] Cc Cc fe]
fe] a s n drs i f r s
(IFRS), and the requirements of the German Corporate Governance Code.

10.1 Remuneration of the Executive Board

Changes on the Executive Board
At its meeting on June 26, 2014, the Supervisory Board appointed Christian Kullmann (45) to the Board
M Cc s
Cc p I Cc Cc a Cc s d
Effective July 1, 2014, the Executive Board was therefore increased from four to five members.

Principles and objectives

The remuneration system for the Executive Board is designed to ensure that members receive adequate
remuneration for their tasks and responsibilities, and to take direct account of the performance of
each member of the Executive Board and of the company. The structure of the remuneration system for
the members of the Executive Board of Evonik Industries AG is geared to sustained value creation and
performance-oriented management of the company. It comprises a fixed monthly base salary, which takes
account of the tasks and services performed by the respective member, and a variable short-term component
comprising an annual bonus which is dependent on the attainment of annual performance targets. This is
supplemented by a long-term component linked directly to the increase in the value of the company as an
incentive for sustained commitment to the company, and the customary fringe benefits.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &((

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Executive Board

The remuneration is reviewed regularly by the Supervisory Board, where appropriate on the basis of
remuneration reports from independent consultants. These reviews examine the structure and level of
remuneration of the Executive Board, particularly in comparison with the external market, and also in
relation to remuneration elsewhere in the company. If this reveals a need to adjust the remuneration system
or level of remuneration or the structure of remuneration, the Executive Committee of the Supervisory
Board submits a corresponding proposal to the full Supervisory Board for a decision. The last external
review of the remuneration system for appropriateness was in June 2013.

The chart shows the breakdown of the main remuneration components, i.e. excluding benefits in kind,
other fringe benefits and company pensions plans.

Financial statements

C29 Structure of remuneration of members of the Executive Board a

Fixed annual base salary approx. (%%

Long-term remuneration
(agreed target amounts) —_ approx. (*%

Annual bonus
(as suming $%%%
target attainment) approx. ((%

* Excluding fringe benefits and retirement pensions.

Performance-unrelated components

Fixed annual base salary
The fixed annual base salary is a cash payment for the fiscal year. It takes account of the experience and
scope of responsibility of each Executive Board member. It is paid out in twelve equal installments.

Benefits in kind and other fringe benefits
As benefits in kind and other fringe benefits, members of the Executive Board receive a company car with
a driver, the installation of telecommunications equipment, and an entitlement to an annual medical
check-up. Executive Board members may receive a rent subsidy if performance of their duties requires
them to rent a second apartment. Any benefits in kind are taxed at the rates set out in the applicable tax
regulations.

f e
in the interests of the company. Apart from fees for the attendance of meetings, insofar as such fees are
paid to Executive Board members, such payments are deducted from their annual bonus or paid over to
the company. In this remuneration report, remuneration for offices held in the interests of the company
is included in other fringe benefits.
Management report

&() ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

G] See glossary p. !#"
G] See glossary p. !#*

Performance-related components

Short-term variable remuneration

The performance-related annual bonus is dependent on the attainment of business targets measured by
performance indicators (bonus factor) and the attainment of individual objectives (performance factor).
The bonus factor and performance factor are multiplied. The level of the bonus factor depends on the
achievement of the agreed business targets, and may be between O and 200 percent. ROCE, adjusted net
income and adjusted EBITDA are defined as business targets. The ROCE target is measured against the
mid-term cost of capital, the net income target is derived from a comparison with the prior year, and the
EBITDA target is derived from corporate planning. The company’s accident performance in the financial
year (number and severity of accidents compared with the previous year) also has an influence.

The performance factor rewards the attainment of personal targets and can vary between 80 percent and
120 percent. The reference indicators are aligned individually to the performance targets for each member
of the Executive Board and normally have a multi-year context within the target-setting framework.

If the personal and business objectives are achieved in full, the contractually agreed bonus is paid.
If the company’s income falls short of the planned level, the bonus factor may—in the extreme case—

i
for a specific year. The bonus is capped at 200 percent of the target bonus.

The business and personal targets set for Executive Board members for the bonus and performance
factors are agreed in writing at the start of each fiscal year between the Supervisory Board and each
member of the Executive Board and the level of attainment is determined by the Supervisory Board after
the end of the year.

Long-term variable remuneration (LT])

t e 1 t

i Iti p f e Iti p
redefined as from the 2013 tranche. The general reference base for long-term remuneration is a sustained
rise in the value of the company.

LTI tranches !""# through !"$!
The tranches 2009 through 2012 reward achieving or exceeding the operating earnings targets set in the
mid-term planning and their impact on the value of the company. Each tranche runs for five years from
January 1 of the grant year.

Entitlements are based on individually agreed target amounts provided that earnings targets are met.
Iti

p

defined lower threshold is not reached.

To determine the value of the company as a basis for ascertaining target attainment, the share price at

f e

three months prior to the end of the performance period is calculated. In addition, dividends paid and
any capital increases or decreases during the performance period are taken into account. The cumulative
discrepancy between planned and actual target attainment in the performance period and the dividends
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &(!

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Executive Board

paid in the last year of the performance period are taken into account in the calculation. If there is no share

price, the value of equity is determined on the basis of the last share transaction in the last twelve months
of the performance period. If there was no share transaction in the last twelve months, a fictitious equity
value is used. This is derived by applying a fixed EBITDA multiple to the company’s business performance
in the last full fiscal year.

g Iti p
payment pursuant to DRS 17.9 until Evonik Industries AG was listed on the stock exchange. Consequently,

Financial statements

they were not classified as share-based payments. In each case, payment was contingent on attainment of

Accordingly, these tranches were only deemed to have been granted in the year in which the respective

performance period ended. Granting of payments was further conditional on the fact that the stock

exchange listing had not taken place. This final condition was met in 2013, resulting in the reclassification
i drs Iti

2009 through 2012 are therefore regarded as granted as of this date and treated as share-based payments.

The fair value of each tranche as of the date of the legally binding commitment was calculated and

included in the total remuneration of the individual members of the Executive Board in 2013.

LTI tranches !"$% and !"$&
i e i ag Ss Itip
for the period from 2013 so it differs from the tranches 2009 through 2012. Performance is now measured
by the absolute performance of Evonik’s share price and its performance relative to the MSCI World
Chemicals Index.
Based on the contractually agreed target amount, which is defined in euros, a number of virtual shares
is calculated using the share price at the start of the performance period. This is based on the price in the
last 60 trading days before the start of the performance period. The performance period starts on January 1
of the grant year and runs for four years. Since there was no share price at the start of the performance
period, as an exception, the virtual shares for the 2013 tranche were calculated from the share price in
the first 60 trading days following admission to the stock exchange (April 25, 2013). At the end of the
performance period, the starting price of Evonik shares is viewed against the average share price at the end

of the performance period, including any dividends per share actually paid in this period. This is compared
with the performance of the benchmark index (total shareholder return).

The relative performance may be between 70 and 130 percentage points. If the relative performance

i -
formance is above 130 percentage points, the relative performance factor is set at 130.

The payment is calculated by multiplying the relative performance by the number of virtual shares
allocated and the average price of Evonik shares at the end of the performance period.

Eligible participants are informed of the outcome after the end of the performance period. They can
then opt to accept the payment calculated or to extend the performance period on a one-off basis for
a further year. In this case, a renewed calculation is performed at the end of the extended performance
period. Partial exercise at the end of the original performance period is not permitted. The upper limit for
these payments is set at 300 percent of the individual target amount.
Management report

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

t Iti
are shown in the next table:

T%’( LT tranches

2009 * 2010 * 2011 * 2012 * 2013 > 2014 >

No. of No. of

virtual virtual
in, 000 in, 000 in, 000 in, 000 shares in, 000 shares in, 000
Dr. Klaus Engel 463 478 479 495 43,133 1,028 45,208 1,023
Christian Kullmann 13,562 307
Thomas Wessel — — 96 297 25,880 617 27,125 614
Patrik Wohlhauser — — 216 297 25,880 617 27,125 614
Ute Wolf 6,470 154 27,125 614
Total 463 478 791 1,089 101,363 2,416 140,145 3,172

4 No details are given of other share-based payments because a specific number of shares or share options was not issued, nor can the tranches be
con verted into a number of virtual shares.
> The date of the legally binding commitment corresponds to the grant date.

t Iti t
as follows: €259 thousand for Dr. Engel, €67 thousand for Mr. Kullmann, €194 thousand for Mr. Wessel,
€172 thousand for Mr. Wohlhauser, and €158 thousand for Ms. Wolf.

Company pension plan

The company pension arrangements for Dr. Klaus Engel comprise a percentage of his fixed annual base
salary, which is dependent on length of service with the company and is capped at 60 percent. This pension
commitment provides for a lifelong retirement pension and surviving dependents’ benefits.

A defined-contribution system is applicable for Christian Kullmann, Thomas Wessel, Patrik Wohlhauser
and Ute Wolf. This is a capital-based system funded by provisions. The company credits a fixed annual
amount to their pension account. This comprises 15 percent of their target remuneration, i.e. base salary
and target bonus (short-term remuneration assuming 100 percent target attainment). The guaranteed
annual return is 5 percent. The pension benefit comprises the amount that has accrued on the account,
i.e. contributions credited to the account plus interest. In the event of death or disability, the amount that
would be available on the account on the member’s 55th birthday, including projected contributions and
interest, is calculated. Payment normally comprises a lifelong pension. Alternatively, Executive Board
members may opt for disbursement of part of the capital (maximum 50 percent) in six to ten installments.
Pension entitlements accrued prior to appointment to the Executive Board are either integrated into the
system as an initial contribution or continue to be managed separately. If a member's contract as a member
of the Executive Board ends before benefits are payable, no further contributions are credited to the

return earned by major German life insurers (at least 2.25 percent p.a.) until benefits are claimed.
Members of the Executive Board are entitled to pension benefits after they leave the company if they
leave on or after reaching the age of 60 or 62 (depending on their individual pension arrangements) or if
they leave as a result of permanent incapacity to work. In addition, Dr. Engel can claim pension benefits
from the date of premature termination or non-extension of his contract on the Executive Board, providing
he does not give due cause for such termination. Mr. Kullmann, Mr. Wessel and Mr. Wohlhauser have
similar claims based on pension entitlements accrued prior to their appointment to the Executive Board.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &(*

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Executive Board

In 2014, the service cost for members of the Executive Board totaled €2,977 thousand (2013: €693 thou-
g Cc Cc 9g

ifrs

The difference in service cost for pension commitments is attributable to differences in the valuation
methods used to calculate the settlement amount in accordance with the German Commercial Code

fe] ifrs

The present value of pension obligations for the members of the Executive Board was €20,065 thou-

g Cc Cc g

Financial statements

ifrs t
the pension obligations for individual members of the Executive Board.

T%’) Service cost and present value of pension obligations

German Commercial Code (HGB) IFRS
Present value of
Settlement amount the defined
of pension obligations benefit obligation
Service cost as of Dec. 31 Service cost as of Dec. 31
in, 000 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
Dr. Klaus Engel 2,215 192 12,148 8,872 488 483 17,162 10,582
Christian Kullmann
(pro rata for 2014) 121 _ 2,068 — 160 _ 3,523 _
Thomas Wessel 251 214 2,332 1,838 280 281 3,563 2,326
Patrik Wohlhauser 254 242 2,917 2,348 322 324 4,539 3,001
Ute Wolf
(pro rata for 2013) 136 45 600 397 276 64 986 505
Total 2,977 693 20,065 13,455 1,526 1,152 29,773 16,414
Provisions for pension obligations to former members of the Executive Board and their surviving depen-
dents as of the reporting date were €28,801 thousand (2013: €28,002 thousand) based on the German

Cc Cc fe] ifrs
Rules on termination of service on the Executive Board

Cap on termination benefits in the event of premature termination of term of office

In conformance with the German Corporate Governance Code, the employment contracts with all
members of the Executive Board provide for a cap on termination benefits. If a member’s term of office is
prematurely terminated, payments may not exceed two years’ remuneration, including variable remu-
neration components. In no case is remuneration payable for periods beyond the remaining term of contract.
The contracts specify that no termination benefits are payable if an Executive Board member's contract is
terminated for reasons for which he or she is responsible. The cap on termination benefits is based on total
remuneration including fringe benefits in the previous fiscal year and, where appropriate, the anticipated
total remuneration for the current fiscal year.
Management report

&" ANNUAL REPORT !" #$

EVONIK INDUSTRIES

Post-contractual non-compete agreements
Post-contractual non-compete agreements have not been concluded with members of the Executive Board.

Change-of-control clause

Change-of-control clauses are only agreed with members of the Executive Board in connection with
long-term remuneration. A change of control is defined as cases when another company obtains control
of Evonik Industries AG as defined in the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (WpUG) or there

or business combination. In such cases, the long-term remuneration due to the eligible Executive Board
f

is calculated pro rata based on the period between the grant date and the change of control and the

four-year performance period.

Remuneration of the Executive Board in fiscal 2014

The total remuneration paid to the members of the Executive Board for their work in 2014, including
remuneration for the performance of other offices, was €10,644 thousand (2013: €25,997 thousand and
including remuneration of €12,039 thousand paid to the former Executive Board members Dr. Colberg,
d dy t

year, for which no provision was established in 2013.

Based on the principles outlined, the breakdown of remuneration for each Executive Board member in 2014
was as follows:

T%’! Remuneration of the Executive Board
Performance-unrelated remuneration Performance-related remuneration
Special
bonus
for
stock LTI Total
ex- 2009 remuneration
Fixed Fringe benefits change to in accordance Bench-
remuneration and similar Annual bonus listing LTI* 2012 with DRS 17 mark ©
in, 000 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2013 2014 2013 2013 2014 2013 4} 2013
Dr. Klaus Engel 1,100 880 49 74 1,419 1,107 1,500 1,023 1,028 1,915 3,591 6,504 3,089
Christian Kullmann ° 300 _— 27 — 358 — — 307 _— _— 992 _— —
Thomas Wessel 600 510 58 175 700 762 1,000 614 617 393 1,972 3,457 2,064
Patrik Wohlhauser 600 575 34 34 869 715 1,000 614 617 513 2,117 3,514 2,001
Ute Wolf © 600 150 89 16 669 163 — 614 154 —| 1,972 483 483
Total 3,200 2,115 257 299 4,015 2,807 3,500 3,172 2,416 2,821 | 10,644 13,958 7,637

® Fair value as of the legally binding commitment or grant date.

eanoc

Pro rata for 2014 from July 1, 2014.

Pro rata for 2013 from October 1, 2013.

Including LTI 2009 through 2012 due to first-time classification as share-based payment pursuant to DRS 17 and special bonus for stock exchange listing.
Excluding LTI 2009 through 2012 and special bonus for stock exchange listing to enhance comparability of the prior-year figures.

In 2014, no member of the Executive Board received benefits or corresponding promises from third parties
e f d
no loans or advances to members of the Executive Board.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation & Ht

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Executive Board

f e

cover their statutory liability arising from their work on the Executive Board. In the event of a claim, this
provides for a deductible of 10 percent of the damage, up to one-and-a-half times the individual member's
fixed annual remuneration.

Financial statements

Remuneration report in accordance with the German Corporate Governance Code

As from 2014, the German Corporate Governance Code recommends that listed companies should also
disclose the remuneration of the Executive Board on the basis of a defined table showing the granting and
allocation of benefits.

T%’S Benefits granted

Dr. Klaus Engel

Chief Executive Officer

in, 000 2013 2014 2014 (min) 2014 (max)
Fixed compensation 880 1,100 1,100 1,100
Fringe bene ts 74 49 49 49
Total 954 1,149 1,149 1,149
One-year variable compensation * 2,525 1,150 = 2,300
Multi-year variable compensation 1,028 1,023 = 3,750

LTI 2009 through 2013 1,028 — —

LTI 2010 through 2014 aa 1,023 — 3,750
Total 4,507 3,322 1,149 7,199
Service cost 483 488 488 488
Total compensation 4,990 3,810 1,637 7,687

Christian Kullmann
Chief Strategic Officer (from July 1, 2014)

in , 000 2013 2014 >| 2014 (min) | 2014 ° (max)
Fixed compensation a 300 300 300
Fringe bene ts — 27 27 27
Total — 327 327 327
One-year variable compensation * aa 325 — 650
Multi-year variable compensation —_ 307 — 1,125
LTI 2009 through 2013 a = = =
LTI 2010 through 2014 aa 307 — 1,125
Total — 959 327 2,102
Service cost — 160 160 160
Total compensation —_ 1,119 487 2,262

* Including special bonus for the stock market listing in 2013.
> Pro rata (Mr. Kullmann from July 1, 2014).
\ Management report J

&)%

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$

EVONIK INDUSTRIES

T%’S Benefits granted

Thomas Wessel
Chief Human Resources Officer

in, 000 2013 2014 2014 (min) 2014 (max)
Fixed compensation 510 600 600 600
Fringe bene ts 175 58 58 58
Total 685 658 658 658
One-year variable compensation * 1,570 650 — 1,300
Multi-year variable compensation 617 614 — 2,250
LTI 2009 through 2013 617 = = =|
LTI 2010 through 2014 —_— 614 = 2,250
Total 2,872 1,922 658 4,208
Service cost 281 280 280 280
Total compensation 3,153 2,202 938 4,488
Patrik Wohlhauser
Chief Operating Officer
in, 000 2013 2014 2014 (min) 2014 (max)
Fixed compensation 575 600 600 600
Fringe bene ts 34 34 34 34
Total 609 634 634 634
One-year variable compensation * 1,650 650 — 1,300
Multi-year variable compensation 617 614 — 2,250
LTI 2009 through 2013 617 = = =|
LTI 2010 through 2014 —_— 614 = 2,250
Total 2,876 1,898 634 4,184
Service cost 324 322 322 322
Total compensation 3,200 2,220 956 4,506
Ute Wolf
Chief Financial Officer (from Oct. 1, 2013)
in, 000 2013 > 2014 2014 (min) 2014 (max)
Fixed compensation 150 600 600 600
Fringe bene ts 16 89 89 89
Total 166 689 689 689
One-year variable compensation * 163 650 — 1,300
Multi-year variable compensation 154 614 — 2,250
LTI 2009 through 2013 154 = = =|
LTI 2010 through 2014 —_— 614 = 2,250
Total 483 1,953 689 4,239
Service cost 64 276 276 276
Total compensation 547 2,229 965 4,515

* Including special bonus for the stock market listing in 2013.
b Pro rata (Ms. Wolf from October 1, 2013).

*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &)&

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Executive Board

T%’* Allocation

Dr. Klaus Engel Christian Kullmann Thomas Wessel Patrik Wohlhauser Ute Wolf E
Chief Executive Chief Strategic Chief Human Chief Operating Chief Financial 2
Officer Officer Resources Officer Officer Officer 2
(from July 1, 2014) (from Oct. 1, 2013) 3
3
Ss
in, 000 2013 2014 2013 2014 * 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 * 2014 &
Fixed compensation 880 1,100 — 300 510 600 575 600 150 600
Fringe bene ts 74 49 — 27 175 58 34 34 16 89
Total 954 1,149 — 327 685 658 609 634 166 689
One-year variable
compensation °° * 2,705 1,239 — 358 1,575 695 1,804 715 163 669
Multi-year variable compensation 598 835
LTI 2008 through 2012 598
LTI 2009 through 2013 835
Total 4,257 3,223 — 685 2,260 1,353 2,413 1,349 329 1,358
Service cost 483 488 — 160 281 280 324 322 64 276
Total compensation 4,740 3,711 — 845 2,541 1,633 2,737 1,671 393 1,634

4 Pro rata (Ms. Wolf from October 1, 2013, Mr. Kullmann from July 1, 2014).

Including special bonus for the stock market listing in 2013.

In some cases, fees for other offices held are offset against variable compensation contained in fringe benefits;

2013: Dr. Engel ,63 thousand, Wessel ,130 thousand; 2014: Dr. Engel ,26 thousand, Wessel ,20 thousand, Wolf ,46 thousand.
The one-year variable compensation for 2013 corresponds to the actual payments made in 2014 for 2013.

The one-year variable compensation for 2014 has not yet been finalized; estimate based on assumptions made for provisions.

Former Executive Board members, including members who left the Executive Board in 2014
Total remuneration of former members of the Executive Board and their surviving dependents was
€1,374 thousand in 2014 (2013: €1,154 thousand).
Management report

&)

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

10.2 Remuneration of the Supervisory Board

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is governed by Section 15 of the Articles of Incorporation of
Evonik Industries AG.

The remuneration system takes account of the responsibilities and scope of activities of the members
of the Supervisory Board. In addition to reimbursement of their expenses and value-added tax payable on
their remuneration and expenses, the members of the Supervisory Board receive a fixed annual payment.
Their remuneration does not include a variable component.

Different levels of fixed annual remuneration are paid to the Chairman (€200 thousand), Deputy
Chairman (€130 thousand) and other members of the Supervisory Board (€90 thousand).

Additional remuneration of €45 thousand is paid for chairing the Executive Committee and the Audit
Committee, while the deputy chairpersons receive €30 thousand each and other members €30 thousand

t f i Cc
€35 thousand, the deputy chairperson €27.5 thousand, and the other members €27.5 thousand each. The
n Cc M C
for the chairperson, €15 thousand for the deputy chairperson and €15 thousand each for the other members.
Members of the Mediation Committee are only entitled to the additional remuneration if the committee
meets during the year.

f s
Supervisory Board and its committees that they attend. If several meetings are held on the same day,
this fee is only paid once.

Members who only serve on the Supervisory Board for part of a fiscal year receive remuneration on
a pro rata basis. This also applies for increases in the remuneration for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman
of the Supervisory Board and any increased remuneration paid for membership of or chairing a committee.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &)(

Remuneration report
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board

The following table shows the breakdown of the amounts paid to individual members of the Super-

visory Board: 2
5

T%°" Remuneration of the Supervisory Board 2
3

Remuneration E
Fixed for membership
remuneration of a committee Attendance fees Total

in, 000 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013

G nter Adam 90 90 58 58 10 9 158 157

Prof. Barbara Albert (from July 1, 2014) 45 — — —_— 2 —_— 47 —

Dr. Peter Bettermann

(until June 30, 2014) 45 90 — —_ 3 4 48 94

Karin Erhard 90 90 20 — 7 4 117 94

Dr. Hans Michael Gaul

(until March 11, 2013) — 22 — 9 — 2 — 33

Stephan Gemkow 90 90 28 28 8 8 126 126

Ralf Giesen (until April 30, 2014) 30 90 19 53 4 ll 53 154

Prof. Barbara Grunewald

(from March 11, 2013) 90 75 30 25 @ 7 129 107

Ralf Hermann 90 90 58 58 9 9 157 157

Prof. Wolfgang A. Herrmann 90 90 = _ 5 4 95 94

Dieter Kleren 90 90 — _ 5 4 95 94

Steven Koltes 90 90 45 45 5 5 140 140

Frank L llgen (from May 1, 2014) 60 — 18 _— 7 _— 85 —

Dr. Siegfried Luther 90 90 45 45 10 7 145 142

Dr. Werner M Iler 200 200 103 98 13 12 316 310

JrgenNding * 110 100 30 30 11 11 151 141

Norbert Pohlmann 90 90 — _— 5 4 95 94

Dr. Wilfried Robers 90 90 30 30 10 8 130 128

Michael R diger (from March 11, 2013) 90 75 35 29 9 6 134 110

Christian Strenger (until March 11 , 2013) — 22 — 8 —_ 2 — 32

Ulrich Terbrack 90 90 — _ 5 4 95 94

Dr. Volker Trautz 90 90 45 45 6 6 141 141

Michael Vassiliadis 130 130 58 58 10 7 198 195

Dr. Christian Wildmoser 90 90 58 58 13 13 161 161

Total 1,970 1,974 680 677 166 147 2,816 2,798

4 Mr. N dig was also a member of the Supervisory Board of Evonik Services GmbH until July 31, 2014.

The remuneration and attendance fees paid to the Supervisory Board in 2013 and 2014 is presented on

f s
are calculated on a pro rata basis.

There were no loans or advances to members of the Supervisory Board as of December 31, 2014, nor
did Supervisory Board members receive any remuneration in 2014 for services provided personally,
including consulting and referral services.

f s
to cover their statutory liability arising from their work on the Supervisory Board. In the event of a claim,
this provides for a deductible of 10 percent of the damage, up to one-and-a-half times the individual
member's fixed annual remuneration.
j

Management report

X

&)

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

11. Report on expected developments

11.1 Economic background

Global economy expected to pick up slightly in 2015
On the basis of our internal analyses, which are derived from the evaluation of a variety of reports and our
f
the slightly weaker economic development observed in the second half of 2014, we assume that global
gross domestic product will increase by 3.0 percent in 2015. The stepwise global economic recovery is still
exposed to considerable headwind and regional trends are likely to be increasingly divergent. While far
n a e
European Central Bank’s monetary policy and the depreciation of the euro.

C30 GDP forecast for 2015

in %

3.0
2.9

Global GDP

“ __
ermany 1s
Other European | 18
Countries 14
24
. 10
Central and South America 06
. spe 48
Asia-Pacific
47
27

1.0 2.0 3.0 4.0 5.0

°

mmm 2015 mmm 2014 (projected)

Since German growth slowed considerably in 2014, we expect the growth rate to be slightly lower in 2015.
While we assume that investment will rise more slowly, we expect the economy to grow by 1.2 percent
in 2015, driven mainly by rising domestic consumption. Turning to the other European countries, there are
initial signs of success with structural reforms in some countries like Spain. Moreover, the significant
depreciation of the euro could improve the competitiveness of some European economies in the short term.
e
that growth in Europe as a whole will only increase slightly in 2015.
g n a i

the steady upturn on the labor market, we assume far higher growth than in 2014, driven mainly by
consumer spending.
*toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &)!

Report on expected developments
Economic background

ie)

t p Cc fe]

the reforms in China and the government's lower growth target, our assumption is that in most countries
economic growth will be around or slightly above the 2014 level. In the South American emerging
markets, by contrast, we see higher risks. These could be exacerbated by failure to undertake structural
reforms, leading to lower growth in the short and mid term.

The projection for 2015 is marked by considerable uncertainty. The global economy could develop
differently from our expectations, especially on the basis of central bank action. Both the impact of the
eC f
economy in the USA could result in further distortion of the foreign exchange and commodity markets,
which would adversely affect growth.

Alongside global economic momentum, Evonik’s market environment is influenced by trends in our
end-customer industries. Since output in our end-customer industries again grew slightly faster than
GDP in 2014, we only expect to see additional impetus in a few industries in 2015. Only cyclical end-
customer industries such as the construction, automotive, mechanical engineering and electronics sectors
are expected to report a slight increase in global growth. That said, the regional development is likely to
remain subdued, especially in Europe, which is an important market for Evonik, and growth rates will
probably remain low. In key end-customer industries such as pharmaceuticals, food and animal feed, and

Financial statements

C31 Forecast for Evonik s end-customer industries 2014/2015 a

in %

Industry overall

»

io
»
Q

Consumer and
personal care products

Food and animal feed

Automotive and
mechanical engineering

Construction

Plastics and rubber °

Pharmaceuticals

Electrical and electronics

Metal and oil products

Paints and coatings °

Paper and printing

Agriculture

!

a
a
»
|
#
|
a
|

mm 2015 mm 2014 (projected)

* Rounded amounts.
> Where not directly assigned to other end-customer industries.
Management report

&)S

ANNUAL REPORT !" #$ EVONIK INDUSTRIES

The impact of an upturn in our end-customer industries on industrial value chains and our business is
likely to vary. We anticipate that global inflation will remain low as a result of the moderate economic
upturn and low upward price pressure from commodities. Moreover, significant deflationary trends could
emerge in some areas. On the commodities markets, the sluggish cyclical momentum and present
expansion of supply will continue to make themselves felt, so the price of Evonik-specific raw materials is
only likely to rise slightly compared with the end of 2014/early 2015. Overall, our internal raw material
cost index should be below the average for 2014. Risks here still include geopolitical factors, which could
adversely affect supply.

We expect the euro to depreciate in 2015 as a result of the growth gap and yield spread between the

usa O

11.2 Outlook

Basis for our forecast:
- g
- e us us$1.30'

Sales and earnings
The following guidance relates to our business in the structure applicable from the start of 2015.
p e
the positive trend at Evonik that we experienced in the second half of 2014 to continue through 2015.
We anticipate that sales will rise slightly (2014: €12.9 billion). The continued positive trend in our
markets and pleasing demand for our products will lead to further volume growth. The new production
facilities that came on stream in the past year will also contribute to this. We expect selling prices to

to put pressure on selling prices in certain businesses in the Performance Materials segment.

In all, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher than in the previous year (2014: €1,867 million).
Alongside the continued high profitability of our operating businesses, the On Track 2.0 and Administration
Excellence efficiency enhancement programs will make a perceptible contribution to the earnings increase
in 2015. This will be countered, however, by ramp-up expenses and the higher fixed-cost base resulting
from growth investments. The earnings impact of lower raw material prices on individual businesses will
vary, but should largely balance out across the portfolio as a whole.

Moreover, exchange rate effects could affect the development of sales and earnings. If the average
euro/US dollar exchange rate remains at the level registered at the start of 2015, there will be additional
upside potential for sales and adjusted EBITDA over the full year.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) should once again be above the cost of capital in 2015.
n
for the present growth program, as the construction of production facilities increases capital employed,

1 Weighted average calculated from currency hedging and the present rate for the US dollar transaction volume.
-toours are olders { MANAGEMENT REPORT + Consolidated finanCial stateMents + suppleMentary inforMation &)*

Report on expected developments
Outlook

Financing and investments
Up to €1.1 billion has been budgeted for capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment in
2015 (2014: €1.1 billion). In the following years, capital expenditures should decline to a sustainable level
of around €800 million to €900 million p.a.
In view of the capital requirements for the implementation of our growth investments, the payment
of the dividend and the planned contribution to the CTA, we assume that—following a net cash position of — G] see glossary p. i"
€0.4 billion at year-end 2014—we will once again report net financial debt at the end of 2015.

Financial statements

Occupational and plant safety

We assume a slight improvement in the accident frequency ' indicator in 2015 (2014: 1.2), so we should
remain below the upper limit of 1.3 defined for 2015. Our long-term goal is still a sustained value of less
than 1.0. Our 2015 target for the plant safety indicator incident frequency’ is still a maximum of 48 and
we expect to post a slight improvement compared with 2014 (53).

This report contains forward-looking statements based on the present expectations, assumptions and forecasts made by the Executive

Board and the information available to it. These forward-looking statements do not constitute a guarantee of future developments
f

risks and unforeseeable factors and are based on assumptions that may prove incorrect.

‘hn e e
working hours.

2n
reference base (expressed in percentage points: 2008 = 100).
