

--- Page 1 ---

Operating and financial review

and prospects

About ABB

We are a global leader in power and automation technologies
that improve the performance and lower the environmental
impact of our customers in the utility, industry and transporta-
tion & infrastructure sectors. We provide a broad range of
products, systems, solutions and services that are designed
to boost productivity, increase power reliability and enhance
energy efficiency. We operate in roughly 100 countries and
employ about 140,000 people.

History of the ABB Group

The ABB Group was formed in 1988 through a merger between
Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG. Initially founded in
1883, Asea AB was a major participant in the introduction of
electricity into Swedish homes and businesses and in the
development of Sweden’s railway network. In the 1940s and
1950s, Asea AB expanded into the power, mining and steel
industries. Brown Boveri and Cie. (later renamed BBC Brown
Boveri AG) was formed in Switzerland in 1891 and initially
specialized in power generation and turbines. In the early to
mid-1900s, it expanded its operations throughout Europe
and broadened its business operations to include a wide range
of electrical engineering activities.

In January 1988, Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG
each contributed almost all of their businesses to the newly
formed ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd, of which they each
owned 50 percent. In 1996, Asea AB was renamed ABB AB
and BBC Brown Boveri AG was renamed ABB AG. In Febru-
ary 1999, the ABB Group announced a group reconfiguration
designed to establish a single parent holding company and a
single class of shares. ABB Ltd was incorporated on March 5,
1999, under the laws of Switzerland. In June 1999, ABB Ltd
became the holding company for the entire ABB Group. This
was accomplished by having ABB Ltd issue shares to the
shareholders of ABB AG and ABB AB, the two companies that
formerly owned the ABB Group. The ABB Ltd shares were
exchanged for the shares of those two companies, which, as
a result of the share exchange and certain related transac-
tions, became wholly-owned subsidiaries of ABB Ltd. ABB Ltd
shares are currently listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the
NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Exchange and the New York Stock
Exchange (in the form of American Depositary Shares).

74 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Organizational structure

Our business is international in scope and we generate
revenues in numerous currencies. We are headquartered in
Zurich, Switzerland.

We manage our business based on a divisional structure,
with five divisions: Discrete Automation and Motion, Low
Voltage Products, Process Automation, Power Products, and
Power Systems. For a breakdown of our consolidated rev-
enues (i) by operating division and (ii) derived from each geo-
graphic region in which we operate, see “Analysis of results
of operations — Revenues.”

We operate in approximately 100 countries across four
regions: Europe, the Americas, Asia, and the Middle East and
Africa (MEA). A breakdown of our employees by geographic
region is as follows:

December 31,
2014 2013 2012
Europe 63,000 65,000 64,000
The Americas 32,200 34,400 34,400
Asia 37,100 39,400 38,300
Middle East and Africa 8,100 8,900 9,400
Total 140,400 147,700 146,100

The proportion of our employees that are represented by
labor unions or are the subject of collective bargaining agree-
ments varies based on the labor practices of each country

in which we operate.

Business divisions

Industry background

As a global leader in power and automation, we serve utilities,
industry, and transport and infrastructure customers through
our five divisions. The markets and our divisions are discussed
in more detail below. Revenue figures presented in this Busi-
ness divisions section are before interdivisional eliminations.


--- Page 2 ---

Utilities Market

We serve the utilities market with products, systems and ser-
vices designed primarily to deliver electricity. Electricity is
generated in power stations of various types, including ther-
mal, wind, solar and hydro plants and is then fed into an
electricity grid through which it is transmitted and distributed
to consumers. Transmission systems link power generation
sources to distribution systems, often over long distances.
Distribution systems then branch out over shorter distances
to carry electricity to end users. These electricity networks
incorporate sophisticated devices to transmit electricity, con-
trol and monitor the power flow and ensure efficiency, reli-
ability, quality and safety.

The primary demand driver in the utilities market is the
growing need for reliable electricity supplies to support eco-
nomic growth and address global environmental challenges.
This is also driving increased demand for renewable energy
and high-efficiency power systems and equipment. As new
power sources and loads are added, there is a need for grids
and power networks to become more flexible, reliable and
smarter. Power quality, stability and security of supply become
key priorities. Additional drivers vary by region. Capacity
addition across the power value chain is the key market driver
in emerging markets, mainly in Asia, the Middle East, South
America and Africa. In North America, the focus is on upgrad-
ing and replacing aging infrastructure, improving grid reli-
ability and enabling smarter power networks. In Europe, the
focus is on upgrading the power infrastructure, integrating
renewable energy sources such as wind power, and building
interconnections to allow more efficient use of power.

Industry Market

We serve the industry market with a wide variety of automa-
tion products, systems and services designed primarily to
increase industrial productivity and energy efficiency, deliver
more reliable and efficient electrical power to industrial end
users, and improved process and product quality in industrial
and manufacturing processes. We serve industrial customers
who mainly use process or discrete manufacturing processes.
Process automation refers to measurement, control, electri-
fication and other applications used in processes where the
main objective is continuous production, such as in the

oil and gas, power, chemicals, mining, metals, and pulp and
paper industries. Discrete automation refers to operations
that manufacture individual items, such as automotive, con-
sumer electronics and food and beverage. In addition, we
offer power solutions to ensure that electricity is delivered
within the plant safely, with low losses and at optimal quality
and reliability levels.

The primary demand drivers in the industry market
include the need by our customers to reduce energy and raw
material costs, improve product and process quality, increase
process and manufacturing safety, lower their environmental
impacts and improve the management of large assets such
as manufacturing plants. There are additional regional demand
drivers. In North America, for example, the emergence of
shale gas and shale oil as economically viable fuel sources and
feedstock for the petrochemical industry is creating more
demand both for oil and gas processing as well as encouraging
general industrial investments to take advantage of lower
energy input costs. Development of the largely untapped natu-
ral resources base in Africa combined with the ambitions of
many African countries to expand economic growth through
industrial diversification is another regional demand driver
in our industry market. A further example is the shift in policy
in China to promote more efficient and cleaner industrial
production, which increases demand for our industrial auto-
mation solutions.

Transport and Infrastructure Market
We serve the transport and infrastructure market with products,
systems and services designed primarily to increase energy
efficiency, thereby reducing our customers’ operating costs
and environmental impact. Our primary transport markets are
the marine, rail and electrical vehicle markets. Our solutions
ensure that electrical power is delivered and used efficiently
in, for example, liquefied natural gas vessels, offshore oil
and gas production vessels, cruise ships, conventional and
high-speed electrical locomotives, electrically-powered
urban transit systems and electric cars and buses. Our infra-
structure market includes the building industry, especially
building automation where we offer products and applications
aimed at improving the energy efficiency of buildings through
automated control of indoor climate, lighting and security.
Data centers that require large amounts of electrical power
delivered at extremely high reliability levels is another impor-
tant infrastructure market.

The primary demand drivers in the transport and infra-
structure market are increasing urbanization, the need
for increased energy efficiency to reduce costs and lower
environmental impacts, the rise in demand for electrically-
powered forms of transportation, and the need for reliable
and high-quality power delivery to commercial buildings.

Discrete Automation and Motion Division

Overview

The Discrete Automation and Motion division offers a wide
range of products and services including variable-speed
drives, motion control solutions, motors, generators, power
electronics systems, rectifiers, power quality and power pro-
tection products, mechanical power transmission of rotating
equipment, traction converters, solar inverters, wind turbine
converters, electric vehicle charging infrastructure, program-
mable logic controllers (PLCs), and industrial robots. These
products help customers to improve productivity, quality, and
energy efficiency, and generate energy. Key applications
include energy conversion, data processing, actuation, auto-
mation, standardized manufacturing cells for applications

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 75


--- Page 3 ---

such as machine tending, welding, cutting, painting, finishing,
picking, packing and palletizing, and engineered systems
for the automotive industry. The majority of these applications
are for industrial applications including discrete manufactur-
ing, process automation and hybrid or batch manufacturing,
with others provided for infrastructure and buildings, trans-
portation, and utilities. The division also provides a full range
of life-cycle services, from product and system maintenance
to application design, including energy efficiency appraisals,
preventive maintenance and remote monitoring services.

Revenues are generated both from direct sales to end
users as well as from indirect sales through distributors,
machine builders and OEMs (original equipment manufactur-
ers), system integrators, and panel builders.

The Discrete Automation and Motion division had
approximately 31,100 employees as of December 31, 2014,
and generated $10.1 billion of revenues in 2014.

Products and Services

The Discrete Automation and Motion division provides low-
voltage and medium-voltage drive products and systems for
industrial, commercial and residential applications. Drives
provide speed, torque and motion control for equipment such
as fans, pumps, compressors, conveyors, centrifuges, mix-
ers, hoists, cranes, extruders, printing and textile machines.
They are used in industries such as building automation,
marine, power, transportation, food and beverage, metals,
mining, and oil and gas.

The division also produces a range of power conversion
products. These include static excitation and synchronizing
systems that provide stability for power stations, uninterrupt-
ible power supply modular systems, as well as high power
rectifiers that convert alternating current (AC) power to direct
current (DC) power for very high-amperage applications
such as furnaces in aluminum smelters. The division also
manufactures solar inverters, wind turbine converters
and converters for power protection. Rail traction converters,
DC wayside power solutions and a range of solutions for
the charging of electric vehicles are also part of the division's
portfolio.

Discrete Automation and Motion supplies a comprehen-
sive range of electrical motors and generators, including
high-efficiency motors that conform to leading environmental
and Minimum Energy Performance Standards (MEPS).
Efficiency is an important selection criterion for customers,
because electric motors account for nearly two-thirds
of the electricity consumed by industrial plants. The Discrete
Automation and Motion division manufactures synchronous
motors for the most demanding applications and a full range
of low- and high-voltage induction motors, for both IEC (Inter-
national Electrotechnical Commission) and NEMA (National
Electrical Manufacturers Association) standards.

76 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

The Discrete Automation and Motion division offers
robots, controllers and software systems and services for the
automotive manufacturers and their sub-suppliers as well
as for general manufacturing industries, to improve product
quality, productivity and consistency in manufacturing pro-
cesses. Robots are also used in activities or environments
which may be hazardous to employee health and safety,
such as repetitive lifting, dusty, hot or cold rooms, or painting
booths. In the automotive industry, the robot products and
systems are used in such areas as press shop, body shop,
paint shop, power train assembly, trim and final assembly.
General industry segments in which robotics solutions are
used range from metal fabrication, foundry, plastics, food
and beverage, chemicals and pharmaceuticals to consumer
electronics, solar and wood. Typical general industry appli-
cations include welding, material handling, painting, picking,
packing and palletizing.

The division also offers services that complement its
products, including design and project management,
engineering, installation, training and life-cycle care, energy
efficiency appraisals and preventive maintenance.

Customers

The Discrete Automation and Motion division serves a wide
range of customers. Customers include machinery manu-
facturers, process industries such as pulp and paper, oil and
gas, and metals and mining companies, hybrid and batch
manufacturers such as food and beverage companies, rail
equipment manufacturers, discrete manufacturing companies
such as ‘3C’ (computer, communication and consumer elec-
tronic), utilities and renewable energy suppliers, particularly
in the wind and solar sectors, as well as customers in the
automotive industry and electric vehicle charging networks.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales forces as well as
through third-party channel partners, such as distributors,
wholesalers, installers, machine builders and OEMs, system
integrators, and panel builders. The proportion of direct
sales compared to channel partner sales varies among the
different industries, product technologies and geographic
markets.

Competition

The Discrete Automation and Motion division’s principal
competitors vary by product line but include Alstom, Fanuc
Robotics, Kuka Robot Group, Rockwell Automation,
Schneider, Siemens, Yaskawa, SMA and WEG Industries.

Capital Expenditures

The Discrete Automation and Motion division’s capital expen-
ditures for property, plant and equipment totaled $192 million
in 2014, compared to $214 million and $197 million in 2013
and in 2012, respectively. Principal investments in 2014 were
primarily related to equipment replacement and upgrades.
Geographically, in 2014, Europe represented 43 percent of the
capital expenditures, followed by the Americas (35 percent),
Asia (19 percent) and MEA (3 percent).


--- Page 4 ---

Low Voltage Products Division

Overview

The Low Voltage Products division helps customers to improve
productivity, use energy efficiently and increase safety. The
division offers a wide range of products and systems, with
related services, that provide protection, control and mea-
surement for electrical installations, enclosures, switchboards,
electronics and electromechanical devices for industrial
machines and plants. The main applications are in industry,
building, infrastructure, rail and sustainable transportation,
renewable energies and e-mobility applications.

The Low Voltage Products division had approximately
29,900 employees as of December 31, 2014, and generated
$7.5 billion of revenues in 2014.

A majority of the division’s revenues comes from sales
through distributors, wholesalers, OEMs, system integrators,
and panel builders, although a portion of the division’s
revenues comes from direct sales to end users and utilities.

Products and Services

The Low Voltage Products division offering covers a wide
range of products and services including low-voltage
switchgears, breakers, switches, control products, DIN-rail
components, automation and distribution enclosures,
wiring accessories and installation material for many kinds
of applications.

The division offers solutions for restoring service rapidly
in case of a fault and providing optimum protection of
the electrical installation and people using such installation.
The product offering ranges from miniature circuit breakers
to high-capacity molded-case and air circuit breakers, and
includes safety switches used for power distribution in
factories and buildings, fuse gear systems for short circuit
and overload protection as well as cabling and connection
components.

The Low Voltage Products division also offers terminal
blocks and printed circuit board connectors used by panel
builders and OEMs to produce standard distribution and
control panels as well as specialized applications in industries
such as traction, energy, maritime, explosive atmospheres
and electronics. In addition, the division offers a range of con-
tactors, soft starters, starters, proximity sensors, safety
products for industrial protection, limit switches and manual
motor starters, along with electronic relays and overload
relays.

The division provides smart home and intelligent building
control systems, also Known as KNX protocol, a complete
system for all energy-reducing building application areas such
as lighting and shutters, heating, ventilation, cooling and
security. In addition, the division’s IEC and NEMA compliant
switchgear technology integrates intelligent motor and
feeder control solutions to enhance protection, digital con-
trol, condition monitoring and plant-wide data access by
process control systems, electrical control systems and other
plant computers.

The Low Voltage Products division has also developed
a range of products for new markets, such as those used
by electric vehicles (e-mobility) and in photovoltaic, solar and
wind applications. These include circuit breakers, energy
meters, switch-disconnectors, residual current-operated cir-

cuit breakers, interface relays and other products designed
for outdoor installation.

The division also supplies a wide range of electrical com-
ponents including conduits, boxes, covers, fittings, con-
nectors, fasteners, wiring ducts, terminals, cable trays, struts,
grounding, insulation, switchgear, metal framing, earthing &
lightning protection and industrial lighting products for various
types of application.

Customers

The Low Voltage Products division serves a wide range

of customers, including residential and commercial building
contractors, process industries, rail equipment manufactur-
ers, manufacturing companies, utilities and renewable energy
suppliers, particularly in the wind and solar sectors.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are made both through direct sales forces as well as
through third-party channel partners, such as distributors,
wholesalers, installers, machine builders and OEMs, system
integrators, and panel builders. The proportion of direct
sales compared to channel partner sales varies among the
different industries, product technologies and geographic
markets.

Competition

The Low Voltage Products division’s principal competitors
vary by product line but include Eaton Corporation, Legrand,
Mitsubishi, Schneider, Siemens, Leviton and Rittal.

Capital Expenditures

The Low Voltage Products division’s capital expenditures
for property, plant and equipment totaled $184 million in
2014, compared to $204 million and $208 million in 2013 and
2012, respectively. Investments in 2014 primarily related to
equipment replacement and upgrades in recently acquired
businesses. Geographically, in 2014, Europe represented

48 percent of the capital expenditures, followed by the Amer-
icas (34 percent), Asia (16 percent) and MEA (2 percent).

Process Automation Division

Overview

The Process Automation division is a leading provider of
fully-engineered solutions, products and services for process
control, safety, instrumentation, plant electrification and
energy management for the key process industry sectors of
chemical, oil and gas, marine, mining, minerals, metals,
cement, and pulp and paper. Each industry has certain unique
business drivers, yet all share common requirements for
operational productivity, safety, energy efficiency, minimized
risk and environment compliance. The Process Automation
division’s core competencies are the applications of automa-
tion and electrification technologies to address these generic
requirements and are tailored to the characteristics of each

of its key industries. Additionally, this business has a number
of industry-specific services and anchor products (¢.g. gearless
mill drives, mine hoists, Azipods, turbochargers) that differ-
entiate the business from its competitors. These products
make ABB more relevant to its customers in these industries

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 77


--- Page 5 ---

and represent significant components of a larger automation
and electrification scope. The division is organized around
industry systems, product businesses and life cycle services.
The division had approximately 23,100 employees as of
December 31, 2014, and generated revenues of $7.9 billion
in 2014.

The Process Automation division offering is made avail-
able as separately sold products or as part of a total electrifi-
cation, instrumentation and/or automation system. The divi-
sion’s technologies are sold both through direct sales forces
and third-party channels.

Products and Services

The Process Automation division offers standalone products,
engineered systems and services for process control and
measurement, safety, plant electrification, information manage-
ment, assets management and industry-specific applications
for a variety of industries, primarily pulp and paper, metals,
minerals and mining, chemical, oil and gas, marine, pharma-
ceuticals and the power industry. Some of the Discrete
Automation and Motion, Power Systems, Power Products and
Low Voltage Products divisions’ products are integrated into
the process control and electrification systems offered by the
Process Automation division.

Our automation systems are used in applications such as
continuous and batch control, asset optimization, energy
management and safety. They are the hubs that link instrumen-
tation, measurement devices and systems for control and
supervision of industrial processes and enable customers to
integrate their production systems with their enterprise,
resource and planning systems, thereby providing a link to
their ordering, billing and shipping processes. This link allows
customers to manage their entire manufacturing and busi-
ness process based on real-time access to plant information.
Additionally, it allows customers to increase production
efficiency, optimize their assets and reduce environmental
waste.

A key element of this division’s product offering is its
System 800xA process automation platform. This product
extends the capability of traditional process control systems,
introducing advanced functions such as batch management,
asset optimization and field device integration which “plug in”
to a common user environment. The same user interface
may also be used to manage components of existing multiple
ABB control systems that have been installed in the market
over approximately the past 25 years. In this way, System 800xA
gives customers a way to migrate to new functions one step
at atime, rather than having to make a large-scale capital
investment to replace their entire control system. By creating
acommon user interface that can be used to manage
multiple systems, System 800xA also reduces the research
and development investment needed to achieve a “one
size fits all” solution across our large installed systems base.
The division also offers a full line of instrumentation and
analytical products to analyze, measure and record industrial
and power processes.

78 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

The division’s product offerings for the pulp and paper
industries include quality control systems for pulp and
paper mills, control systems, drive systems, on-line sensors,
actuators and field instruments. On-line sensors measure
product properties, such as weight, thickness, color, bright-
ness, moisture content and additive content. Actuators
allow the customer to make automatic adjustments during
the production process to improve the quality and consistency
of the product. Field instruments measure properties of the
process, such as flow rate, chemical content and temperature.

We offer our customers in the metals, cement and mining
industries specialized products and services, as well as
total production systems. We design, plan, engineer, supply,
erect and commission electric equipment, drives, motors
and equipment for automation and supervisory control within
a variety of areas including mining, mineral handling, aluminum
smelting, hot and cold steel applications and cement pro-
duction.

In the oil and gas sector, we provide solutions for onshore
and offshore production and exploration, refining, and petro-
chemical processes, and oil and gas transportation and
distribution. In the pharmaceuticals and fine chemicals areas,
we offer applications to support manufacturing, packaging,
quality control and compliance with regulatory agencies.

In the marine industry, we provide global shipbuilders with
power and automation technologies for luxury cruise liners,
ferries, tankers, offshore oil rigs and special purpose vessels.
We design, engineer, build, supply and commission electrical
and automation systems for marine power generation, power
distribution and diesel electric propulsion, as well as turbo-
chargers to improve efficiency for diesel and gasoline engines.

We also offer a complete range of lifecycle services
across all of our customer segments to help customers opti-
mize their assets. Demand for our process automation
services is increasing as our customers seek to increase pro-
ductivity by improving the performance of existing equip-
ment.

Customers

The Process Automation division’s end customers are primar-
ily companies in the oil and gas, minerals and mining, metals,
pulp and paper, chemicals and pharmaceuticals, and the
marine industries. Customers for this division are looking for
complete instrumentation, automation and electrification
solutions which demonstrate value mainly in the areas of lower
capital costs, increased plant availability, lower lifecycle
costs and reduced project costs.

Sales and Marketing

The Process Automation division uses a direct sales force

as well as third-party channel partners, such as distributors,
system integrators and OEMs. For the division as a whole,
the majority of revenues are derived through the division’s own
direct sales channels.


--- Page 6 ---

Competition

The Process Automation division’s principal competitors

vary by industry or product line. Competitors include Emerson,
Honeywell, Metso Automation, Rockwell Automation,
Schneider, Siemens, Voith, and Yokogawa Electric Corpo-
ration.

Capital Expenditures

The Process Automation division’s capital expenditures for
property, plant and equipment totaled $49 million in 2014,
compared to $68 million and $91 million in 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Principal investments in 2014 were in the
measurement products and turbocharging businesses. Geo-
graphically, in 2014, Europe represented 66 percent of
the capital expenditures, followed by the Americas (16 per-
cent), Asia (14 percent) and MEA (4 percent).

Power Products Division

Overview

The Power Products division primarily serves electric, gas
and water utilities as well as industrial and commercial
customers, with a vast portfolio of products and services
across a wide voltage range to facilitate power generation,
transmission and distribution. Direct sales account for a sig-
nificant part of the division’s total revenues, and external
channel partners, such as wholesalers, distributors and OEMs,
account for the rest. Key technologies include high- and
medium-voltage switchgear, circuit breakers for a range of
current ratings and voltage levels, power, distribution,
traction and other special transformers, as well as products
to help control and protect electrical networks. The division
had approximately 35,400 employees as of December 31,
2014, and generated $10.3 billion of revenues in 2014.

Products and Services

The Power Products division manufactures products that can
be placed in three broad categories: high-voltage products,
medium-voltage products and transformers. The division sells
directly to end customers and also through channels such

as distributors, wholesalers, installers and OEMs. Some of the
division’s products are also integrated into the turnkey offer-
ings of systems divisions such as Power Systems and Process
Automation or sold through engineering, procurement and
construction (EPC) firms.

The high-voltage products business supplies high-voltage
equipment, ranging from 50 to 1,200 kilovolts, mainly to
power transmission utilities and also serves industrial custom-
ers. This equipment primarily enables the transmission grid
to operate more reliably and efficiently with minimum environ-
mental impact. As part of its portfolio, this business designs
and manufactures a range of air-, gas-insulated and hybrid
switchgear, generator circuit breakers, capacitors, high-volt-
age circuit breakers, surge arresters, instrument transform-
ers, cable accessories and a variety of high-voltage compo-
nents. This is supported by a range of service solutions to
support the products throughout their life cycle.

The medium-voltage business offers products and servi-
ces that largely serve the power distribution sector, often
providing the link between high-voltage transmission systems
and low-voltage users. Medium-voltage products help utility
and industrial customers to improve power quality and control,
reduce outage time and enhance operational reliability
and efficiency. This business reaches customers directly and
through channels such as distributors and OEMs. Its com-
prehensive offering includes medium-voltage equipment (1 to
50 kilovolts), indoor and outdoor circuit breakers, reclosers,
fuses, contactors, relays, instrument transformers, sensors,
motor control centers, ring main units for primary and second-
ary distribution, as well as a range of air- and gas-insulated
switchgear. It also produces indoor and outdoor modular sys-
tems and other solutions to facilitate efficient and reliable
power distribution.

The transformers business of the division designs and
manufactures power transformers (72.5 to 1,200 kilovolts) for
utility and industrial customers that help to step up or step
down voltage levels and include special applications such as
high voltage direct current (HVDC) transformers or phase
shifters. This business also supplies transformer components
and insulation material, such as bushings and tap changers.

It also manufactures a wide range of distribution transformers
(up to 72.5 kilovolts) for use in the power distribution sector,
industrial facilities and commercial buildings. These transform-
ers are designed to step down electrical voltage bringing

it to consumption levels. They can be oil- or dry-type and,
although oil-type transformers are more commonly used,
demand for dry-type transformers is growing because they
minimize fire hazards and are well-suited for applications
such as office buildings, windmills, offshore drilling platforms,
marine vessels and large industrial plants. Another part of
the offering includes traction transformers for use in electric
locomotives, special application transformers, as well as

a wide range of service and retrofit solutions for utilities and
industry customers.

Customers

The Power Products division serves electric utilities, owners
and operators of power generating plants and power
transmission and distribution networks. It also serves indus-
tries across the spectrum. Customers include electric, gas,
water and other utilities, as well as industrial and commercial
customers.

Sales and Marketing

The Power Products division sells its products individually
and as part of wider solutions through our systems divisions.
Direct sales account for a significant part of the division’s
business and the rest are sold through external channel part-
ners, such as wholesalers, distributors, system integrators,
EPCs and OEMs. As the Power Products and Power Systems
divisions share many of the same customers and techno-
logies and are influenced by similar market drivers, they also
have a common front-end sales organization to maximize
market synergies and coverage across countries, regions,
and sectors for the entire power portfolio.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 79


--- Page 7 ---

Competition

On a global basis, the main competitors for the Power
Products division are Siemens, Alstom and Schneider. The
division also faces global competition in some product
categories from competitors in emerging markets. It also
competes in specific geographies with companies such as
Eaton Corporation, Hyundai, Hyosung, Crompton Greaves,
Larsen & Toubro and Bharat Heavy Electricals.

Capital Expenditures

The Power Products division’s capital expenditures for prop-
erty, plant and equipment totaled $220 million in 2014,
compared to $252 million and $259 million in 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Principal investments in 2014 related to
upgrades and expansion of existing facilities in Sweden, China,
United States, Germany and Czech Republic as well as a
new factory in Saudi Arabia. Geographically, in 2014, Europe
represented 58 percent of the division’s capital expenditures,
followed by the Americas (19 percent), Asia (17 percent) and
MEA (6 percent).

Power Systems Division

Overview

The Power Systems division serves public and private utili-
ties, as well as industrial and commercial customers with
solutions for power and water plants, grid integration and
automation as well as a complete range of systems and
services for the generation, transmission and distribution of
electricity. Turnkey solutions include power plant electrifi-
cation and automation, bulk power transmission, substations
and network management. The division had approximately
18,900 employees as of December 31, 2014, and generated
$7.0 billion of revenues in 2014.

Products and Services
The Power Systems division delivers solutions through four
businesses: Power Generation, Grid Systems, Substations
and Network Management. The scope of work in a typical
turnkey contract includes design, system engineering, sup-
ply, installation, commissioning and testing of the system. As
part of the business model, the Power Systems division
integrates products from both the Power Products division
and external suppliers, adding value through design, engi-
neering and project management to deliver turnkey solutions.
The Power Generation business is a leading provider
of integrated power and automation solutions for all types of
power generation plants, including coal, gas, combined-
cycle, waste-to-energy and a range of renewables including
hydro, solar, wind and biomass. With an extensive offering
that includes electrical balance of plant as well as instrumen-
tation and control systems, ABB technologies help optimize
performance, improve reliability, enhance efficiency and mini-
mize environmental impact throughout the plant life cycle.
The business also serves the water industry, including appli-
cations such as pumping stations and desalination plants.

80 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

As part of the Grid Systems business, ABB provides a
comprehensive offering of AC and DC transmission systems,
which help customers to reduce transmission losses, maxi-
mize efficiency and improve grid reliability. ABB pioneered
HVDC technology nearly 60 years ago. HVDC technology is
designed to reliably and efficiently transmit electrical power
over long distances via overhead lines and underground or
submarine cables with minimum losses. HVDC is also widely
used for grid interconnections. HVDC Light®, a more com-
pact form of ABB’s classic HVDC technology, is ideal for link-
ing offshore installations, such as wind farms or oil and gas
platforms, to mainland grids and for interconnections, often via
subsea links. The environmental benefits of HVDC Light®,
include neutral electromagnetic fields, oil-free cables and
compact converter stations.

ABB also offers a comprehensive range of land and sub-
marine cables through its Grid Systems business, as well
as accessories and services for a range of applications from
medium- to high-voltage AC and DC systems. The portfolio
includes high-performance XLPE (cross-linked polyethylene)
insulated cables for high efficiency transmission systems
at voltages up to 525 kilovolts. When it comes to transmission
grid solutions, ABB manufactures its own power semicon-
ductors, which is a key enabler for HVDC, flexible alternating
current transmission systems (FACTS) and other technolo-
gies, serving a range of sectors including transportation and
wind.

Substations are key installations in the power grid that
facilitate the efficient transmission and distribution of electric-
ity with minimal environmental impact. They perform the vital
function of monitoring and controlling power flows, feeding
power from generating stations into the grid and providing
the link between transmission and distribution networks as
well as end consumers. ABB has successfully delivered air-
and gas-insulated substations in all kinds of environments,
from deserts and mountains to offshore rigs and crowded
city centers. ABB’s substation offering spans a range of volt-
age levels up to 1,100 kilovolts, serving utility, industry and
commercial customers as well as sectors such as railways,
urban transportation and renewables.

FACTS technologies are also part of the Substations
business offering. FACTS solutions help improve power quality
and can significantly increase the capacity of existing AC
transmission systems, by as much as 50 percent, while main-
taining and improving system reliability. FACTS technologies
also boost transmission efficiency, relieve bottlenecks and can
be used for the safe integration of intermittent power sources,
such as wind and solar, into the grid. By enhancing the
capacity of existing transmission infrastructure, FACTS solu-
tions can alleviate the need for capital investment, reducing
the time, cost and environmental impact associated with the
construction of new generating facilities and transmission
lines. By improving efficiency, FACTS technologies help to
deliver more power to consumers, reducing the need for
more electricity generation, and improving power supply and
quality. ABB is a global leader in the growing field of FACTS,
and has delivered more than 800 such installations across the
world.


--- Page 8 ---

ABB’s Network Management business offers solutions to
help manage power networks. The offering covers network
management and utility communications solutions to monitor,
control, operate and protect power systems. These solutions
are designed to ensure the reliability of electricity supplies
and enable real-time management of power plants, transmis-
sion grids, distribution networks and energy trading markets.
The portfolio includes control and protection systems for
power generation, transmission and distribution, supervisory
control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems, as well as
software solutions for central electricity markets and mixed
utilities (electricity, district heating, gas and water). It also
encompasses the substation automation offering, compliant
with IEC 61850, the open communication standard, which
provides a common framework for substation control and
protection and facilitates interoperability across devices and
systems. The Network Management portfolio also covers
wireless and fixed communication systems for power, water
and gas utilities. It includes fiber optics, microwave radio and
power line applications for data networking and broadband
network management, as well as teleprotection and substation
communication networks and voice switching management
systems.

Network management systems are key smart-grid
enablers by providing automated power systems to incorpo-
rate and manage centralized and distributed power genera-
tion, intermittent sources of renewable energy, real-time pricing
and load-management data. The Ventyx and Mincom acqui-
sitions have made ABB a global leader in enterprise software
and services for essential industries such as energy, mining,
public infrastructure and transportation. These solutions bridge
the gap between information technologies (IT) and opera-
tional technologies (OT), enabling clients to make faster, better-
informed decisions in both daily operations and long-term
planning strategies. Some of the world’s largest private and
public enterprises rely on such solutions to minimize risk,
enhance operational and financial performance and execute
the right strategies for the future.

The Power Systems division also has a global footprint
and installed base that helps drive the service business.

The offering includes a range of services aimed at optimizing
operations and reducing maintenance requirements across
the value chain. These services range from support agreements
and retrofits to spare parts, asset health, management, data
analytics and training. The division also undertakes consulting
activities such as energy efficiency studies for power plants
and grids, analyses and design of new transmission and dis-
tribution systems as well as asset optimization based on
technical, regulatory, economic and environmental consider-
ations.

Customers

The Power Systems division’s principal customers include
public and private power generation utilities and companies,
transmission and distribution utilities, owners and operators
as well as industrial and commercial customers. Other cus-
tomers include gas and water utilities including multi-utilities,
which are involved in the transmission or distribution of
more than one commodity.

Sales and Marketing

The Power Systems division promotes its offering primarily
through a direct sales force of specialized sales engineering
teams. Some sales are also handled through third-party
channels, such as EPC firms, OEMs and system integrators.
As the Power Products and Power Systems divisions share
many of the same customers and technologies, and are influ-
enced by similar market drivers, they also have a common
front-end sales organization that helps maximize market syn-
ergies across countries and regions.

Competition

On a global basis, the Power Systems division faces compe-
tition mainly from Siemens and Alstom. Emerson, General
Electric, Prysmian and Nexans are additional competitors in
parts of the business. The division also sees emerging
competitors in specific regions. The breadth of its portfolio,
technology and innovation, a global footprint and a vast
installed base, enable the division to maintain its leading
position in the power sector.

Capital Expenditures

The Power Systems division’s capital expenditures for prop-
erty, plant and equipment totaled $92 million in 2014,
compared to $101 million and $194 million in 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Principal investments in 2014 were related

to capacity expansion as well as the replacement of existing
equipment, particularly in Sweden. Geographically, in 2014,
Europe represented 81 percent of the capital expenditures,
followed by the Americas (10 percent), Asia (7 percent) and
MEA (2 percent).

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other includes headquarters, central research
and development, our real estate activities, Group Treasury
Operations and other minor business activities.

Corporate headquarters and stewardship activities include
the operations of our corporate headquarters in Zurich,
Switzerland, as well as corporate-related activities in various
countries. These activities cover staff functions with group-
wide responsibilities, such as accounting and financial report-
ing, corporate finance and taxes, planning and controlling,
internal audit, legal and integrity, compliance, risk manage-
ment and insurance, corporate communications, information
systems, investor relations and human resources.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 81


--- Page 9 ---

Corporate research and development primarily covers
our research activities, as our development activities are
organized under the five business divisions. We have two
global research laboratories, one focused on power tech-
nologies and the other focused on automation technologies,
which both work on technologies relevant to the future of
our five business divisions. Each laboratory works on new and
emerging technologies and collaborates with universities
and other external partners to support our divisions in advanc-
ing relevant technologies and in developing cross-divisional
technology platforms. We have corporate research centers in
seven countries (the U.S., Sweden, Switzerland, Poland,
China, Germany and India).

Corporate and Other had approximately 2,000 employees
at December 31, 2014.

Capital expenditures

Total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets (excluding intangibles acquired
through business combinations) amounted to $1,026 million,
$1,106 million and $1,293 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. In 2014 and 2013, capital expenditures were
21 percent and 16 percent lower, respectively, than depre-
ciation and amortization while in 2012 capital expenditures
exceeded total depreciation and amortization expenses.
This change, commencing in 2013, is due partly to a reduc-
tion in capital expenditures but also due to an increase

in depreciation and amortization (including amortization of
intangible assets acquired in acquisitions).

Capital expenditures in 2014 remained at a significant level
in mature markets, reflecting the geographic distribution
of our existing production facilities. Capital expenditures in
Europe and North America in 2014 were driven primarily
by upgrades and maintenance of existing production facilities,
mainly in Sweden, the U.S., Germany and Switzerland.
Capital expenditures in emerging markets were lower in 2014
compared to 2013, with expenditures being highest in China,
Saudi Arabia, the Czech Republic and Poland. Capital expen-
ditures in emerging markets were made primarily to increase
production capacity by investment in new or expanded facili-
ties. The share of emerging markets capital expenditures
as a percentage of total capital expenditures in 2014, 2013
and 2012 was 29 percent, 33 percent and 31 percent,
respectively.

At December 31, 2014, construction in progress for
property, plant and equipment was $653 million, mainly in
Sweden, the U.S., Switzerland, Saudi Arabia and China,
while at December 31, 2013 and 2012, construction in prog-
ress for property, plant and equipment was $645 million
and $627 million, respectively, mainly in Sweden, the U.S.,
Switzerland, Germany and Brazil.

Our capital expenditures relate primarily to property,
plant and equipment. For 2015, we estimate the expenditures
for property, plant and equipment will be higher than our
annual depreciation charge.

82 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Supplies and raw materials

We purchase a variety of raw materials and products which
contain raw materials for use in our production and project
execution processes. The primary materials used in our prod-
ucts, by weight, are copper, aluminum, carbon steel, mineral
oil and various plastics. We also purchase a wide variety of
fabricated products and electronic components. We operate
a worldwide supply chain management network with
employees dedicated to this function in our businesses and
key countries. Our supply chain management network
consists of anumber of teams, each focusing on different
product categories. These category teams, on global, divisional
and/or regional level, take advantage of opportunities to
leverage the scale of ABB and to optimize the efficiency of our
supply networks, in a sustainable manner.

Our supply chain management organization's activities
have continued to expand in recent years, to:

- pool and leverage procurement of materials and services,

- provide transparency of ABB’s global spending through
a comprehensive performance and reporting system linked
to all of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems,

- strengthen ABB’s supply chain network by implementing
an effective product category management structure and
extensive competency-based training, and

- monitor and develop our supply base to ensure sustaina-
bility, both in terms of materials and processes used.

We buy many categories of products which contain steel,
copper, aluminum, crude oil and other commodities.
Continuing global economic growth in many emerging econo-
mies, coupled with the volatility in foreign currency exchange
rates, has led to significant fluctuations in these raw material
costs over the last few years. While we expect global com-
modity prices to remain highly volatile, some market volatility
will be offset through the use of long-term contracts and
global sourcing.

We seek to mitigate the majority of our exposure to
commodity price risk by entering into hedges. For example,
we manage copper and aluminum price risk using principally
swap contracts based on prices for these commodities
quoted on leading exchanges. ABB’s hedging policy is de-
signed to safeguard margins by minimizing price volatility
and providing a stable cost base during order execution. In
addition to using hedging to reduce our exposure to fluc-
tuations in raw materials prices, in some cases we can reduce
this risk by incorporating changes in raw materials prices into
the prices of our products (through price escalation clauses).

Overall, during 2014 supply chain management personnel
in our businesses, and in the countries in which we operate,
along with the global category teams, continued to focus on
value chain optimization efforts in all areas, while maintaining
and improving quality and delivery performance.

In August 2012, the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) issued its final rules regarding “Conflict
Minerals”, as required by section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. We initiated
conflict minerals processes in 2013 and we continue to work
with our suppliers and customers, to enable us to comply
with the rules and disclosure obligations. Further information


--- Page 10 ---

on ABB's Conflict Minerals policy and supplier require-
ments can be found under “Material Compliance” at
new.abb.com/about/supplying

Management overview

During 2014, we continued to deliver power and automation
solutions that help our utility, industry, and transport and
infrastructure customers meet the challenges and opportuni-
ties of a rapidly-changing world. These include significant
shifts in the electricity value chain, such as the growth in
renewable power generation. Wind and solar power sources are
often located far from the centers of power consumption,
and they often increase the number of feed-in points into a grid,
creating instability and increased grid complexity. Our high-
efficiency power transmission and intelligent grid solutions
help utilities address these challenges. For example, we

won large orders for HVDC power transmission in the United
Kingdom and Canada that will link remote renewable energy
sources to existing grids. An ABB substation using compact
gas-insulated switchgear will integrate power from a solar
park in Dubai into the local grid. We also signed a partnership
agreement with wind power company Vestas to deliver
affordable and clean wind-diesel micro-grid power systems
to remote communities in Africa.

Among the new opportunities facing our industrial cus-
tomers is the possibility to interconnect people, processes,
equipment and services, sometimes referred to as “Indus-
try 4.0” or “the Internet of Things”. This trend is having profound
impacts on many of our key end markets, such as oil and
gas, mining, discrete automation and building automation,
where the ability to monitor and control assets and pro-
cesses in real time and across large geographic spaces is
opening new opportunities to increase industrial productivity,
reduce environmental impacts and improve the quality of work
life for people. In 2014, we won an order from Brazilian mining
company Vale to install electrical and automation systems at
an iron ore mine to support their development of a sustain-
able “mine of the future” with truckless transport systems pow-
ered through intelligent digital substations. We were also
awarded a large contract from Statoil of Norway for telecom-
munications systems used to remotely monitor and control
offshore oil and gas platforms. We also continued to roll out
internet-based remote monitoring, preventive maintenance
and service solutions for robotics applications, power equip-
ment diagnostics and the control of underground mining
ventilation using mobile devices.

Market conditions were mixed in 2014.

Utility customers remained cautious in their capital
expenditures in the face of macroeconomic and policy uncer-
tainties, especially in Europe. Nevertheless, several large
power transmission projects were awarded during the year
and many utilities continued to invest in their power distribu-
tion activities.

Industrial demand varied by sector. Many industry cus-
tomers took a more cautious approach to large capital expen-
ditures in light of ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties.
However, operational spending to maintain and improve the
performance of existing assets remained generally stable.
Demand from the oil and gas sector remained steady as con-
tinuing high oil prices supported customer investments
through most of the year. The oil price declines seen late in
the year resulted in some uncertainty around short-term
capital investment trends, however. Mining and metals demand
remained at low levels, mainly the result of overcapacity in
the industry. General industry customers continued to invest
in automation solutions to improve efficiency and productivity.

In the transport and infrastructure sectors, marine demand
for specialty vessels continued to grow, mainly the result
of demand for oil and gas-related vessels, such as offshore
production vessels and liquefied natural gas ships. There
was also a steady demand for high efficiency electrical rail
equipment.

In this mixed environment, we combined our broad geo-
graphic and business scope with the successful execution
of profitable growth initiatives across the company to increase
orders received in every division except Low Voltage Prod-
ucts, where the disposal of businesses offset order increases
in most of the division’s other businesses. The Discrete Auto-
mation and Motion division achieved a record level of orders,
more than $10 billion, partly the result of growth initiatives
to sell packaged industrial solutions that combine, for example,
robots, motors and drives for packaging applications in
general industry. The Process Automation division tapped
growth opportunities in the marine, upstream oil and gas
and pulp and paper sectors, which more than offset lower
demand in mining. Low Voltage Products orders were sup-
ported by increased penetration of the U.S. market through
the distribution channels of the Thomas & Betts acquisition
it completed in 2012.

In 2014, we maintained the profitability of our Power Prod-
ucts division, despite the continued challenging market
environment, through successful cost savings and productivity
improvements as well as our ability to be more selective
in the orders we take, thanks to our broad product and geo-
graphic scope. Our Power Systems division experienced
continuing project execution issues which impacted profit-
ability in 2014. We therefore launched a “step change” pro-
gram to reduce the risk profile of the business and secure
higher and more consistent returns. Under the program,
we decided to discontinue our future participation in EPC
projects in the solar power generation sector. We are also
changing our business model in the offshore wind power
sector to reduce execution risks and we are adjusting
capacity in the business to reflect this repositioning. We
continue to focus the ongoing business on projects with
lower risk profiles and greater pull-through of our higher
value-added content. Our strong positions in fast-growing
emerging markets and selected mature markets, our flexible
global production base and technological leadership, as
well as the operational improvements we continue to make
in our businesses, also supported our business in 2014.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 83


--- Page 11 ---

Foremost among these improvements was the successful
reduction of costs to adapt to changing demand. Savings
in 2014 amounted to more than $1 billion and were principally
achieved by making better use of global sourcing opportuni-
ties and eliminating operational and process inefficiencies. We
expanded our cost savings efforts in 2014 to take greater
account of improvement opportunities in white-collar produc-
tivity, such as streamlining back-office and sales-support
activities.

Next Level strategy 2015-2020

In September 2014, ABB laid the foundations to take the
company to the next level, with a new strategy aimed at
accelerating sustainable value creation to deliver attractive
shareholder returns. The Next Level strategy is designed

to build on ABB's strong position in attractive markets. The
strategy builds on the three focus areas of profitable growth,
relentless execution and business-led collaboration.

To achieve the next level, ABB is targeting profitable
growth by shifting its center of gravity through strengthening
competitiveness, higher organic growth and lowering risk.
We intend to drive organic growth through the PIE concept
(penetration, innovation, expansion), further increase com-
petitiveness in areas such as technology, service and software,
and reduce intrinsic business risks by, for example, aligning
business models more closely with our core competencies.
Organic growth will be complemented by incremental
strategic acquisitions and partnerships.

Our second strategic focus area is relentless execution.
We have been successful in executing our programs to
reduce costs and improve customer service. We intend to
broaden those efforts by developing a leading operating
model across ABB, starting with the areas of white-collar
productivity, net working capital management, and quality.
For 2015, the completion of the Power Systems “step change”
program will remain a high priority. Major Group-wide
change management will be implemented through 1,000-day
programs that drive and coordinate change across all busi-
nesses and regions. The strategic objectives and targets have
been explicitly linked to a new performance management
and compensation model.

Our third focus area is aimed at simplifying how the
organization works together and at achieving a more market-
focused organization. To achieve this, as of January 1, 2015,
we have streamlined our regional organization — reducing the
number of regions from eight to three — with regional man-
agement on the Executive Committee to bring us closer to the
market. At the same time, roles and responsibilities have
been clarified - including giving global business lines undiluted
responsibility for their businesses — and processes put in
place to strengthen cross-business collaboration.

The Next Level strategy includes the following financial
targets: ABB expects to grow operational earnings per share
at a 10-15 percent compound annual growth rate and
deliver attractive cash return on invested capital in the mid-
teens over the period 2015-2020. It targets to grow revenues
on a like-for-like basis on average 4-7 percent per year over
six years, faster than forecasted GDP and market growth.
Over the same time period, ABB plans to steadily increase its

84. Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

profitability, measured in Operational EBITA, within a band-
width of 11-16 percent while targeting an average free cash
flow conversion rate above 90 percent. The new financial
targets took effect on January 1, 2015.

We have changed our profitability targets from Operational
EBITDA to Operational EBITA. This new measure includes
depreciation expense as well as amortization charges that
are not related to intangibles recorded in acquisitions
which were previously excluded under the Operational EBITDA
measure. This change ensures that the costs of capital
expenditures invested to drive organic growth will be reflected
in the profitability measure on which our businesses are
evaluated.

Outlook

The long-term demand outlook in our three major customer
sectors — utilities, industry, and transport and infrastructure —
remains clearly positive. Key drivers are the big shift in the
electricity value chain, industrial productivity improvements
and Industry 4.0, as well as rapid urbanization and the

need for energy efficiency in transport and infrastructure.

We are well-positioned to tap these opportunities for
long-term profitable growth, with our strong market presence,
broad geographic and business scope, technology leader-
ship and financial strength.

In the short term, macroeconomic and geopolitical devel-
opments are signaling a mixed picture with increased uncer-
tainty. Some macroeconomic signs in the U.S. remain positive
and growth in China is expected to continue. At the same
time, the market remains impacted by slow growth in Europe
and geopolitical tensions in various parts of the world.

Oil prices and foreign exchange effects

Current oil prices will influence customer operating and
capital expenditures along the oil and gas value chain, and
influence spending by many other of our customer seg-
ments and government spending in different ways. Govern-
ment spending on energy subsidies may be reallocated to
other infrastructure development and certain customer seg-
ments will benefit from lower energy costs. However, the
current oil price will have a dampening effect on the oil and
gas value chain, mainly in the upstream sector.

Currency volatility has increased over the last 12 months,
including the weakening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar
and Swiss franc. Changes in foreign exchange rates have two
effects on our financial results, translational and structural.
Translational impacts result from converting local-currency
financial information from ABB companies around the world
into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates for the purpose of
reporting results in U.S. dollars. If exchange rates stay
around the current levels, we expect a negative translation
effect in 2015.

Structural effects are related to the export of products
and services from one currency zone into another. Our
well-balanced local operations (including sourcing) in all key
markets mean these structural effects have a limited impact.
Further, our policy to actively hedge all significant foreign


--- Page 12 ---

exchange exposures means these effects are largely mitigated
in the short to medium term.

Application of critical
accounting policies

General

We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accor-
dance with U.S. GAAP and present these in U.S. dollars
unless otherwise stated.

The preparation of our financial statements requires us to
make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We
evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including, but
not limited to, those related to: gross profit margins on
long-term construction-type contracts; costs of product guar-
antees and warranties; provisions for bad debts; recover-
ability of inventories, investments, fixed assets, goodwill and
other intangible assets; the fair values of assets and liabilities
assumed in business combinations; income tax expenses
and provisions related to uncertain tax positions; pensions
and other postretirement benefit assumptions; and legal
and other contingencies. Where appropriate, we base our
estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the cir-
cumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
results may differ from our estimates and assumptions.

We deem an accounting policy to be critical if it requires
an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate
is made and if different estimates that reasonably could have
been used, or if changes in the accounting estimates that are
reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially
impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. We also deem
an accounting policy to be critical when the application of
such policy is essential to our ongoing operations. We believe
the following critical accounting policies require us to make
difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently
uncertain. These policies should be considered when reading
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Revenue recognition

We generally recognize revenues for the sale of goods when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability
is reasonably assured. With regards to the sale of products,
delivery is not considered to have occurred, and therefore no
revenues are recognized, until the customer has taken title

to the products and assumed the risks and rewards of own-
ership of the products specified in the purchase order or
sales agreement. Generally, the transfer of title and risks and

rewards of ownership are governed by the contractually-

defined shipping terms. We use various International Commer-

cial shipping terms (as promulgated by the International

Chamber of Commerce) such as Ex Works (EXW), Free Car-

rier (FCA) and Delivered Duty Paid (DDP). Subsequent to

delivery of the products, we generally have no further contrac-
tual performance obligations that would preclude revenue
recognition.

Revenues under long-term construction-type contracts
are generally recognized using the percentage-of-completion
method of accounting. We use the cost-to-cost method to
measure progress towards completion on contracts. Under
this method, progress of contracts is measured by actual
costs incurred in relation to management's best estimate of
total estimated costs, which are reviewed and updated
routinely for contracts in progress. The cumulative effect of
any change in estimate is recorded in the period in which
the change in estimate is determined.

The percentage-of-completion method of accounting
involves the use of assumptions and projections, principally
relating to future material, labor and project-related overhead
costs. As a consequence, there is a risk that total contract
costs will exceed those we originally estimated and the margin
will decrease or the long-term construction-type contract
may become unprofitable. This risk increases if the duration
of a contract increases because there is a higher probability
that the circumstances upon which we originally developed
estimates will change, resulting in increased costs that we
may not recover. Factors that could cause costs to increase
include:

- unanticipated technical problems with equipment supplied
or developed by us which may require us to incur additional
costs to remedy,

- changes in the cost of components, materials or labor,

- difficulties in obtaining required governmental permits or
approvals,

— project modifications creating unanticipated costs,

- suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to perform, and

- delays caused by unexpected conditions or events.

Changes in our initial assumptions, which we review on a
regular basis between balance sheet dates, may result in
revisions to estimated costs, current earnings and anticipated
earnings. We recognize these changes in the period in
which the changes in estimates are determined. By recogniz-
ing changes in estimates cumulatively, recorded revenue
and costs to date reflect the current estimates of the stage of
completion of each project. Additionally, losses on long-term
contracts are recognized in the period when they are identified
and are based upon the anticipated excess of contract costs
over the related contract revenues.

Short-term construction-type contracts, or long-term
construction-type contracts for which reasonably dependable
estimates cannot be made or for which inherent hazards
make estimates difficult, are accounted for under the com-
pleted-contract method. Revenues under the completed-
contract method are recognized upon substantial completion —
that is: acceptance by the customer, compliance with
performance specifications demonstrated in a factory accep-
tance test or similar event.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 85


--- Page 13 ---

For non construction-type contracts that contain custo-
mer acceptance provisions, revenue is deferred until
customer acceptance occurs or we have demonstrated the
customer-specified objective criteria have been met or the
contractual acceptance period has lapsed.

Revenues from service transactions are recognized as
services are performed. For long-term service contracts,
revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term
of the contract or, if the performance pattern is other than
straight-line, as the services are provided. Service revenues
reflect revenues earned from our activities in providing ser-
vices to customers primarily subsequent to the sale and deliv-
ery of a product or complete system. Such revenues consist
of maintenance-type contracts, field service activities that
include personnel and accompanying spare parts, and instal-
lation and commissioning of products as a stand-alone service
or as part of a service contract.

Revenues for software license fees are recognized when
persuasive evidence of a non-cancelable license agreement
exists, delivery has occurred, the license fee is fixed or deter-
minable, and collection is probable. In software arrange-
ments that include rights to multiple software products and/
or services, the total arrangement fee is allocated using
the residual method, under which revenue is allocated to the
undelivered elements based on vendor-specific objective
evidence (VSOE) of fair value of such undelivered elements
and the residual amounts of revenue are allocated to the
delivered elements. Elements included in multiple element
arrangements may consist of software licenses, maintenance
(which includes customer support services and unspecified
upgrades), hosting, and consulting services. VSOE is based
on the price generally charged when an element is sold
separately or, in the case of an element not yet sold separately,
the price established by authorized management, if it is
probable that the price, once established, will not change
once the element is sold separately. If VSOE does not exist
for an undelivered element, the total arrangement fee will be
recognized as revenue over the life of the contract or upon
delivery of the undelivered element.

We offer multiple element arrangements to meet our cus-
tomers’ needs. These arrangements may involve the delivery
of multiple products and/or performance of services (such as
installation and training) and the delivery and/or performance
may occur at different points in time or over different periods
of time. Deliverables of such multiple element arrangements
are evaluated to determine the unit of accounting and if certain
criteria are met, we allocate revenues to each unit of
accounting based on its relative selling price. A hierarchy of
selling prices is used to determine the selling price of
each specific deliverable that includes VSOE (if available), third-
party evidence (if VSOE is not available), or estimated selling
price if neither of the first two is available. The estimated sell-
ing price reflects our best estimate of what the selling prices
of elements would be if the elements were sold on a stand-
alone basis. Revenue is allocated between the elements of an
arrangement consideration at the inception of the arrange-
ment. Such arrangements generally include industry-specific
performance and termination provisions, such as in the event
of substantial delays or non-delivery.

Revenues are reported net of customer rebates and simi-
lar incentives. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority

86 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

that are directly imposed on revenue-producing transactions
between us and our customers, such as sales, use, value-
added and some excise taxes, are excluded from revenues.

These revenue recognition methods require the collect-
ability of the revenues recognized to be reasonably assured.
When recording the respective accounts receivable, allow-
ances are calculated to estimate those receivables that will
not be collected. These reserves assume a level of default
based on historical information, as well as knowledge about
specific invoices and customers. The risk remains that actual
defaults will vary in number and amount from those originally
estimated. As such, the amount of revenues recognized
might exceed or fall below the amount which will be col-
lected, resulting in a change in earnings in the future. The
risk of deterioration is likely to increase during periods of sig-
nificant negative industry, economic or political trends.

As a result of the above policies, judgment in the selection
and application of revenue recognition methods must be made.

Contingencies

As more fully described in “Note 15 Commitments and con-
tingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are
subject to proceedings, litigation or threatened litigation and
other claims and inquiries related to environmental, labor,
product, regulatory, tax (other than income tax) and other
matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any
adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as
potential ranges of probable losses. A determination of the
provision required, if any, for these contingencies is made
after analysis of each individual issue, often with assistance
from both internal and external legal counsel and technical
experts. The required amount of a provision for a contin-
gency of any type may change in the future due to new
developments in the particular matter, including changes in
the approach to its resolution.

We record provisions for our contingent obligations when
it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount can
be reasonably estimated. Any such provision is generally rec-
ognized on an undiscounted basis using our best estimate of
the amount of loss or at the lower end of an estimated range
when a single best estimate is not determinable. In some
cases, we may be able to recover a portion of the costs relat-
ing to these obligations from insurers or other third parties;
however, we record such amounts only when it is probable
that they will be collected.

We provide for anticipated costs for warranties when we
recognize revenues on the related products or contracts.
Warranty costs include calculated costs arising from imper-
fections in design, material and workmanship in our prod-
ucts. We generally make individual assessments on contracts
with risks resulting from order-specific conditions or guaran-
tees and assessments on an overall, statistical basis for simi-
lar products sold in larger quantities. There is a risk that
actual warranty costs may exceed the amounts provided for,
which would result in a deterioration of earnings in the future
when these actual costs are determined.

We may have legal obligations to perform environmental
clean-up activities related to land and buildings as a result of
the normal operations of our business. In some cases, the


--- Page 14 ---

timing or the method of settlement, or both are conditional
upon a future event that may or may not be within our con-
trol, but the underlying obligation itself is unconditional and
certain. We recognize a provision for these obligations when
it is probable that a liability for the clean-up activity has been
incurred and a reasonable estimate of its fair value can be
made. In some cases, we may be able to recover a portion of
the costs expected to be incurred to settle these matters.

An asset is recorded when it is probable that we will collect
such amounts. Provisions for environmental obligations are
not discounted to their present value when the timing of pay-
ments cannot be reasonably estimated.

Pension and other postretirement
benefits

As more fully described in “Note 17 Employee benefits” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements, we have a number of
defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans and
recognize an asset for a plan’s overfunded status or a liability
for a plan’s underfunded status in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. We measure such a plan’s assets and obligations
that determine its funded status as of the end of the year.

Significant differences between assumptions and actual
experience, or significant changes in assumptions, may
materially affect the pension obligations. The effects of actual
results differing from assumptions and the changing of
assumptions are included in net actuarial loss within “Accumu-
lated other comprehensive loss”.

We recognize actuarial gains and losses gradually over
time. Any cumulative unrecognized actuarial gain or loss that
exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the present value of
the projected benefit obligation (PBO) and the fair value of plan
assets is recognized in earnings over the expected average
remaining working lives of the employees participating in the
plan, or the expected average remaining lifetime of the inac-
tive plan participants if the plan is comprised of all or almost
all inactive participants. Otherwise, the actuarial gain or loss
is not recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements.

We use actuarial valuations to determine our pension and
postretirement benefit costs and credits. The amounts cal-
culated depend on a variety of key assumptions, including dis-
count rates, mortality rates and expected return on plan
assets. Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to consider current
market conditions in making these assumptions. In particular,
the discount rates are reviewed annually based on changes
in long-term, highly-rated corporate bond yields. Decreases
in the discount rates result in an increase in the PBO and in
pension costs. Conversely, an increase in the discount rates
results in a decrease in the PBO and in pension costs. The
mortality assumptions are reviewed annually by management.
Decreases in mortality rates result in an increase in the PBO
and in pension costs. Conversely, an increase in mortality
rates results in a decrease in the PBO and in pension costs.

Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.25 percent-
age-point decrease in the discount rate would have
increased the PBO related to our defined benefit pension plans
by $456 million, while a 0.25 percentage-point increase in
the discount rate would have decreased the PBO related to
our defined benefit pension plans by $431 million.

The expected return on plan assets is reviewed regularly
and considered for adjustment annually based upon the
target asset allocations and represents the long-term return
expected to be achieved. Decreases in the expected return
on plan assets result in an increase to pension costs. Holding
all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease
of 0.25 percentage-points in the expected long-term rate of
asset return would have decreased or increased, respec-
tively, the net periodic benefit cost in 2014 by $27 million.

The funded status, which can increase or decrease based
on the performance of the financial markets or changes in
our assumptions, does not represent a mandatory short-term
cash obligation. Instead, the funded status of a defined
benefit pension plan is the difference between the PBO and
the fair value of the plan assets. At December 31, 2014,
our defined benefit pension plans were $1,890 million under-
funded compared to an underfunding of $1,133 million at
December 31, 2013. Our other postretirement plans were
underfunded by $245 million and $236 million at December 31,
2014 and 2013, respectively.

We have multiple non-pension postretirement benefit
plans. Our health care plans are generally contributory with
participants’ contributions adjusted annually. For purposes
of estimating our health care costs, we have assumed health
care cost increases to be 8 percent per annum for 2015,
gradually declining to 5 percent per annum by 2028 and to
remain at that level thereafter.

Income taxes

In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are
required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. Tax expense from continuing operations
is reconciled from the weighted-average global tax rate
(rather than from the Swiss domestic statutory tax rate) as the
parent company of the ABB Group, ABB Ltd, is domiciled

in Switzerland. Income which has been generated in jurisdic-
tions outside of Switzerland (hereafter “foreign jurisdictions”)
and has already been subject to corporate income tax in
those foreign jurisdictions is, to a large extent, tax exempt in
Switzerland. Therefore, generally no or only limited Swiss
income tax has to be provided for on the repatriated earnings
of foreign subsidiaries. There is no requirement in Switzerland
for a parent company of a group to file a tax return of the
group determining domestic and foreign pre-tax income and
as our consolidated income from continuing operations

is predominantly earned outside of Switzerland, corporate
income tax in foreign jurisdictions largely determines our
global weighted-average tax rate.

We account for deferred taxes by using the asset and
liability method. Under this method, we determine deferred
tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences
between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets
and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are mea-
sured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected
to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.
We recognize a deferred tax asset when it is more likely than
not that the asset will be realized. We regularly review our
deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation
allowance based upon historical losses, projected future

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 87


--- Page 15 ---

taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of
existing temporary differences. To the extent we increase

or decrease this allowance in a period, we recognize the
change in the allowance within “Provision for taxes” in the
Consolidated Income Statements unless the change relates
to discontinued operations, in which case the change is
recorded in “Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net
of tax”. Unforeseen changes in tax rates and tax laws, as
well as differences in the projected taxable income as com-
pared to the actual taxable income, may affect these esti-
mates.

Certain countries levy withholding taxes, dividend distri-
bution taxes or additional corporate income taxes (hereafter
“withholding taxes”) on dividend distributions. Such taxes
cannot always be fully reclaimed by the shareholder, although
they have to be declared and withheld by the subsidiary.
Switzerland has concluded double taxation treaties with many
countries in which we operate. These treaties either eliminate
or reduce such withholding taxes on dividend distributions. It
is our policy to distribute retained earnings of subsidiaries,
insofar as such earnings are not permanently reinvested or no
other reasons exist that would prevent the subsidiary from
distributing them. No deferred tax liability is set up, if retained
earnings are considered as permanently reinvested, and
used for financing current operations as well as business
growth through working capital and capital expenditure in
those countries.

We operate in numerous tax jurisdictions and, as a result,
are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities. We provide
for tax contingencies whenever it is deemed more likely than
not that a tax asset has been impaired or a tax liability has
been incurred for events such as tax claims or changes in tax
laws. Contingency provisions are recorded based on the
technical merits of our filing position, considering the appli-
cable tax laws and Organisation for Economic Co-operation
and Development (OECD) guidelines and are based on our
evaluations of the facts and circumstances as of the end of
each reporting period. Changes in the facts and circum-
stances could result in a material change to the tax accruals.
Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable
and that appropriate tax reserves have been made, the final
determination of tax audits and any related litigation could
be different than that which is reflected in our income tax
provisions and accruals.

An estimated loss from a tax contingency must be
accrued as a charge to income if it is more likely than not
that a tax asset has been impaired or a tax liability has
been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably
estimated. We apply a two-step approach to recognize
and measure uncertainty in income taxes. The first step is to
evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if
the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely
than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any.
The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount which is more than 50 percent likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. The required amount of provisions
for contingencies of any type may change in the future due to
new developments.

88 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Business combinations

The amount of goodwill initially recognized in a business
combination is based on the excess of the purchase price of
the acquired company over the fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. The determination of these
fair values requires us to make significant estimates and
assumptions. For instance, when assumptions with respect
to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses
associated with an asset are used to determine its fair value,
but the actual timing and amount differ materially, the asset
could become impaired. In some cases, particularly for large
acquisitions, we may engage independent third-party apprais-
al firms to assist in determining the fair values.

Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets
include but are not limited to: future expected cash flows of
the acquired business, brand awareness, customer retention,
technology obsolescence and discount rates.

In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valua-
tion allowances assumed in connection with a business
combination are initially estimated at the acquisition date. We
reevaluate these items quarterly, based upon facts and
circumstances that existed at the acquisition date with any
adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded
to goodwill provided that we are within the twelve-month
measurement period. Subsequent to the measurement period
or our final determination of the tax allowance’s or contin-
gency’s estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to
these uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation
allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our
Consolidated Income Statements and could have a material
impact on our results of operations and financial position.
The fair values assigned to the intangible assets acquired are
described in “Note 3 Acquisitions and business divestments”
as well as “Note 11 Goodwill and other intangible assets”, to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

We review goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1,
or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the
carrying value may not be recoverable. We use either a quali-
tative or quantitative assessment method for each reporting
unit. The qualitative assessment involves determining, based
on an evaluation of qualitative factors, whether it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount. If, based on this qualitative assessment,

it is determined to be more likely than not that the reporting
unit’s fair value is less than its carrying value, the two-step
quantitative impairment test is performed. If we elect not to
perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit, then
we perform the two-step impairment test.

Our reporting units are the same as our business divisions
for Discrete Automation and Motion, Low Voltage Products,
Power Products and Power Systems. For the Process Auto-
mation division, we determined the reporting units to be one
level below the division, as the different products produced
or services provided by this division do not share sufficiently
similar economic characteristics to permit testing of goodwill
on a total division level.


--- Page 16 ---

When performing the qualitative assessment, we first
determine, for a reporting unit, factors which would affect
the fair value of the reporting unit including: (i) macroeconomic
conditions related to the business, (ii) industry and market
trends, and (iii) the overall future financial performance and
future opportunities in the markets in which the business
operates. We then consider how these factors would impact
the most recent quantitative analysis of the reporting unit’s
fair value. Key assumptions in determining the value of the
reporting unit include the projected level of business oper-
ations, the weighted-average cost of capital, the income tax
rate and the terminal growth rate.

lf, after performing the qualitative assessment, we con-
clude that events or circumstances have occurred which
would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or if
we have elected not to perform a qualitative assessment, the
two-step quantitative impairment test is performed. In
the first step, we calculate the fair value of the reporting unit
(using an income approach whereby the fair value is calcu-
lated based on the present value of future cash flows apply-
ing a discount rate that represents our weighted-average
cost of capital) and compare it to the reporting unit’s carrying
value. Where the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the
carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill
is not impaired and no further testing is performed. However,
if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting
unit is equal to or exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, we
would perform the second step of the impairment test. In the
second step, we would determine the implied fair value of
the reporting unit’s goodwill and compare it to the carrying
value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. If the carrying value
of a reporting unit’s goodwill were to exceed its implied fair
value, then we would record an impairment loss equal
to the difference. Any goodwill impairment losses would be
recorded as a separate line item in the income statement
in continuing operations, unless related to a discontinued oper-
ation, in which case the losses would be recorded in “Income
(loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax”.

In 2014, we performed the two-step quantitative impair-
ment test for all of our reporting units to reflect new
assumptions and forecasts resulting from our newly-devel-
oped strategic plan for the period 2015 to 2020. The quan-
titative test concluded that the estimated fair values for each
of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying
values by at least 60 percent and as no reporting unit hada
zero or negative carrying value, we concluded that none of
the reporting units was “at risk” of failing the goodwill impair-
ment test. Consequently, the second step of the impairment
test was not performed.

The projected future cash flows used in the fair value
calculation are based on approved business plans for the
reporting units which cover a period of six years plus a
calculated terminal value. The projected future cash flows
require significant judgments and estimates involving vari-
ables such as future sales volumes, sales prices, awards of
large orders, production and other operating costs, capital
expenditures, net working capital requirements and other
economic factors. The after-tax weighted-average cost of capi-
tal, currently 9 percent, is based on variables such as the
risk-free rate derived from the yield of 10-year U.S. treasury

bonds, as well as an ABB-specific risk premium. The terminal
value growth rate is assumed to be 1 percent. The mid-term
tax rate used in the test is currently 27 percent. We base our
fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reason-
able, but which are inherently uncertain. Consequently, actual
future results may differ from those estimates.

We assess the reasonableness of the fair value calcula-
tions of our reporting units by reconciling the sum of the fair
values for all our reporting units to our total market capitaliza-
tion. The assumptions used in the fair value calculation are
challenged each year (through the use of sensitivity analysis)
to determine the impact on the fair value of the reporting
units. Our sensitivity analysis in 2014 showed that, holding all
other assumptions constant, a 1 percentage-point increase
in the discount rate would have reduced the calculated fair
value by approximately 11.6 percent, while a 1 percentage-
point decrease in the terminal value growth rate would have
reduced the calculated fair value by approximately 7.3 percent.

In 2013, we performed a qualitative assessment for all of
our reporting units except for Power Systems where we
elected to perform a quantitative test. Based on the qualita-
tive assessments performed in 2013 and 2012 (when the
qualitative assessment covered all our reporting units), we
determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair
value was below the carrying value for these reporting units,
and as a result, concluded that it was not necessary to
perform the two-step quantitative impairment test.

The quantitative test for Power Systems was undertaken
in response to the low order intake in 2013. The calculated
fair value of the Power Systems reporting unit on October 1,
2013, exceeded the reporting unit’s carrying value by
more than 50 percent and as the carrying value was not zero
or negative, we concluded that Power Systems was not
“at risk” of failing the goodwill impairment test. Consequently,
the second step of the impairment test was not performed.

The projected future cash flows used in the fair value cal-
culation for Power Systems in 2013, were based on an
approved business plan for the reporting unit which covered
a period of four years plus a calculated terminal value.

The projected future cash flows required significant estimates
and judgments involving variables such as future sales vol-
umes, sales prices, awards of large orders, production and
other operating costs, capital expenditures, net working
capital requirements and other economic factors. The after-
tax weighted-average cost of capital used (9 percent) was
based on variables such as the risk-free rate derived from the
yield of 10-year U.S. treasury bonds, as well as an ABB-
specific risk premium. The terminal value growth rate was
assumed to be 1 percent. The mid-term tax rate used in

the test was 27 percent.

Intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability upon the
occurrence of certain triggering events (such as a decision
to divest a business or projected losses of an entity) or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We record
impairment charges in “Other income (expense), net”, in our
Consolidated Income Statements, unless they relate to a dis-
continued operation, in which case the charges are recorded
in “Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax”.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 89


--- Page 17 ---

New accounting
pronouncements

For a description of accounting changes and recent account-
ing pronouncements, including the expected dates of adop-
tion and estimated effects, if any, on our Consolidated Financial
Statements, see “Note 2 Significant accounting policies” to
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Research
and development

Each year, we invest significantly in research and development.
Our research and development focuses on developing and
commercializing the technologies of our businesses that are
of strategic importance to our future growth. In 2014, 2013
and 2012, we invested $1,499 million, $1,470 million and
$1,464 million, respectively, or approximately 3.8 percent,
3.5 percent and 3.7 percent, respectively, of our annual
consolidated revenues on research and development activi-
ties. We also had expenditures of $310 million, $274 million
and $282 million, respectively, or approximately 0.8 percent,
0.7 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively, of our annual
consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013 and 2012, on order-related
development activities. These are customer- and project-
specific development efforts that we undertake to develop or
adapt equipment and systems to the unique needs of

our customers in connection with specific orders or projects.
Order-related development amounts are initially recorded

in inventories as part of the work in process of a contract and
then are reflected in cost of sales at the time revenue is rec-
ognized in accordance with our accounting policies.

In addition to continuous product development, and order-
related engineering work, we develop platforms for tech-
nology applications in our automation and power businesses
in our research and development laboratories, which operate
on a global basis. Through active management of our invest-
ment in research and development, we seek to maintain
a balance between short-term and long-term research and
development programs and optimize our return on invest-
ment.

Our research and development strategy focuses on three
objectives: (i) to monitor and develop emerging technologies
and create an innovative, sustainable technology base for ABB,
(ii) to develop technology platforms that enable efficient
product design for our power and automation customers, and
(iii) to create the next generation of power and automation
products and systems that we believe will be the engines of
profitable growth.

Universities are incubators of future technology, and
acentral task of our research and development team is to
transform university research into industry-ready technol-
ogy platforms. We collaborate with a number of universities
and research institutions to build research networks and
foster new technologies. We believe these collaborations
shorten the amount of time required to turn basic ideas into

90 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

viable products, and they additionally help us recruit and
train new personnel. We have built numerous university part-
nerships in the U.S., Europe and Asia, including long-term,
strategic relationships with the Carnegie Mellon University,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, North Carolina State
University, ETH Zurich, EPFL Lausanne, University of Zurich,
Chalmers Technical University Gothenburg, Royal Institute
of Technology (KTH) Stockholm, TU Dresden, TU Delft,
Cambridge University and Imperial College London. Our col-
laborative projects include research on materials, sensors,
micro-engineered mechanical systems, robotics, controls, man-
ufacturing, distributed power and communication. Common
platforms for power and automation technologies are devel-
oped around advanced materials, efficient manufacturing,
information technology and data communication, as well as
sensor and actuator technology.

Common applications of basic power and automation
technologies can also be found in power electronics, electrical
insulation, and control and optimization. Our power techn-
ologies, including our insulation technologies, current interrup-
tion and limitation devices, power electronics, flow control
and power protection processes, apply as much to large, reli-
able, blackout-free transmission systems as they do to
everyday household needs. Our automation technologies,
including our control and optimization processes, power
electronics, sensors and microelectronics, mechatronics and
wireless communication processes, are designed to improve
efficiency in plants and factories around the world, including
our own.

Acquisitions
and divestments

Acquisitions

During 2014, 2013 and 2012, ABB paid $58 million, $897 mil-
lion and $3,643 million to purchase six, seven and nine
businesses, respectively. The amounts exclude changes in
cost- and equity-accounted companies.

There were no significant acquisitions in 2014 or 2013;
the largest acquisition during this two-year period was
Power-One, acquired in July 2013.

The principal acquisition in 2012 was Thomas & Betts,
which was acquired in May 2012. Thomas & Betts designs,
manufactures and markets components used to manage
the connection, distribution, transmission and reliability of
electrical power in industrial, construction and utility appli-
cations. The complementary combination of Thomas & Betts’
electrical components and ABB’s low-voltage protection,
control and measurement products creates a broader low-
voltage portfolio (in our Low Voltage Products division)
that can be distributed through Thomas & Betts’ network of
more than 6,000 distributor locations and wholesalers in
North America, and through ABB’s well-established distribu-
tion channels in Europe and Asia.


--- Page 18 ---

Divestments

During 2014, ABB divested several businesses which were
primarily its Full Service business, the Meyer Steel Structures
business of Thomas & Betts, the heating, ventilation and
air conditioning (HVAC) business of Thomas & Betts and the
Power Solutions business of Power-One. Total cash pro-
ceeds from all business divestments during 2014 amounted
to $1,090 million, net of transaction costs and cash disposed.
There were no significant divestments in 2013 and 2012.
For more information on our divestments, see “Note 3
Acquisitions and business divestments” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Exchange rates

We report our financial results in U.S. dollars. Due to our
global operations, a significant amount of our revenues,
expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in other
currencies. As a consequence, movements in exchange
rates between currencies may affect: (i) our profitability, (ii)
the comparability of our results between periods, and (iii)
the reported carrying value of our assets and liabilities.

We translate non-USD denominated results of operations,
assets and liabilities to USD in our Consolidated Financial
Statements. Balance sheet items are translated to USD using
year-end currency exchange rates. Income statement
and cash flow items are translated to USD using the relevant
monthly average currency exchange rate.

Increases and decreases in the value of the USD against
other currencies will affect the reported results of operations
in our Consolidated Income Statements and the value of cer-
tain of our assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets, even if our results of operations or the value of those
assets and liabilities have not changed in their original cur-
rency. As foreign exchange rates impact our reported results
of operations and the reported value of our assets and lia-
bilities, changes in foreign exchange rates could significantly
affect the comparability of our reported results of opera-
tions between periods and result in significant changes to
the reported value of our assets, liabilities and stockholders’
equity.

While we operate globally and report our financial results
in USD, exchange rate movements between the USD and
both the EUR and the CHF are of particular importance to us
due to (i) the location of our significant operations and (ii)
our corporate headquarters being in Switzerland.

The exchange rates between the USD and the EUR and
the USD and the CHF at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012,
were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2014 2013 2012
EUR 1.00 1.22 1.38 1.32
CHF 1.00 1.01 1.12 1.09

The average exchange rates between the USD and the EUR
and the USD and the CHF for the years ended December 31,
2014, 2013 and 2012, were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2014 2013 2012
EUR 1.00 1.33 1.33 1.29
CHF 1.00 1.09 1.08 1.07

When we incur expenses that are not denominated in the
same currency as the related revenues, foreign exchange rate
fluctuations could affect our profitability. To mitigate the im-
pact of exchange rate movements on our profitability, it is our
policy to enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to
manage the foreign exchange transaction risk of our opera-
tions.

In 2014, approximately 81 percent of our consolidated
revenues were reported in currencies other than the USD.
The following percentages of consolidated revenues were
reported in the following currencies:

— Euro, approximately 20 percent,
- Chinese renminbi, approximately 11 percent, and
- Swedish krona, approximately 5 percent.

In 2014, approximately 79 percent of our cost of sales and
selling, general and administrative expenses were reported in
currencies other than the USD. The following percentages

of consolidated cost of sales and selling, general and admin-
istrative expenses were reported in the following currencies:
— Euro, approximately 19 percent,

- Chinese renminbi, approximately 10 percent,

- Swedish krona, approximately 5 percent, and

- Canadian dollar, approximately 5 percent.

We also incur expenses other than cost of sales and selling,
general and administrative expenses in various currencies.

The results of operations and financial position of many
of our subsidiaries outside of the United States are reported
in the currencies of the countries in which those subsidiaries
are located. We refer to these currencies as “local curren-
cies”. Local currency financial information is then translated
into USD at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

The discussion of our results of operations below
provides certain information with respect to orders, revenues,
income from operations and other measures as reported
in USD (as well as in local currencies). We measure period-to-
period variations in local currency results by using a con-
stant foreign exchange rate for all periods under comparison.
Differences in our results of operations in local currencies
as compared to our results of operations in USD are caused
exclusively by changes in currency exchange rates.

While we consider our results of operations as measured
in local currencies to be a significant indicator of business
performance, local currency information should not be relied
upon to the exclusion of U.S. GAAP financial measures.
Instead, local currencies reflect an additional measure of
comparability and provide a means of viewing aspects of
our operations that, when viewed together with the U.S. GAAP
results, provide a more complete understanding of factors
and trends affecting the business. As local currency informa-
tion is not standardized, it may not be possible to compare

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 91


--- Page 19 ---

our local currency information to other companies’ financial
measures that have the same or a similar title. We encourage
investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed
reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial
measure.

Transactions with affiliates
and associates

In the normal course of our business, we purchase products
from, sell products to and engage in other transactions

with entities in which we hold an equity interest. The amounts
involved in these transactions are not material to ABB Ltd.
Also, in the normal course of our business, we engage in trans-
actions with businesses that we have divested. We believe
that the terms of the transactions we conduct with these com-
panies are negotiated on an arm’s length basis.

Orders

Our policy is to book and report an order when a binding
contractual agreement has been concluded with a customer
covering, at a minimum, the price and scope of products or
services to be supplied, the delivery schedule and the payment
terms. The reported value of an order corresponds to the
undiscounted value of revenues that we expect to recognize
following delivery of the goods or services subject to the
order, less any trade discounts and excluding any value added
or sales tax. The value of orders received during a given
period of time represents the sum of the value of all orders
received during the period, adjusted to reflect the aggregate
value of any changes to the value of orders received during
the period and orders existing at the beginning of the period.
These adjustments, which may in the aggregate increase or
decrease the orders reported during the period, may include
changes in the estimated order price up to the date of
contractual performance, changes in the scope of products
or services ordered and cancellations of orders.

The undiscounted value of revenues we expect to gener-
ate from our orders at any point in time is represented by
our order backlog. Approximately 16 percent of the value of
total orders we recorded in 2014 were “large orders,” which
we define as orders from third parties involving a value of at
least $15 million for products or services. Approximately
43 percent of the total value of large orders in 2014 were
recorded by our Power Systems division and approximately
35 percent in our Process Automation division. The other
divisions accounted for the remainder of the total large orders
recorded during 2014. The remaining portion of total orders
recorded in 2014 was “base orders,” which we define as
orders from third parties with a value of less than $15 million
for products or services.

92. Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

The level of orders fluctuates from year to year. Portions
of our business involve orders for long-term projects that
can take months or years to complete and many large orders
result in revenues in periods after the order is booked. Con-
sequently, the level of large orders and orders generally can-
not be used to accurately predict future revenues or ope-
rating performance. Orders that have been placed can be
cancelled, delayed or modified by the customer. These
actions can reduce or delay any future revenues from the
order or may result in the elimination of the order.

Performance measures

We evaluate the performance of our divisions primarily based
on orders received, revenues and Operational EBITDA.

Operational EBITDA represents income from operations
excluding depreciation and amortization, restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses, gains and losses on sale of
businesses, acquisition-related expenses and certain non-
operational items, as well as foreign exchange/commodity
timing differences in income from operations consisting of: (i)
unrealized gains and losses on derivatives (foreign exchange,
commodities, embedded derivatives), (ii) realized gains and
losses on derivatives where the underlying hedged transaction
has not yet been realized, and (iii) unrealized foreign
exchange movements on receivables/payables (and related
assets/liabilities).

From 2015, performance of our divisions will be primarily
based on orders received, revenues and Operational EBITA.
Operational EBITA represents income from operations

excluding amortization of intangibles acquired in business
combinations, restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses, gains and losses on sale of businesses, acquisition-
related expenses and certain non-operational items, as well
as foreign exchange/commodity timing differences in income
from operations consisting of: (i) unrealized gains and losses
on derivatives (foreign exchange, commodities, embedded
derivatives), (ii) realized gains and losses on derivatives where
the underlying hedged transaction has not yet been realized,
and (iii) unrealized foreign exchange movements on receivables/
payables (and related assets/liabilities).

See “Note 23 Operating segment and geographic data”
to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a reconciliation
of the total consolidated Operational EBITDA to income from
continuing operations before taxes.


--- Page 20 ---

Analysis of results
of operations

Our consolidated results from operations were as follows:

($ in millions,

except per share data in $) 2014 2013 2012
Orders 41,615 38,896 40,232
Order backlog at December 31, 24,900 26,046 29,298
Revenues 39,830 41,848 39,336
Cost of sales (28,615) | (29,856) (27,958)
Gross profit 11,215 11,992 11,378
Selling, general and administrative

expenses (6,067) (6,094) (6,756)
Non-order related research and

development expenses (1,499) (1,470) (1,464)
Other income (expense), net 529 (41) (100)
Income from operations 4,178 4,387 4,058
Net interest and other finance

expense (282) (321) (220)
Provision for taxes (1,202) (1,122) (1,030)
Income from continuing opera-

tions, net of tax 2,694 2,944 2,808
Income (loss) from discontinued

operations, net of tax 24 (37) 4
Net income 2,718 2,907 2,812
Net income attributable to

noncontrolling interests (124) (120) (108)
Net income attributable to ABB 2,594 2,787 2,704
Amounts attributable to ABB

shareholders:

Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 2,570 2,824 2,700
Net income 2,594 2,787 2,704
Basic earnings per share attrib-

utable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 142 1.23 1.18
Net income 1413 1.21 1.18
Diluted earnings per share attrib-

utable to ABB shareholders:

Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 142 1.23 1.18
Net income 113 1.21 118

A more detailed discussion of the orders, revenues, Op-
erational EBITDA and income from operations for our divisions
follows in the sections of “Divisional analysis” below entitled
“Discrete Automation and Motion”, “Low Voltage Products”,
“Process Automation”, “Power Products”, “Power Systems”
and “Corporate and Other”. Orders and revenues of our di-
visions include interdivisional transactions which are elimi-
nated in the “Corporate and Other” line in the tables below.

Orders

% Change

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 | 2013
Discrete Automation

and Motion 10,559 9,771 9,625 8% 2%
Low Voltage Products 7,550} 7,696 6,720] (2)%| 15%
Process Automation 8,577| 8,000 8,704] 7%] (8)%
Power Products 10,764] 10,459 11,040] 3%] (6)%
Power Systems 6,871] 5,949 7,973| 15%} (25)%
Operating divisions 44,321 | 41,875 44,062] 6%| (5)%
Corporate and Other (2,806) | (2,979) (3,830) | na] na
Total 41,515 | 38,896 40,232 | 7%| (3)%

Includes interdivisional eliminations

In 2014, total order volume increased 7 percent (9 percent

in local currencies) and increased across all divisions except
Low Voltage Products. Orders increased primarily due to
higher large orders while base orders also increased. In the
automation divisions, orders were supported by customer
investments to improve operational efficiency and an increase
in the demand for services. In the power divisions, the key
demand drivers such as capacity expansion in emerging
markets, upgrading of aging infrastructure in mature markets
and the integration of renewable energy supplies into power
grids, remained intact.

In 2014, orders in the Discrete Automation and Motion
division grew 8 percent (10 percent in local currencies)
on higher orders in all businesses and supported by the
impact of including Power-One for the full year in 2014.
Orders decreased 2 percent in the Low Voltage Products
division (flat in local currencies) as the impacts of divesting
the HVAC and Steel Structures businesses offset the order
increases which were realized in most of the division’s
other businesses. Orders in the Process Automation division
increased 7 percent (10 percent in local currencies) on
significantly higher large orders in the marine sector compared
to the previous year. Orders increased 3 percent (5 percent
in local currencies) in the Power Products division, supported
by the industry sector and continued selective investments
in large transmission projects. In the Power Systems division,
orders grew 15 percent (20 percent in local currencies), driven
primarily by the receipt of several large orders.

During 2014, base orders grew 2 percent (4 percent in
local currencies) reflecting the global economic conditions
which showed positive trends but remained mixed in certain
markets. Following a weak large order intake in 2013, large
orders increased 45 percent (50 percent in local currencies)
in 2014. Successful sales efforts resulted in orders from the
2013 tender backlog successfully turning into orders in 2014.
This allowed large orders to grow significantly, particularly
in the Process Automation and Power Systems divisions.

In 2013, total order volume declined 3 percent (3 percent
in local currencies) as lower large orders were not offset by
base order growth. Orders were supported by our automation
divisions where customer investments to improve operational
efficiency and the demand for services increased during
the year. Despite strong project tendering activity, some cus-
tomers delayed order awards due to macroeconomic
uncertainties and this resulted in order declines in the power
divisions compared to 2012.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 93


--- Page 21 ---

Supported by growth in the second half of the year,
orders in the Discrete Automation and Motion division grew
2 percent (2 percent in local currencies) in 2013, as higher
orders in the Robotics business and the positive impact of
acquiring Power-One more than compensated the decreases
in the Motors and Generators business. Orders increased
15 percent (14 percent in local currencies) in the Low Voltage
Products division, due primarily to the impact of including
Thomas & Betts for the full year in 2013 (compared to approx-
imately seven months in 2012). In addition, orders in all
businesses in this division grew except the Low Voltage Sys-
tems business. Orders in the Process Automation division
decreased 8 percent (8 percent in local currencies) as stable
orders in the product businesses were more than offset by
the impact of lower large orders. Orders decreased 5 percent
(6 percent in local currencies) in the Power Products division,
mainly driven by lower transformer orders. Significantly lower
large orders led to a decline of 25 percent (25 percent in
local currencies) in orders in the Power Systems division as
customers postponed large investments and as a result
of our order selectivity and focus on higher-margin business
that is part of the division's strategic repositioning (announced
in December 2012).

During 2013, base orders grew 2 percent (2 percent in
local currencies) as the economic environment improved in the
second half of 2013. As fewer large orders from projects in
the Power Systems and Process Automation divisions were
received, large orders declined 31 percent (31 percent in
local currencies).

We determine the geographic distribution of our orders
based on the location of the customer, which may be differ-
ent from the ultimate destination of the products’ end use.
The geographic distribution of our consolidated orders was
as follows:

% Change
(8 in millions) 2014} 2013 2012 | 2014| 2013
Europe 14,246 | 13,334 13,512] 7%] (1)%
The Americas 11,957 | 11,365 12,152] 5%| (6)%
Asia 11,215 | 10,331 10,346] 9%. -
Middle East and Africa 4,097| 3,866 4,222| 6%| (8)%
Total 41,515 | 38,896 40,232| 7%| (3)%

Orders in 2014 grew in all regions on higher orders in both
power and automation. Orders in Europe increased 7 percent
(9 percent in local currencies) driven by increases in large
orders. Orders were higher in the United Kingdom, Sweden,
Finland, France, Switzerland, Spain and the Netherlands,
offsetting lower orders in Germany, Italy, Norway and Russia.
Orders increased 5 percent (9 percent in local currencies) in
the Americas on higher base and large orders in the U.S.,
Canada, Brazil and Argentina. In Asia, orders grew 9 percent
(11 percent in local currencies) on higher orders in China,
South Korea, India and Japan while orders were lower in Aus-
tralia. Orders increased in MEA by 6 percent (9 percent in
local currencies) supported by growth in Saudi Arabia while
orders decreased in the United Arab Emirates and South
Africa.

94 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Orders in 2013 declined 6 percent (5 percent in local
currencies) in the Americas, driven by lower orders in Brazil
and lower large orders in the power sector in the U.S. and
Canada. However, orders in the U.S. remained stable as base
order growth (due primarily to the impact of including Thomas
& Betts for the full year in 2013) compensated lower large
power orders. In Asia, orders remained unchanged (increased
1 percent in local currencies) as growth in the automation
divisions was offset by lower orders in the power businesses,
primarily in India and Australia. China returned to growth
as most divisions received higher orders than in the previous
year from that country. Europe declined 1 percent (decrease
of 3 percent in local currencies), as a moderate increase in
the industrial sectors was offset by lower orders in the power
divisions. Order growth in Germany, France and Spain
mostly compensated declines in Italy, the United Kingdom,
Russia as well as in most Nordic countries. Orders decreased
in MEA by 8 percent (7 percent in local currencies) as large
orders received in Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates could
not offset lower large orders from the power sector in Saudi
Arabia and Iraq, as well as from the oil and gas sector in
Oman.

Order backlog

December 31, ] % Change

(¢ in millions) 2014| 2013 2012 | 2014| 2013
Discrete Automation

and Motion 4,385| 4,351 4,426] 1%] (2%
Low Voltage Products got} 1,057 1,117 | (16)% | (6)%
Process Automation 5,661] 5,772 6,416 | (2)%| (10)%
Power Products 7,791| 7,946 8,493| (2)%| (6)%
Power Systems 8,246 | 9,435 12,107 | (13)% | (22)%
Operating divisions 26,974 | 28,561 32,559 | (6)% | (12)%
Corporate and Other”) (2,074) | (2,515) (3,261)] na} na.
Total 24,900 | 26,046 29,298 | (4)% | (11)%

"Includes interdivisional eliminations

In 2014, consolidated order backlog decreased 4 percent
(increased 5 percent in local currencies). Order backlog in all
divisions reflected the effects of significant foreign currency
changes as the U.S. dollar strengthened during 2014 against
substantially all currencies. In the Discrete Automation and
Motion, Process Automation and Power Products divisions,
order backlog increased in local currencies as a result of
growth in global industrial demand. Order backlog in the Pro-
cess Automation division also increased due to large orders
received in the marine and oil and gas sectors. Order back-
log in the Low Voltage Products division decreased in local
currencies due to divestments during 2014. Order backlog in
the Power Systems division decreased 4 percent in local
currencies as the impacts of higher large orders during 2014
were more than offset by the impacts of the run off of the
order backlog in the businesses affected by the Power Sys-
tems repositioning announced in 2012 and the exit from

the solar EPC business announced in 2014.


--- Page 22 ---

In 2013, consolidated order backlog declined 11 percent
(10 percent in local currencies) with decreases in all divisions
but primarily decreases in the Power Systems and Process
Automation divisions. The decrease in the Power Systems
division was due mainly to customers postponing invest-
ments, resulting in delays in the award of large orders, as well
as reduced order intake resulting from the division's increased
project selectivity, as part of the division’s repositioning
announced in December 2012. Order backlog in the Process
Automation division decreased primarily due to a reduction in
large orders received in the industrial sector. Despite an im-
provement of the macroeconomic environment in the second
half of the year, order backlog in the Low Voltage Products
division as well as in the Discrete Automation and Motion divi-
sion was below the respective levels at the end of 2012.

Revenues
% Change

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 | 2013
Discrete Automation

and Motion 10,142 9,915 9,405 2% 5%
Low Voltage Products 7,532 7,729 6,638 (3)% 16%
Process Automation 7,948 | 8,497 8,156 | (6)% 4%
Power Products 10,333 11,032 10,717 (6)% 3%
Power Systems 7,020] 8,375 7,852 | (16)% 7%
Operating divisions 42,975 | 45,548 42,768 | (6)% 7%
Corporate and Other"? (3,145) | (3,700) (8,432) | na. na.
Total 39,830 | 41,848 39,336 | (5)% 6%

"Includes interdivisional eliminations

Revenues in 2014 decreased 5 percent (2 percent in local
currencies) due primarily to the impacts of the lower opening
order backlog in the Power Systems and Process Automation
divisions compared to the beginning of 2013 and the impacts
of business divestments.

On a divisional basis, revenues grew 2 percent (4 percent
in local currencies) in the Discrete Automation and Motion
division, supported by growth in the Robotics business and
also due to the impact of including Power-One for the full
year in 2014. In the Low Voltage Products division, revenues
decreased 3 percent (flat in local currencies) as steady to
higher revenues in most businesses were offset by decreases
in revenues resulting from divestments. Revenues in the Pro-
cess Automation division decreased 6 percent (4 percent in
local currencies) due to the effects of the lower opening order
backlog, primarily in the systems businesses and were also
impacted by the exit from a large service contract in the fourth
quarter of 2013. Revenues in the Power Products division
decreased 6 percent (4 percent in local currencies) mainly
reflecting the low opening order backlog. In the Power Sys-
tems division, revenues decreased 16 percent (13 percent in
local currencies) due to the lower opening order backlog in
all businesses.

Revenues in 2013 increased 6 percent (7 percent in local
currencies) due primarily to execution from prior year’s high
order backlog and due to the impact of including Thomas &
Betts for the full year in 2013.

Revenues in 2013 rose 5 percent (5 percent in local
currencies) in the Discrete Automation and Motion division as
the Robotics business grew for the fourth consecutive year.
In the Low Voltage Products division, revenues grew 16 per-
cent (16 percent in local currencies) as most businesses
recorded higher revenues, and due to the impact of including
Thomas & Betts for the full year in 2013. Revenues in the
Process Automation division were 4 percent higher (5 percent
in local currencies) in 2013, supported by the execution of
orders from the 2012 order backlog, especially in the marine,
mining, and oil and gas sectors. Revenues in the Power
Products division increased 3 percent (3 percent in local
currencies), as all businesses reported higher revenues,
assisted by strong order execution from the 2012 order
backlog. In the Power Systems division, revenues increased
7 percent (8 percent in local currencies) on execution from
the 2012 order backlog, led by the Power Generation and Grid
Systems businesses.

We determine the geographic distribution of our revenues
based on the location of the customer, which may be different
from the ultimate destination of the products’ end use. The
geographic distribution of our consolidated revenues was as
follows:

% Change
(8 in millions) 2014| 2013 2012| 2014| 2013
Europe 13,674| 14,385 14,073] (6)%| 2%
The Americas 11,482 | 12,115 10,699] (6)%| 13%
Asia 10,874| 11,230 10,750] (3)%| 4%
Middle East and Africa 3,800] 4118 3,814] (8)%| 8%
Total 39,830 | 41,848 39,336 | (5)%| 6%

In 2014, revenues declined in all regions. In Europe, revenues
decreased 5 percent (3 percent in local currencies) as
revenue increases in Norway, the United Kingdom, France,
Switzerland and Spain were more than offset by revenue
declines in Germany, Italy, Sweden, Finland, Russia and the
Netherlands. Revenues from the Americas declined 5 per-
cent (2 percent in local currencies). Revenues were steady in
the U.S. and included the impacts of including Power-One

for a full year in 2014 while revenues declined in Canada and
Brazil. Revenues from Asia decreased 3 percent (1 percent
in local currencies) as revenues were flat in China while
decreases were realized in India, South Korea and Australia.
Revenues in MEA declined 8 percent (6 percent in local cur-
rencies) as a result of lower revenues in Saudi Arabia and
South Africa in the power divisions while revenues increased
in the United Arab Emirates.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 95


--- Page 23 ---

In 2013, revenues in Europe increased 2 percent (flat in
local currencies) with higher revenues in all divisions except
Power Systems. Revenue increases in Sweden, Norway, the
United Kingdom, Finland, France and the Netherlands more
than offset revenue declines in Germany, Italy, Switzerland
and Spain. Revenues from the Americas increased 13 percent
(15 percent in local currencies) with higher revenues in all five
divisions, and from the impact of including Thomas & Betts
for the full year in 2013. Revenues increased at a double-digit
rate in the U.S., Canada and Brazil, the main markets in this
region. Revenues from Asia increased 4 percent (6 percent in
local currencies) with stable or higher revenues in all divisions
except Power Products. The revenue increase in Asia was
due to higher revenues from the Low Voltage Products division,
as well as the successful execution, in the Process Auto-
mation division, of marine orders for the oil and gas sector in
China and South Korea. In India revenues grew moderately.
Revenues in MEA grew by 8 percent (11 percent in local cur-
rencies) primarily from increases in the Power Products
division, while revenues from the oil and gas sector declined.
Saudi Arabia, South Africa and Iraq recorded significant
revenue increases.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales consists primarily of labor, raw materials and
component costs but also includes indirect production costs,
expenses for warranties, contract and project charges, as
well as order-related development expenses incurred in con-
nection with projects for which corresponding revenues
have been recognized.

In 2014, cost of sales decreased 4 percent (1 percent in
local currencies) to $28,615 million. As a percentage of
revenues, cost of sales increased from 71.3 percent in 2013
to 71.8 percent in 2014. Cost of sales as a percentage of
revenues decreased in most divisions as benefits from cost
savings more than offset the impacts from price pressures
in certain markets. However, the consolidated cost of sales
as a percentage of revenues was higher due to high project-
related costs in the Power Systems division and the dilutive
impact on margins from the Power-One acquisition in the
Discrete Automation and Motion division.

In 2013, cost of sales increased 7 percent (8 percent in
local currencies) to $29,856 million. As a percentage of
revenues, cost of sales increased from 71.1 percent in 2012
to 71.3 percent in 2013. Despite margin improvements in
the Low Voltage Products division, cost of sales as a percent-
age of revenues increased due to a negative business mix
and margin reductions on the execution of lower margin orders
from the backlog in the Power Products division. Further-
more, additional negative impacts from project-related charges
in the Power Systems division were recorded. Cost of sales
as a percentage of service revenues decreased due to produc-
tivity gains and a positive business mix.

96 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Selling, general and administrative
expenses

The components of selling, general and administrative
expenses were as follows:

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Selling expenses 4,054 4,071 3,862
Selling expenses as a percentage

of orders received 9.8% 10.5% 9.6%
General and administrative

expenses 2,013 2,023 1,894
General and administrative

expenses as a percentage of

revenues 5.1% 4.8% 4.8%
Total selling, general and

administrative expenses 6,067 6,094 5,756
Total selling, general and

administrative expenses as

a percentage of revenues 15.2% 14.6% 14.6%
Total selling, general and

administrative expenses as a

percentage of the average

of orders received and revenues 14.9% 15.1% 14.5%

In 2014, general and administrative expenses remained stable
compared to 2013 (increased 2 percent in local currencies).
As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative ex-
penses increased from 4.8 percent to 5.1 percent mainly
due to the impact of lower revenues.

In 2013, general and administrative expenses increased
7 percent (7 percent in local currencies) driven partly by the
incremental costs of newly-acquired companies and invest-
ment in information technology infrastructure. However,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of rev-
enues, remained unchanged.

In 2014, selling expenses remained stable compared to
2013 (increased 2 percent in local currencies). Selling ex-
penses as a percentage of orders received decreased from
10.5 percent to 9.8 percent mainly due to the impact of
higher orders received.

In 2013, selling expenses increased 5 percent (5 percent
in local currencies) mainly due to the increase in the num-
ber of sales-related employees added in certain key markets.

In 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses
remained stable compared to 2013 (increased 2 percent in
local currencies) and as a percentage of the average of
orders and revenues, selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased from 15.1 percent to 14.9 percent
as the impact of lower revenues was more than offset by
the impact of higher orders.

In 2013, selling, general and administrative expenses
increased 6 percent (6 percent in local currencies). As a per-
centage of the average of orders and revenues, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased 0.6 percent-
age-points to 15.1 percent, primarily due to the decrease
in orders received and increased selling expenses (explained
above).


--- Page 24 ---

Non-order related research and
development expenses

In 2014, non-order related research and development ex-
penses increased 2 percent compared to 2013 (4 percent in
local currencies).
In 2013, non-order related research and development
expenses remained flat (declined 1 percent in local currencies).
Non-order related research and development expenses
as a percentage of revenues increased to 3.8 percent in 2014,
after decreasing to 3.5 percent in 2013 from 3.7 percent
in 2012.

Other income (expense), net

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expensest’ (37) (45) (4)
Net gain from sale of property,

plant and equipment 7 18 26
Asset impairments (34) (29) (111)
Net gain (loss) from sale

of businesses 543 (16) 2)
Income from equity-accounted

companies and other income

(expense) 40 31 a
Total 529 (41) (100)

" Excluding asset impairments

“Other income (expense), net” primarily includes certain
restructuring and restructuring-related expenses, gains and
losses from sale of businesses and sale of property, plant
and equipment, recognized asset impairments, as well as
our share of income or loss from equity-accounted com-
panies. “Other income (expense), net” was an income of
$529 million in 2014, compared with an expense of $41 mil-
lion in 2013, mostly due to the impact of the net gains re-
corded in 2014 from the sale of HVAC, Power Solutions,
Steel Structures and Full Service businesses.

In 2013, “Other income (expense), net” decreased to an
expense of $41 million from $100 million in 2012, mostly
due to the impact in 2012 of $87 million of impairments rec-
ognized for certain equity-method investments.

Income from operations

% Change”

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 2013
Discrete Automation

and Motion 1,422| 1,458 1,469] (2)%| (1)%
Low Voltage Products 1,475| 1,092  856| 35%] 28%
Process Automation 1,003 990 912} 1% | 9%
Power Products 4,204} 1,331 1,328 | (10)% -
Power Systems (360) 171 7} na] na
Operating divisions 4,744 | 5,042 4,572 | (6)%| 10%
Corporate and Other (69)| (650) 624] nal na
Intersegment elimination 3 ©) 10] na} na
Total 4,178 | 4,387 4,058 | (5)%| 8%

Certain percentages are stated as n.a. as the computed change would not
be meaningful

In 2014 and 2013, changes in income from operations were
a result of the factors discussed above and in the divisional
analysis below.

Net interest and other finance expense

Net interest and other finance expense consists of “Interest
and dividend income” offset by “Interest and other finance
expense”.

“Interest and other finance expense” includes interest
expense on our debt, the amortization of upfront transaction
costs associated with long-term debt and committed credit
facilities, commitment fees on credit facilities, foreign
exchange gains and losses on financial items and gains and
losses on marketable securities.

(8 in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Interest and dividend income 80 69 73
Interest and other finance expense (362) (390) (293)
Net interest and other finance

expense (282) (321) (220)

In 2014, “Interest and other finance expense” decreased
compared to 2013, mainly resulting from (i) the maturity of

a bond in June 2018 and (ii) the reduction in interest expense
resulting from an additional interest rate swap entered into
during 2014 - see “Note 12 Debt” to our Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements.

In 2013, “Interest and other finance expense” increased
compared to 2012, mainly resulting from (i) the increase in
interest expense, as bonds issued in 2012 were outstanding
for a full year in 2018, and (ii) interest expense in 2012
included a release of provisions for expected interest due on
certain income tax obligations, primarily due to the favor-
able resolution of a tax dispute - see “Note 16 Taxes” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 97


--- Page 25 ---

Provision for taxes

(8 in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Income from continuing operations

before taxes 3,896 4,066 3,838
Provision for taxes (1,202) (1,122) (1,080)
Effective tax rate for the year 30.9% 27.6% 26.8%

In 2014, the tax rate of 30.9% included the effects of taxes
on net gains on sale of businesses. Included in the provision
for taxes of $1,202 million were taxes of $279 million relating
to $543 million of gains on sale of businesses. These divest-
ment transactions increased the effective tax rate as gains
were realized primarily in higher-tax jurisdictions and the good-
will allocated to the divested businesses was not deductible
for tax purposes. Excluding the effects of these divestment
transactions, the effective tax rate for 2014 would have

been 27.5%.

The provision for taxes in 2014 included a net increase of
valuation allowance on deferred taxes of $52 million, as we
determined it was not more likely than not that such deferred
tax assets would be realized. This amount included an
expense of $31 million related to certain of our operations in
South America.

The provision for taxes in 2013 included a net increase in
valuation allowance on deferred taxes of $31 million, as we
determined it was not more likely than not that such deferred
tax assets would be realized. This amount included an
expense of $104 million related to certain of our operations in
Central Europe and South America. It also included a benefit
of $42 million related to certain of our operations in Central
Europe.

The provision for taxes in 2012 included a net increase in
valuation allowance on deferred taxes of $44 million, as we
determined it was not more likely than not that such deferred
tax assets would be realized. This amount included $36 million
related to certain of our operations in Central Europe.

The provision for taxes in 2014, 2013 and 2012, also
included tax credits, arising in foreign jurisdictions, for
which the technical merits did not allow a benefit to be taken.

Income from continuing operations,
net of tax

As a result of the factors discussed above, income from
continuing operations, net of tax, decreased $250 million

to $2,694 million in 2014 compared to 2013, and increased
$136 million to $2,944 million in 2013 compared to 2012.

98 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Income (loss) from discontinued
operations, net of tax

The loss (net of tax) from discontinued operations for 2013
related primarily to provisions for certain environmental

obligations. The income from discontinued operations, net of
tax, for 2014 and 2012 was not significant.

Net income attributable to ABB

As a result of the factors discussed above, net income
attributable to ABB decreased $193 million to $2,594 million
in 2014 compared to 2013, and increased $83 million to
$2,787 million in 2013 compared to 2012.

Earnings per share attributable
to ABB shareholders

(in $) 2014 2013 2012
Income from continuing
operations, net of tax:
Basic 112 1.23 118
Diluted 112 1.23 118
Net income attributable to ABB:
Basic 143 1.24 1418
Diluted 1413 1.21 118

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing income by
the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during
the year. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing
income by the weighted-average number of shares out-
standing during the year, assuming that all potentially dilutive
securities were exercised, if dilutive. Potentially dilutive secu-
rities comprise: outstanding written call options and outstand-
ing options and shares granted subject to certain conditions
under our share-based payment arrangements. See “Note 20
Earnings per share” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Divisional analysis

Discrete Automation and Motion
The financial results of our Discrete Automation and Motion
division were as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2014} 2013 2012| 2014| 2013
Orders 10,559 9,771 9,625 8% 2%
Order backlog at Dec. 31, 4,385 4,351 4,426 1% (2)%
Revenues 10,142 9,915 9,405 2% 5%
Income from operations 1,422] 1,458 1,469] (2)%| (1)%
Operational EBITDA 1,760 1,783 1,735 | (1)% 3%



--- Page 26 ---

Orders
Orders in 2014 increased 8 percent (10 percent in local cur-
rencies) as orders were higher in all businesses. Order
increases in the Power Conversion business were driven by
strong rail orders and the inclusion of Power-One for a full
year in 2014 compared to 5 months in 2013. Orders grew in
the Robotics business as demand increased from general
industry while large order demand from the automotive sector
was lower. Orders in the Drives and Controls and the Motors
and Generators businesses increased due to higher service
orders as well as the receipt of large marine orders in 2014.

Orders in 2013 were up 2 percent (2 percent in local
currencies) as both the growth in orders in our Robotics busi-
ness and the impact of including Power-One (acquired July
2013) were partly offset by decreases in orders in our Motors
and Generators business. Orders were negatively impacted
by weak industrial demand in mature markets and reduced
growth rates in emerging markets compared to 2012. In the
Robotics business, strong demand from the automotive
sector generated high levels of orders, while orders in the
Motors and Generators business were lower due to weak
market demand for industrial motors. In addition, orders
increased due to large orders received from rail customers
in our Power Conversion business. Orders in the Drives and
Controls business were steady compared to 2012.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Discrete
Automation and Motion division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 39 38 37
The Americas 32 32 34
Asia 26 27 26
Middle East and Africa 3 3 3
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the geographical split of orders was consistent with
2013. Larger rail orders in the Power Conversion business
from Sweden and Switzerland compensated for other market
weakness in Europe. The Americas maintained their share

of global orders as orders received in the U.S. increased due
to the inclusion of the solar business of Power-One for a full
year while the rest of the Americas was steady. The share of
orders from Asia was supported by growth in China offsetting
the impacts of order declines in India.

In 2013, the geographic distribution of our orders
remained similar to 2012. Large orders in the Robotics busi-
ness contributed to the increase in the share of orders from
Asia, while fewer large orders were received in the Americas,
reducing its share. In addition, the weak demand for motors
in the U.S. also reduced the share of orders from the Americas.
The share of orders from Europe increased slightly due
to several larger traction orders in our Power Conversion busi-
ness.

Order backlog

Order backlog in 2014 increased 1 percent (9 percent in local
currencies) assisted by the receipt of large rail orders in
Sweden and Switzerland which will primarily be delivered after
2015.

Order backlog in 2013 was 2 percent lower (1 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2012, as both an increase in
order backlog in Robotics and the increase in order backlog
from acquiring Power-One were more than offset by a
decrease in order backlog in the Drives and Controls, and
Motors and Generators businesses.

Revenues
In 2014, revenues grew 2 percent (4 percent in local curren-
cies) due to the impact of including Power-One for a full year
in 2014 and growth in the Robotics business. Revenues
were also supported by a 9 percent increase in service rev-
enues (12 percent in local currencies). Revenues in the
Drives and Controls, and Motors and Generators businesses
declined due to a weak opening order backlog for mid- and
large-sized medium voltage drives and high voltage motors.

In 2013, revenues increased 5 percent (5 percent in local
currencies) due to the impact of including Power-One as
well as growth in the Robotics and Drives and Controls busi-
nesses. However, revenue decreases in the Motors and
Generators business lowered the overall growth rate of the
division.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Discrete
Automation and Motion division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 37 39 37
The Americas 33 32 33
Asia 27 26 27
Middle East and Africa 3 3 3
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the share of revenues from Europe declined due to
lower revenues in the Drives and Controls, and Motors

and Generators businesses. The Americas’ share of revenues
increased and was supported by the inclusion of Power-One
for a full year in 2014. Revenues in Asia were supported by
high automotive revenues in Robotics in China.

In 2013, Europe’s share of total revenues increased as
several large projects were executed from the 2012 order
backlog. Revenue growth was achieved in Sweden, Norway,
Italy, Finland and Switzerland. The share of the Americas
decreased as revenue growth in Brazil and Canada was off-
set by a revenue decrease in the U.S. Asia’s share of reve-
nues declined as revenues in India, Australia and South Korea
were lower than 2012, while China recorded moderate
growth.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 99


--- Page 27 ---

Income from operations

In 2014, income from operations was lower than 2013, despite
higher revenues, due to price pressures affecting gross
margin and higher depreciation costs. Lower revenues in the
Drives and Controls, and Motors and Generators busi-
nesses also led to reduced income from operations. Robot-
ics had a higher contribution to income from operations

due to increased revenues and improved gross margins while
margins were lower in the Power Conversion business due

to the dilutive effects of Power-One.

In 2013, income from operations was stable compared to
2012. The benefit of higher revenues was offset by a reduc-
tion in operating margins, primarily due to changes in product
mix. In addition, higher depreciation expense, the costs of
acquiring Power-One and higher restructuring-related costs
compared with 2012, negatively impacted income from
operations in 2013. Depreciation and amortization increased
to $285 million in 2013, mainly due to the acquisition of
Power-One.

Operational EBITDA

The reconciliation of income from operations to Operational
EBITDA for the Discrete Automation and Motion division was
as follows:

(8 in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Income from operations 1,422 1,458 1,469
Depreciation and amortization 309 285 263
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expenses 25 19 (4)
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses, acquisition-related

expenses and certain non-

operational items - 33 8
FX/commodity timing differences

in income from operations 4 (12) (t)
Operational EBITDA 1,760 1,783 1,735

In 2014, Operational EBITDA declined 1 percent compared
to 2013, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2013, Operational EBITDA increased 3 percent com-
pared to 2012, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

Fiscal year 2015 outlook

The speed and direction of global economic development is
currently uncertain. There continue to be some positive indi-
cators in the U.S., and China is expected to continue to grow.
Many economies in Europe, however, are expected to
remain weak. Despite this mixed outlook, we expect custom-
ers to continue to invest in safe, efficient and flexible auto-
mation, and in sustainable transport and infrastructure, which
will support the performance of the Discrete Automation

and Motion division in 2015.

100. Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Low Voltage Products

The financial results of our Low Voltage Products division
were as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 | 2013
Orders 7,550 7,696 6,720 (2)% 15%
Order backlog at Dec. 31, got} 1,057 1,117 | (16)% | (6)%
Revenues 7,532} 7,729 6,638 | (3)%| 16%
Income from operations 1,475 1,092 856 35% 28%
Operational EBITDA 1,429| 1,468 1,219] (8)%| 20%

Orders

In 2014, orders decreased 2 percent (flat in local currencies)
as order growth in most businesses was offset by the impact
of the divestments of HVAC and Steel Structures. Order
growth was highest in the Wiring Accessories business and
orders also grew in the Breakers and Switches, Enclosures,
and Control Products businesses while orders in the Low
Voltage Systems business were steady. Product businesses
grew despite a challenging macroeconomic environment

in Europe, lower investments in the construction market in
China and political instability in certain Eastern European
countries.

Orders increased 15 percent (14 percent in local curren-
cies) in 2018, driven primarily by the impact of including
Thomas & Betts for the full year in 2013. In addition, orders
grew moderately in most product businesses, while in the
systems business orders decreased.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Low Voltage
Products division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 39 39 43
The Americas 30 32 26
Asia 24 22 24
Middle East and Africa 7 7 7
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the share of orders from the Americas decreased
primarily due to the impact of the divestments in the year,
which were mainly based in the U.S. and Canada. The share
of orders in Asia increased, partially driven by systems orders
in China.

In 2013, the share of orders from the Americas increased
and the share of orders from both Europe and Asia
decreased, due primarily to the impact of including Thomas &
Betts for the full year in 2013, which operates primarily in
the U.S. and Canada.

Order backlog
In 2014, order backlog decreased 16 percent (9 percent
in local currencies), driven mainly by the impacts of business
divestments in the year.

In 2013, order backlog decreased 5 percent (4 percent in
local currencies), driven mainly by certain product businesses.


--- Page 28 ---

Revenues

In 2014, revenues decreased 3 percent (flat in local curren-
cies) as steady to higher revenues in most businesses were
offset by the impacts of divested businesses. Revenues

Operational EBITDA
The reconciliation of income from operations to Operational
EBITDA for the Low Voltage Products division was as follows:

grew slightly in the Breakers and Switches and Low Voltage ($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Systems businesses while revenues were flat in the Enclo- Income from operations 1,475 1,092 856
sures and Control Products businesses. Depreciation and amortization 301 323 250

In 2013, revenues increased 16 percent (16 percent Restructuring and restructuring-
in local currencies) primarily due to the impact of including related expenses 45 31 23
Thomas & Betts for the full year in 2013. In addition, revenues Gains and losses on sale of
grew in our product businesses, while revenues were lower businesses, acquisition-related
in the systems business. expenses and certain non-

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Low operational items (407) 16 106
Voltage Products division was as follows: FX/commodity timing differences

in income from operations 15 6 (16)

(in %) 2014 2013 2012 Operational EBITDA | 1,429 | 1,468 4,219
Europe 40 39 43
The Americas 30 33 26 In 2014, Operational EBITDA decreased 3 percent compared
Asia 23 22 24 to 2013, primarily due to the reasons described under “In-
Middle East and Africa 7 6 7 come from operations”, excluding the explanations related to
Total 100 100 100 the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2014, the share of revenues from the Americas decreased
primarily due to the impact of divestments in the year. The
share of revenues from Asia and MEA increased slightly, par-
tially attributable to increased systems revenues in China
and Saudi Arabia respectively.

In 2013, the share of revenues from the Americas
increased and the share of revenues from both Europe and
Asia decreased, due primarily to the impact of including
Thomas & Betts for the full year in 2013.

Income from operations
In 2014, income from operations increased 35 percent,
primarily due to gains from the sales of businesses divested
in the year. Depreciation and amortization of $301 million
was lower than 2018, due to the impacts of business divest-
ments in 2014. However, income from operations was
impacted by a negative product mix.

In 2013, income from operations increased 28 percent,
due mainly to the impact of including Thomas & Betts for
the full year in 2013 and also due to the inclusion in 2012 of
$106 million of acquisition-related expenses and certain
non-operational items (which mainly included certain employee-
related expenses and transaction costs for Thomas & Betts).
Depreciation and amortization of $323 million was higher
than in 2012, due primarily to including Thomas & Betts for
a full year. In addition, the change in geographic distribution
of revenues in 2013, as well as a different revenue mix between
products and systems, increased profitability.

In 2013, Operational EBITDA increased 20 percent com-
pared to 2012, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

Fiscal year 2015 outlook

The global demand outlook for 2015 in our key industry and
transport and infrastructure markets varies by region and
sector. There are some positive indicators in North America
and slow growth in Europe is expected to remain. Economic
growth in China is forecasted to continue. Customer spending
to improve industrial and building efficiency is expected to
support the business in 2015, along with further investments
in electrical marine propulsion and rail transport.

Process Automation

The financial results of our Process Automation division were
as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 | 2013
Orders 8,577] 8,000 8,704] 7%| (8%
Order backlog at Dec. 31, 5,661 | 5,772 6,416 | (2)% | (10)%
Revenues 7,948 | 8,497 8,156 | (6)%| 4%
Income from operations 4,003 990 912} 1%] 9%
Operational EBITDA 1,029] 1,096 1,003] (6)%| 9%

Orders

Orders in 2014 increased 7 percent (10 percent in local cur-
rencies), mainly due to high demand from the marine sector,
especially for LNG vessels. Orders in the oil and gas busi-
nesses also increased while orders in the mining businesses
remained at low levels as most mining customers delayed
or postponed capital investments. Orders in the metals busi-
nesses also remained at low levels due to overcapacity
issues affecting our customers. Other customers such as
steel companies are focusing their spending on operating
expenses and not on capital investment due to profitability

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 101


--- Page 29 ---

pressures affecting their industry. The paper industry in
North America, South America and parts of Asia, however,
has improved and has started to increase its level of
capital investment.

Orders in 2013 declined 8 percent (8 percent in local cur-
rencies), reflecting the response of our customers to ongoing
economic uncertainty. Order declines were primarily due to
reductions in large orders as tender activity for major expan-
sion projects decreased across most sectors. Orders during
the year largely reflected customer investment in productivity
improvements for existing assets rather than investment in
capacity expansion. Orders from the oil and gas and marine
sectors remained strong but were lower than in 2012, while
orders from metals and pulp and paper customers decreased.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Process
Automation division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 33 37 37
The Americas 23 23 25
Asia 35 31 27
Middle East and Africa 9 9 "1
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the share of orders from Asia increased primarily
due to the impacts of large orders received in South Korea
from the LNG marine sector and strong order growth in
China. Orders grew in MEA, allowing it to maintain its share
of orders, and included the impact of the award of a gas
treatment plant contract in Tunisia. The share of orders from
the Americas remained steady. Growth in Brazil was offset
by the effects of lower mining investments in Chile while
North America grew slightly. Orders decreased in Europe
which resulted in a reduction in the share of orders from
Europe compared to 2013. Marine orders in Finland were
offset by lower order intake in Germany and Southern Europe.
In 2013, the share of orders from Asia grew while declining
in the Americas and MEA. In Asia, the increase was primarily
from China, where higher orders were mainly driven by the
marine sector while the mining sector remained weak. South
Korea also remained strong in the marine sector. In Europe,
the offshore oil and gas market in the North Sea continued to
see capital investments based on high oil prices and
improving reservoir assessment technology. The European
shipbuilding sector also saw renewed activity, although
economic constraints such as overcapacity and the lack of
financing have affected this sector. Overall, Europe, with the
same share of orders as in 2012, had a moderate decrease
in orders, although still at high levels. Orders in the Americas
were impacted by a reduction in investments made by the
mining sector, while the MEA region decreased primarily due
to arreduction in large orders received from the oil and gas
sector.

Order backlog
Order backlog at December 31, 2014, was 2 percent lower
compared to 2013. In local currencies, order backlog was
9 percent higher, reflecting the higher order intake during the
year, especially large orders.

Order backlog at December 31, 2013, was 10 percent
lower (8 percent in local currencies) than in 2012, reflecting
the impact of a reduction in order intake during the year.

102 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Revenues
In 2014, revenues were down 6 percent (4 percent in local
currencies) reflecting the impacts of lower order intake in the
previous year. Revenue decreases were more significant in
the systems businesses, especially in mining systems, due to
the weak opening order backlog while revenues in the oil
and gas businesses increased. Product revenues were flat.
Revenues in the Measurement Products business grew
slightly but were offset by a decline in revenues in the Con-
trol Technologies business. Product revenues in the Turbo-
charging business increased slightly compared to the low
levels last year. Revenues were also impacted by the exit in
2013 from a large service contract.

Although orders decreased in 2013, revenues were
4 percent higher than 2012 (5 percent in local currencies) as
we executed on projects in the order backlog from 2012.
Revenue growth resulted primarily from the systems busi-
nesses, particularly in the marine and mining sectors.
Revenues in our product businesses grew moderately, par-
ticularly in Measurement Products and Control Technologies.
Lifecycle services also showed modest growth.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Process
Automation division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 35 36 37
The Americas 23 24 23
Asia 33 32 30
Middle East and Africa 9 8 10
Total 100 100 100

The regional distribution of revenues in 2014 did not change
significantly compared to 2013. Revenue share declines were
realized in Europe and the Americas, while Asia and MEA
increased. In Europe, revenues declined as result of an exit
in 2013 from a large service contract in Finland and lower
revenues in Sweden. In the Americas, lower opening order
backlog in the mining business led to lower revenues in
Chile and Peru, which more than offset growth in the U.S. The
revenue share from Asia increased slightly while the reve-
nue increase in MEA was mainly from Algeria and the United
Arab Emirates.

In 2013, revenues grew across most regions. The share
of revenues from Asia increased as revenues grew in South
Korea and China with high demand from the marine sector,
while in Australia revenues grew in the oil and gas and mining
sectors. The share of revenues from the Americas also
increased as revenues grew primarily in South America, driven
by the mining sector in Chile and Peru while revenue levels
in North America were maintained. Although the share of rev-
enues from Europe decreased, revenues from Europe
increased, mainly from higher revenues in the oil and gas sec-
tor in Northern Europe, while the rest of Europe was slightly
lower. The share of revenues from MEA was lower primarily
due to the timing of large projects in Africa.


--- Page 30 ---

Income from operations
In 2014, income from operations increased compared
to 2013, mainly due to the gain on sale of the Full Service
business partially offset by the impact of lower revenues.

In 2013, income from operations increased primarily due
to higher revenues, as well as a favorable product mix
resulting from stronger growth rates in our higher-margin
businesses. Improved project execution in the systems
businesses and strict cost control also contributed to the
increase.

Operational EBITDA
The reconciliation of income from operations to Operational
EBITDA for the Process Automation division was as follows:

(8 in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Income from operations 1,003 990 912
Depreciation and amortization 88 87 82
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expenses 43 31 28
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses, acquisition-related

expenses and certain non-

operational items (113) ©) 2
FX/commodity timing differences

in income from operations 8 ©) (21)
Operational EBITDA 1,029 1,096 1,003

In 2014, Operational EBITDA decreased 6 percent compared
to 2013, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2013, Operational EBITDA increased 9 percent com-
pared to 2012, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

Fiscal year 2015 outlook

The outlook for 2015 is mixed and varies by industry. While the
oil and gas sector has recently been a key growth driver,

the decrease in oil prices is expected to lead to lower and/or
delayed capital expenditures by our upstream oil and gas
customers. However, mid- and downstream activities such as
refining, chemicals and petrochemicals may see increased
investment. The marine market is expected to continue to be
strong, while demand from the mining segment is forecast

to remain at low levels. The metals industry still suffers from
overcapacity, while the pulp and paper industry is expected
to grow moderately, especially in the emerging markets.

Power Products

The financial results of our Power Products division were as
follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012 | 2014 | 2013
Orders 10,764} 10,459 11,040 3% (5)%
Order backlog at Dec. 31, 7.791| 7,946 8,493] (2)%] (6)%
Revenues 10,333 | 11,032 10,717] (6)%| 3%
Income from operations 4,204} 1,331 1,328 | (10)% -
Operational EBITDA 4,519| 1,637 1,585 | (7)%] 3%

Orders

In 2014, orders increased 3 percent (5 percent in local curren-
cies), supported by the industry sector and continued selec-
tive investments in large transmission projects.

In 2013, orders decreased 5 percent (5 percent in local
currencies), as a result of a challenging market environment
and restrained investment by power utilities. Although
demand in the industrial and distribution sectors continued
to offer opportunities, order intake was affected by lower
demand in the power transmission sector.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Power
Products division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 28 31 33
The Americas 29 28 27
Asia 29 29 29
Middle East and Africa 14 12 1"
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the share of orders from the Americas increased,
mainly driven by the transmission sector. The continued
development of power infrastructure investments led to a
higher share of orders in MEA. Asia maintained its share

of total orders with India showing growth and China remain-
ing stable. Europe’s share of orders declined, reflecting
the difficult market conditions throughout the year.

In 2013, the higher share of orders from MEA reflected
continued development of power infrastructure in the region.
The share of the Americas was steady, mainly driven by
distribution upgrades. Asia maintained its share of total orders
with China showing growth while Australia declined, as
demand from industrial customers was lower, especially the
mining sector. Europe’s share of orders declined, reflecting
the current market uncertainty.

Order backlog

In 2014, order backlog decreased 2 percent (increased

6 percent in local currencies) compared to 2013. In local
currencies, the order backlog increased in all businesses
resulting from higher orders during the year.

In 2013, order backlog decreased 6 percent (5 percent
in local currencies) compared to 2012. This resulted from
lower order intake (described above) and the higher revenues
executed from the 2012 backlog.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 103


--- Page 31 ---

Revenues

In 2014, revenues in the Power Products division decreased

6 percent (4 percent in local currencies), mainly reflecting the
impact of the lower opening order backlog. Service revenues
continued to grow and represented a higher share of the total
division revenues compared to 2013.

In 2013, revenues increased 3 percent (3 percent in local
currencies), mainly reflecting the execution of the 2012 order
backlog. This included the execution of orders with longer
lead times, as well as higher revenues from industries typically
having a shorter lead time, such as the distribution and
industry sectors. Service revenues continued to grow but
represented the same share of total division revenues as in
2012.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our Power
Products division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 32 32 32
The Americas 26 27 27
Asia 31 30 32
Middle East and Africa 11 1 9
Total 100 100 100

In 2014, the shares of revenues from both Europe and MEA
remained unchanged, reflecting the current economic envi-
ronment. The share of revenues from the Americas was lower
as revenues in certain key markets decreased slightly com-
pared to 2013. The increase in the share of revenues from Asia
was primarily driven by revenue increases in India.

In 2013, the shares of revenues from both the Americas
and Europe remained unchanged, reflecting the current
economic environment. The share of revenues from Asia fell
as revenues in certain key markets decreased slightly com-
pared to 2012. The increase in the share of revenues from
MEA was primarily driven by revenue increases in Saudi Arabia.

Income from operations
In 2014, income from operations was lower compared to 2013
primarily reflecting lower revenues, higher charges relating to
FX/commodity timing differences and higher selling expenses
resulting from investments made in the sales function.

In 2013, income from operations was at the same level as
2012, as benefits from higher revenues were mostly offset
by higher non-operational charges and higher depreciation
and amortization. Operating margins were maintained as
price pressure from lower margin orders in the backlog was
largely offset by cost savings. In 2013, the gains from
FX/commodity timing differences were lower than in 2012.
Restructuring-related expenses were at the same level as
2012.

104 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Operational EBITDA
The reconciliation of income from operations to Operational
EBITDA for the Power Products division was as follows:

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Income from operations 1,204 1,331 1,328
Depreciation and amortization 217 223 209
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expenses 51 66 65
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses, acquisition-related

expenses and certain non-

operational items 16 19 1
FX/commodity timing differences

in income from operations 31 (2) (18)
Operational EBITDA 1,519 | 1,637 1,585

In 2014, Operational EBITDA decreased 7 percent compared
to 2013, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2013, Operational EBITDA increased 3 percent com-
pared to 2012, primarily due to the reasons described
under “Income from operations”, excluding the explanations
related to the reconciling items in the table above.

Fiscal year 2015 outlook

Utility investments continue to be restrained based on the
overall macroeconomic environment. The power transmission
sector is still seeing selective project investments, driven
by new infrastructure demand in emerging markets and the
need for grid upgrades, improved power reliability and
environmental concerns in the mature markets. Power dis-
tribution demand is expected to be stable. Investments

by industrial customers vary across geographies and sec-
tors and remain largely focused on sectors such as heavy
industries. The overall market remains competitive.

Power Systems

The financial results of our Power Systems division were as
follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2014] 2013 2012| 2014| 2013
Orders 6.871] 5,949 7,973 | 15% | (25)%
Order backlog at Dec. 31, 8,246 | 9,435 12,107 | (13)% | (22)%
Revenues 7,020| 8,375 7,852 | (16)%| 7%
Income from operations (360) 171 7| na} na
Operational EBITDA 5 419 290 | (99)% | 44%

Orders

In 2014, orders increased 15 percent (20 percent in local
currencies) compared with 2013, mainly due to a higher level
of large orders in the Grid Systems business following

the $800 million award in the United Kingdom for a HVDC
subsea power connection in northern Scotland and

a $400 million HVDC project in Canada to provide the first
electricity link between the island of Newfoundland and

the North American power grid. In addition, large orders in


--- Page 32 ---

2014 included a $110 million substation order in Saudi Arabia
which will support grid interconnection and boost electricity
transmission capacity. Initiatives to drive base order growth,
combined with early signs of stabilization in the utility sector,
contributed to modest growth in base orders. The overall market
remains highly competitive, especially in certain higher-
growth regions such as the Middle East.

The Power Systems division continues to be selective, focus-
ing on higher-margin projects and those with higher pull-
through of other ABB products.

Order intake in 2013 was 25 percent lower (25 percent in
local currencies), as customers postponed investments and
delayed the award of large orders. In addition, we increased
our project selectivity and focused on higher-margin business
as part of the division’s strategic repositioning. Power infra-
structure spending was restrained due to economic uncertain-
ties in most regions, while transmission utilities continued
to invest selectively, focusing on additional capacity in emerg-
ing markets while mature markets focused mainly on grid
upgrades. Large orders in 2013 included a $110 million order
for a HVDC converter station to facilitate the connection of
the Lithuanian and Polish power grids, an $80 million order to
power Canada’s largest solar photovoltaic plant, and substa-
tion orders of $160 million in Kuwait to help strengthen the
country’s power grid and support its growing infrastructure.
Price pressure, resulting from ongoing macroeconomic
weakness in certain key geographical markets, also nega-
tively impacted our order levels in 2013.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Power Sys-
tems division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 42 35 30
The Americas 25 25 31
Asia 7 17 18
Middle East and Africa 16 23 21
Total 100 100 100

In the Power Systems division, the change in the geographic
share of orders often reflects changes in the geographical
locations of large orders. In 2014, the share of orders from
Europe increased due to the award of the HVDC project

in Scotland. The share of orders in the Americas and Asia
remained stable with growth in both large and base orders.
Orders from MEA decreased, mainly due to the timing of
large order awards, resulting in a reduction of order share
relative to the other regions.

In 2013, orders declined across all regions compared to
2012. The order decrease in the Americas mainly resulted
from the strong level of large orders in 2012. Regionally, the
percentage of our orders from Europe was the highest,
although both large and base orders were lower than in the
previous year.

Order backlog

Order backlog at December 31, 2014, was $8,246 million,

a decrease of 13 percent (4 percent in local currencies)
compared with 2013. Although order backlog was supported
by the large orders received in 2014, order backlog
decreased in 2014 as the division continued to run off the
remaining orders in businesses affected by the reposi-

tioning of the Power Systems division announced in 2012
and the businesses affected by the exiting of the solar EPC
business announced in 2014.

Order backlog at December 31, 2013, was $9,435 million,
a decrease of 22 percent (21 percent in local currencies)
compared with 2012. Order backlog was impacted signifi-
cantly by the lower level of large orders received in 2013,
particularly the lack of very large project orders which typi-
cally have execution times stretching over several years.

Revenues
Revenues in 2014 decreased 16 percent (13 percent in local
currencies), due mainly to the effects of weak order intake
in 2013 and the resulting lower opening order backlog at the
beginning of 2014. Revenues decreased in all businesses
compared to 2013. In addition, revenues in 2014 were nega-
tively impacted by execution delays in selected projects.
Revenues in 2013 increased 7 percent (8 percent in local
currencies), with growth in all businesses. The increase was
achieved primarily through the execution of projects from the
2012 order backlog. The strong order backlog level at the
beginning of 2013 provided the division a strong base from
which to generate revenues in 2013 and more than compen-
sated for the lower level of orders received in 2013.
The geographic distribution of revenues for our Power
Systems division was as follows:

(in %) 2014 2013 2012
Europe 38 36 40
The Americas 23 23 19
Asia 19 20 19
Middle East and Africa 20 24 22
Total 100 100 100

The regional distribution of revenues reflects the geographical
end-user markets of the projects we are executing, and con-
sequently varies over time. In 2014, revenues decreased in all
regions compared to 2013. Europe remained our largest
region in terms of revenues, followed again by the Americas.
The largest revenue decrease was recorded in MEA, and
partly related to lower revenues in Iraq and Saudi Arabia com-
pared to 2013, following a lower opening order backlog.

In 2013, Europe was the largest region in terms of reve-
nues, despite a decrease in share of revenues compared
to previous year. The higher share of revenues from the
Americas was due primarily to execution in 2013 of projects
from the 2012 order backlog in the U.S. and Brazil.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 105


--- Page 33 ---

Income from operations

In 2014, the Power Systems division realized a loss from
operations of $360 million compared to an income from oper-
ations of $171 million in 2013, due primarily to lower reve-
nues and project-related charges, mainly for offshore wind
projects and solar EPC contracts. Income from operations
also included a $115 million negative impact related to FX/
commodity timing differences compared with a $40 million
positive impact in 2013. Restructuring-related expenses in
2014 of $63 million were lower than the $101 million in 2013,
and included charges to adjust the size and cost structure
of certain operations in response to lower order backlog
and an increased focus on white collar productivity. Cost
savings from supply chain management and operational
excellence activities helped mitigate higher research and
development spending, and the impact of low margin
projects executed from the order backlog.

In 2013, income from operations increased to $171 mil-
lion, from $7 million in 2012, due partly to the impacts on
2012 from the repositioning of the Power Systems division.
Income from operations in 2013 was also negatively impacted
by operational charges in the fourth quarter of approximately
$260 million, a significant portion of which related to certain
offshore wind projects, where severe winter storms in the
North Sea caused time delays and increased costs. The
remaining operational charges in the fourth quarter related to
project cost increases in certain projects in other businesses.
Restructuring-related expenses in 2013 of $101 million were
higher than the $52 million in 2012, and included charges
to adjust the size of certain operations in response to lower
order intake. However, income from operations benefitted
from the contribution of higher revenues and lower research
and development spending. Additionally, cost savings from
supply chain management and operational excellence activi-
ties helped mitigate the impact of price pressures in projects
executed from the order backlog.

Operational EBITDA
The reconciliation of income from operations to Operational
EBITDA for the Power Systems division was as follows:

(8 in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Income from operations (360) 171 7
Depreciation and amortization 175 183 174
Restructuring and restructuring-

related expenses 63 101 52
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses, acquisition-related

expenses and certain non-

operational items 12 4 70
FX/commodity timing differences

in income from operations 115 (40) (13)
Operational EBITDA 5 419 290

In 2014, Operational EBITDA decreased compared to 2013,
primarily due to the reasons described under “Income
from operations”, excluding the explanations related to the
reconciling items in the table above.

In 2013, Operational EBITDA increased 44 percent com-
pared to 2012, primarily due to the reasons described under
“Income from operations”, excluding the explanations related
to the reconciling items in the table above.

106 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Fiscal year 2015 outlook

Utilities are expected to continue to make selective invest-
ments in, for example, power infrastructure to add capacity
in emerging markets, and upgrading aging infrastructure in
mature markets. Integrating renewable energy sources into
existing grids, improving overall grid efficiency and the devel-
opment of more reliable, flexible and smarter grids will also
support the business. The timing of these investments can
vary significantly by region and customer and depends on
both short-term macroeconomic conditions, long-term
demand forecasts, and regulatory and policy developments,
among other factors.

Corporate and Other

Income from operations for Corporate and Other was as
follows:

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Corporate headquarters

and stewardship (369) (372) (341)
Corporate research

and development (174) (187) (192)
Corporate real estate 44 49 50
Other (70) (140) (41)
Total Corporate and Other (569) (650) (524)

In 2014, Corporate headquarters and stewardship costs were
at the same level as the previous year. In 2013, Corporate
headquarters and stewardship costs increased by $31 million,
primarily due to increases in personnel expenses and
additional investments in information systems infrastructure.

In 2014, Corporate research and development costs
totaled $174 million, lower than in 2013. In 2013, Corporate
research and development costs totaled $187 million, mar-
ginally lower than the costs reported in 2012.

Corporate real estate primarily includes the income from
property rentals and gains from the sale of real estate prop-
erties. In 2014, 2013 and 2012, income from operations in
Corporate real estate includes gains of $17 million, $23 million
and $26 million, respectively, from the sales of real estate
property in various countries.

“Other” consists of operational costs of our Global
Treasury Operations, operating income or loss in non-core
businesses and certain other charges such as costs and
penalties associated with legal cases, environmental expenses
and impairment charges related to investments. In 2014,
“Other” declined primarily due to lower charges in connection
with legal compliance cases and lower environmental
expenses. In 2013, “Other” included primarily certain legal
compliance cases, certain environmental expenses,
acquisition-related expenses, the loss on sale of a non-core
business and the impairment of certain investments. In
2012, “Other” primarily included the release of a compliance-
related provision, partially offset by a provision for certain
pension claims in the U.S. and charges from the impairments
of our investments in the shares of a public company.


--- Page 34 ---

Restructuring

Cost savings initiative

In 2014, 2013 and 2012, we executed cost saving measures

to sustainably reduce our costs and protect our profitability.
Costs associated with these measures amounted to

$235 million, $252 million and $180 million in 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively. Estimated cost savings initiatives amounted
to around $1.1 billion in 2014, $1.2 billion in 2013 and $1.1 bil-
lion in 2012. These savings were achieved by optimizing global
sourcing (excluding changes in commodity prices), through
reductions to general and administrative expenses, as well as
adjustments to our global manufacturing and engineering
footprint.

Liquidity and capital
resources

Principal sources of funding

We meet our liquidity needs principally using cash from oper-
ations, proceeds from the issuance of debt instruments
(bonds and commercial paper), and short-term bank borrow-
ings.

During 2014, 2013 and 2012, our financial position
was strengthened by the positive cash flow from operating
activities of $3,845 million, $3,653 million and $3,779 million,
respectively.

Our net debt is shown in the table below:

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Cash and equivalents 5,443 6,021
Marketable securities and short-term

investments 1,325 464
Short-term debt and current maturities

of long-term debt (353) (453)
Long-term debt (7,338) (7,70)
Net debt

(defined as the sum of the above lines) (923) (1,538)

Net debt at December 31, 2014, decreased $615 million
compared to December 31, 2013, as cash flows from operating
activities during 2014 of $3,845 million and proceeds from
sales of businesses and equity-accounted companies (net of
cash disposed and transaction costs) of $1,110 million more
than offset the cash outflows for the payment of dividends
($1,973 million), purchases of property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets ($1,026 million) and amounts paid

to purchase treasury stock ($1,003 million). See “Financial
Position”, “Investing activities” and “Financing activities”

for further details.

Our Group Treasury Operations is responsible for provid-
ing a range of treasury management services to our group
companies, including investing cash in excess of current busi-
ness requirements. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the pro-
portion of our aggregate “Cash and equivalents” and “Market-

able securities and short-term investments” managed by our
Group Treasury Operations amounted to approximately
60 percent and 55 percent, respectively.

Throughout 2014 and 2018, the investment strategy for
cash (in excess of current business requirements) has
generally been to invest in short-term time deposits with
maturities of less than 3 months, supplemented at times
by investments in corporate commercial paper, AAA-rated
money market liquidity funds, and in some cases, govern-
ment securities. During 2014, we also placed limited funds
in connection with reverse repurchase agreements and
invested in floating-rate notes. With ongoing credit risk con-
cerns in the eurozone economic area, we restrict our bank
exposures in the eurozone area. We continue to also restrict
the counterparties with whom we are prepared to place cash
and we limit our deposits with certain banks in the eurozone.
We actively monitor credit risk in our investment portfolio
and hedging activities. Credit risk exposures are controlled in
accordance with policies approved by our senior manage-
ment to identify, measure, monitor and control credit risks.
We closely monitor developments in the credit markets and
make appropriate changes to our investment policy as deemed
necessary. The rating criteria we require for our counterparts
have remained unchanged during 2014 (compared to 2013) as
follows - a minimum rating of A/A2 for our banking counter-
parts, while the minimum required rating for investments in
short-term corporate paper is A-1/P-1. In addition to rating
criteria, we have specific investment parameters and approved
instruments as well as restricting the types of investments we
make. These parameters are closely monitored on an ongoing
basis and amended as we consider necessary.

We believe the cash flows generated from our business,
supplemented, when necessary, through access to the capital
markets (including short-term commercial paper) and our
credit facilities are sufficient to support business operations,
capital expenditures, business acquisitions, the payment
of dividends to shareholders and contributions to pension
plans. Due to the nature of our operations, our cash flow
from operations generally tends to be weaker in the first half
of the year than in the second half of the year. Consequently,
we believe that our ability to obtain funding from these
sources will continue to provide the cash flows necessary to
satisfy our working capital and capital expenditure require-
ments, as well as meet our debt repayments and other finan-
cial commitments for the next 12 months. See “Disclosures
about contractual obligations and commitments”.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 107


--- Page 35 ---

Debt and interest rates

Total outstanding debt was as follows:

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Short-term debt and current maturities
of long-term debt 353 453
Long-term debt:
Bonds 7126 7.414
Other long-term debt 212 156
Total debt 7,691 8,023

The decrease in short-term debt in 2014 was primarily due to
repayments of borrowings in various countries partially offset
by an increase in issued commercial paper ($120 million out-
standing at December 31, 2014, compared to $100 million
outstanding at December 31, 2013).

Our debt has been obtained in a range of currencies and
maturities and on various interest rate terms. We use deriva-
tives to manage the interest rate exposure arising on certain
of our debt obligations. For example, we use interest rate
swaps to effectively convert fixed rate debt into floating rate
liabilities. After considering the effects of interest rate swaps,
the effective average interest rate on our floating rate long-
term debt (including current maturities) of $2,318 million and
our fixed rate long-term debt (including current maturities)
of $5,074 million was 1.1 percent and 3.2 percent, respectively.
This compares with an effective rate of 1.2 percent for float-
ing rate long-term debt of $2,211 million and 3.1 percent for
fixed-rate long-term debt of $5,389 million at December 31,
2013.

For a discussion of our use of derivatives to modify the
interest characteristics of certain of our individual bond
issuances, see “Note 12 Debt” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Credit facility

During 2014, we replaced our $2 billion multicurrency revolving
credit facility, maturing in 2015, with a new $2 billion revolv-
ing multicurrency credit facility, maturing in 2019. In 2015 and
2016, we have the option to extend the maturity of the new
facility to 2020 and 2021, respectively.

No amount was drawn under either of the committed
credit facilities at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The replace-
ment facility is for general corporate purposes. The facility
contains cross-default clauses whereby an event of default
would occur if we were to default on indebtedness, as defined
in the facility, at or above a specified threshold.

The credit facility does not contain financial covenants
that would restrict our ability to pay dividends or raise
additional funds in the capital markets. For further details of
the credit facility, see “Note 12 Debt” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

108 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Commercial paper

At December 31, 2014, we had in place two commercial

paper programs:

— a $2 billion commercial paper program for the private
placement of U.S. dollar-denominated commercial paper
in the United States, and

— a $2 billion Euro-commercial paper program for the
issuance of commercial paper in a variety of currencies
(which replaced the previous $1 billion Euro-commercial
paper program in February 2014)

At December 31, 2014, $120 million was outstanding under
the $2 billion program in the United States, compared to
$100 million outstanding at December 31, 2013.

No amount was outstanding under the $2 billion Euro-
commercial paper program at December 31, 2014. No
amounts were outstanding at December 31, 2013 either
under our previous $1 billion Euro-commercial paper program
or under the 5 billion Swedish krona program that was
terminated in 2014.

European program for the issuance
of debt

The European program for the issuance of debt allows the
issuance of up to (the equivalent of) $8 billion in certain
debt instruments. The terms of the program do not obligate
any third party to extend credit to us and the terms and
possibility of issuing any debt under the program are deter-
mined with respect to, and as of the date of issuance of,
each debt instrument. At December 31, 2014, it was more
than 12 months since the program had been updated.
New bonds could be issued under the program but cannot
be listed without us formally updating the program. At
December 31, 2014 and 2018, one bond (principal amount
of EUR 1,250 million and due in 2019) having a carrying
amount of $1,518 million and $1,722 million, respectively,
was outstanding under this program.

Australian program for the issuance
of debt

During 2012, we set up a program for the issuance of up to
AUD 1 billion (equivalent to approximately $819 million, using
December 31, 2014 exchange rates) of medium-term notes
and other debt instruments. The terms of the program do not
obligate any third party to extend credit to us and the terms
and possibility of issuing any debt under the program are de-
termined with respect to, and as of the date of issuance of,
each debt instrument. At both December 31, 2014 and 2013,
one bond, having a principal amount of AUD 400 million and
maturing in 2017, was outstanding under the program. The
carrying amount of the bond at December 31, 2014 and 2013
was $335 million and $353 million, respectively.


--- Page 36 ---

Credit ratings

Credit ratings are assessments by the rating agencies of the
credit risk associated with ABB and are based on information
provided by us or other sources that the rating agencies
consider reliable. Higher ratings generally result in lower bor-
rowing costs and increased access to capital markets.
Our ratings are of “investment grade” which is defined as Baa3.
(or above) from Moody’s and BBB- (or above) from Standard
& Poor's.

At both December 31, 2014 and 2013, our long-term debt
was rated A2 by Moody’s and A by Standard & Poor’s.

Limitations on transfers of funds

Currency and other local regulatory limitations related to
the transfer of funds exist in a number of countries where we
operate, including: Algeria, Argentina, Chile, Egypt, India,
Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Korea, Malaysia, Peru, Russia, South
Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey and to a certain extent,
China. Funds, other than regular dividends, fees or loan repay-
ments, cannot be readily transferred offshore from these
countries and are therefore deposited and used for working
capital needs in those countries. In addition, there are certain
countries where, for tax reasons, it is not considered optimal
to transfer the cash offshore. As a consequence, these funds
are not available within our Group Treasury Operations to
meet short-term cash obligations outside the relevant country.
The above described funds are reported as cash in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets, but we do not consider these
funds immediately available for the repayment of debt outside
the respective countries where the cash is situated, including
those described above. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the
balance of “Cash and equivalents” and “Marketable securi-
ties and other short-term investments” under such limitations
(either regulatory or sub-optimal from a tax perspective)
totaled approximately $1,498 million and $1,785 million, re-
spectively.

During 2014, we continued to direct our subsidiaries
in countries with restrictions to place such cash with our core
banks or investment grade banks, in order to minimize credit
risk on such cash positions. We continue to closely monitor
the situation to ensure bank counterparty risks are minimized.

Financial position

Balance sheets

Current assets

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Cash and equivalents 5,443 6,021
Marketable securities and short-term

investments 1,325 464
Receivables, net 11,078 12,146
Inventories, net 5,376 6,004
Prepaid expenses 218 252
Deferred taxes 902 832
Other current assets 644 706
Total current assets 24,986 26,425

For a discussion on cash and equivalents, see “Liquidity and
Capital Resources — Principal sources of funding” for further
details.

Marketable securities and short-term investments
increased in 2014 due to higher amounts invested in available-
for-sale securities, increases in time deposits and invest-
ments made in reverse repurchase agreements (see “Cash
flows-Investing activities” below).

Receivables decreased 8.8 percent. In local currencies,
Receivables decreased 1.7 percent primarily due to the
impacts of divestments. For details on the components of
Receivables, see “Note 7 Receivables, net”. Inventories
decreased 10.5 percent (increased 1.1 percent in local curren-
cies) compared to 2013. Excluding the impacts of divest-
ments, Inventories increased 2.9 percent in local currencies.

For a summary of the components of deferred tax assets
and liabilities, see “Note 16 Taxes” to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

The decrease in “Other current assets” is due primarily to
a reduction in the fair value of current derivative assets.

Current liabilities

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Accounts payable, trade 4,765 5,112
Billings in excess of sales 1,455 4,714
Short-term debt and current maturities

of long-term debt 353 453
Advances from customers 1,624 1,726
Deferred taxes 289 259
Provisions for warranties 1,148 1,362
Other provisions 1,689 1,807
Other current liabilities 4,257 4,242
Total current liabilities 15,580 16,675

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 109


--- Page 37 ---

Accounts payable decreased 6.8 percent. In local currencies,
Accounts payable increased 1.8 percent due primarily to

an increase in days payables outstanding of approximately
2 days. Billings in excess of sales decreased 15.1 percent
compared to 2013. In local currencies, Billings in excess of
sales decreased 7.0 percent due to the timing of billings and
collections for contracts under the percentage-of-completion
or completed-contract methods. Advances from customers.
declined 5.9 percent. In local currencies, Advances increased
2.3 percent primarily due to the receipt of advances on
projects in the Process Automation division. Provisions for
warranties decreased 15.7 percent. In local currencies,
Provisions for warranties decreased 6.5 percent primarily due
to the settlement of warranty claims exceeding the current
year warranty expense. Other provisions decreased 6.5 per-
cent (increased 0.9 percent in local currencies). Other current
liabilities increased 0.4 percent. In local currencies, Other
current liabilities increased 9.3 percent primarily due to an
increase in the fair value of current derivatives classified as
liabilities.

Non-current assets

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Property, plant and equipment, net 5,652 6,254
Goodwill 10,053 10,670
Other intangible assets, net 2,702 3,297
Prepaid pension and other employee benefits 70 93
Investments in equity-accounted companies 177 197
Deferred taxes 511 370
Other non-current assets 727 758
Total non-current assets 19,892 21,639

Property, plant and equipment decreased 9.6 percent. In
local currencies, Property, plant and equipment was flat

as the impacts from sales of businesses and the current year
depreciation was offset by capital expenditures.

Goodwill decreased 5.8 percent. In local currencies
Goodwill decreased 2.1 percent primarily due to goodwill
allocated to businesses divested during 2014. Other
intangible assets decreased 18.0 percent (14.0 percent in
local currencies) primarily due to amortization recorded
during 2014 and a reduction of intangibles on sales of busi-
nesses. See “Note 11 Goodwill and other intangible assets”
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Non-current liabilities

December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Long-term debt 7,338 7,870
Pension and other employee benefits 2,394 1,639
Deferred taxes 1,165 4,265
Other non-current liabilities 4,586 4,707
Total non-current liabilities 12,483 12,181

Pension and other employee benefits increased 46.1 percent
(64.9 percent in local currencies) primarily due to actuarial
losses resulting from a decrease in the weighted-average dis-
count rate used to determine the pension benefit obligation
at December 31, 2014 (see “Note 17 Employee benefits” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements). See “Liquidity and
Capital Resources - Debt and interest rates” for information
on long-term debt. For a breakdown of other non-current li-

110 Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

abilities, see “Note 13 Other provisions, other current liabilities
and other non-current liabilities” to our Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements. For further explanation regarding deferred
taxes, refer to “Note 16 Taxes” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Cash flows

In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the effects
of discontinued operations are not segregated.

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows can be
summarized as follows:

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Net cash provided by operating

activities 3,845 3,653 3,779
Net cash used in investing

activities (1,121) (717) (5,575)
Net cash provided by (used in)

financing activities (3,024) (3,856) 3,762
Effects of exchange rate changes

on cash and equivalents (278) 66 90
Net change in cash and equiva-

lents - continuing operations (578) (854) 2,056
Operating activities

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Net income 2,718 2,907 2,812
Depreciation and amortization 1,305 1,318 1,182
Total adjustments to reconcile net

income to net cash provided by

operating activities (excluding de-

preciation and amortization) (367) (54) 196
Total changes in operating assets

and liabilities 189 (618) (411)
Net cash provided by operating

activities 3,845 3,653 3,779

Operating activities in 2014 provided net cash of $3,845 mil-
lion, an increase from 2013 of 5.3 percent. The increase
was driven primarily by improvements in net working capital
management but offset partially by the cash impacts of the
lower net income in 2014. Net income in 2014 also included
$543 million of net gains from the sale of businesses which
are not considered operating activities and thus are adjusted
for in order to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
operating activities.

Operating activities in 2013 provided net cash of
$3,653 million, a decrease from 2012 of 3.3 percent. The
decrease was partially due to higher net working capital
requirements, particularly for unbilled receivables for long-term
projects, but mitigated partly by cash inflows resulting
from improved inventory management. Although net income
increased during 2013, non-cash reconciling adjustments,
primarily relating to deferred income taxes, resulted ina
decrease in the cash impacts of net income compared to 2012.


--- Page 38 ---

Investing activities

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Purchases of marketable securities

(available-for-sale) (1,430) (626) (2,288)
Purchases of short-term

investments (1,465) (30) (67)
Purchases of property, plant and

equipment and intangible assets (1,026) (1,106) (1,293)
Acquisition of businesses (net

of cash acquired) and increases

in cost- and equity-accounted

companies (70) (14) (3,694)
Proceeds from sales of marketable

securities (available-for-sale) 361 1,367 1,655
Proceeds from maturity of market-

able securities (available-for-sale) 523 118 -
Proceeds from short-term

investments 1,011 47 27
Proceeds from sales of property,

plant and equipment 33 80 40
Proceeds from sales of businesses

(net of cash disposed and trans-

action costs) and cost- and equity-

accounted companies 4,110 62 16
Other investing activities (168) 185 29
Net cash used in investing

activities (1,121) (717) (6,575)

Net cash used in investing activities in 2014 was $1,121 million,
compared to $717 million in 2013. Higher proceeds from
sales of businesses were offset by net purchases of market-
able securities while in 2013, there were net sales of mar-
ketable securities. In addition, purchases of property, plant,
and equipment was lower in 2014 than 2013.

During 2014, we received net pre-tax proceeds from sales
of businesses and cost- and equity-accounted companies
of $1,110 million, primarily from the divestment of the Full Service
business, the Steel Structures business of Thomas & Betts,
the HVAC business of Thomas & Betts and the Power Solutions
business of Power-One.

Total cash disbursements for the purchase of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles were lower in 2014
compared to 2013, partly due to changes in foreign exchange
rates. The total purchases of $1,026 million included
$724 million for construction in progress (generally for build-
ings and other property facilities), $188 million for the
purchase of machinery and equipment, $38 million for the
purchase of land and buildings, and $76 million for the
purchase of intangible assets.

During 2014, we increased the amount of our excess
liquidity invested in marketable securities and short-term
investments with maturities between 3 months and 1 year.
Amounts were invested primarily in commercial paper,
reverse repurchase agreements and time deposits. The
increase in these investments during 2014 resulted in
a net outflow of $1,000 million.

Net cash used in investing activities in 2013 was $717 mil-
lion, compared to $5,575 million in 2012. The decrease is
mainly attributable to lower amounts paid for the acquisition
of businesses in 2013, lower purchases of property, plant
and equipment, and the impact from net sales of marketable
securities in 2013 compared with net purchases in 2012.

Cash paid for acquisitions (net of cash acquired) during
2013 amounted to $914 million, primarily relating to the
acquisition of Power-One for $737 million.

Total cash disbursements for the purchase of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles in 2013 decreased
compared to 2012, as we reduced the amount of investment
in capacity expansion compared to 2012. The total of
$1,106 million included $776 million for construction in prog-
ress, $206 million for the purchase of machinery and equip-
ment, $48 million for the purchase of land and buildings, and
$76 million for the purchase of intangible assets.

To obtain necessary funds to make dividend payments,
bond repayments, and to fund acquisitions during 2013,
we reduced our amount invested in marketable securities
and short-term investments, resulting in net proceeds of
$976 million.

Total cash disbursements for the purchase of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles in 2012 of $1,293 million
included $885 million for construction in progress, $248 mil-
lion for the purchase of machinery and equipment, $83 million
for the purchase of land and buildings, and $77 million for
the purchase of intangible assets.

Net cash used in investing activities in 2012 included
$3,694 million for acquisitions of businesses, primarily
Thomas & Betts. During 2012, we increased the amount
invested in marketable securities and short-term investments
resulting in a net outflow of $673 million.

Financing activities

($ in millions) 2014 2013 2012
Net changes in debt with

maturities of 90 days or less (103) (697) 570
Increase in debt 150 492 5,986
Repayment of debt (90) (1,893) (1,104)
Delivery of shares 38 74 90
Purchases of treasury stock (1,003) - -
Dividends paid (1,841) (1,667) (1,626)
Dividends paid to noncontrolling

shareholders (132) (149) (121)
Other financing activities (43) (16) (33)
Net cash provided by (used in)

financing activities (3,024) | (3,856) 3,762

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 111


--- Page 39 ---

Our financing activities primarily include debt transactions
(both from the issuance of debt securities and borrowings
directly from banks), dividends paid and share transactions.

In 2014, the net cash outflow for debt with maturities
of 90 days or less was primarily related to repayments made
of borrowings in various countries offset by a small increase
in the amount outstanding under our commercial paper pro-
gram in the United States. In 2013, the net cash outflow
from changes in debt with maturities of 90 days or less prin-
cipally reflects a reduction in commercial paper outstand-
ing while the 2012 net cash inflow primarily reflects a net
issuance of commercial paper.

In 2014, increases in other debt included cash flows from
additional borrowings in various countries. In 2013, the
increase in debt primarily related to borrowings under borrow-
ing facilities in various countries and issuances of commer-
cial paper with maturities above 90 days. In 2012, the cash
inflows from increases in debt primarily related to the
issuance of the following bonds: EUR 1,250 million aggregate
principal, $1,250 million aggregate principal, $750 million
aggregate principal, $500 million aggregate principal, AUD
400 million aggregate principal and CHF 350 million aggre-
gate principal.

In 2014 repayment of debt reflects repayments of
borrowings in various countries. During 2013, $1,893 million
of debt was repaid, partially reflecting the repayment at
maturity of the 700 million euro bonds (equivalent to $918 mil-
lion at date of repayment). Other repayments during 2013
consisted mainly of repayments of commercial paper issuances
having maturities above 90 days and repayments of other
short-term debt. During 2012, $1,104 million of debt was repaid,
mainly reflecting the repayment of part of the debt assumed
from the acquisition of Thomas & Betts (approximately
$320 million) and of other debt (primarily short-term bank
borrowings).

In 2014, “Purchases of treasury stock” reflects the cash
paid to purchase approximately 45 million of our own shares
of which 33 million shares were purchased in connection with
the share buyback program announced in September 2014.

112. Financial review of ABB Group | ABB Annual Report 2014

Disclosures about contractual obligations
and commitments

The contractual obligations presented in the table below
represent our estimates of future payments under fixed con-
tractual obligations and commitments. The amounts in the
table may differ from those reported in our Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheet at December 31, 2014. Changes in our business
needs, cancellation provisions and changes in interest rates,
as well as actions by third parties and other factors, may
cause these estimates to change. Therefore, our actual pay-
ments in future periods may vary from those presented in
the table. The following table summarizes certain of our con-
tractual obligations and principal and interest payments
under our debt instruments, leases and purchase obligations
at December 31, 2014.

Less More
than 1-3 3-5 than
Payments due by period Total 1year years years 5 years
($ in millions)
Long-term debt obligations 7,184 25 2,009 1,877 3,273
Interest payments related to
long-term debt obligations «1,832,» 213-=S 387 ~—320 912
Operating lease obligations 1,703 «482,-—=Ss«661—380 230
Capital lease obligations" 234 4 59 35 99
Purchase obligations 4,970 4,018 569 138 245
Total 15,923 4,729 3,685 2,750 4,759

" Capital lease obligations represent the total cash payments to be made in the future
and include interest expense of $88 million and executory costs of $2 million

In the table above, the long-term debt obligations reflect the
cash amounts to be repaid upon maturity of those debt
obligations. The cash obligations above will differ from the
long-term debt balance reflected in “Note 12 Debt” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements due to the impacts of fair
value hedge accounting adjustments and premiums or
discounts on certain debt. In addition, capital lease obliga-
tions are shown separately in the table above while they

are combined with Long-term debt amounts in our Consoli-
dated Balance Sheets.

We have determined the interest payments related to
long-term debt obligations by reference to the payments due
under the terms of our debt obligations at the time such
obligations were incurred. However, we use interest rate
swaps to modify the interest characteristics of certain of our
debt obligations. The net effect of these swaps may be to
increase or decrease the actual amount of our cash interest
payment obligations, which may differ from those stated
in the above table. For further details on our debt obligations
and the related hedges, see “Note 12 Debt” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements.

Of the total of $829 million unrecognized tax benefits
(net of deferred tax assets) at December 31, 2014, it is
expected that $69 million will be paid within less than a year.
However, we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate
as to the related future payments for the remaining amount.


--- Page 40 ---

Off balance sheet arrangements

Commercial commitments

We disclose the maximum potential exposure of certain guar-
antees, as well as possible recourse provisions that may
allow us to recover from third parties amounts paid out under
such guarantees. The maximum potential exposure does

not allow any discounting of our assessment of actual exposure
under the guarantees. The information below reflects our
maximum potential exposure under the guarantees, which is
higher than our assessment of the expected exposure.

Guarantees

The following table provides quantitative data regarding

our third-party guarantees. The maximum potential payments
represent a worst-case scenario, and do not reflect our
expected outcomes.

Maximum potential
payments
December 31, ($ in millions) 2014 2013
Performance guarantees 232 149
Financial guarantees 72 77
Indemnification guarantees 50 50
Total 354 276

The carrying amounts of liabilities recorded in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets in respect of the above guarantees were

not significant at December 31, 2014 and 2018, and reflect
our best estimate of future payments, which we may incur

as part of fulfilling our guarantee obligations.

In addition, in the normal course of bidding for and exe-
cuting certain projects, we have entered into standby letters
of credit, bid/performance bonds and surety bonds (collec-
tively “performance bonds”) with various financial institutions.
Customers can draw on such performance bonds in the
event that the Company does not fulfill its contractual obliga-
tions. ABB would then have an obligation to reimburse the
financial institution for amounts paid under the performance
bonds. There have been no significant amounts reimbursed
to financial institutions under these types of arrangements in
2014, 2013 and 2012.

For additional descriptions of our performance, financial
and indemnification guarantees see “Note 15 Commitments
and contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

ABB Annual Report 2014| Financial review of ABB Group 113
