

--- Page 1 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Overview

@ 1.1 Overview

1.1.1

Safran is a leading international high-technology group in the
Aerospace, Defense and Security industries, where it enjoys prime
global or European market positions, either alone or in partnership
with other companies. Safran is constantly seeking to adapt and
reinvent itself to meet the critical technological and economic
challenges of tomorrow.

History

Safran’s roots and its technological and industrial hub are in France
and Europe. From this base, it has extended its footprint to the
American continent, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Oceania.
This presence enables the Group to develop and nurture industrial
and commercial relations with the leading prime contractors and
operators at national level, and to promptly deliver first-class local
service to customers around the world.

Key dates in the Group's history

Safran was created on May 1, 2005 from the merger of Snecma
and Sagem, and is the world's oldest aircraft engine manufacturer.
It has been at the forefront of Aerospace and Defense for more
than a century and is now also a leading name in Security.

1905

Louis and Laurent Seguin found the Société des Moteurs
Gnome in the Paris suburb of Gennevilliers. In just a few
short years, their Gnome rotary engines become the
standard for planes around the world.

1912

Louis Verdet founds the engines company Le Rhéne. Within
two years, Le Rhéne becomes Gnome’s main competitor
and is taken over by its rival to form Société des Moteurs
Gnome & Rhéne. After the First World War, Gnome & Rhéne
becomes one of the world’s leading manufacturers of
aircraft engines.

1924

Marcel Mome creates Société d’Applications Générales
d'Electricité et de Mécanique (Sagem), whose main
business is to supply power to telephone exchanges. A few
years later, Sagem diversifies its business to include the
manufacture of cameras, projectors and artillery equipment.
It also sets up the first ever analog telephone network.
Sagem creates Société d’Application Téléphonique, which
in 1960 becomes Société Anonyme de Télécommunications
(SAT). This company goes on to design the world’s first
infrared guidance system for air-to-air missiles.

1945

After the Second World War, Gnome & Rhéne is nationalized
and renamed Snecma (for Société Nationale d'Etude et de
Construction de Moteurs d’Aviation). It groups together the
majority of French aircraft engine manufacturers launched
since the beginning of the century (Renault, Lorraine,
Régnier, etc.).

@ Source: Safran.
(@ Source: Ascend, wwwascendworldwidecom

10 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

1968

1914

1993

W997

2000

Hispano-Suiza, specializing in power transmission for the
engines of civil and military aircraft and helicopters, joins
Snecma. A few years later, it teams up with Messier to create
Messier-Hispano-Bugatti (MHB) and consolidate all products
relating to landing systems. Messier-Bugatti-Dowty is today
the world’s leading player on this market.

Snecma becomes a civil aircraft engine manufacturer
through a cooperation agreement with General Electric
Aircraft Engines for the manufacture of the CFMS56"
(‘CF" for General Electric's commercial engine line and
“M56" for Snecma’s fifty-sixth project). This engine currently
represents the world’s largest civil aircraft engine fleet®:
an aircraft powered by the CFMS6 takes off every two
seconds®.

Sagem purchases Morpho, a specialist in fingerprint-based
biometric recognition systems. Today, the business is the
world leader in this sector.

Snecma takes full control of Société Européenne de
Propulsion (SEP) and enters the space propulsion market
(Ariane launcher).

Aircraft wiring specialist Labinal joins Snecma and becomes
a leading world player in this market. Labinal helicopter
engine manufacturer subsidiary Turbomeca also joins
Snecma, to continue a technology success story that started
in 1938 with company founder Joseph Szydlowski. Today,
Turbomeca is the world’s premier manufacturer of turbine
engines for helicopters.

Hurel-Dubois merges with the aircraft engine nacelle
business of Hispano-Suiza to become Hurel-Hispano. Three
years later the company is renamed Aircelle. It is currently
one of the key players on the aircraft engine nacelle market.

Safran is formed from the merger of Snecma and Sagem.

Safran strengthens its positions in the Security business
with the acquisition of smartcard specialist Orga
Kartensysteme GmbH.

Safran extends its partnership with General Electric (GE)
in the fields of aerospace propulsion and nacelles through
to 2040. Safran’s Security business acquires Sdu-I in the
Netherlands, renamed Morpho BV.

Safran acquires 81% of GE's Homeland Protection business,
and Motorola's biometrics business (under the Printak
brand, now MorphoTrak). Then in 2012, Safran acquires
the remaining 19% of GE Homeland Protection, renamed
Morpho Detection Inc.

Labinal completes its acquisition of Harvard Custom
Manufacturing - renamed Labinal Salisbury - an American
company based in Salisbury (Maryland).


--- Page 2 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

2011 Safran acquires L-1 Identity Solutions, now MorphoTrust
USA, a leading identity management provider in the US
market, to become a front-line world player in identity
solutions and electronic documents. It also acquires SME
(formerly SNPE Matériaux Energétiques), to be merged with
Snecma Propulsion Solide in 2012 to form Herakles, world
number two in solid propellants for rockets.

2012 In optronics, Safran and Thales form the 50-50 joint venture
Optrolead. The two companies also buy out the Areva stake
to obtain 50% each of Sofradir and transfer their infrared
businesses to this company.

2013 Safran acquires the electrical systems business of Goodrich
(Goodrich Electrical Power Systems - GEPS)

Safran also acquires the 50% interest of Rolls-Royce (UK) in
their joint RTM322 helicopter engine program, to strengthen
its position on the strategic heavy-lift helicopters segment.

Overview

2014 Safran brings all the Group's electrical systems operations

~~ together into a single unit to form a leading world player
in aircraft electrical systems: Labinal Power Systems.
Safran also acquires the aerospace power distribution
management solutions and integrated cockpit solutions
businesses of Eaton Aerospace.

Morpho acquires Dictao, a prominent developer of software
solutions for security and digital trust.

2015 Safran and Airbus Group found a new 50-50 joint venture,

~~ Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL), to support the onset of the
Ariane 6 project that will be providing Europe with a new
family of competitive, versatile, high-performance space
launch vehicles.

Hispano-Suiza and Rolls-Royce found Aero Gearbox
International, a joint venture specializing in design,
development, production and after-sales for accessory
drive trains (ADTS).

1.1.2 Organization and position of the issuer in the Group

Organization

Safran is an industrial group within which each subsidiary directly
manages the operational side of its business activity and takes
responsibility for the internal control system to be implemented
in accordance with Group procedures and internal rules.

The organizational structure is based on:

* a parent company, Safran, the issuer, responsible for the
Group's strategic management, organization and development;

companies handling specific business lines, under strategies
determined by the parent company’s Board of Directors.
Executive Management of the parent company ensures that
the strategic orientations defined for each business line are
implemented and complied with at the operational level.

First-tier entities (shown in section 1.1.3) are responsible for
overseeing the second-tier entities with which they have
operational ties.

Role of the issuer within the Group

Safran is listed in compartment A of the Euronext Paris Eurolist and
is eligible for deferred settlement (see Euronext notice 2005-1865,
of May 11, 2005).

As the Group’s parent company, Safran performs the following
functions for the Group companies:

@ it holds and manages shares in the Group subsidiaries;

it steers and develops the Group, determining: Group
strategy; research and technology (R&T) policy; sales policy;

(Source: Safran.

legal and financial policy; human resources policy; personnel
training, retraining and skills matching by Safran University;
communications; and oversight of operations;

it provides:

= support services on legal, taxation and financial matters,
and in particular:

- centralized cash pooling to govern the terms and
conditions of advances and investments between Safran
and each Group company,

- foreign currency management policy to reduce
uncertainty factors and protect the economic
performance of operating subsidiaries from random
foreign currency fluctuations (mainly USD),

- commodity risk management policy to reduce
uncertainty factors and protect the economic
performance of operating subsidiaries from commodity
price volatility,

= tax consolidation, in jurisdictions such as France
where Safran is liable for the entire income tax charge,
additional income tax contributions and the minimal tax
charge due by the tax group comprising itself and its
tax-consolidated subsidiaries;

= services through Shared Services Centers (SSCs) in the
following areas: payroll administration and management,
recruitment, non-production purchases, materials
purchases, IT, and some transaction accounting (customers,
suppliers and fixed assets).

The list of consolidated companies is presented in section 3.1,
Note 33.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

i


--- Page 3 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Overview

Financial flows between the issuer and Group companies

Safran receives dividends paid by its subsidiaries compliant with applicable regulations.

It receives payment for services provided to Group companies, and invoices them for services provided through the Shared Services

Centers.

1.1.3 Simplified organization chart"

Safran, the issuer, is the parent company of the Group. The simplified organization chart as of December 31, 2015 is as follows:

The list of consolidated companies is presented in section 3.1,
Note 33.

With a view to capitalizing on Safran’s strong brand recognition in
France and worldwide, the Group is rationalizing and simplifying
its brand portfolio, making it clearer and easier to understand.

In 2016, Safran’s first-tier companies will be renamed as follows:
@ Snecma: Safran Aircraft Engines;

¢ Turbomeca: Safran Helicopter Engines;

@ Herakles: Safran Ceramics®;

¢@ Techspace Aero: Safran Aero Boosters;

( First-tier operating companies and listed company.
(2) Less one share held by the French state.
(® Company listed in compartment C of the Euronext Paris Eurolist.

ZX
—
=
AEROSPACE
PROPULSION AIRCRAFT
EQUIPMENT DEFENSE SECURITY
100% 100% MESSIER-BUGATTI- joo % SAGEM DEFENSE [100%
SNECMA m= DOWTY SECURITE MORPHO
100% 100% LABINAL
pF} TURBOMECA =| POWER SYSTEMS®
[100% | HERAKLES =| HISPANO-SUIZA
115%
872% || TECHSPACE AERO 285% AIRCELLE
[952% | TECHNOFAN®

¢ Messier-Bugatti-Dowty: Safran Landing Systems;
¢ Labinal Power Systems: Safran Electrical & Power;
¢ Hispano-Suiza: Safran Transmission Systems;

¢ Aircelle: Safran Nacelles;

¢ Sagem: Safran Electronics & Defense;

¢ Morpho: Safran Identity & Security.

The simplification provides Safran with an opportunity to raise
brand value outside the Group and to advance in the development
of a strong Group-wide culture,

(4) On completion of operations bringing together Airbus Group and Safran activities in space launch vehicles.

12 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 4 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Overview

1.1.4 Main Group companies by business sector

Safran currently operates in three main markets: Aerospace,
Defense and Security. Safran’s Aerospace business breaks down
into Aerospace Propulsion and Aircraft Equipment.

Aerospace Propulsion

Safran's Aerospace Propulsion business covers all activities
(design, production, marketing, testing, maintenance and repair)
relating to propulsion systems for planes, helicopters, missiles and
launch vehicles, in the civil, military and space markets.

SNECMA

Engines for commercial and military aircraft, maintenance, repair
and overhaul (MRO) services. Liquid-propellant rocket propulsion
systems for launch vehicles and plasma propulsion systems for
satellites and space vehicles.

TURBOMECA

Turboshaft engines for civil and military helicopters, auxiliary
power units (APU), starting and propulsion systems for missiles,
target drones and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). Maintenance,
repair and overhaul (MRO) and associated services.

HERAKLES

Solid rocket motors for launchers and missiles, as well as energic
materials, pyrotechnic equipment, thermostructural and organic
composite materials for the aerospace, defense, automobile and
manufacturing industries.

TECHSPACE AERO.

Low-pressure compressors for aircraft engines. Equipment for
aircraft and spacecraft. Test cells and equipment for engine testing.

Aircraft Equipment

Safran’s Aircraft Equipment business covers equipment,
subsystems and services for civil and military aircraft and
helicopters.

MESSIER-BUGATTI-DOWTY

Aircraft landing and braking systems. Control and monitoring
systems. Capabilities covering the entire product cycle, from
design and production to maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO).

(@ Sagem is the trade name of Sagem Défense Sécurité,

LABINAL POWER SYSTEMS

Electrical power systems for the aerospace market, covering all
onboard electrical functions (power generation, distribution and
conversion, wiring, load management, ventilation). Engineering
solutions for the aerospace, automobile and rail industries.

HISPANO-SUIZA

Mechanical power transmission systems for commercial and
military airplane engines and helicopters. Maintenance, repair,
overhaul (MRO) and associated services. Mechanical components
for airplane and helicopter propulsion systems.

AIRCELLE

Complete nacelle systems for aircraft engines, associated support
services, composite materials for aerostructures.

TECHNOFAN

Ventilation equipment for civil and military aircraft. Support and
related services. Company listed in compartment C of the Euronext
Paris Eurolist.

Defense

SAGEM”

Optronics, avionics and navigation systems and equipment,
electronics and critical software for both civil and defense markets,
covering land, sea, air and space applications. A full range of
product support services.

Security

MORPHO

Multi-biometric identification technologies (fingerprint, iris and
face recognition). Identity solutions and digital security. Smart
cards, documents and secure elements. Explosives and narcotics
detection systems. Solutions for road safety. Gaming and betting
terminals.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

13


--- Page 5 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group strategy

@ 12 Group strategy

Safran builds front-line positions on the Aerospace, Defense
and Security markets. In all its business areas, it enjoys wide
recognition for technological excellence serving customers’ critical
applications.

In Aerospace Propulsion, Safran is a leading manufacturer of
aircraft engines, helicopter turbine engines and space engines.
Safran’s extensive portfolio and installed base of products in
service (the CFMS6 engine in particular) offer significant new
vistas for value creation, as do the related service and maintenance
activities. To maintain its positioning, the Group also places a
strong emphasis on development of innovative engine solutions,
as shown from its investments in the following programs:

¢ in short- and medium-haul commercial aviation, CFM
International, a 50-50 joint venture between Safran and GE,
is developing the LEAP engine (successor to the best-selling
CFMS56) that will power the Airbus A320neo (-1A version),
the Boeing 737 MAX (-1B version, exclusive source) and the
COMAC C919 (-IC version, sole Western source);

¢ in long-haul commercial aviation, Safran partners GE on
development of the GE9X engine, chosen as the sole source
for the forthcoming Boeing 777%;

¢ in business aviation, Safran is developing the Silvercrest® engine
selected by Dassault Aviation for its Falcon 5X;

¢ in helicopters, Safran is developing a range of high-power
engines (3,000 shp) for medium-to-heavy-lift helicopters,
following the 2013 acquisition of Rolls-Royce’s share in the
RTM322 program;

in space vehicles, Airbus Safran Launchers is working on
the Ariane 6 launch vehicle engine (PI20C powder booster,
Vuleain 2. and Vinci cryotechnic engines), under an agreement
signed with the European Space Agency in August 2015 on the
initial development phase for Ariane 6.

Safran is also a front-line player in Aircraft Equipment (landing
systems, wheels and brakes, nacelles, power transmission
systems, electrical systems and wiring systems), and in “more
electric” aircraft architectures for aircraft manufacturers and
airline companies. It is preparing technological differentiation in
equipment for the future generation (around 2030) of short- and
medium-haul aircraft. In all its Aerospace business lines, Safran has
developed a very strong customer and operator service capability,
notably through rate-per-flight-hour service contracts that offer
customers guaranteed aircraft availability while improving the
visibility and the recurrence of aftermarket revenues for Safran.

In Defense, Safran harnesses its strong innovative capacity to
assert its leadership in optronics, navigation and avionics, and
to develop full onboard solutions with a view to seizing growth
opportunities in emerging countries.

On the Security market, Safran harnesses world-renowned
experience to meet growing demand for multi-biometric
identification systems, secure document systems (for passports,

14 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

identity cards, etc.), public safety (as with the passenger name
record system, or PNR) and tomographic systems for the
detection of explosives and illicit substances. The Group pursues
development in digital identity systems (bank applications,
strong-authentication secure internet transactions, and cloud
computing) using know-how and technologies derived from
physical identity solutions.

Safran’s development is guided by four main focuses:
@ technological innovation, driving long-term growth;
@ front-line positions in its various businesses;

@ strong positions on high-growth markets;

# consistently sound financial position.

To back its strategy, Safran continues to forge alliances and
long-term partnerships, as with GE on engines for short- and
medium-haul aircraft (partnership dating back to 1974, then
renewed in 2008 through to 2040). The joint venture Airbus
Safran Launchers is a further illustration of this long-term alliance
strategy.

Safran also executes targeted external growth operations, chiefly
to round out its coverage of key technologies and to access new
markets. Following the consolidation of Goodrich Electrical Power
Systems in 2013, the 2014 acquisition of two Eaton Aerospace
businesses broadened the scope of Labinal Power Systems to
cover aircraft electrical distribution and complemented Sagem’s
cockpit solution positioning. The acquisition of Dictao brings
know-how in strong authentication solutions for improved security
of bank transactions. These levers strengthen and accelerate
Safran’s growth.

Safran is pushing ahead with its competitive performance
improvement plan, through development of its industrial facilities
and preparatory work on the Factory of the Future program,
which involves additive manufacturing, digitization/automation
of production processes, industrial Internet of Things, and
maximization of plant running times.

Safran takes up positions on long-term markets on which sustained
demand ensures growth and profitability. Growth opportunities are
found in the strong development potential of emerging countries,
and in mature US and European markets, where aircraft fleets are
under renewal. Safran expects the worldwide fleet to double in
size over the next 20 years. This is the global aerospace market
on which Safran asserts its sustainable growth and profitability
strategy.

Safran’s financial fundamentals are very sound. Robust cash
flow from operations underpins a strong long-term position at
the technological frontline, sustained R&D investments, and an
acquisitions policy geared to short- and medium-term growth.

Safran implements its development strategy in accordance with
strong ethical principles, as set out in its guidelines on Group
values and ethical conduct (see section 5.21).


--- Page 6 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

@ 1.3 Group businesses

1.3.1 Aerospace Propulsion

The Aerospace Propulsion business operates in three fields:

1.3.1.1 Aircraft and liquid-propellant engines

AIRCRAFT AND LIQUID-PROPELLANT ENGINES
CIVIL AIRCRAFT ENGINES

Civil aircraft engines

Business jets
Regional jets
Short- and long-haul aircraft

Long-haul aircraft

HELICOPTER TURBINE ENGINES

Turbine engines
for helicopters

Light helicopters
Medium-weight helicopters

Heavy-lift helicopters

Military industry

Ballistic missiles
Tactical missiles and targets

ECONOMIC LIFECYCLE OF AN AIRCRAFT ENGINE"

Entry into service
and first deliveries

Development
and testing

( For illustrative purposes only.

Key characteristics of the business sector

The civil aviation sector comprises four main segments:

business jets powered with engines delivering between 5,000
Military aircraft engines Fighters and 18,000 pounds of thrust;
Training and support aircraft @ regional jets (30 to 100 seats) powered by engines delivering
Patrol, tanker and transport between 8,000 and 18,000 pounds of thrust;
aircraft
_ ;  short- and medium-haul aircraft with 100 to 200 seats, powered
Liquid-propellant and Launch vehicles by engines delivering between 18,500 and 50,000 pounds of
plasma-propulsion engines _ and satellites thrust;
* high capacity long-haul aircraft with a twin-aisle fuselage,

powered by engines delivering over 50,000 pounds of thrust
(currently up to 115,000 pounds).

In response to aircraft manufacturer requirements for specific
engines for each of these business sectors, engine manufacturers
invest in civil engine programs comprising two types of activity

Series production
(installed base)

SOLID-PROPELLANT ENGINES ¢@ original equipment activity, involving the sale of engines
- installed on new aircraft;
Civil space industry Launch vehicles
service activity, comprising the sale of spare parts and service

contracts entered into on a case-by-case or long-term basis
with operators and approved maintenance centers.

After-sales, spare parts
and services, including
long-term contracts

40 years +

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 7 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

These programs may span more than 40 years and have several
phases. A significant portion of revenue generated by these
programs comes from support services.

Addressing operators’ expectations on this market, there is a
growing tendency to offer long-term rate-per-flight-hour service
contracts. This improves visibility for customers and offers engine
manufacturers a better guarantee of revenues and a smoother
cash profile throughout the engine lifecycle.

There are four major engine manufacturers in the sector that
can act as prime contractors: GE (US), Rolls-Royce (UK),
Pratt & Whitney (US) and Safran.

In the industry, the US dollar is used almost exclusively as the
transaction currency.

Alliances and partnerships

Because of the very substantial investment involved in new engine
programs, Safran often works in partnership with other engine
manufacturers.

Partnerships may take the form of joint ventures, as with GE and
NPO Saturn (Russia).

They can also be based on contractual risk-and-revenue-sharing
agreements, under which Safran receives a share of sales revenue
for the final delivered product, corresponding to its share in
the program. The GE90 program is an example of this kind of
arrangement.

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the civil aircraft engines segment mainly
involve Snecma and Techspace Aero.

Low-thrust engines for civil aircraft

This engine family powers regional transport jets and business jets.

Safran is the prime contractor for the SaM146 program, in
partnership with the Russian engine manufacturer, NPO Saturn.
The SaM146 is the sole engine for the Superjet 100, the 70- to
95-seater aircraft made by Russian manufacturer Sukhoi.

Safran also invests in engines for business jets through its Silvercrest
program, in the category of engines delivering 10,000 pounds of
thrust. This engine has been selected by Dassault Aviation for its
Falcon 5X.

The Group also operates in this engine range through the
participation of Techspace Aero in the following GE programs:

@ CF34-10 (Embraer 190 and COMAC ARJ 21 regional jets);

¢ Passport (Bombardier Global 7000 business jet).

@ Source: Safran.

16 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Medium-thrust engines for civil aircraft

The CFMS56 engine program (including spare parts, maintenance
and repair sales) generates around 50% of Safran’s Aerospace
Propulsion revenue. This engine is developed under equitable
joint cooperation agreements by CFM International, a 50-50 joint
venture between Safran and GE.

The majority of short- and medium-haul aircraft with more
than 100 seats delivered over the last 20 years are powered by
CFMS6 engines. These engines power 57% of the Airbus A320ceo
(current engine option) range. Competition to power the Airbus
range comes from the V2500 engine made by the IAE consortium
(Pratt & Whitney, MTU Aero Engines and Japanese Aero Engines
Corp).

The current generation of the Boeing 737 NG, like the previous
version (Classic), is powered solely by CFMS6 engines.

The success of this program with airlines has led to a steady rise
in the fleet of CFM56 engines delivered over the past 30 years.
This engine currently represents the world’s largest engine fleet;
just under 29,000 units have been delivered and some 27,700
are in operation.

CFM International is in the final stages of developing a new
generation of engine called LEAP, which should achieve a
significant reduction in fuel consumption and CO, emissions in
comparison with the best CFM56 engines currently in service.
The new engine will also significantly reduce nitrogen oxide
emissions and noise levels, with no compromise on the reliability
or competitive cost of ownership of CFMS56 engines.

The LEAP* engine has so far been selected for use on three aircraft:

@ the LEAP*-1A version is one of the two engine options for the
new Airbus A320neo (new engine option), the other being the
PurePower PW1000G developed by Pratt & Whitney;

@ the LEAP*-1B version is the sole source for the new Boeing
737 MAX;

# the LEAP®-IC version is the sole Western source for the
propulsion system (engine plus nacelle) on China-based
COMAC's C919 aircraft.

The highly innovative LEAP engine is also a resounding market
success, with more than 10,000 purchase intention and firm
order agreements signed by January 2016. The release of the
new engine has been staggered across three phases in line with
aircraft manufacturers’ schedules: 2016 for the LEAP-1A (on the
Airbus A320neo), 2017 for the LEAP-IB (on the Boeing 737 MAX)
and 2018 for the LEAP-IC (on the COMAC C919).


--- Page 8 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

TOTAL DELIVERIES OF CFM56 ENGINES

1981 1983-1985 198719891991. «-1993. 1995-1997

High-thrust engines for civil aircraft

The Group operates in this engine range as a risk and revenue
sharing partner, primarily with GE. Participation rates vary between
7% and 24% across several engine programs in series production,
including the CF6 powering the A330 (19.4%) and the Boeing 767
(10%), and the GE9O powering the Boeing 777 (23.7%). Safran is
a partner on the GEnx engine program: 7.7% for the 1B version
powering the Boeing 787 Dreamliner long-haul aircraft and 7.3% for
the 2B version powering the Boeing 747-8. Safran also partners GE,
at just over 11%, on the program for the forthcoming GE9X engine,
the sole source for Boeing's new 777X long-haul aircraft. Finally,
as part of its cooperative arrangements with the Engine Alliance
consortium partners (GE, Pratt & Whitney, MTU Aero Engines),
Safran has a 17.5% stake in the GP7200 engine which powers
the A380.

1999

Group businesses

Number
of engines

Average age
of fleet 14 years

30,000
28,000
26,000
24,000
22,000
20,000
18,000
16,000
14,000
12,000
10,000

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

0

2001 2003 «2005 «= 2007 «2009-2011 2013-2015

Spare parts and services for civil aircraft engines

After-sales operations primarily involve the sale of spare parts and
the provision of maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services.
They hold significant growth potential for the Group, owing to the
size and lifespan of the aircraft fleets concerned.

For several years the Group has been developing long-term service
contracts for CFMS56 engines with airlines and major maintenance
workshops to assert its position on this highly competitive market.
Each CFM56 engine is removed for inspection and servicing in a
maintenance workshop three to five times during its service life.
Sales of spare parts for the fleet of CFMS6 engines in service will
continue to increase even after production of this engine has been
discontinued.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

7


--- Page 9 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

For the new-generation LEAP engines, scheduled to come into
service from 2016, long-term revenue may be generated by spare
parts provision or service contracts signed at the same time as the
OEM purchase intention and firm order agreements.

On other civil aircraft engine programs, including those for
high-thrust engines in which Safran holds a minority stake
alongside GE, the Group also benefits from revenue from spare
parts and service contract sales.

MILITARY AIRCRAFT ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector

The military aviation sector comprises three main segments:
fighters;

training and support aircraft;

patrol, tanker and transport aircraft.

The military aircraft engine and related services market is
dependent on the budgets of customer air forces. The military
market is also influenced by national independence and diplomatic
considerations.

The nature and performance of engines vary considerably
depending on the segment: jet engines with a high thrust-to-weight
ratio for fighters, and jet engines or turboprops closer to those
found in civil aircraft for training and patrol aircraft.

As in the civil aviation sector, military engine programs generally
involve two types of activities, namely original equipment and
after-sales service, the latter comprising the sale of spare parts,
maintenance and repair activities, as well as other customer
services.

Alliances and partnerships between engine manufacturers
have been forged to bring together the best technological and
commercial assets, pool risks, and meet the needs of pan-European
programs.

The majority of civil engine manufacturers are active in military
aircraft engines and benefit from the technical synergies that exist
between the two activities.

The key Western players in the fighter jet engine sector, apart
from Safran, are North American and British: Pratt & Whitney, GE
and Rolls-Royce.

The main European players are: Safran, whose M53 engine
powers the Mirage 2000 and whose M88 engine equips the
Rafale; Rolls-Royce, whose Pegasus engine powers the Harrier;
and the European Turbo-Union consortium comprising Rolls-
Royce (UK), MTU Aero Engines (Germany) and Avio (Italy), for
the RB199 engine powering the Tornado fighter. In addition, the
European Eurojet consortium, comprising Rolls-Royce, MTU
Aero Engines (Germany), Avio (Italy) and Industria de Turbo
Propulsores - ITP (Spain), develops the EJ200 engine that powers
the Eurofighter Typhoon.

The choice of engines in the training and support aircraft sector
consists mainly of those made by Safran (the Larzac, which powers
the Alpha Jet, and the Adour in cooperation with Rolls-Royce),
Pratt & Whitney (PW500 and PW300) and Honeywell (TFE731
and F124 engine families).

In the engine segment for military tanker, transport and
patrol aircraft, the fleet is primarily made up of the T56 and
AE2100 turboprops developed by Rolls-Royce North America

18 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

(formerly Allison) and the Tyne engines developed by Rolls-Royce
and made under license by Tyne Consortium (Snecma 52%,
MTU Aero Engines 28% and Rolls-Royce 20%). Safran is also
involved in the program for the TP400 engine powering the
400M European military transport aircraft, with a 32% stake in
the Europrop International GmbH (EPI) consortium, which also
includes Rolls-Royce, Industria de Turbo Propulsores - ITP and
MTU Aero Engines.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the military aircraft engines segment mainly
involve Snecma, Turbomeca and Techspace Aero.

Fighter engines

Historically tied to Dassault Aviation, activity in this segment is
based mainly around the following programs:

@ the Atar engine (4.5 to 7:1 metric tons of thrust), which powers
the Super-Etendard Marine jets and the Mirage Ill, IV, 5, Fl
and 50 family. A total of 410 engines remain in service with
6 customers;

@ the M53 engine (9.5 metric tons of thrust), which powers the
Mirage 2000. There are 578 of these engines in service with
8 customers;

@ the M88 engine (7.5 metric tons of thrust), which powers
the Rafale. There are 350 of these engines in service with
2 customers.

Training and support aircraft engines
Activity in this segment is based on the following programs

@ the Larzac engine (1.4 metric tons of thrust), which powers
Dassault Aviation’s Alpha Jet training aircraft. At the end of
2015, there were 484 engines in service with 7 customers;

@ the Adour engine, which delivers thrust of 3.7 metric tons
(with afterburner) or 2.9 metric tons (without afterburner).
Made in cooperation with Rolls-Royce, it powers support and
attack aircraft such as the Jaguar aircraft produced by Dassault
Aviation and BAe Systems, and training aircraft such as the
Hawk produced by BAe Systems and the Goshawk T-45A
produced by Boeing. There are currently 1,100 Adour engines
in service.

Patrol, tanker and transport aircraft engines
Activity in this segment is based on the following programs

@ the CFMS6 engine powering military versions of the Boeing 707
(CFM56-2), the KC135 tanker aircraft and the Boeing 737
(CFMS56-7), the C-40 transport aircraft, the P-8 Poseidon MMA
(Multimission Maritime Aircraft), and the AEW&C (Airborne
Early Warning & Control) aircraft;

@ the 4,550 kW Tyne turboprop engine, developed by Rolls-Royce
and manufactured under license by Tyne Consortium. This
engine powers C-160 Transall transport aircraft and Breguet
Atlantic and Atlantique 2 maritime patrol aircraft. Series
production of this program has ceased but it continues to
generate revenue through spare parts and repairs;

@ the 8,203 kW TP400 turboprop engine powering the Airbus
A400M European military transport aircraft, with 90 engines
in service.


--- Page 10 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Spare parts and services for military aircraft engines

After-sales operations for military aircraft primarily involve
the sale of spare parts and repair services. These activities are
directly linked to the aircraft availability needs of governments
using military aircraft. Two programs account for the bulk of
these military aircraft service operations today: Mirage 2000
(M53 engine); and Rafale (M88 engine). The Group also continues
to provide services for older aircraft fleets, to meet the needs
expressed by customers.

Because of the extreme operating conditions involved, military
aircraft engines are usually serviced before they reach 1,000 hours
in flight. One of Safran’s constant development objectives is to
lengthen the interval between servicing visits. The Group has
developed a new version of the engine that powers the Rafale,
the M88 Pack CGP, helping to maintain the aircraft in optimal
operating condition. Hot parts and rotating parts have a longer
service life, lengthening inspection intervals for the main engine
modules and considerably reducing the M88 cost of ownership.
Most governments currently delegate the management of their
spare parts to the engine manufacturer.

LIQUID-PROPELLANT AND PLASMA-PROPULSION
ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector

This business sector comprises launch vehicle propulsion systems
and satellite engines.

Two types of technology are involved: liquid-propellant rocket
engines and electric thrusters (known as plasma thrusters).

To boost competitive performance and safeguard the future of
the European space sector, faced with increasing international
competition, Safran and Airbus Group joined forces in the space
launch vehicle sector in 2015 through the Airbus Safran Launchers
(ASL) joint venture. Airbus Safran Launchers now handles the
management of Safran and Airbus Group civil space programs,
and brings together some of the partners’ shares in commercial
launch vehicle operations. In the long term, there are plans to
provide Airbus Safran Launchers with the assets and resources
needed to run civil launch vehicle and military launcher (strategic
missile) projects as an autonomous unit.

The main players on the liquid-propellant engine market are Safran,
Aerojet Rocketdyne (US), NPO Energomash (Russia), Space X (US)
and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (Japan).

The main players on the electric (plasma) thruster market, besides
Safran, are OKB Fakel (Russia) and Aerojet Rocketdyne (US).

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the liquid-propellant engine segment mainly
involve Snecma:

series production, with manufacture of the Vulcain 2 cryogenic
engine delivering 135 metric tons of thrust to power the main
stage of the ES and ECA versions of Ariane 5, and manufacture
of the HM7 cryogenic engine delivering 7 metric tons of thrust
to power the upper stage of the Ariane 5 ECA rocket;

Group businesses

¢ development activities, with the Vulcain 2.1 upgrade for the
Ariane 6 main stage and the new Vinci restartable cryogenic
engine, delivering 18 metric tons of thrust, selected for the
upper stage of the new-generation Ariane 6 launch vehicle.

Safran has been developing, integrating, testing and marketing
plasma thrusters and plasma propulsion systems with power
ratings from 300 W to 20 kW for satellites and space exploration
probes for more than 30 years.

Plasma propulsion systems have a considerable advantage over
traditional chemical propulsion systems as regards take-off
mass. They can be found on the telecommunication platforms
Eurostar 3000 EOR (Airbus Defence and Space), Alphabus (Thales
Alenia Space and Airbus Defence and Space), Spacebus (Thales
Alenia Space) and Small Geo (OHB - Orbitale Hochtechnologie
Bremen, Germany). In 2015, Safran plasma thrusters were selected
for the telecommunication platforms of Space Systems/Loral (US).

1.3.1.2. Helicopter turbine engines
——— and auxiliary power units

Key characteristics of the business sector

The helicopter turbine engine market is characterized by
significant diversity in applications and end-users. With the
exception of armed forces and certain specific civil applications,
current helicopter fleets are small in size.

Helicopter engine size is determined mainly by airframe weight
and mission type. Helicopters may have one, two or sometimes
three engines.

The Group serves:

government and parapublic applications: police, border control,
medical and emergency services;

civil applications: off-shore oil industry, transportation, tourism
and private ownership, and airborne work such as spraying
and construction;

¢ military applications: transport, attack and ground support,
maritime patrol.

This diversity, coupled with the fact that engines are tightly
integrated into the helicopter airframe, gives rise to a wide variety
of engines and associated versions.

The helicopter engine market, like the civil aviation market,
comprises two activities:

@ sale of turbine engines to helicopter manufacturers for
installation in new airframes (original equipment);

after-sales activities based on spare part, maintenance and
repair contracts with operators, requiring a major global
customer support network with local reach, given the large
number of users and the helicopter’s limited radius of action.

The profile of a helicopter turbine engine program is extremely
similar to that of a civil aircraft engine program as presented earlier
in the section

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

19


--- Page 11 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

The airframe/engine pairing is often unique and at the origin of
a new model. However, there is a trend toward multiple engine
sizes among some helicopter manufacturers (offering a choice
between two engines). This can also be seen where a helicopter is
adapted for a specific purpose, thereby reintroducing competition
to a given program.

There are fewer partnerships between engine manufacturers than
in the civil aviation engine sector. The main partnership is MTRI
(MTU Aero Engines, Turbomeca, Rolls-Royce and Industria de
Turbo Propulsores - ITP), on the 1,450 shp® MTR390-E engine
powering the Tiger. The growth of the helicopter market in
emerging markets has also led Safran to develop other types of
partnerships with consortiums of helicopter manufacturers looking
to enter the propulsion sector. This is the case with HAL (Hindustan
Aeronautics Ltd.) in India and AVIC in China, which are becoming
both customers and partners.

The majority of major Western aircraft manufacturer groups are
also present in the helicopter turbine engine market: Safran, GE,
Pratt & Whitney Canada, Rolls-Royce and Honeywell.

Safran has also developed a range of auxiliary power units, based
on turbine technology and featuring innovations developed
through substantial technological investment and strategic
partnerships.

MARKET SHARE: SALES OF HELICOPTER ENGINES, 2011-2015”

9
3% Other
Honeywell
g 26%
Safran
Rolls-Royce
15%
Klimov
and Motor Sich 20%
Pratt & Whitney
18% Canada
GE

Group products and programs

Most of Safran’s helicopter engines are modular turbine units
adaptable to civil and military helicopters. Modularity makes for
more efficient maintenance programs. Safran helicopter engines
are designed with a large additional power potential (up to
15%), which means they address a broad application spectrum.
Through Turbomeca, Safran is active in all of the helicopter engine
categories described below.

Auxiliary power units are non-propulsive systems that generate
energy on an aircraft for powering on-board systems. Safran fields
a range of auxiliary power units through Microturbo.

(_shp: shaft horsepower.
(2) Source: Safran.

20 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Turbine engines for light helicopters

For single- and twin-engine light helicopters, Safran offers two
types of engine: Arrius and Arriel.

These engines and their derivatives power many civil helicopters,
from Airbus Helicopters (EC120, EC135, Ecureuil, EC145, Dauphin,
etc.), Sikorsky (S76) and Kamov (Ka-226T), along with the military
versions of helicopters from Airbus Helicopters (Fennec, Lakota
and Panther), AgustaWestland (A109 Power) and AVIC (Z9).

In December 2015, the latest variant of the Arrius engine -
Arrius 2R - obtained certification from the European Aviation
Safety Agency (EASA). This engine, set to come into service
in 2016, was selected by Bell Helicopter (US) to power its new
Bell 505 Jet Ranger X helicopter. It marks the successful outcome
of the first long-term partnership between Safran and Bell
Helicopter.

Turbine engines for medium-weight helicopters

For single-engine helicopters from 2 to 3 metric tons and
twin-engine helicopters from 4 to 6 metric tons, Safran designed
the Arrano, a new engine delivering 1,100 to 1,300 shp. It will
consume 10% to 15% less fuel than other engines in service today,
meaning enhanced performance (range, payload) and a smaller
environmental footprint. Airbus Helicopters selected the Arrano
as the sole source for its new twin-engine HI60 helicopter (5.5 to
6 metric tons).

For helicopters from 5 to 7 metric tons, Safran is present on
the military market for combat helicopters, with the MTR390
(developed jointly with Rolls-Royce and MTU) that powers the
Airbus Helicopters Tiger, and the TM333 engine that powers HAL's
Dhruv. A special development contract has been signed with Spain
(including ITP as an additional engine partner) for a more powerful
version of the MTR390 for the Tiger.

For helicopters from 5 to 8 metric tons, Safran’s Ardiden range
of engines covers power ratings from 1,400 to 2,000 shp. The
Ardiden 1H1/Shakti powers the Dhruv and twin-engine light
combat helicopters (LCHs) from Indian helicopter manufacturer
HAL. HAL selected the Ardiden 1U variant to power its forthcoming
light utility helicopters (LUHs). The Ardiden 3 currently under
development is designed for helicopters of up to 8 metric tons, and
has already won orders from AVIC in China (for the AC352/Z-15)
and Kamov in Russia (for the Ka-62)

Turbine engines for heavy-lift helicopters

On the heavy-lift helicopters market, Makila turbine engines
from 1,800 to 2,100 shp are used on helicopters including the
H 225/225M and Super Puma from Airbus Helicopters.

The RTM322 turbine engine powers the NHindustries NH9O
helicopter and the AgustaWestland AWI01 Merlin helicopter and
Apache UK fighter helicopter.

In line with its investment and development policy on new engines
in the high-power helicopter turbine engines segment (3,000 shp
and above), Safran acquired Rolls-Royce’s 50% share in the joint
RTM322 engine program in 2013. Safran thus assumes global
responsibility for design, production, product support and services
for the RTM322 engine.


--- Page 12 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Spare parts and services for helicopter turbine engines

Following the example of its civil aviation activities, Safran has
developed an international structure able to provide customers
with local access to technical and sales support for their turbine
engines, along with spare parts and services. Local coverage
is provided through a worldwide network of repair centers
(performing in-depth maintenance) and service centers.

Auxiliary power units

The auxiliary power units developed by Safran meet the demanding
requirements of the world’s leading aircraft and helicopter
manufacturers. Safran supplies a large fleet of civil and military
aircraft and helicopters, including Alenia Aermacchi’s M-346,
Dassault Aviation’s Rafale, BAe Systems’ Hawk, NHindustries’
NH90 and Airbus Helicopters’ EC725. Safran auxiliary power units
will also power future business jets from Dassault Aviation (the
Falcon 5X) and Bombardier (the Global 7000).

Safran has developed a new auxiliary power unit, the e-APU,
specially designed and optimized to meet the needs of
new-generation business jets and “more electric” helicopters.
This system is used on AgustaWestland’s new-generation AW189
helicopter.

Safran also provides after-sales support for these high-technology
systems.

1.3.1.3 Solid-propellant engines

Key characteristics of the business sector
This business sector comprises two main segments:

@ the civil space industry, comprising launch vehicle propulsion
to place satellites in orbit as well as satellite engines;

@ the military industry, comprising propulsion for all types of
ballistic and tactical missiles.

In the military sector, ballistic missiles are an essential component
of national nuclear deterrent forces for countries possessing this
capability. With the exception of the United Kingdom, production
is entrusted to national manufacturers. In Western Europe, France
is the only country to develop its own ballistic missiles.

In both the civil and military segments, engine manufacturers
work closely with the launch vehicle or missile prime contractor.
Development and engineering programs tend to be long and
financed by institutional budgets, such as the European Space
Agency (ESA) for civil space activities in Europe or national
defense budgets for strategic operations. Tactical missile

(@ MICA: interception, combat and self-defense missile.
(2) AASM: Modular Air-to-Ground Weapon.

Group businesses

development is also financed by customer governments. Series
production activities generally involve limited quantities and fixed
costs are high.

It is planned for all these activities to come under the responsibility
of the new joint venture, Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL).

The main players on this market, besides Safran, are Aerojet
Rocketdyne (US) and Orbital ATK (US).

Group products and programs

Safran addresses the civil and military space segments through
Herakles.

Civil space propulsion
This segment features the following activities:

* series production, with the manufacture of powder
boosters (solid-propellant engines) for Ariane 5 boosters.
Europropulsion, which assembles the engines, and Regulus,
which produces the propellants, were joint ventures between
Safran and Avio (Italy). Safran also contributes to the European
Vega program, in which it is notably responsible for the
nozzle on the P80 solid-propellant engine. Safran’s shares in
Europropulsion and Regulus were brought under the new joint
venture ASL in January 2015;

¢ development activities, with the development and production
of nozzles in advanced composite materials for US space
engines. Safran is also responsible for preliminary design
studies on the P120C solid propulsion engines common to the
future Ariane 6 and Vega-C launch vehicles.

Ballistic missile propulsion

Safran provides rocket engines for the missiles of France's
ocean-going strategic nuclear force, in particular for the
fourth-generation program (MSI).

Tactical missile and target propulsion

Safran provides engines for MBDA very-short-range ground-to-air
Mistral missiles, and Apache and Scalp long-range air-to-ground
missiles, as well as their Storm Shadow derivatives. It also supplies
components for the production of SM-3 interceptor missiles,
developed by the American company Raytheon for US missile
defense programs.

Through Roxel, a 50-50 joint venture with MBDA, Safran has
developed and assembled a substantial range of engines for
tactical missiles of international renown (including Milan, MICA®,
AASM®, Exocet, Aster and Meteor).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

21


--- Page 13 ---

22

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

1.3.2 Aircraft Equipment

Safran’s Aircraft Equipment business operates in three sectors:

LANDING AND BRAKING SYSTEMS
Landing gear

Wheels and brakes

Landing and braking systems

Support services for landing gear, wheels and brakes and
related systems

ENGINE SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT
Nacelles and thrust reversers

Power transmissions

ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS AND ENGINEERING
Wiring and electrical connection systems

Electricity distribution and generation

Engineering

This business covers design, manufacture and sale of various
products, plus maintenance, repair, related services and sale of
spare parts.

The Group enjoys leading positions in each of its sectors in recent
and prospective major short-, medium- and long-haul commercial
aircraft programs by Boeing (787, 777X and 737 MAX), Airbus
(A350, A330neo and A320neo) and COMAC (C919).

Thanks to its technological expertise in a large number of aircraft
equipment sectors, the Group is a preferred partner of aircraft
manufacturers and is able to offer a comprehensive range of
products and services. Safran is notably the sole comprehensive
“ATA 32" supplier (landing gear + brakes + systems).

Safran’s substantial capacity for innovation has enabled it to carve
out either leading or major positions in its markets. Competitors
such as UTC Aerospace Systems (US) and Honeywell are present in
several sectors of the aircraft equipment market, whereas Liebherr
(Germany), Spirit (US), Moog (US), Zodiac (France), Thales
(France), Meggitt (UK), Avio Aero (Italy), LATelec (France) and
Fokker (Netherlands) specialize in only one or two specific sectors.

Adopting a less systematic approach than in the Aerospace
Propulsion business, Safran has formed a number of alliances and
partnerships in the Aircraft Equipment sector, on an individual
product and program basis.

Market characteristics are outlined individually below, for each
business area.

@ Source: Safran.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

1.3.2.1. Landing and braking systems

This business comprises three main product lines: landing gear,
wheels and brakes, and landing/braking systems.

Safran merged its wheels and brakes, landing and braking systems,
landing gear, and maintenance and repair businesses within
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty. This organization is in response to market
shifts toward more tightly integrated offerings addressing both
aircraft manufacturers and airlines.

LANDING GEAR

Key characteristics of the business sector

The market for commercial aircraft landing gear is shared by
Safran, UTC Aerospace Systems, Liebherr, Héroux-Devtek (Canada)
and a handful of niche players positioned in specific market
segments (business jets, helicopters, drones, etc.). Technology
requirements are high, as landing gear must bear extreme loads
during maneuvers on the ground: it must be light, compact and
robust, while being fully adapted to and optimized for the aircraft's
profile. The business model includes a long development period -
which starts with the initial aircraft development phase - limited
production volumes and regular service flows. Technological
challenges include the use of new materials to improve the
resistance and mass of parts, new, more eco-friendly production
processes (including the elimination of chrome), and enhanced
acoustics.

Group products and programs

Safran addresses the landing gear segment through
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty, which holds around half the market
for commercial aircraft landing gear.

Safran designs, manufactures and provides after-sales services
for landing gear for civil and military planes and helicopters of
all sizes. It also handles integrated systems if requested by the
customer, and provides the technical assistance, spare parts and
repair services needed for its equipment.

Safran is number one worldwide” for landing gear structural
units, having equipped a fleet of some 26,000 aircraft. The Group
supplies the world’s major aircraft manufacturers (including Airbus,
Boeing, Bombardier and Dassault Aviation) and military and civil
operators. Among the main commercial aircraft programs are
the entire Airbus range, including the A350, and Boeing's 787
Dreamliner.

The Group also has a strong presence in military applications,
where it equips the A400M, Rafale, Eurofighter Typhoon, F18 and
V22 planes and helicopters from Airbus Helicopters, as well as
in the business jet and regional jet markets (ATR, Bombardier,
Dassault Aviation - Falcon, SuperJet 100, Fokker, Piaggio, etc.)


--- Page 14 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

WHEELS AND BRAKES.

Key characteristics of the business sector

The present-day wheels and brakes market for commercial aircraft
with 100 or more seats splits into two segments: aircraft with
steel brakes (first-generation brakes), which account for 24%”
of commercial aircraft of 100 or more seats, and aircraft with
carbon brakes, invented by Safran, which account for 76%". The
market for carbon brakes has developed rapidly since the 1980s,
with the increase in air traffic and the gradual phase-out of steel
brakes, replaced by carbon units. The wheels and brakes market
is currently shared among four major global players: Safran, UTC
Aerospace Systems, Honeywell and Meggitt.

Group products and programs

Safran designs and manufactures wheels and carbon brakes for
aircraft, and provides related after-sales services. It also provides
electronic and electrohydraulic systems for aircraft braking, tire/
brake/landing gear monitoring and landing gear steering systems.

The Group's wheels and brakes offering covers civil applications
(on the A320ceo, A330/A340, Boeing 767 and Boeing 777) and
the military sector (for the A400M, Rafale, KC135 refueler and C-17
and KC-390 transport aircraft). Recent contract wins for the A350,
the A320neo range, the Boeing 737 NG, the Boeing 737 MAX and
the Boeing 787 have bolstered its position as leader in this sector.

With almost 7,500 aircraft fitted with Safran wheels and carbon
brakes, the Group holds more than half of the market® for aircraft
having over 100 seats and fitted with carbon brakes. Given the
size of the fleet equipped by Safran, 41% of which is less than five
years old, the business model underpinning this activity offers
the promise of strong revenue streams, since Safran is basically
remunerated each time a plane equipped with its systems lands.

To address strong market growth in the Asia-Pacific region, Safran
has set up a new facility in Malaysia, making and reconditioning
carbon brakes

EGTs™

In 2012, Safran and Honeywell formed the EGTS International joint
venture to develop and offer airline companies an electric taxiing
system (EGTS) enabling the aircraft to taxi without airport towing
services and without using the aircraft engines.

Activities to promote the new system proceeded throughout the
year.

LANDING AND BRAKING SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

This market includes braking systems, orientation systems, landing
gear and door extension/retraction systems, and monitoring
systems. The main players are Safran and the US companies,
UTC Aerospace Systems, GE Aviation Systems and Crane
Aerospace & Electronics.

(Source: Safran.

Group businesses

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the landing and braking system segment
mainly involve Messier-Bugatti-Dowty. Customers include Airbus,
for alll its programs, Boeing for the 747-8, Embraer for its KC-390
military program, Gulfstream for its G650 program and Dassault
Aviation for its Falcon (7X, 2000 and 900) and Rafale programs.

In the landing and braking electronic control systems segment,
Safran’s position is buoyed by its technological advance in electric
braking and its ability to propose a comprehensive offering to
customers, which encompasses landing gear, wheels and brakes,
and associated control systems.

Services for landing gear, wheels and brakes and related systems

Safran provides maintenance services for its own products and
for competitor products on commercial aircraft with more than
100 seats. Through its partnerships in Asia, the US and France,
the Group offers solutions tailored to regional and business jets.

To provide maintenance services for landing gear and landing and
braking systems, Safran has developed regional repair centers in
Mexico, the UK, France, Singapore and the US. Some of these
repair centers are managed as joint ventures with partners such
as ST Aero and Dassault Aviation Falcon Jet.

1.3.2.2 Engine systems and equipment

NACELLES AND THRUST REVERSERS.

Key characteristics of the business sector

The nacelle is a complex piece of equipment which optimizes
internal and external engine airflows, helps reduce noise and
incorporates safety components. It is made up of an air inlet, a
fairing, a thrust reverser and a nozzle. The thrust reverser, which
reverses the engine's thrust to help brake the aircraft, represents
more than half the value of the nacelle.

Nacelle research requires specific technical expertise in areas
such as achieving acoustic, aerodynamic, thermal and mechanical
performance through the intensive use of composite material
and titanium technologies. Specifications vary with engine
power and location (under the wings for airliners and regional
jets, or at the rear of the fuselage for business jets). Along with
its nacelle subassembly design and technical expertise, Safran
has also developed know-how in nacelle-engine integration and
interfacing with the aircraft manufacturer's engine pylon. Safran’s
main competitor on this market is UTC Aerospace Systems, the
world number one.

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the nacelle and thrust reversers sector through
the activities of Aircelle.

Safran ranks number two worldwide with a market share of more
than 20%. One characteristic of the world nacelles market is the
large number of second-line players.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

23


--- Page 15 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

Safran designs and manufactures nacelles, and provides related
after-sales services. In the segment of nacelles for commercial
aircraft with more than 100 seats, Safran enjoys strong,
long-standing recognition for the manufacture of complete
nacelle systems and large thrust reversers for the Airbus A320ceo,
A320ne0, A330, A33Oneo and A380 platforms. Boeing selected
Safran to supply titanium exhaust systems for the 777X. Safran
also supplies nacelles for regional jets (Sukhoi Superjet 100,
Embraer 170) and is a leading supplier of nacelles for top-end
business jets (Dassault Aviation, Gulfstream, Bombardier, Cessna,
Embraer), with a market share of more than 30%.

Aircelle is working in partnership with a GE subsidiary, Middle
River Aircraft Systems (MRAS), on the development of the nacelle
for the Airbus A320neo version powered by the CFM LEAP-1A.
Furthermore, Nexcelle, an alliance entered into with GE in 2009
through its subsidiary MRAS, is completing the development of
the COMAC C919 nacelle as part of the CFM LEAP-IC “integrated
propulsion system” package. This contract comes with an industrial
cooperation agreement between Safran and the Chinese group
AVIC. Nexcelle has also been selected by GE to supply the nacelle
for its Passport engine on Bombardier Global 7000 business jets.

Services for nacelles and thrust reversers

Safran offers operators service solutions through its Customer
Support and Service Development Division (CSSD), generating
revenue in spare parts, services, repair and maintenance.

MECHANICAL POWER TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

The mechanical power transmission market covers a range of
applications, the main ones being accessory gearboxes (which
deliver mechanical energy to engine accessories), reduction drives
(which transfer power to the propeller blades on turboprop aircraft
and are also used in turbofan engines with very high bypass ratios),
and main transmission gearboxes (which transfer power to the
blades on helicopters). The main players on this market are the
engine and helicopter manufacturers themselves, along with
equipment suppliers such as the UTC Aerospace Systems group,
GE, KHI (Japan), Triumph (US) and Northstar (US).

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the mechanical power transmission sector
involve Hispano-Suiza.

Safran designs, manufactures, markets and maintains a wide range
of mechanical power transmission systems for civil and military
aircraft engines. Recognized technical expertise in mechanical
power transmission systems is harnessed to develop applications
for the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers and for Airbus
Helicopters.

In 2015, Safran and Rolls-Royce formed Aero Gearbox International,
a 50-50 joint venture specializing in power transmission systems.
This new company strengthens Safran’s position among the
leaders in this sector.

@ Source: Safran.

24 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

1.3.2.3. Electrical systems and engineering

The gradual shift toward more electric aircraft systems is a priority
for aircraft manufacturers. As electrical systems begin to phase out
most of the hydraulic and pneumatic systems on today’s planes,
this will bring a significant rise in the power required of electricity
generation and distribution systems. The advantages of electrically
powered systems include improved safety, lighter weight, smaller
volume, and reductions in fuel consumption and greenhouse gas
emissions. The introduction of new electrical systems will also
reduce aircraft assembly and maintenance costs, and improve
availability.

Step by step over the past few years, Safran has built a leading
world position in electrical power systems, chiefly through a series
of acquisitions. In 2013, Safran acquired Goodrich Electrical Power
Systems (GEPS), a leading supplier of onboard aircraft electrical
power generation and conversion systems. In 2014, Safran finalized
the acquisition of Eaton Aerospace's power distribution businesses.

These external growth operations, coupled with a substantial
internal research and technology effort, enable Safran to assert
a strong legitimacy in aircraft electrical systems. Labinal Power
Systems brings together all of Safran’s electrical systems
operations under a single dedicated unit, covering the following
main specialties:

¢ electrical interconnection systems;

# onboard electrical energy (generation and distribution);
power electronics;

maintenance and repair of electrical equipment;
ventilation systems and electric motors;

# engineering, design and production services, especially for
electrical systems.

ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION
AND DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

The electrical systems market mostly covers power generation
and distribution functions. This market is currently commanded
by major players such as UTC Aerospace Systems, Esterline and
Zodiac, which cover all or some system components. Only UTC
Aerospace Systems and Safran field a comprehensive offering
covering main and backup power generation, conversion, and
primary and secondary distribution.

The power electronics market is more recent, arising directly from
developments in electrically powered aircraft functions (electric
thrust reversers, electric brakes, electric load control, etc.). UTC
Aerospace Systems, Honeywell and Safran hold skills in this field.


--- Page 16 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in these segments involve part of the Labinal
Power Systems electrical systems businesses brought in from
Hispano-Suiza in 2014. Since the acquisition of GEPS, Safran
has held critical experience and know-how in electrical power
generation central to aircraft electrical systems. Safran filled out
its portfolio of products in these areas with its acquisition of Eaton
Aerospace's primary power distribution businesses.

Examples of Safran’s capacity for innovation in power electronics
include ETRAS (Electrical Thrust Reverser Actuation System), the
world’s first electric control system for nacelles, developed on
the A380, and EBAC (Electrical Braking Actuation Controller), on
the Boeing 787. These major technological advances, along with
Safran’s engine and electrical wiring expertise, enable the Group
to offer aircraft manufacturers innovative electrical aircraft systems
for their forthcoming programs.

For example, Safran provides all emergency backup power and
primary and secondary distribution systems for the Embraer
KC-390 military transport aircraft program, currently at the
test-flight stage.

ELECTRICAL CONNECTION SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

The Group is the leading worldwide supplier on this market.
Wiring and electrical connection systems mainly comprise
electrical harnesses as well as main and secondary transformer
stations and other electrical cabinets.

Much of the aircraft wiring market is still in the hands of aircraft
manufacturers’ internal departments. Safran’s main rivals on the
aircraft wiring market are GKN (UK), which bought the wiring
businesses of Dutch company Fokker Elmo in 2015, LATelec and
Ducommun LaBarge (US).

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the
segment involve the acti

ring and electrical connection system
ies of Labinal Power Systems.

Safran provides electrical and layout design work in addition to
harness production and installation support services at the aircraft
manufacturer's site, for customers including Airbus and Boeing.
If requested, as on upgrade programs, Safran can take on the
planning and onboard installation stages. This can - as with major
programs such as the A380 and A350 - extend to an “end-to-
end” service covering engineering, manufacture and installation
support.

VENTILATION SYSTEMS AND ELECTRIC MOTORS

Key characteristics of the business sector

Ventilation systems comprise various electrical, electronic,
mechanical and pneumatic subsystems.

High-performance ventilation systems perform the following
functions:

management of air circulation in the cabin and cockpit;

(Source: Safran.

Group businesses

@ cooling of aircraft brakes on landing;

* cooling of avionics bays, which house systems including the
main aircraft controllers (flight control systems, digital cockpit
screens, etc.).

Safran, UTC Aerospace Systems and Honeywell are the main
players with skills in this field

Group products and programs

Safran designs, manufactures and markets ventilation systems
for aircraft cabins and avionics, and brake cooling systems for
commercial and military aircraft and helicopters, through its
subsidiary, Technofan.

Safran supplies all ventilation circuit equipment (valves, air filters,
nozzles, heat exchangers, flowrate sensors, pressure sensors,
etc.) along with the ventilation regulation and control system.
The Group has also developed expertise in electric motors fully
integrated in the aircraft electrical chain.

ENGINEERING SERVICES

Key characteristics of the business sector

The engineering market is dependent on major development
programs. As these approach completion (Airbus A350 and
Boeing 787), aircraft manufacturers and equipment vendors have
less need of specialist engineering skills.

At the same time, Safran’s major aerospace customers are trimming
back their supplier panels, and this gives rise to consolidations and
opportunities for those suppliers that are selected.

Selection depends on the ability of suppliers to provide consistent
support on their customers’ international markets, and to sustain
and develop their skills bases.

The Group's main competitors are leading full-service engineering
groups such as Alten (France) and Altran (France) as well as niche
aviation suppliers such as Assystem (France) and Aeroconseil
(France).

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the engineering market through Safran
Engineering Services. In Europe, North America, South America
and Asia, Safran provides engineering services on the aviation
market and on related markets. Its expertise, focused on five broad
areas (electrical systems architecture, aerostructures, mechanical
systems, embedded systems and certification support), is used by
various Group companies, chief among which ranks Labinal Power
Systems. Services are also provided to major aviation customers
(Airbus Group, Boeing, Dassault Aviation and Embraer) and land
transport companies (Bombardier Transport, Renault, Peugeot
and Jaguar Land Rover).

For support in the design of new electrical system architectures,
Safran’s aircraft manufacturer customers see the expertise of
Safran Engineering Services, backed by Labinal Power Systems,
as a determining factor.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 17 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

1.3.3 Defense

The Defense business can be broken down into three key sectors:

OPTRONICS

Soldier modernization
Optronics and sights
Drones

High-performance optics

AVIONICS

Navigation and sensors
Seekers and guidance systems
Flight control systems

Onboard information systems and data management

ELECTRONICS AND CRITICAL SOFTWARE
Onboard electronic equipment

Onboard critical software

Through the French and international facilities of its subsidiary
Sagem, Safran develops and manufactures electronic equipment,
inertial navigation systems, and high-added-value optical and
optronic products. It develops, produces or purchases, and
maintains computers and printed circuit boards used in all types
of platforms for the civil and military aviation and defense sectors.
Safran develops onboard electronics and critical software for the
systems it manufactures.

Safran’s main partners and customers in the Defense sector are
governments (ministries or armed forces) and European groups
such as Thales, Airbus Group, Nexter, BAe Systems (UK), MBDA,
Finmeccanica (Italy), Saab AB (Sweden), Dassault Aviation, DCNS
and CMI (Belgium).

Other well-known integrators and equipment and system suppliers
in the international aviation and defense sectors are also set to
become partners or customers of the Group.

1.3.3.1 Optronics

Key characteristics of the business sector

The high-tech industry of optronics combines optics and
electronics for use in detection, image processing and stabilization.

The optronics sector covers a wide range of equipment and
systems, including the soldier modernization system, night vision
goggles, thermal cameras, combat vehicle digitization (vectronics),
gyrostabilized optronic surveillance platforms (“pods”) for aircraft
and drone systems, periscopes and optronic masts for submarines,
and high-performance optics.

@ Source: Safran.

Safran’s main competitors in these businesses in France
and abroad include: Thales, Airbus Defence and Space, BAe
Systems, Finmeccanica, Elbit (Israel), L-3 Wescam (Canada) and
FLIR Systems (US).

Group products and programs

Safran’s expertise and ability to innovate have enabled it to
develop a comprehensive product portfolio and to become a
global reference in several platforms: surface ships, submarines,
combat vehicles, aircraft and drones and dismounted combatants.
Safran is active in the optronics industry through Sagem and its
subsidiaries Vectronix in Switzerland and the US (portable optronic
products), Optics 1 Inc. in the US (integrated optical systems and
subsystems), Optovac in Brazil and REOSC (high-performance
optics), and through its stake, along with Thales, in Optrolead and
Sofradir (world number one in infrared detectors).

Soldier modernization

Safran harnesses experience from the FELIN® program on soldier
modernization in the French armed forces to offer innovative
solutions addressing the needs of various armed and security
forces (army as well as police, civil security and firefighters)
in France and further afield. The modular approach developed
to give infantrymen optimal ease of movement provides
enhanced climatic, NBC and ballistic protection, night and day
target identification and engagement optronic systems and a
network-based communication system particularly adapted to
modern network-centric warfare.

Optronics and sights

Portable optronic equipment

In terms of portable optronics, Safran is both a trailblazer and the
leading European producer. It offers a full range of hardware
and systems for observation under any weather conditions,
day or night. Its multi-purpose night-vision imagers, such as
the JIM LR long-range multifunction imager, are widely used in
overseas operations by French and allied forces and are considered
a global market reference.

Onboard systems

Safran equipment provides protection for land combat vehicles
(tanks and lighter vehicles). Stabilized sighting is a key part of the
performance of target identification and fire direction, under day
or night conditions, including ambulant firing capability. Safran
equips several French and export land vehicles (Leclerc, VBCl,
BMP3, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, etc.) and artillery
systems in around 20 countries with its range of terrestrial sighting
systems, including the latest model in the range, the PASEO
panoramic surveillance and fire direction sight.

2) (infantrymen with integrated equipment and links).

26 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 18 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

In the field of gyrostabilized sights, Safran participates in major
combat helicopter programs: Tiger, NH90, Cougar, Panther and
Caracal. The STRIX and OSIRIS infrared sighting systems fitted
on Tiger helicopters meet exceptionally demanding operational
conditions and guarantee the performance of the weapons
systems.

Safran has applied its experience in the specialized field of
conventional and nuclear submarine optronic masts and periscopes
to equip several programs such as Scorpéne and Agosta. The new
generation of combat nuclear submarines, the Barracuda class, will
be equipped with Safran's periscope system using non-penetrative
optronic masts.

Drones

Safran is active in drone systems through its expertise in critical
function chains: navigation and flight control, image chain, and
data transmission. Safran’s tactical drone systems are used in daily
operations in both night- and day-time conditions.

For its experience in high-integrity drone flight control, Sagem sits
on the Civil Drone Commission set up by the French Directorate
General for Civil Aviation (DGAC), along with other aerospace
companies, SMEs in the sector and major contractors. The purpose
of this commission is to organize and promote the civil drones
industry in France by drawing up technological roadmaps for the
development of safe civil usages.

In early 2016, Safran’s Patroller system was selected by the French
army for its SDT tactical drone system.

High-performance optics

With its REOSC optic range, Safran is a leading world player in
the design, manufacture and integration of high-performance
optical systems for space, astronomy, large-scale lasers and the
semiconductor industry.

Customer support

Safran’s customer support includes high value-added services,
including repairs, equipment delivery and technical support. All
strive toward the same goal: ensuring that equipment is in full
working order at all times.

1.3.3.2 Avionics

Key characteristics of the business sector

Safran’s avionics segment covers onboard electronics technologies
in four product lines: inertial navigation, flight control systems,
guidance and seeker systems, and onboard information systems.

In addressing several different markets and platforms with
common-core technology, Safran enhances competitive
performance and optimizes its product portfolio, covering

(Source: Safran.
(2) MEMS: micro electro mechanical systems.

@ MMP: vv (medium range missile)
(4) FASGW: Future Anti-Surface Guided Weapon.

Group businesses

applications such as guided weapons, military and commercial
planes and helicopters, and combat vehicles and ships.

Safran’s main competitors in these businesses in France and
abroad include: Thales, BAe Systems (UK), Finmeccanica, Rockwell
Collins (US), Northrop Grumman (US), Honeywell, and Liebherr.

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the avionics sector through Sagem and its
US subsidiary Sagem Avionics Inc. (automatic pilot systems for
aircraft, actuators and onboard data acquisition and processing
modules).

Safran is European number one” in inertial navigation, with a full
technological portfolio comprising inertial sensors, gyrometers
(mechanical, gyrolaser, fiber optic and vibrational), accelerometers
(pendular and vibrational) and MEMS® sensors. Through its
subsidiary Colibrys, which specializes in high-performance
micro-movement (acceleration and vibration) sensors, Safran is a
front-line player in MEMS technology. With its Montlugon facility
in France, Safran has world-class industrial capabilities for making
inertial sensors and systems

In 2015, Safran continued its program of investments in France,
extending operations at the Fougeres site to cover production of
controllers for LEAP engines, and developing a new R&D center
at its Eragny site.

Full consolidation of the integrated cockpit solutions business of
Eaton Aerospace during the year bolstered Safran’s offering in
avionics and flight controls.

Navigation and sensors

Safran offers a wide range of inertial and stabilization systems for
all land, sea, air and space platforms and all performance classes.
At the highest performance level, Safran’s recognized expertise
lies behind its involvement in programs such as Rafale, A400M
and nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines.

Seekers and guidance systems

Safran has combined expertise in optronics and inertial systems
to provide infrared seekers for France's main missile systems,
particularly Mistral and MICA IR. MICA IR missiles are carried by
Rafale fighters and Mirage 2000-5 interceptor aircraft.

The AASM is a high-precision modular air-to-ground weapon that
can be used in all conditions, day or night, and is in service on
Rafale fighters belonging to the French air force and navy. It comes
in several versions and harnesses Safran know-how in many areas
- infrared and image processing technology, inertial components
with hemispherical resonant gyro (HRG) and laser guidance. It has
proved highly effective in recent operations.

Finally, Safran has been selected to supply infrared seekers for the
French army's MMP medium range missiles® and for the future
French-British light anti-ship missile, the FASGW®.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 19 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

Flight control systems

As a worldwide leader in civil and military helicopter flight control,
Safran offers systems, including autopilots, onboard computers,
flight control actuators and navigation systems, designed to aid
the pilot while maintaining a maximum level of security. Safran
contributes to several ongoing programs in this segment, including
Airbus Helicopters’ next-generation helicopter, Embraer’s KC390
and the MA700 aircraft made by Chinese manufacturer AVIC.

Onboard information systems and data management

Safran has developed flight-data recording systems (Aircraft
Condition Monitoring System - ACMS) equipping ATR, Embraer,
Boeing and Airbus civil aircraft. Under Airbus prime contractorship,
Safran also provides the secure gateway between the cockpit and
the cabin information system for the A380 and A350.

Given the extensive fleet it equips among many airline companies,
Safran is ideally placed for developing its Cassiopée data management
service, which inputs recorded flight data to yield results in areas such
as flight analysis (Flight Data Management - FDM) and optimization
of fuel consumption (SFCO2).

Customer support

Safran's customer support in avionics extends to high value-added
services, including repairs, equipment delivery and technical
support. Customer satisfaction is sustained through constant
improvements in TAT (Turn Around Time), up to industry
benchmark level, to ensure the best competitive performance in
equipment availability. Given its highly varied worldwide avionics
customer base, Safran may localize support services for closer
contact with the customer. Customer support performance is a key
issue: customer support is a long-term revenue source throughout
the lifecycle of an avionics product, and it develops customer
loyalty, thereby influencing customer choices on new programs.

1.3.3.3 Electronics and critical software

Given the strategic importance of onboard electronics and critical
software today, Safran vertically integrates these technologies
through Sagem’s Safran Electronics Division. Subsidiaries
in Canada, Asia and Europe offer good geographical reach
to customers, for development projects and for repair and
maintenance services.

@ Source: Safran.
( See section 13.2.3, Electrical systems and engineering.

28 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Sagem’s Safran Electronics Division provides all Group companies
with world-leading electronic equipment and critical software. It
develops, produces, and maintains electronic circuit boards and
certified onboard computers for numerous systems, particularly in
aviation (FADEC engines, thrust reversers, nacelles, landing gear,
braking systems and flight control systems). With its partners it has
woven strong, balanced links through FADEC International (joint
venture with BAe Systems) and FADEC Alliance (joint venture
between GE and FADEC International).

ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT

Safran specializes in increasingly integrated electronic systems for
harsh environments (temperature, vibration, etc.). It designs and
produces onboard computers used in engine, flight, braking and
landing gear control systems. Safran designs and installs electronic
control systems for electromechanical actuators and for Labinal
Power Systems’ power converters®. In the space segment, Safran is
conducting work on the electronic propellant flow-rate regulation
demonstrator for the future Ariane 6 engines, and on electronic
control systems for plasma thrusters. Safran’s expertise in the
production of electronic circuit boards and complex computers
is maintained through a strong core of industrial excellence
particularly at its Fougéres plant.

ONBOARD CRITICAL SOFTWARE

Safran develops the complex critical software used in Group
onboard systems. This software is said to be “critical” because it
must comply with extremely demanding certification standards
as regards dependability in harsh environments.

Safran teams handle software specification, architecture, coding,
verification, quality assurance, configuration management and
certification, using modern software platforms that yield ever-higher
efficiency,

Computer maintenance and repair

At its Massy and Singapore repair centers, Safran performs
maintenance of its own onboard computers along with systems
from other Group and third-party manufacturers. It also maintains
and repairs computers and electronic boards for many airlines and
air forces worldwide.


--- Page 20 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

1.3.4 Security

Security activities can be split into two key areas:

IDENTITY AND SECURITY
Governmental solutions
Commercial solutions

Public safety

DETECTION

Detection by X-ray tomography and X-ray diffraction of
explosives and dangerous and illicit substances

Spectrometry-based detection and analysis of traces
of explosives and dangerous and illicit substances

Through its Morpho subsidiary, Safran is a world front-runner in
biometric identity and security solutions. Safran’s business here is
driven by the emergence of new security and authentication needs
in an increasingly digital and connected world. Safran addresses
these needs by constant progress in technologies, backed by a
targeted partnership and acquisitions policy.

Safran expertise covers all security-chain technologies, in the
fields of biometrics, embedded security, cryptography, strong
authentication, secure printing techniques, data analysis and
detection of explosives and illicit substances. These technologies
are needed to access key target markets.

Safran is present in the Security sector through Morpho, whose
operations are mainly located outside France. Morpho’s main
subsidiaries are:

* Morpho Detection, LLC, specializing in the detection of
explosives and illicit substances;

 Morpho Cards GmbH, specializing in smart cards and related
trusted service management;

 Morpho BY, specializing in the printing of secure documents
such as passports;

 MorphoTrust USA, LLC, which manages, under an agreement
with the US government, the US activities of L-1 Identity
Solutions regarding the issuance of identity documents such
as driver's licenses in the US, biometric enrollment services
for authorization control, and sensitive projects run by the US
government;

 MorphoTrak, LLC, which supports Morpho’s biometrics business
development in the US, addressing local police services and
government contracts in particular.

1.3.4.1 Identity and Security

Key characteristics of the business sector

Safran is one of the world’s leading players in the biometrics
market, which covers solutions in civil and criminal identification,

Group businesses

production of identity documents, terminals, automatic biometric
identification systems and enrollment services.

Identity

Civil identification management for governments includes
biometric enrollment services, issuance of identity documents,
automatic biometric data processing systems, verification solutions
and digital identity service platforms. The civil identification sector
is experiencing strong demand as a result of:

@ developments in issuance and verification solutions for
biometric passports and other electronic identity documents
(identity cards, health insurance cards, etc.), worldwide;

@ the emergence of new uses for these documents, such as the
creation of a digital identity for secure access to public and
private services via the internet.

The highly competitive civil identification market is served by
Safran along with other industrial players including Gemalto
(Netherlands), Giesecke & Devrient (Germany) and HID Global/
Assa Abloy (Sweden).

Commercial identity solutions cover transaction and digital identity
security, in areas such as telecom applications, bank applications,
transportation and access to enterprise networks and the internet.

Safran is a major player on the digital identity market, along with
Gemalto (Netherlands), Oberthur Technologies (France), Giesecke
& Devrient, ATOS and HID Global/Assa Abloy (Sweden).

Security

Public security operations mainly involve biometric identification
and automated analysis of video footage and passenger name
record (PNR) data for air passengers.

Safran, NEC (Japan), 3M (US) and CrossMatch (US) are the main
players on the market for automated fingerprint identification
systems (AFIS), multi-modal platforms (fingerprint, iris and face
recognition) and biometric enrollment stations addressing forensic
applications. This market is governed very largely by technical
performance considerations (rate and rapidity of crime solving,
interoperability and ease of use).

Mounting risk levels raise new security needs, most pronounced
in border control (as in the US and European entrance and exit
control programs), and in surveillance and protection for sensitive
sites.

In the airport sector, the continuing trend toward tighter security
has brought about a considerable joint effort by numerous players,
including airport and civil aviation authorities, airline companies,
border police and customs authorities. On this market, Safran
cooperates with all national and international organizations having
an influence on the development of new technologies in the air
travel sector, in order to offer solutions capable of ensuring air
transportation safety and passenger convenience. The market for
airport security and PNR data analysis systems is covered by many
players, including SITA (Belgium) and ARINC (US).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

29


--- Page 21 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group businesses

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the identity sector cover civil solutions for
governments and commercial solutions for financial institutions,
telecom operators and businesses.

Governmental solutions

Safran provides governments with civil identification services
including population enrollment, electoral list compilation,
production and personalization of identity documents (ID cards,
voter cards, passports, health insurance cards, driver's licenses,
etc.), and document lifecycle management. Safran has developed
a comprehensive range of solutions and services in response to
the new opportunities in electronic documents opened by the
widespread growth of digital technologies in general and the
intensifying shift toward electronic management of government
services.

To help governments and administrations provide secure online
services (tax declarations, monitoring of welfare services, etc.),
Safran provides digital identity service platforms for: secure citizen
data input to guard against identity theft; strong authentication;
digital signatures; and online archiving to ensure data integrity
and probative value over time.

Commercial solutions

In the banking sector, Safran offers a full range of innovative secure
payment solutions, using smartcard technologies, mobile-phone
security components, host card emulation (HCE) mobile payment
and strong multi-factor authentication.

Via an extensive network of production and personalization
centers, Safran’s customers include the main banks in Europe,
Latin America and Asia. This sector is currently benefiting from
two major trends: magnetic stripe cards are giving way worldwide,
including in the United States, to smart cards meeting the Europay
MasterCard Visa (EMV) standard; and contactless technologies
are gaining ground. Both technologies heighten the security of
transactions, reduce the incidence of fraud and improve customer
convenience.

Safran also provides banks with support on the ongoing transition
toward digital practices; this typically concerns security in
applications such as online banking, e-commerce, online contract
signing, etc. The Group's digital identity management solutions
help prevent the fraudulent use of personal information online.
Specifically, customers can tighten authentication and security
settings at all the stages in the mobile payment process:
identification, electronic signature and multi-factor authentication,
including biometric authentication, which is increasingly in demand
due to its high level of security and ease of use.

On the telecommunications security market, Safran offers a
variety of secure elements and services, including a wide range
of SIM cards, subscription management, solutions for near-field
communication (NFC), which enables users to identify themselves
via their mobile phone, machine-to-machine (M2M) technology

30 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

capable of tracking fleets of GSM-equipped vehicles, and digital
identification, where a smart card becomes a means of internet
user authentication. Safran supplies the world’s biggest mobile
phone operators (including Orange, AT&T, Deutsche Telekom,
Telefonica, Vodafone and T-Mobile) via a worldwide logistics chain.

With its expertise in digital identity and trusted services
management (online strong authentication and electronic
signature systems, etc.), Safran can also meet industry-sector
needs in areas such as physical and logical access control, data
protection and confidentiality, document traceability, transaction
proofs and probative-value archiving.

Public safety

Safran's public safety operations cover solutions for identifying
persons, detecting threats, ensuring border control security and
facilitation (in air travel especially), and protecting sensitive and
high-traffic sites.

The biometric identification solutions developed by Safran are
based on biometric enrollment stations, which are used to capture
fingerprint, vein pattern, face or iris data, or a combination of
the four. In crime investigation applications, Safran provides
police forces and judicial authorities with systems for automated
fingerprint identification (AFIS), face recognition and fast DNA
identification. To meet growing needs for mobility, interoperability
and rapid analysis, Safran is introducing new terminals for
in-the-field identification and rolling out its identification systems
on the cloud.

Safran provides a range of border control and airport security
solutions, including automatic verification of passenger identity by
biometric authentication with electronic passport data, a common
European system for Schengen visas and visas for asylum-seekers,
and verification of air passenger name record (PNR) data.

Safran's image analysis expertise finds applications in systems and
services for transportation safety. This is particularly the case for
road safety, where Safran products cover all safety rule control
requirements (current and average speed, signaling, etc.) and
include manual solutions and fully automated digital systems. In
response to growing demand for processing large video volumes,
Safran develops solutions, such as face recognition software and
advanced video analysis functions, that substantially reduce the
time investigators have to spend at the screen.

1.3.4.2 Detection

Key characteristics of the business sector

This sector covers all solutions for detecting CBRNE (chemical,
biological, radiological, nuclear and explosive) threats and other
illicit items. These systems improve security at airports, in air
transportation (passenger and freight), at borders (land and
maritime), and at sensitive sites and major events.


--- Page 22 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Safran holds a share of close to 50%” of the market for X-ray
tomography hold-luggage control systems. Safran’s main
competitors are L3 Communications (US), Leidos/Reveal (US),
Smiths Detection (UK), OSI/Rapiscan (US) and Nuctech (China).
Safran is a front-runner on the market for analysis of traces of
explosives, holding a market share approaching 40% in 2015®.
With the new European Commission regulation requiring
inspection of at least 10% of air passengers at checkpoints, the
market for trace detection equipment was especially active across
the European Union in 2015. Safran fields one of the fullest and
highest-performance offerings in this sector, where its main
competitors are Smiths Detection, Thermo Fisher Scientific (US),
Bruker (US) and Implant Sciences (US).

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the detection market primarily concern air
transportation security. It also supplies explosive detection systems
(EDS) for automated hold-luggage inspection, and explosive
trace (vapor or particle) analysis systems for vetting luggage,
passengers and air freight. Safran holds prime expertise in several
key technologies, such as computerized 3D X-ray tomography,
X-ray diffraction spectroscopy and ion mobility spectrometry.
Safran has also extended its portfolio of technologies to include
mass spectrometry, addressing applications that require very high
sensitivity and precision.

@ 14 Competitive position

Safran covers international high-technology markets in Aerospace,
Defense and Security.

In all these fields, Safran faces competition from both global rivals
and niche players on some markets.

The Group operates in the strictest observance of all applicable
rules on competitive business practice in all of its host countries,
complying with the specific measures governing competitive
business practice on each market.

Research and development

Detection by X-ray tomography and X-ray diffraction of explosives
and dangerous and illicit substances

This technology is used in automatic detection systems such as
large-diameter luggage tunnels for airports. Safran's CTX 5800
and 9800 tomography systems meet European Standard 3. Safran
also provides unique automatic detection solutions combining
tomography and X-ray diffraction, allowing better detection
capacity and considerably reducing the number of false alarms.

Spectrometry-based detection and analysis of traces of explosives
and dangerous and illicit substances

Stationary and mobile systems detect and identify vapor traces
of explosives or illicit substances using ion mobility spectrometry
or mass spectrometry. Safran’s wide product range addresses a
broad spectrum of users’ needs and operational environments.
The systems are used by all types of security services worldwide
(airport passenger control, civil security, prisons, police,
customs, etc.), in border control applications (air freight, hold
luggage, passengers and cabin luggage), and for protection of
sensitive sites and major events. Advanced detection and screening
capabilities are provided by the Itemiser 4DX (ETD) solution, which
uses a non-radioactive ITMS™ (ion trap mobility spectrometer)
to detect traces of explosives. Optimized for ease-of-use and
mobility, Itemiser 4DX eliminates the administrative, regulatory,
storage and shipping requirements associated with a radiation-
emitting trace detection source.

To mobilize sufficient resources and share the industrial risks
involved in innovative and costly programs, players in the
aviation industry can form partnerships capable of developing
new technologies, products and services. Accordingly, it is not
unusual to find otherwise rival companies joining forces on certain
aviation programs.

@ 15 Research and development

Safran operates in a high-technology and high value-added
arena. In aircraft engines and equipment, as in defense and
security systems, technology and reliability requirements are
high, consistent with the highly critical nature of the applications
concerned. To meet these requirements, Safran calls on the best
capabilities available in mechanical engineering, aerodynamics,
combustion, thermodynamics, metals, composite materials, fuel
materials, electronic and electrical engineering, spectrometry,
imaging, and information and communication technologies.
Research and technology (R&T) comprises all studies, research
and technological demonstrations needed to develop expertise

(Source: Safran.

for a given product at the lowest possible risk and cost and within
the shortest possible timeframe.

Further downstream, research and development (R&D)
corresponds to product design, prototype manufacture,
development tests and certification tests showing that the product
meets customer specifications and applicable regulations.

Spanning the R&T and R&D stages, the Innovation Department
nurtures the emergence of new developments using innovative
concepts, helping Group companies identify, produce and validate

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

31


--- Page 23 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Research and development

proof-of-concept demonstrators, thereby shortening development
lead times to meet time-to-market targets.

Group R&T and innovation projects are guided by forward-looking
considerations, and the substantial budgets they draw are in line
with Safran's current or targeted positions on its markets. Research,
technology, innovation and development are fundamental to the
implementation of the Group's strategy. This commitment reflects
the importance given to preparing for the future and developing
new products and programs

Under Safran’s R&T policy, each company in the Group determines
its own research program, and thus concentrates on its own
objectives. In tandem, the Group is constantly working to develop
technology synergies.

R&T operations are guided by roadmaps charting the strategic
challenges faced by Group companies (competitive positioning
sought at different time-frames, along with the corresponding
technological demonstrations and fulfillment levers in terms of
external partnerships and internal synergies). The roadmaps are
analyzed by Group experts covering seven broad cross-functional
areas, who issue recommendations accordingly.

1.5.1 Major technological focuses

1.5.1.1 Propulsion performance

Propulsion performance objectives and acceptability requirements
for future aircraft engines derive from work carried out through
ACARE®. Objectives are set for two dates: 2020 and 2050. For
2020, aircraft propulsion systems are to cut fuel consumption
by 20%, pollutant emissions by 60% and noise levels by 50%
The Flightpath 2050 publication specifies reductions of 75% in
greenhouse-gas emissions, 90% in NOx and 65% in noise levels
by 2050.

The Group's roadmap for the aircraft propulsion systems of the
future, though its subsidiary Snecma, incorporates two technology
stages:

@ the LEAP turbofan engine, with a very high bypass ratio.
For those modules under Snecma’s responsibility in CFM,
this integrates advanced technologies such as a highly
innovative lightweight fan made from composite materials
and a high-efficiency low-pressure turbine. This engine will be
available in 2016 and will bring about major improvements in
line with the ACARE 2020 objective, particularly in terms of fuel
consumption. It has been selected by Airbus for its A320neo,
by Boeing for its 737 MAX and by COMAC for its C919, and
obtained its first certification in 2015. R&T work is in progress
on long-term continuous improvement in engine performance;

@ the second phase is more ambitiously innovative, in line with
Flightpath 2050, whose objectives call for breakthroughs in
engine architecture through the exploration of developments
such as the open rotor concept and faired architectures

(@ ACARE: Advisory Council for Aeronautics Research in Europe.
(2) FPRTD: Framework Program for Research and Technological Development.

32 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

In 2015, the Group opened the Safran Tech research and technology
center at the Saclay high-tech cluster, France's biggest science and
technology campus, near Paris. Initial teams have been formed
for the new center, which is to employ a research workforce of
around 300 in six units, covering energy & propulsion, materials
& processes, sensors, electronics, information & communication
technologies, and digital simulation for engineering. Safran
Tech also runs platforms specially equipped for developing
next-generation materials and processes. The specific areas
covered here are composite materials, monocrystalline casting
and additive manufacturing.

The Safran Tech center underlines the Group’s resolve to intensify
and mutualize research and technology endeavors on major
technological disruptions. Safran Tech opens a new dimension to
the Group's research and technology operations, with an emphasis
on open innovation. Universities, public organizations, industrial
partners and innovative startups work with Safran Tech teams
in joint laboratories or on shared platforms, forming a creative,
connected, top-level scientific campus open to the outside world.

with very high bypass ratios. These have been addressed by
advanced research under national and European programs
outlined in the seventh FPRTD®, and are to continue under
the eighth FPRTD - Horizon 2020 (H2020). Specific initiatives
here include the Clean Sky Joint Technology Initiative.

Helicopter turbine engines are subject to similar imperatives
requiring reductions in fuel consumption and environmental
impacts. Through its subsidiary Turbomeca, Safran has undertaken
ambitious technology programs to address future market needs. A
number of technologies developed under the TECH800 program
have been adopted on the Arrano engine, selected by Airbus
Helicopters as the sole source for its new H160. Then in 2016,
tests will begin on the TECH3000 demonstrator to validate new
concepts and technologies specific to the range of 3,000 shp
engines for helicopters from 11 to 14 metric tons. Safran’s
technological progress strategy is backed by work in close liaison
with customers to come up with innovative new engine integration
developments such as hybrid power architecture concepts in drive
systems.

The need to lighten planes, helicopters and their equipment
has led to increased use of composite materials. Safran engines
and equipment (whether nacelles, landing gear or brakes) are
characterized by heavy mechanical loads and a more difficult
environment than for other aircraft sections such as airframes.
To develop its composite materials solutions, Safran set up the
Safran Composites Center, now part of Safran Tech, with resources
and skills in organic matrix composites. Herakles, the Group's
center of competence for these technologies, provides core
expertise in thermostructural composites for aircraft engines, a


--- Page 24 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

major technological challenge addressed by substantial research
efforts. This research, along with work on new metal alloys, and
on high-performance coatings compliant with European REACh”
regulations, is coordinated by the Safran Materials and Processes
Department. Two platforms are being set up, one for developing
the new monocrystalline casting techniques needed for engine
development, and one for additive manufacturing, which offers
promising openings in design, production and repair of mechanical
components.

Research into rocket propulsion, an area in which technological
demands are extremely high, remains a Safran priority. A decade's
work stood behind the competitive proposal on the Ariane 6
launch vehicle that was put before the European Space Agency
(ESA) member states at the December 2014 conference of
ministers. To fulfill this major program, which is to provide Europe
with sustained space capability over the decades to come, Group
expertise in solid- and liquid-propellant space propulsion systems
will be harnessed side by side with Airbus expertise through a joint
venture, Airbus Safran Launchers

Herakles also develops new missile propulsion technologies,
including thruster and nozzle body technologies, solid propellant
technologies and innovative thruster architectures. Research
focuses include thrust modulation for tactical missiles, in
partnership with MBDA and joint subsidiary Roxel, gas valving
for interceptors, and higher-thrust solid propellants with more
eco-friendly compositions.

1.5.1.2 The more electric aircraft

The move continues toward increased use of electrical energy
for aircraft systems and actuators. The movement, which started
with the A380 and Boeing 787 programs, will be a defining
characteristic of the next generation of short- and medium-haul
aircraft. The ultimate aim is overall aircraft energy optimization,
covering energy production and energy consumption, for both
propulsive and non-propulsive functions. The breadth of its
aircraft engine and equipment expertise allows Safran to explore
a huge spectrum of solutions to make tomorrow's aircraft more
competitive, in terms of performance, functionality and cost of
ownership.

By bringing all its aircraft electrical systems expertise together
within a single unit, Labinal Power Systems, the Group not only
possesses the best technologies in electricity generation, conversion
and transmission, but is now able to adopt a whole-system approach
to aircraft electricals.

Optimization involves investigation into all forms of electricity
generation, from mechanical engine motion to auxiliary power
units (APUs) in hybrid solutions combining turbines, fuel cells and
batteries. This work involves Labinal Power Systems along with
other Group companies (Microturbo, Herakles and Snecma). One
of the units of the Safran Tech innovation center is dedicated to
developing simulation systems for evaluating advanced global
energy and propulsive architectures.

(@ REACh: Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals.
(2) HRG: hemispherical resonator gyro.
(© MEMS: micro electro mechanical systems.

Research and development

Safran is involved in several technology programs alongside
aircraft manufacturers in a European or French context. Work
benefits from numerous academic alliances with around 15 CNRS
laboratories, and from technology projects undertaken with
partners at the cutting-edge of electrical engineering in their
sector, such as Alstom, Schlumberger, Schneider Electric and
Valeo. Under a partnership with Honeywell, the Innovation
Department has carried out a demonstration of the EGTS electric
taxiing system on an A320. This new system will reduce aircraft
fuel consumption during taxiing; instead of using the aircraft
engines for ground maneuvers, electrical energy generated by an
APU drives electric motors in the landing gear wheels.

1.5.1.3 Avionics

NAVIGATION

Air, land, sea, satellite and weapons navigation markets are
constantly evolving and expanding: the integration of mobile
units into cooperative groups, increasing autonomy requirements,
and the required land-onboard continuum via secure links
are drivers of renewed demand and associated technologies.
Safran’s approach relies strongly on breakthrough HRG®
technology, whose characteristics make it possible to design and
produce world-leading navigation equipment and weapons at
competitive costs. Through its subsidiary Sagem and the Safran
Tech sensors unit, the Group continues with the development of
MEMS® technology accelerometers and gyrometers for portable
geolocation applications. With its prime expertise in high-integrity
navigation systems, Sagem leads the field in drone navigation.

ELECTRONIC SOLUTIONS AND CRITICAL SOFTWARE

Because onboard electronic systems for severe environments are
key components of many Group products, the Safran Electronics
Division runs ambitious projects on controller architectures
featuring more efficient processors, and on component packaging
capable of withstanding the hotter environments of future aircraft
systems. On systems engineering, Safran is working on process
harmonization: a modern software development workshop has
been set up for Group-wide rollout.

1.5.1.4 New services

Innovation efforts are called for, consistent with the growing
importance of services in the Group’s business. Techniques
used to diagnose and forecast the condition of airplane and
helicopter equipment and systems bring value for Safran product
users, as regards both operational considerations (optimization
of maintenance), and fleet management support (evaluation
of residual value). To address this need, Safran is developing
its Monitoring Services system for managing fleet equipment
operating data. Initial rollout of the new system has begun on
helicopters.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

33


--- Page 25 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Research and development

“Big data” information extraction techniques offer promising
development opportunities. Here, the Safran Analytics teams at
the Safran Tech center will be stepping up rollout of more agile
services, better oriented to value creation for aircraft operators.
In addition, Safran founded the Machine Learning - Big Data chair
at the Suptelecom Paris Tech engineering school.

1.5.1.5 Dual-use technologies

Sagem harnesses advanced optronics and information and
communication technology to develop innovations that will help
the Group offer enhanced operational efficacy to armies, navies
and air forces. Optronics needs range from imagers operating in
one or more wavelength bands through to full image processing
systems handling monitoring, detection, identification, fire control
and self-protection. Integrated battlefield perception and soldier
support solutions are developed using systems that couple infrared
sensor and light intensification technologies with other functions
such as geolocation and data analysis.

In infrared sensors Safran offers the technologies held by Sofradir,
its joint venture with Thales. Both partners transferred their IR
detector technologies to Sofradir, giving it one of the world’s most
extensive product ranges in this field. To extend its technological
sources to other types of sensors and their integration in
intelligent systems, Safran is working in partnership with Valeo
on autonomous vehicle technologies. The partners fund a chair in

1.5.2 Technical and scientific partnerships

In implementing its R&T strategy, Safran enjoys the support of
its partners, which provide it with scientific and technological
expertise. Safran thus meets the two prerequisites for success:
it identifies known and latent market needs through customer
contact, and it adopts an open approach to what is an increasingly
complex and multidisciplinary scientific and technological
environment.

In 2009, Safran created a scientific council, currently chaired by
Professor Mathias Fink, which comprises eight leading international
scientists bringing proven expertise in all the scientific disciplines
underlying Group businesses. One of the council's main functions
is to issue recommendations on the structure and quality of the
Group's scientific partnerships.

For the first R&T levels, Safran has developed a network of
scientific partners in France in the university and applied research
sectors. Safran implements framework agreements with ONERA
(the French National Aerospace Research Office), CEA (the French
Atomic Energy Commission) and CNRS (the French Center for
Scientific Research), which offer access to the best in French
scientific research. The Group has long-term partnerships with

this subject at the Ecole de Mines engineering school in Paris, and
a joint laboratory will be opening at the Safran Tech site in 2016.

1.5.1.6 Advanced security technologies

Safran's leadership, through its subsidiary Morpho, in biometric
systems, associated terminals and identity document systems
is maintained through significant R&T investment in improving
biometric data identification and capture algorithms and in
enhancing the performance of anti-fraud and information
protection systems. This yields a capability to rapidly build, and
then operate, large-scale biometric databases such as that covering
the population of India, which has an enrollment rate topping
a million individuals per day. Morpho's next challenge concerns
the implementation of biometric identification techniques in online
transactions systems, which require sensor technologies that can
be integrated in mobile phones, along with hardware or software
security features that go beyond the current state of the art in
smartphone applications. The Morpho Detection Division holds
a portfolio of technologies for detecting explosives and illicit
substances: technological advances achieved by Morpho Detection
since joining the Group include detection of liquid explosives by
X-ray diffraction. The combination of high-performance detection
systems with biometrics and secure electronic identity documents
gives rise to a new strategic focus covering identification and flow
control for people and goods, a key growth segment in the coming
years, especially in the field of air transportation security.

many research and higher education organizations, some of
whose laboratories form valuable external research hubs. These
partnerships also help Safran recruit leading talents: Safran
supports the work of around 180 PhD students, runs several
international thematic networks on key issues (such as combustion,
noise reduction, mechanical engineering and power electronics),
and provides support for seven university chairs. Safran is also
a founder member of the French Foundation for Aerospace
Research (FNRAE), and a front-line contributor to the foundation
of three IRT® technological research institutes. It is a major player
in several competitiveness hubs, including System@tic, Aerospace
Valley and ASTech.

Safran plays an active role in European Union bodies and programs.
Since 2008, Safran has been closely involved in establishing the
Clean Sky Joint Technology Initiative, bringing together the leading
players in aviation R&D along with the European Commission in
a demonstration program on airframes, engines and systems.
In 2014, Safran worked to renew this public-private partnership
through to 2024: Clean Sky 2 is now operational.

( IRT: technology research institutes formed under France's PIA Investments for the Future Program.

34 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 26 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Safran takes part in many international cooperative research
initiatives, with university laboratories in Europe, the US,
Singapore and India. Initiatives to support the Group's international
development will shortly be taking shape in a number of countries
investing in aerospace technologies, such as Turkey and Morocco.

1.5.3 Innovation and intellectual property

Innovation is at the heart of Safran’s strategy. The competitiveness
of its products is largely based on the successful integration of
technological innovation or adjustments, providing the customer
with industry-leading performances. Safran’s ability to produce
innovations that mark a break with existing technology is amply
demonstrated across a huge breadth of sectors: EGTS, composite
fan blades, hemispheric resonator gyros, detection of liquid
explosives by X-ray diffraction, on-the-fly fingerprint detection
terminals, etc. The creation of cross-disciplinary teams, capitalizing
on the wide range of expertise available in the Group, offers
both an efficient and high-performance organizational structure.
This approach is typified by the high-potential projects run by
the Innovation Department. Safran also develops cooperative
innovation, which involves seeking out, assessing and nurturing
innovations proposed by suppliers or startups. The capacity to
identify then implement efficient cooperative operations with
outside partners helps Safran integrate the best technical and
technological solutions in its systems and equipment under
development, and to shorten time-to-market for innovative and
mature solutions.

In 2015, Safran announced the formation of a new subsidiary, Safran
Corporate Ventures, to handle financing for innovative startups. In
line with the Group's strategy on innovation and transformation,
this organization seeks primarily to support innovative startups
in the following fields:

@ advanced materials, robotics and new manufacturing
techniques;

# connected sensors and processing of sensor data;

# onboard energy generation, distribution, transmission and
storage systems;

@ solutions and technologies in identity and authentication of
connected things and persons.

In September 2015, Safran announced it was taking a stake in
Krono-Safe, a spin-off of France's atomic and alternative energy
commission, CEA, developing software for dependability-critical
equipment in the high-growth sectors of transportation (connected
and autonomous vehicles), industry (Internet of Things) and critical
industries (Aerospace, Defense and Cyber-security).

(D Second in INPI ran

1g, April 2015 (for patents filed in 2014).

Research and development

The intellectual property related to this cooperative work is defined
contractually at the beginning of projects between partners. The
general principle is that the intellectual property belongs to the
partners who performed or co-financed the work, and, at the very
least, Safran receives rights of use in its own field.

The development of technical expertise is also key to preparing
for the technological challenges of tomorrow. A process has been
set up to determine companies’ expertise needs Group-wide and
thereby plan ahead for renewals and training of new experts.

Intellectual property is of increasing importance amid globalized
markets and ever-fiercer competition. It responds to operational
imperatives, while strengthening and securing Safran’s commercial
positions. The creative and innovative ability of teams is
demonstrated by the increasing number of patents filed: more
than 900 in 2015. This places the Group among the front-runners
in French patents. Thomson Reuters also ranks Safran among the
‘one hundred most innovative research organizations worldwide.
Overall, the Group's portfolio comprises close to 32,000 intellectual
property rights around the world, bolstering its position in its areas
of business.

In addition to patent protection, because of Safran’s international
reach and extensive partnership involvement, the Group gives
great importance to ensuring close control over technology
transfers and defining precise policy on the matter.

Some transfers are essential for market access reasons.
Technologies for transfer, which do not belong to Safran’s core
technology portfolio, must be clearly identified, accurately
valued, and covered by carefully structured long-term partnership
arrangements. Under no circumstances may such partnerships
restrict the Group’s capacity for technological differentiation in
the future.

Dependence

Safran has not identified any dependence on patents, licenses,
industrial, commercial or financial contracts, or new manufacturing
processes likely to have a material impact on the Group.

There are risks of production delays and cost penalties for Safran
in the event of supplier or partner shortcomings, as set out in
section 4.1.3, “Partnership and supplier risks”.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

35


--- Page 27 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Industrial investments

1.5.4 Research and development expenditure

Including the portion funded by customers, the total expenditure on
research, technology and development (RTD) was approximately
€21 billion in 2015, representing 12% of revenue. RTD operations in
France amounted to €1.8 billion, representing 86% of overall RTD
expenditure. Some 66% of RTD expenditure was self-funded, and
can be broken down as follows:

°

Aircraft programs (including LEAP, Silvercrest and A350): 48%;
@ Helicopter engines: 5%;

Security and defense: 16%;

@ R&T: 29%;

Other: 2%.

(in € millions) 2014 2015
Total R&D (1,990) (2,057)
External financing 526 701
Self-funded RTD (1,464) (1,356)
% of revenue 9.5% 7.8%
Research tax credit 151 165
Self-funded RTD after research tax credit (1,313) (1,191)
Capitalized expenditure 644 495
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure” (78) (95)
Impact on recurring operating income (747) (791)
% of revenue 4.9% 4.5%

(1) Excluding non-recurring items.

Total R&D increased with the rise in external financing.

Two main factors explain the €108 million reduction in self-funded
RTD (down by 7.4% on the 2014 figure):

the first version of the A350 (A350-900) came into service
in early 2015, thus lightening the RTD load in 2015 compared
with 2014;

@ RTD efforts on the LEAP engine programs eased off in the
run-up to certification (see section 1.3.1.1).

The €149 million decrease in capitalized expenditure is explained
mainly by the reduction in self-funded RTD on the programs for
the A350 and the various LEAP engine versions, and by the end
to capitalization on the Silvercrest program, as from April 1, 2014.

@ 1.6 Industrial investments

1.6.1

Safran is an established industry reference and a major player in
its core businesses of Aerospace, Defense and Security. Its aim is
to supply its customers with increasingly advanced technological
equipment, meeting ever stricter safety standards, at a lower cost
and with shorter timeframes.

Safran’s leadership results from the high standards imposed by
the Group companies’ operators, technicians and managers, under
constant guidance from their industrial departments, coordinated
by the Group's Industrial Department, which oversees the industrial
strategies chosen by the Executive Committee. The Group's
employees work in a continuously innovating environment and
accept the daily challenge of achieving the highest standards of
technological expertise while meeting ever greater demand and
the need to produce new innovative products (the LEAP engine,
Patroller drone, etc.).

36 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Industrial policy and the Factory of the Future

The plants also respond to this demand for performance and
innovation that is central to the success of Safran’s products
and services worldwide. The Group companies, working with the
Industrial Department, focus their investments and organization
on adapting production sites, preparing for tomorrow's industrial
challenges and developing competitive advantages: expertise
in new production technologies, digital and data revolutions,
organizational transformation, etc.

Thanks to its constant drive for innovation and excellence, the
Group has for many years been at the forefront of the Factory of
the Future technologies and processes, both in France and Europe.
This achievement owes much to close cooperation among the
Safran teams responsible for developing the technologies that
are successfully implemented on new products. Examples of new
production techniques include additive manufacturing and metal


--- Page 28 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

injection molding (MIM), development work on which is closely
coordinated both within the Group and with selected partners.

The aim is to develop industrially operable technologies capable
of delivering an optimum response to the needs of Safran’s
customers.

In its work toward the Factory of the Future, Safran is committed to
the digital transformation of its production units, by reducing and
optimizing development cycles with digital tools, streamlining the
supply chain and production line fluidity by networking machines
and plants or better controlling manufacturing processes through
data analysis.

Safran’s proactive industrial strategy of anticipating future
challenges and transformations is implemented in line with its

1.6.2 Main industrial investments

Industrial investments

make-or-buy strategic choices by including its French and global
supply chain partners. Multiple sites and the reactivity of this
industrial configuration allow Safran to develop an international
production system capable of achieving local reach to end
customers and the best possible balance of production costs
across euro and dollar zones.

To keep pace with constant change in practices and technologies,
Safran pays great attention to maintaining and developing its
employees’ skills. This is seen in the Group's training investment,
which was exemplified in late 2014 by the opening of the Safran
University campus in Massy, France. In 2015, Safran University
training courses in industrial, supply chain and purchasing subjects
were attended by more than 600 people (see section 5.4).

Safran’s property, plant and equipment investments totaled €758 million in 2015, up by 12.5% on 2014.

The significant increase in investment is to prepare the Group for substantial growth in business, and the industrial upgrades needed for

new programs.

Geographical zone (in € mittions) 2014 2015
France 473 558
Europe (excluding France) 48 66
Americas 102 75
Asia & Oceania 44 49
Africa & Middle East 7 10
TOTAL 674

In 2015, most of Safran’s property, plant and equipment
investments (74%) were in France, primarily for:

@ the creation of the new Safran Tech R&T center in Saclay (near
Paris), which brings together Group-wide expertise to nurture
the emergence of disruptive technologies, and includes an
additive manufacturing unit;

@ the extension to the Sagem site in Eragny (Paris region), with
a view to forming a major technology cluster;

@ the development of a new site in Toulouse (southern France)
to accommodate Safran’s regional office and Group Shared
Services Centers, head office and service teams (Labinal
Power Systems, Safran Engineering Services), branch offices
for other Group companies and dedicated research laboratories
specializing in areas such as the more electric aircraft.

Safran’s other investments in France continue the policy of
previous years, with:

@ the renovation and modernization of industrial sites across all
Group activities, to accommodate production ramp-up and the
introduction of new Boeing 737 MAX, Boeing 787, Boeing 777X,
A320ne0, A330neo and A350 programs, etc.;

@ plant renewal and upgrades at existing sites (Snecma in
Gennevilliers, Villaroche and Corbeil);

the installation and upgrade of test equipment (Snecma in
Villaroche, Messier-Bugatti-Dowty in Villeurbanne).

Safran’s main investments outside of France were:

the extension to the Snecma's industrial site in Suzhou (China),
specializing in machining and assembly of low-pressure
modules and parts;

@ the start of construction work on a new production facility
in Sedziszow Malopolski (south-west Poland), specializing in
the manufacture of low-pressure turbine blades for LEAP and
Silvercrest engines;

@ the completion of construction work on an industrial facility
in Springfield (Illinois, US) to handle an extension to security
business for the US government;

@ the construction of a new Messier-Bugatti-Dowty facility
making carbon brakes in Malaysia.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

37


--- Page 29 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Sites and production plants

@ 1.7 Sites and production plants

Safran’s registered office is located in Paris, France. The map below shows the Group sites” in each geographical
region, broken down by the main type of site activity. Figures
and locations shown here correspond to companies consolidated
under the Group, as defined in section 3.1, Note 1.b.

The Group carries out its activities at production, R&D, and service/
maintenance sites worldwide.

bene a ‘asa is

513 1h 6 5

FRANCE EUROPE (EXCLUDING FRANCE)

AMERICAS ASIA AND OCEANIA
besa hens 7
39 15 8 4

AFRICA AND.
THE MIDDLE EAST

bana”

6 1

Legend: number of sites

la ll

R&D sites and Service/maintenance Commercial and
production facilities sites administrative sites

@ A’'site” is a legal entity that can cover one or more sites, each of which may have administrative, production, or service/maintenance functions.

38 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 30 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Group purchasing strategy

Main activities at Safran sites Occupancy
Service! Commercial!
Total sites R&D/production maintenance administrative Owner*
Snecma 27 12 12 3 10 17
Turbomeca 16 6 9 1 7 9
Herakles 12 10 - 2 5 7
Techspace Aero 2 2 - - 1 1
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty 17 1 5 1 10 7
Labinal Power Systems 39 28 10 1 9 30
Technofan 2 1 1 - 1 1
Hispano-Suiza 2 2 - - 2 5
Aircelle 8 5 2 1 5 3
Sagem 26 20 2 4 9 17
Morpho 69 37 14 18 4 65
Safran 5 2 - 3 4 1
Other 4 1 - 3 - 4
TOTAL 229 137 55 37 wt |

Including seven sites under financial lease.

The Group owns its major and strategic production sites, and tends
toward rental of its commercial and administrative sites.

The bulk of Group research and development work is carried out
at its main production sites. For this reason, the table shows “R&D”
and “production” in the same column.

Because of the diversity of Safran’s operations, the notion of
“production capacity” does not apply.

There were two significant site and production plant additions
in 2015:
In France

@ The Safran Tech research and technology center opened in
Saclay, outside Paris, accommodating various Group subsidiaries.

Elsewhere

@ The Messier-Bugatti-Dowty carbon brakes plant opened in
Sendayan, Malaysia.

Environmental factors liable to influence the Group's use of its
property, plant and equipment are presented in section 5.5.3.
The Group has drafted Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)
guidelines which enable it to assess the compliance of its property,
plant and equipment, and its operations, with HSE regulations. It
also regularly conducts self-assessments and audits.

@ 18 Group purchasing strategy

Safran pursues a purchasing policy consistent with its objectives
of excellence and competitive performance, and with its industrial
policy and corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategy. In
accordance with its commitment to the United Nations Global
Compact, Safran has developed dialogue with its suppliers on
the basis of Global Compact principles on human rights, labor
standards, the environment and the fight against corruption.

Safran’s purchasing policy seeks to concentrate business with
suppliers that meet the demanding requirements and specific
rules applicable to the Aerospace, Defense and Security markets,

and that are prepared to commit to long-term undertakings with
Safran on a balanced, mutually beneficial basis.

The policy has four main objectives:
@ to build a supplier panel that:

= enables Safran to meet its current and future needs
as regards performance (cost, quality, delivery times),
know-how and technological innovation,

= enables Safran to roll out its CSR strategy upstream through
the supply chain;

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 31 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Safran quality performance and policy

to involve suppliers early on in Group product development
programs so that they can meet all customer demands,
allowing them to propose innovations and harness the full
extent of their know-how on obtaining the best possible cost
and performance for products, and full compliance with HSE
requirements;

@ to promote common procedures, management tools and
metrics across all Group companies to improve its operation
and performance with suppliers;

¢ to support key suppliers on measures to adapt their
organizations and industrial configurations to expectations
and shifts in market demand.

It is rolled out:

¢ in compliance with the Group’s Ethical Guidelines and
best practices set out in its Responsible Supplier Relations
mediation guidelines;

in compliance with Safran’s commitments with government
authorities, business organizations and other partners;

# through constant cooperation among Group companies,
development of a Safran purchasing network and culture, close
coordination among all Group players in contact with suppliers,
and involvement of the purchasing team in all product lifecycle
phases.

Safran took a number of measures to ensure efficient rollout of its
purchasing policy in 2015:

@ supplier relations management was enhanced through an
emphasis on value creation, achieved by a more individualized
approach to the supplier panel. In September 2015, Safran held
a series of Inner Circle meetings with the suppliers concerned;

cooperative innovation with suppliers was stepped up to build
on the success of open innovation achievements and help get
innovative products and services to market more promptly;

@ supplier standards were updated to include CSR aspects and
a call to suppliers to commit to rollout of the Group's CSR
strategy.

@ 1.9 Safran quality performance and policy

Safran pursues an ambitious quality policy targeting two main
goals:

customer satisfaction;
continuous progress in performance.

This policy involves a permanent drive on innovation, continuous
improvement and risk control. It is based on Group-wide methods
and tools derived from shared experience and best practices across
all Group companies. For even greater efficacy, this year Safran
decided to merge its Quality and Progress Initiative Departments,
along with the Group's consultancy firm, Safran Consulting, into a
single Quality and Progress Department. The resulting synergies
strengthen the operations run by the separate teams. This new
department seeks to lead Safran to excellence and make each of
the Group's companies its customers’ preferred supplier.

In 2015, customers continued to express confidence and
satisfaction with regard to Safran teams’ customer relations,
attention and response times. The upward trend in internal quality
performance continued, driven, among other things, by the rollout
of @RQC (quick-response quality control), an effective method for
tackling problems as and where they occur.

Quality and progress teams also started joint work on putting
together an operational excellence system for simplifying and
harmonizing processes across the Group, and standardizing best
working practices. The industrial validation process was also
improved in preparation for production ramp-up on new programs.

Safran’s quality progress measures are defined and structured
in line with the Group-wide quality vision, namely: to be our
customers’ preferred supplier.

40 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

The Safran+ progress initiative was launched in 2009 with the
aim of driving performance improvements throughout the Group.
To achieve this goal, Safran+ defines key areas for progress, sets
targets and suggests possible methods. Safran+ is based on a
network with centralized organization, and deployed within all
of the Group's entities worldwide. This network allows for an
array of improvement initiatives, either created by the Group and
applicable to all of its companies, or created by the companies
themselves for their own internal use. These initiatives may involve
either continuous improvement or disruptive projects put forward
and coordinated by the Group.

Two such initiatives are permanent and cross-functional:

@ participative innovation initiatives offering employees the
possibility to improve the Company through their sector;

@ Lean Sigma, with Green Belts, Black Belts and Master Black
Belts driving the Group's transformation through a structured
and standardized project management approach.

Most projects target at least one of the following objectives
¢@ improving customer satisfaction;

@ increasing operating profit;

reducing working capital requirements.

Throughout the year, the managers concerned report on progress
initiatives to Group executive management at biannual reviews
carried out at two different sites per company.


--- Page 32 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

The savings achieved by the Safran+ initiative in 2015 break down
as follows:

37% 15%
Internal share Non-production costs
of production costs

23% 25%
Sourced share Sales development
in total product costs

Progress plan highlights in 2015 include:

°

(@_ QRQC: Quick-Response Quality Control, a management method that emphasizes constant vigilance and immediate reactions, in order to swiftly solve problems.

rollout of the Lean Sigma and participative innovation programs
continued throughout the Group:

= new Green Belts, Black Belts and Master Black Belts were
trained and robust rollout of the initiative was developed
by an awareness-raising program reaching 80% of Group
employees,

= close to 95,000 on-site ideas were generated and put into
practice in workshops and offices;

an operational excellence initiative was launched on Group-wide
process standardization and management;

Safran quality performance and policy

a self-evaluation system on R&D performance was run to
focus individual companies’ progress dynamics on their own
specific challenges. Lean engineering and management-by-sight
principles were extended to all Group companies. Design-to-cost
(DTC) standards were drawn up and training courses run
accordingly;

the Purchasing Specification project was extended to new
non-production areas, and expressions of needs were
standardized to optimize Group purchasing decisions;

QRQC® was rolled out across industrial operations throughout
all Group companies. Rollout was also begun among an initial
ten or so suppliers common to different Safran production
teams;

development of the cooperative enterprise network proceeded,
to facilitate productive interaction throughout the Group, with
regard to idea swapping, problem solving, project and program
management, and coordination of teams across different sites
in France and worldwide;

efficacy was further enhanced by bringing together the Group's
progress and quality organizations, along with its consultancy
firm Safran Consulting, together under the new Safran Quality
and Progress Department in late 2015.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

4]


--- Page 33 ---

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS IN 2015

Aerospace Propulsion

@ A total of 1,612 CFM56 engines delivered in 2015, up 3%
year-on-year (1,560 engines), and 13,252 CFMS6 and LEAP engines
in the backlog (firm orders and commitments), representing over
eight years of production at current production rates;

¢ Continued development of engine programs, with the dual
certification of the LEAP-1A engine for the Airbus A320neo by
the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) in the US. Roll-out of the first
Boeing 737 MAX fitted with LEAP-1B engines and the first
COMAC C919 fitted with LEAP-IC engines;

Complementary developments on the Silvercrest engine;

Export success in Egypt and Qatar for Rafale fighter jets fitted
with M88 engines;

¢ The Arrius 2R engine for Bell Helicopters’ Jet Ranger X certified
by EASA and the Arrano engine selected as sole engine on
Airbus Helicopters’ new HI60 helicopter;

¢ Airbus Safran Launchers informed by the European Space
Agency that it had won the contract to develop Ariane 6.

Aircraft Equipment

@ Successful ramp-up in deliveries of power transmissions,
landing gear and wiring shipsets for the Airbus A350;

@ Record production of thrust reversers, power transmissions,
wiring shipsets and landing gear for the Airbus A320ceo;

¢ Continued leadership in carbon brakes;

* Partnership strengthened with Rolls Royce in power
transmission systems.

Defense

¢@ First commercial success of the PASEO multifunction
viewfinder for armored vehicles;

@ Delivery and installation of EOMS-NG observation and fire
direction systems for the French navy;

@ Selection of the BlueNaute” inertial navigation system by the
US Coast Guard;

@ Sale of the AASM air-to-ground weapons system in Egypt and
Qatar.

Security

@ No. 1ranking maintained in the US, where Safran supplies 85%
of all driving licenses;

# US-based TSA Prev program extended;

@ Selected to supply ID solutions for elections in Ivory Coast,
Egypt and Chad;

@ Participation in the digital ID project in the Uk;
@ Selected to help reinforce border controls in UAE, New Zealand

Growth in deliveries of wiring shipsets and landing gear for and Estonia.
the Boeing 787;
2015 ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES
Aerospace Holding co.
(in € millions) Propulsion Equipment Defense Security and other Total
2014 2015; 2014 2015) 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015) 2014 2015
Revenue 8153 9,319 4,446 4943 1,221 1,266 1,530 1,878 5 8 15,355 17,414
Recurring operating income (loss) 1,633 1,833 426 466 val 64 134 151 (175) (82) 2,089 2,432
Profit (loss) from operations 1,624 1,214 368 423 74 54 109 133 (193) (90) 1,982 1,734
Free cash flow” 380 727 149° 153 17 - 97 45 97 49° 740 974
Acquisitions of property,
plant and equipment” 362 433° 170 181 46 n 59 52 37 21 674 758
Self-funded R&D 894 875 308 229 «133, «119129133, N/A N/A _ 1,464 1,356

(1) Free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operating activities less changes in working capital and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and

intangible assets.
(2) Net of proceeds from disposals.

42 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 34 ---

21

211

21.2
21.3

2.2

2.21
2.2.2

2.2.3

VIEW O

OPE

AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S
PERFORMANCE IN 2015 BASED
ON ADJUSTED DATA

Reconciliation of consolidated data
with adjusted data

Overview of the Group’s performance
Adjusted key figures by business

COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Consolidated income statement

Simplified consolidated balance sheet
at December 31, 2015

Change in net debt

44

44
in 2015 46
48

63
63

65
66

2.3. COMMENTS ON THE PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

2.3.1 Safran income statement

2.3.2 Safran simplified balance sheet
at December 31, 2015

2.3.3 Information concerning supplier
payment periods

2.4 OUTLOOK FOR 2016

2.5 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

RATIONS IN 2015

67
67

68

68

68

69

43


--- Page 35 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

@ 2.1 Comments on the Group’s performance
in 2015 based on adjusted data

2.1.1

Foreword

To reflect the Group’s actual economic performance and enable
it to be monitored and benchmarked against competitors, Safran
prepares an adjusted income statement alongside its consolidated
financial statements.

Readers are reminded that Safran:

°

is the result of the May 11, 2005 merger of the Sagem and
Snecma groups, accounted for in accordance with IFRS 3,
Business Combinations, in its consolidated financial statements;

recognizes, as of July 1, 2005, all changes in the fair value of
its foreign currency derivatives in “Financial income (loss)",
in accordance with the provisions of IAS 39 applicable
to transactions not qualifying for hedge accounting (see
section 3.1, “Accounting policies", Note Lf).

Accordingly, Safran's consolidated income statement has been
adjusted for the impact of:

°

purchase price allocations with respect to business
combinations. Since 2005, this restatement concerns the
amortization charged against intangible assets relating to

4d | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Reconciliation of consolidated data with adjusted data

aircraft programs revalued at the time of the Sagem-Snecma
merger. With effect from the 2010 interim consolidated
financial statements, the Group decided to restate the impact
of purchase price allocations for all business combinations. In
particular, this concerns the amortization of intangible assets
recognized at the time of the acquisition and amortized over
extended periods due to the length of the Group's business
cycles, along with gains or losses on remeasuring the Group's
previously held interests in an entity acquired in a step
acquisition or assets contributed to a joint venture;

the mark-to-market of foreign currency derivatives, in order to
better reflect the economic substance of the Group's overall
foreign currency risk hedging strategy:

= revenue net of purchases denominated in foreign currencies
is measured using the effective hedged rate, i., including
the costs of the hedging strategy,

= all mark-to-market changes on instruments hedging future
cash flows are neutralized.

The resulting changes in deferred tax have also been adjusted


--- Page 36 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Reconciliation of the consolidated income statement with the adjusted income statement

The impact of these adjustments on income statement items is as follows:

Currency hedges Business combinations
Amortization
of intangible
2015 assets from PPA impacts - 2015

consolidated | Remeasurement Sagem-Snecma _ other business adjusted
(in € millions) data of revenue” merger” combinations“ data
Revenue 18,100 (686) - - - 17,414
Other recurring operating income
and expenses (15,272) 8 (5) 89 152 (15,028)
Share in profit from joint ventures 45 - - - 1 46
Recurring operating income 2,873 (678) (5) 89 153 2,432
Other non-recurring operating income
and expenses (796) - - 133 (35) (698)
Profit from operations 2,077 (678) (5) 222 118 1,734
Cost of debt (28) - - - - (28)
Foreign exchange gains (losses) (3,248) 678 2,485 - - (85)
Other financial income and expense (111) - - - - (111)
Financial income (loss) (3,387) 678 2,485 : - (224)
Income tax benefit (expense) 508 - (806) (75) (30) (403)
Share in profit from associates 4 - - - - 4
Gain on disposal of Ingenico Group shares 421 - - - - 421
Profit (loss) from continuing operations (377) - 1,674 147 88 1,532
Profit (loss) for the period attributable
to non-controlling interests (47) : - (3) - (50)
PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS
OF THE PARENT - 1,674 164 88

(1) Remeasurement of foreign-currency denominated revenue net of purchases (by currency) at the hedged rate (including premiums on unwound options)
through the reclassification of changes in the fair value of instruments hedging cash flows for the period.

(2) Changes in the fair value of instruments hedging future cash flows of €2,485 million excluding tax, and the negative impact of taking into account hedges
when measuring provisions for losses on completion (€5 million).

(3) Cancellation of amortization/impairment of intangible assets relating to the remeasurement of aircraft programs resulting from the application of IFRS 3
to the Sagem-Snecma merger (€89 million) and cancellation of impairment recognized against brands other than Safran (€133 million).

(4) Cancellation of amortization/impairment of assets identified during business combinations (€153 million) and cancellation of the capital gain on
contributions to the Airbus Safran Launchers joint venture (negative impact of €35 million).

Readers are reminded that only the consolidated financial Adjusted financial data other than the data provided in Note 5,
statements set out in section 3.1 of this document are audited “Segment information” in section 3.1 are subject to the verification
by the Group's Statutory Auditors. The consolidated financial procedures applicable to all of the information provided in this
statements include the revenue and operating profit indicators report.

set out in the adjusted data in Note 5, “Segment information” in

section 31.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 } 49


--- Page 37 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

2.1.2 Overview of the Group's performance in 2015

Adjusted income statement

2015
in € millions) Adjusted data
Revenue 15,355 17,416
Other income 291 304
Income from operations 15,646 17,718
Change in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress 275 261
Capitalized production 998 964
Raw materials and consumables used (9,043) (10,201)
Personnel costs (4,744) (5,061)
Taxes (275) (297)
Depreciation, amortization, and increase in provisions, net of use (639) (716)
Asset impairment (66) (190)
Other recurring operating income and expenses (108) (92)
Share in profit from joint ventures 45 46
Recurring operating income 2,089 2,432
Other non-recurring operating income and expenses (107) (698)
Profit from operations 1,982 1,734
Cost of net debt (42) (28)
Foreign exchange losses (48) (85)
Other financial income and expense (75) (111)
Financial loss (165) (224)
Profit before tax 1,817 1,510
Income tax expense (522) (403)
Share in profit from associates 18 4
Gain on disposal of Ingenico Group shares - 421
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 1,313 1,532
Attributable to:
owners of the parent 1,248 1,482
 non-controlling interests 65 50
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent (in €)
Basic earnings per share 3.00 3.55
Diluted earnings per share 3.00 3.55

46 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 38 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Review of operations

ADJUSTED REVENUE

For full-year 2015, Safran’s revenue was €17,414 million, up 13.4%
compared to €15,355 million in the same period a year ago.
This €2,059 million increase, which includes positive currency
impacts amounting to €1,399 million, reflects growth in Aerospace

(Propulsion and Equipment), Security and Defense revenue. On
an organic basis (excluding the effects of acquisitions, disposals
and currency variations), Group revenue increased by 3.9%, or
€598 million.

Organic revenue was determined by applying constant exchange
rates and by excluding the effects of changes in scope. Hence, the
following calculations were applied:

Reported growth
Impact of acquisitions, newly consolidated activities & disposals

Currency impact

Organic growth

13.4%

€(62) million -0.4%
€(1,399) million -9.1%
3.9%

The €1,399 million favorable impact of currency variations reflects
a globally positive translation effect on non-euro revenues, notably
on the portion of the USD-denominated revenue naturally hedged
via USD-denominated procurements. The average USD/EUR spot
rate was 1.11 to the euro over 2015 compared to 1.33 over 2014. The
Group's hedge rate improved to USD 1.25 to the euro for 2015 from
USD 1.26 for 2014,

ADJUSTED RECURRING OPERATING INCOME

Recurring operating margin increased by 0.4pt to 14.0% of sales.
Safran’s recurring operating income was €2,432 million, up 16.4%

compared to €2,089 million in 2014 (13.6% of revenue). Excluding
a positive currency impact of €64 million, the improvement on an
organic basis was €283 million, representing 13.5% year-over-year
growth. The impact of acquisitions, disposals and changes in the
scope of consolidation was not significant.

The improvement was primarily driven by Aerospace aftermarket
activities and support services for the landing gear and wheels
& brakes businesses. Recurring operating income in Security
businesses was slightly up while it was down in Defense activities
compared to the prior-year period

(in € millions) 2014 2015
Recurring operating income 2,089 2,432
% of revenue 13.6% 14.0%
Total non-recurring items (107) (698)
Capital gain (loss) on disposals - -
Impairment net of reversals on intangible assets (45) (641)
Other non-recurring items (62) (57)
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS 1,982 736 |
% of revenue 12.9% 10.0%

ADJUSTED PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS

Adjusted profit from operations fell 12.5% to €1,734 million, or
10.0% of revenue, versus €1,982 million (12.9% of revenue) in 2014.
Non-recurring items represented an expense of €698 million
during 2015, compared to only €107 million in 2014, including
charges amounting to €654 million related to Silvercrest, of which
all intangible assets and other specific assets were written down.

ADJUSTED FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS)

The Group reported an adjusted financial loss of €224 million in
2015, compared to a loss of €165 million in 2014. The financial loss
chiefly reflects the cost of net debt, which was down year-on-year

owing to the fall in interest rates, at €28 million from €42 million
in 2014. The financial loss also includes the cost of unwinding
discounts on certain assets and liabilities (mainly provisions and
repayable advances), as well as the impact of any changes in the
discount rates used. The cumulative impact of these non-cash
items was an expense of €60 million in 2015 and an expense of
€55 million in 2014. The interest cost on post-employment benefit
obligations amounted to €19 million in 2015 versus €25 million one
year earlier. The financial loss for 2015 also includes a non-cash
charge of €84 million arising on the translation of provisions
denominated in US dollars (non-cash charge of €75 million in
2014) and a non-cash charge of €35 million relating to changes
in the fair value of commodity derivatives (non-cash charge of
€10 million in 2014).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

47


--- Page 39 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

ADJUSTED INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Adjusted income tax expense fell from €522 million in 2014 to
€403 million in 2015, representing an effective tax rate of 26.7%
(28.7% in 2014).

GAIN ON DISPOSAL OF INGENICO GROUP SHARES

During 2015, Safran sold its entire remaining stake in Ingenico
Group, amounting to 5.5 million shares representing 9.1% of
Ingenico Group's capital. The shares had been held by the Group
since the contribution to Ingenico Group of the Sagem Monetel
assets in 2008. The sale was accomplished via an off-market

2.1.3 Adjusted key figures by business

SUMMARY OF ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES BY BUSINESS

block trade with Bpifrance, announced on May 19, 2015, and the
subsequent sale of the residual stake by a financial institution on
behalf of Safran, which was completed on July 29, 2015. Safran
received total proceeds of €606 million and recorded a post-tax
capital gain of €421 million.

ADJUSTED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF
THE PARENT

Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent grew by 18.8%
year on year, to €1,482 million or €3.55 per share, compared to
€1,248 million (€3.00 per share) in 2014.

The backlog grew 7% to €68.1 billion in 2015 compared to €63.8 billion in 2014.

Aerospace
Propulsion

Aircraft Equipment

Holding co.

Defense and other

Security

(in € millions) 2016 «2015, 2014 =—_2015 2015) 2014, 2015 2015

Backlog" 41,532 44,181 18,435 19,674 2,209 2,389 1,578 1,902 N/A N/A 63,754 68,147
Orders recorded during the year® 14,187 10,072 5,854 4,359 1,337 1,446 1,463 2,041 N/A N/A 22,841 17,918
Revenue 8,153 9,319 4,446 4,943 1,221 1,266 1,530 1,878 5 8 15,355 17,414
Recurring operating income (loss) 1,633. 1,833 426 = 466 1 64 134 151 (175) (82) 2,089 2,432
Profit (loss) from operations 1,624 1,214 368 423 74 54 109 133 (193) (90) 1,982 1,734
Free cash flow” 380 727° «149° 153 7 - 97 45 97 49° 740-974
Acquisitions of property, plant

and equipment 362 433 «170-181 46 n 59 52 37 21 674 758
Self-funded R&D 894 875 308 229 133 119 129 133 N/A N/A 1,464 1,356
Headcount 25,498 26,268 25,447 25,569 7.411 7,389 8,578 8,667 2,011 2,194 68,945 70,087

(1) The backlog corresponds to orders recorded and not yet recognized in revenue.

(2) Orders recorded represent orders received during the year.

(3) Free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operating activities less changes in working capital and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and

intangible assets.
(4) Net of proceeds from disposals.

48 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 40 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

2.1.3.1 Aerospace Propulsion

KEY FIGURES (ADJUSTED DATA)

2014 2015 change

Quantities delivered

CFMS56 engines 1,560 1,612 3%
(in € millions)
Backlog 41,532 44,181 6%
Orders recorded during the year 14,187 10,072 -29%
Revenue 8,153 9,319 14.3%
Recurring operating income 1,633 1,833 12.2%
Profit from operations 1,624 1,214 -25%
Free cash flow 380 727 91%
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 362 432 19%
Research and development

Self-funded R&D (894) (875) -2%

% of revenue 11.0% 94% -1.6 pts

Research tax credit 58 66 14%

Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (836) (809) -3%

Capitalized expenditure 475 357 -25%

Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (25) (27) 8%

Impact on profit from operations (386) (479) 24%

% of revenue 4.7% 5.1% +0.4 pts
Headcount 25,498 26,268 3%

Aerospace Propulsion acti

Sector

ies can be split into four key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Civil aviation
Military aviation
Helicopter turbine engines

Ballistics and space

66% 70%
10% 9%
15% 13%

9% 8%

REVIEW OF AEROSPACE PROPULSION OPERATIONS,
IN 2015

Aerospace Propulsion recorded revenue of €9,319 million, an
increase of 14.3% compared to revenue in the prior-year period
of €8,153 million. On an organic basis, revenue was up 6.0%.

Revenue growth was primarily driven by services (+22.2%)
which represented 53.5% of total revenues. The civil aftermarket
(measured in USD) increased 18.9% year on year and continues
to be driven by overhauls of recent CFMS56 and GE9O engines
in the context of a favorable environment for airline customers.

Helicopter turbines and military engines also contributed to overall
service revenue growth.

Propulsion OE revenue increased 6.4%. Civil aircraft OE revenue
grew slightly as deliveries of CFM56 engines reached a record
rate (1,612 deliveries, 52 units more than in 2014). Military OE sales
were lower due primarily to Rafale production initially destined
for the French military being diverted towards export customers.
Softer demand affected helicopter turbine OE unit deliveries,
which declined 25%. Revenue was less affected due to currency,
mix and pricing.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 41 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Recurring operating income, at 19.7% of revenue, was €1,833 million,
up 12.2% compared to €1,633 million (20.0% of revenue) a year
earlier. This improvement resulted from healthy growth in services
as well as from increased OE deliveries of CFM56 engines. The
level of expensed R&D increased compared to 2014, primarily due
to the Silvercrest program, expenditure on which ceased to be
capitalized from the second quarter 2014. The stronger USD and
the improvement in the hedged rate had a positive impact on
profitability. However, the increase in expenses rebilled by the
Holding company had a negative impact on recurring income.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS
Ci
Low-thrust engines for civil aircraft (regional and business jets)

Silvercrest (9,500 - 12,000 pounds of thrust)

The Silvercrest engine developed by Safran incorporates
leading-edge technology to offer unrivaled performance, with very
high targets in terms of fuel consumption, reliability and respect
for the environment.

aviation

Silvercrest was chosen by Dassault Aviation for the company’s new
Falcon 5X twin-engine business jet, featuring a large cabin and
long range (5,200 nautical miles, or more than 9,600 km). Safran
supplies the complete integrated powerplant system for this new
jet, including the Silvercrest engine (Snecma), nacelle and thrust
reversers (Aircelle), and the engine suspension system. Silvercrest
was also chosen by Cessna (a Textron Aviation subsidiary) for its
new Citation Longitude business jet. In November 2015, Cessna
announced changes to its range of business jets, including a
redefinition of the Longitude and a different choice of engine
appropriate for a smaller design.

At the end of 2015, the Silvercrest program was reviewed in line
with the development of Dassault Aviation’s Falcon 5X aircraft:
complementary developments on the engine and a revised
schedule have been agreed with the aircraft manufacturer. The
revised schedule provides for engine certification in early 2018,
18 months later than the previous schedule given in May 2015.

On the basis of revised program assumptions, notably new
development expenses, lower volumes and a later entry into
service, Safran has decided to write down all program-related
intangible assets and other program-specific assets resulting in a
one-off, non-cash charge of €654 million.

Furthermore, potential contractual penalties during the
development phase are capped and entirely covered by provisions.
SaM146 (13,500 - 17,800 pounds of thrust)

The SaMI46 engine, developed in partnership with Russian engine
manufacturer NPO Saturn and with the participation of Italian
engine manufacturer Avio Aero, powers Sukhoi's Superjet 100.

A total of 55 SaM146 engines were delivered in 2015 (52 in 2014).
PowerJet is a joint venture set up by Snecma and NPO Saturn

(@ Source: Safran.

50 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

to manage the engine program in terms of development,
production, marketing and sales, and to provide customer support,
maintenance, repair and overhaul services.

PowerJet has also been awarded service contracts for 43 aircraft
operated by airline companies Aeroflot and Interjet.

Passport (13,000 - 18,000 pounds of thrust)

Through Techspace Aero, Safran has a 7% share in Passport, the
new GE engine program designed for the future Bombardier
Global 7000 business jet.

Tests continued in 2015 and two Passport engines were assembled
onto a Global 7000 during the year. The engine should be certified
in 2016 and is expected to come into operation in 2018.

Mid-thrust engines for civil aircraft (short- to medium-haul aircraft)
CFM56 - LEAP

The LEAP engine reported further commercial success in the year,
with new orders and purchase commitments for 1,399 engines
in 2015. The backlog for LEAP topped 10,000 for the A320neo,
Boeing 737 MAX and C919 programs in January 2016

On the A320neo, the LEAP-IA model competes with Pratt & Whitney's
PurePower PWII00G engine. At December 31, 2015, LEAP-1A had
a market share of 53%® in aircraft for which engines had already
been chosen. The LEAP-IB model has been chosen as the sole
engine for the Boeing 737 MAX. The LEAP-IC model is the sole
Western source for the propulsion system (engine plus nacelle)
on COMAC's C919 aircraft.

A record 1,612 CFMS6 engines were delivered by Safran during the
year, compared to 1,560 engines in 2014. More than 29,000 CFM56
engines have been delivered since the launch of the program. The
in-service fleet of CFM56 engines passed the 780 million flying
hours mark in 2015 and the engines are used by 559 customers
and operators.

Taking into account the 736 orders for CFMS6 engines and 1,399
orders for LEAP engines taken during the year, the overall backlog
(CFMS6 + LEAP) represents 13,252 engines at December 31, 2015,
or more than eight years of production at current rates. This
success confirms CFM as leader in the market for 100+ seater
aircraft.

Throughout the year, the flight test program for the LEAP-1A
engine on the A320neo continued under good conditions. Since
the LEAP-1A engine obtained dual certification by the European
Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) in 2015, it will come into operation on
commercial aircraft in 2016.

2015 also saw the roll-out of the first Boeing 737 MAX and C919
aircraft. The first flight of the Boeing 737 MAX powered by LEAP-1B
engines took place on January 29, 2016 at the airport of Renton
(Washington State, US). The LEAP-1B is expected to come into
commercial operation in 2017 and the LEAP-IC in 2018 in line with
the aircraft manufacturers’ schedules.


--- Page 42 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Safran’s ceramic matrix composite (CMC) exhaust cone made
its first commercial flight in 2015 on a CFMS6 engine powering
an Air France A320. This was the first time in the world that a
CMC part flew on a jetliner in commercial service. Thanks to their
exceptional properties, ceramic matrix composites will help meet
the most ambitious goals of aircraft. For a given function, they
provide significant weight savings over metal alloys.

High-thrust engines for civil aircraft (long-haul aircraft)

Deliveries of high-thrust engines were up slightly in 2015, with
695 modules delivered compared to 690 in 2014.

GE90

Safran has an interest of 23.7% in this GE program which currently
enjoys a sole-source position on the Boeing 777, for which it
delivered 221 modules in 2015 versus 234 modules in 2014.

GE9X

Since 2014 Safran has participated in the development of GE's
high-thrust GE9X engine after it was chosen by Boeing as the
exclusive powerplant on its new 777X long-range aircraft. Safran
has a stake of just over 11% in the program through Snecma and
Techspace Aero. Snecma will make the composite fan blades via
CFAN, its joint venture with GE in San Marcos (Texas, US), as well
as design and produce the forward fan casing and rear turbine
frame using 3D woven composite parts thanks to its partnership
with Albany International. Techspace Aero will manufacture the
low-pressure compressor and the fan disk.

GP7200

Safran delivered 91 high- and low-pressure compressor modules
in 2015 compared to 90 in 2014, and has a 17.5% interest in this
engine program which powers the A380. In 2015, 78% of the A380
aircraft delivered in the year were fitted with the GP7200 engine.

GEnx

Safran is a partner on the two GEnx engine programs, with a 7.3%
interest in the GEnx-2B version powering the long-haul Boeing 787
Dreamliner and a 7.7% interest in the GEnx-1B version powering
the long-haul Boeing 747-8. To meet the needs of the US aircraft
manufacturer, Safran delivered 268 compressor modules in 2015,
7 modules more than in 2014.

CF6 family - LM6000

A total of 115 modules for the CF6 engines powering certain A330
and Boeing 767 aircraft and LM6000 gas turbines were delivered
in 2015. Safran’s interest in this program ranges from 10% to 19.4%
for the CF6 engine and from 8.6% to 12% for the LM6000 gas
turbine.

Service agreements

Safran has signed service agreements with GE for its high-thrust
GE90, GP7200 and GE9X engines. Service agreements for the
GE90 engines were also signed in the year by GE with several
airline companies.

Industrial operations

Continuing its efforts to develop the engines of the future,
in September 2015 Safran kicked off construction of a second
open-air engine test stand at its Istres facility (Bouches-du-Rhéne,
France). The new engine test stand, weighing over 100 tons,
is based on a pylon stretching 18 meters high and has a data
acquisition system with 1,200 measurement lines, including fuel
consumption, dynamic and mechanical performance, and acoustic
signature. The installation will be up and running in 2016 to test
the LEAP engine and the Open Rotor” demonstrator. It could also
be used for other engine configurations that Safran will be testing
in the coming years.

Military aviation
M88

A total of 22 M88 engines were delivered for the Rafale in 2015,
including those fitted on the first three Rafale fighter jets delivered
to the Egyptian air force. The in-service fleet topped the 416,000
flying hours mark worldwide during the year.

In 2015, Safran took 48 orders for the Rafale for the export market
(24 for Egypt and 24 for Qatar). At the beginning of 2016, during
the French President's visit to India, the proposed purchase of
Rafale aircraft by the Indian government took a further step
forward, with certain marketing aspects still to be negotiated with
manufacturers. Discussions are continuing with the United Arab
Emirates (UAE) for the purchase of 60 Rafale aircraft and other
prospective customers are being canvassed.

TP400

The TP400 is the Western world’s largest ever turboprop engine.
Having been awarded both civil and military certification, the
TP400 meets the highest safety standards of global civil aviation
and provides potential export opportunities for the A400M.

A total of 59 engines were delivered in 2015 (53 in 2014) and the
backlog at the end of the year stood at 571 engines for the A400OM
aircraft ordered by Airbus Defence & Space.

ADOUR

A total of 20 Adour engines were delivered in 2015 for the BAe
Hawk trainer aircraft. The backlog at the end of 2015 stood at
39 engines.

Spare part and service activities

During the year Snecma inaugurated a new site in Bordeaux
(Gironde, France) that will house its Military Engine division.
Located near France's Air Force Command (CFA), the SIMMAD
military aircraft maintenance organization and the Bordeaux
industrial aviation workshop (AIA), this new facility will optimize
support services for military aircraft engines used by the French
armed forces.

(@ Engine with two counter-rotating, unducted fans developed within the scope of the European Clean Sky research program.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

51


--- Page 43 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Ballistics and space

Airbus Group and Safran joined forces during the year in a bid
to boost the competitiveness of the European space launcher
business by creating Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL). This new
50/50 joint venture opens a new chapter in the history of the
space launcher industry, combining Airbus Defence and Space’s
launcher expertise with Safran’s expertise in liquid and solid rocket
propulsion.

The initial phase of merging the Airbus Group and Safran space
launcher businesses began in January 2015 with the combination
of their activities under civil launcher programs and ASL is now
prime contractor for the European Ariane 5 launcher. Six launches
were successfully carried out in 2015. The excellent reliability of
the Ariane 5 heavy launcher was confirmed in the year with its
69" consecutive successful launch.

To guarantee Europe autonomous access to space in fully
competitive conditions, ASL and the European Space Agency
(ESA) signed an agreement in August 2015 to develop the Ariane 6
new-generation launcher, with a first launch slated for 2020. At
the time of the agreement, the ESA also confirmed that ASL
and European Launch Vehicle (ELV) will work together on the
P120C solid propellant boosters (for both the Ariane 6 and Vega-C
launchers) and that ELV will continue to manage the evolution of
the Vega to the Vega-C, whose first launch is expected in 2018.

As part of its new launcher policy, ESA will oversee procurement
and the architecture of the overall launch systems, while industry
is developing the launchers, with ASL as prime contractor and
design authority for the Ariane 6, and ELV for Vega-C. CNES
(French national center for space studies) is prime contractor for
the Ariane 6 ground segment.

Ultimately, ASL will include all civil and military launch activities
of both groups.

Safran is also an important contributor to Vega, the European
launch vehicle. Three Vega launchers successfully achieved lift-off
from the space center in French Guiana in 2015.

Regarding the naval component of France's nuclear deterrent
force, a bench test for the thruster representing the third stage of
the M51.3 strategic missile was completed successfully during the
year. This test was chiefly designed to validate the technological
developments used for the thruster.

In 2015, Space Systems/Loral (SS/L) selected Safran’s PPS"1350
plasma thrusters for its telecom platforms, marking Safran’s first
export contract for Safran’s plasma thrusters. The long-term
contract comprises a firm order from SS/L for several thruster
flight sets between 2016 and 2018, as well as options on additional

deliveries. It covers different models of the PPS"1350, including
the PPS"1350-E, which has increased discharge power up to
2.5 kW, enabling it to handle partial orbital raising, along with
stationkeeping. The PPS" is the only thruster of its type now on
the global market.

Safran’s PPS"5000 thruster was selected by Airbus Defence and
Space in 2014 as leading supplier to fit its Eurostar 3000 Electric
Orbit Raising (EOR) satellite platform, for missions calling on
electric propulsion for orbit raising. The contract to supply the
first PPS* 5000 flight set was signed in 2015. Delivery of the first
flight set to Airbus Defence and Space is scheduled for 2016.

Helicopter turbines and auxiliary power units

A total of 625 helicopter engines were delivered in 2015.
Light helicopters

This segment continued to grow throughout the year:

@ Arriel 2N, the latest edition to the Arriel 2+ engine family,
was certified by EASA in January 2015. Selected by Airbus
Helicopters, the Arriel 2N will power the new ASS65 military
helicopter, the AS565 MBe Panther;

¢@ Airbus Helicopters’ H145M fitted with Arriel 2E engines was
certified by EASA in May 2015. The first deliveries of this
military version of the H145 (formerly EC145 T2) were made
at the end of 2015;

* the Arrius 2R engine was certified by EASA in December.
Selected to power the new Bell 505 Jet Ranger X helicopter,
Arrius 2R is the only turbine engine equipped with dual-channel
Full Authority Digital Entry Control (FADEC) system in the
500 shp engine class. Production of the new helicopter will
begin in 2016 at Bell Helicopter’s new plant in Lafayette
(Louisiana, US)

At the China Helicopter Exhibition (Heli-Expo) held in Tianjun
in mid-September, 100 light single-engine helicopters (Airbus
Helicopters H125 and H130) fitted with Arriel turboshaft engines
were ordered by a Chinese aircraft leasing company. Targeting
general aviation operators, these products will enable Safran to
play a part in the development of the helicopter market in China.

During the year, the Arriel 2C2 and 2L2 engines were also selected
to respectively power the future South Korean Light Civil Helicopter
(LCH) and Light Armed Helicopter (LAH). Jointly developed and
marketed by Airbus Helicopter and Korean Aerospace Industries
(KAI), these new helicopters should be in operation by 2020 (LCH)
and by 2022 (LAH).

@ European Launch Vehicle (ELV) is a joint venture between the Italian Space Agency and Avio S,p.A.

52 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 44 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Medium-weight helicopters

Throughout the year, the Arrano engine underwent numerous
development and certification tests enabling its performance
levels to be validated. This engine incorporates the results of
several research projects, including products and processes
validated by the Tech800 demonstrator. Arrano was selected in
2015 as the sole engine for Airbus Helicopter’s new H160 model.
The engine completed its first flight on the H160 in January 2016
and is expected to enter into service in 2018.

In the first half of the year, the Ardiden 1H1/Shakti engine was
chosen by the Indian helicopter manufacturer Hindustan
Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to power its future twin-engine light
combat helicopters (LCH). This win marks renewed success for
Safran in the context of its 50-year partnership with HAL.

In September, the Ardiden 3C/WZ16 engine completed its
first flight on an AC352/Z-15 (Chinese name for the helicopter
developed in partnership with Airbus Helicopters on the basis of
the ECI75) at Marignane in France. This was the result of close
cooperation with Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC)
and will allow Safran to benefit from opportunities offered by the
growing helicopter market in China over the next decade.

Heavy-lift helicopters

Throughout the year, Safran continued tests on the Tech 3000
demonstrator, which will be at the heart of a new family of engines
in the 3000 shp range designed to meet the engine needs of
new-generation helicopters weighing 10 tons or more. Tech 3000
will enable Safran to validate the design and core performance of
such new high-power engines, able to deliver a 25% improvement
in fuel efficiency compared to the state-of-the-art engines available
today on the market in this segment.

Helicopter turbine engine services

Although engine repair services and flying hours - particularly
by helicopter operators in the oil industry and in emerging
countries - are stagnating, maintenance services provided for
Safran’s turbine helicopter engines advanced in 2015 and new
support-by-the-hour (SBH) contracts were signed. At the end of
the year, 4,350 engines were covered by service agreements for
410 civil and military customers.

At the 2015 Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, Safran signed a
memorandum of understanding with HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics
Ltd.) establishing a joint venture to support customers in India
and around the world. This joint venture will provide maintenance,
repair and overhaul (MRO) services for Safran engines or engines
made locally under license, and used in India, particularly by
the country’s armed forces. The venture will initially provide
maintenance support for the TM333 and Ardiden 1H1/Shakti
engines.

A new warranty program was launched in 2015. The Turbomeca
Care Program" offers users of Safran helicopter engines a wide
range of solutions such as warranty extensions for new engines and
pre-buy inspections in the case of a resale. The new service, the
first to be launched by an engine manufacturer on the helicopter
market, will help to enhance the residual value of helicopters fitted
with Safran engines.

At the 2015 Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, Safran demonstrated
its commitment to remaining a first-choice engine provider of the
helicopter industry as it celebrated its engine range passing the
100 million flying hours mark.

Auxiliary power units (APUs)

During the year Safran continued to develop new auxiliary power
units (APUs) for business jets (the APSSOO[D] and APS2[800]
will power Dassault Aviation’s future Falcon 5X and Bombardier's
Global 7000 business jets, respectively)

A new APU production facility for commercial aircraft was
inaugurated in September in San Diego (California, US) to partner
Safran's growth on the corporate aviation market.

In March, Safran and Bell Air Aviation A/S signed a five-year
support agreement for the e-APU60 fitted on the Danish operator's
AWI89 helicopters.

As part of the Rafale program, Safran also signed export
agreements to supply the APU and starter, and renewed the
Global Support Package (MCO) with the SIMMAD military aircraft
maintenance organization for a further five years.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

53


--- Page 45 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

2.1.3.2. Aircraft Equipment

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES

(in € mi 2014 2015 change
Backlog 18,435 19,674 7%
Orders recorded during the year 5,854 4,359 -26%
Revenue 4466 4,943 11%
Recurring operating income 426 466 %
Profit from operations 368 423 15%
Free cash flow 149 153 3%
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 170 181 6%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (308) (229) -26%
% of revenue 6.9% 4.6% -2.3 pts
Research tax credit 46 46 -
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (262) (183) -30%
Capitalized expenditure 122 98 -20%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (37) (40) 8%
Impact on profit from operations (177) (125) -29%
% of revenue 4.0% 2.5% -1.5 pts
Headcount 25,447 25,569 -

Aircraft Equipment activities can be split into three key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

Sector

% of business line revenue

Landing and aircraft systems
Engine systems and equipment

Electrical systems and engineering

45% 48%
26% 23%
29% 29%

REVIEW OF AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT OPERATIONS
IN 2015

The Aircraft Equipment segment reported revenue of
€4,943 million, up 11.2%, or slightly down (-0.9%) on an organic
basis, compared to €4,446 million in 2014. Service revenue grew
by 15.6%, including the effect of the stronger USD, and accounts
for 29.9% of sales.

Deliveries of wiring shipsets and landing gear to Airbus for the
A350 program grew in line with the program production rate.

5b | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Those for the 787 program, which had driven strong OE growth
throughout 2014, showed modest increases this year. Lower
deliveries of A330 thrust reversers are the reflection of an
announced assembly rate drop of that aircraft. 104 nacelles for
A380 were delivered in 2015, compared to 112 in 2014.

Growth in services was driven primarily by carbon brakes and
landing gear aftermarket. Safran is the world leader in carbon
brakes for commercial aircraft over 100 seats with over 7,500
aircraft equipped worldwide.


--- Page 46 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Recurring operating income was €466 million (9.4% of revenue),
an increase of 9.4% compared to €426 million (9.6% of revenue)
in 2014 including a 1.2% organic improvement. The good
performance in carbon brakes and landing gear aftermarket
activities, as a result of a larger installed base and continued air
traffic growth, continued to contribute to profit growth. In nacelles,
a favorable pricing effect was offset by lighter overall OE volumes
(increasing A320 and regional business jet nacelle deliveries
did not entirely compensate for lower A380 and A330 nacelle
deliveries) and a slight decline in support activities. In electrical
systems, pricing pressure is temporarily weighing on margins.
Strong cost reduction and productivity actions are now in place
to mitigate the impacts and drive operating margin improvements.
Lastly, the increase in expenses rebilled by the Holding company
to the various subsidiaries has had a negative impact on operating
margins.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Landing and aircraft systems

Landing gear

A total of 1,370 landing gear units were delivered by Safran in 2015,
on a par with the units delivered in 2014.

To meet the increase in production rates of the Boeing 787
aircraft, 127 units were delivered by Safran in the year (118 in 2014).
Deliveries consisted of all landing gear versions, including the new
Boeing 787-9 jetliner. A total of 32 units were also delivered during
the year for the new A350 aircraft (16 in 2014).

During the year Safran was selected to become the main service
provider for landing gear maintenance on the entire Airbus A320
fleet operated by IAG (International Airlines Group). This new
contract cements Safran’s position in landing gear maintenance
and repair services.

Wheels and brakes

At December 31, 2015, more than 7,500 aircraft were equipped with
carbon brakes, giving Safran a share of over 50% of the market
for 100+ seater civilian aircraft equipped with carbon brakes.

Safran’s market share on Airbus A320ceo aircraft fitted with
carbon brakes represented 72%” at December 31, 2015. Safran
was also selected by Airbus to supply carbon brakes meeting
the requirements of its new A320neo single-aisle aircraft. Already
selected by eight airline companies for a cumulative total of almost
600 aircraft at December 31, 2015, Safran’s carbon brakes for
the A32Oneo offer better cooling and lower maintenance costs
compared to those for the A320ceo.

Safran's market share on Boeing 737NG aircraft fitted with carbon
brakes represents 65%”. A long-standing partner of Boeing, Safran
was selected by the US aircraft manufacturer in 2014 to supply
wheels and carbon brakes for all models of the Boeing 737 MAX
(new engine option). At December 31, 2015, four airline companies
had chosen Safran carbon brakes for the Boeing 737 MAX,
representing a cumulative total of 50 aircraft.

Safran's electric brakes for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner continue
to capture market share and at end-2015 had been chosen for
305 aircraft operated by 32 airline companies. Electric brakes are
currently fitted on 187 in-service aircraft.

(Source: Safran.

EGTS™

To meet the demand for more integrated equipment offerings from
both aircraft manufacturers and airlines, Safran and Honeywell set
up a joint venture, EGTS International, in 2012. This venture allows
them to pool their complementary expertise and work together
to develop and market a new EGTS, ie. taxiing without the use
of engine power.

Persistently low oil prices are contributing to a challenging
environment. EGTS International continues to work with
prospective partners and customers to assess alternative means
of bringing EGTS to the market.

The EGTS joint venture has rolled out a campaign among its major
future customers to confirm commercial assumptions.

Landing and braking control systems

In all, 2,850 landing and braking control systems and associated
systems equipment were delivered by Safran to its clients’
assembly lines in 2015.

Lifting, steering and braking systems continued to be successfully
delivered for the A350 in the context of a major ramp-up.

In the field of innovation, Safran continues to offer its customers
services that draw on the analysis of data from equipment and
control systems so that it can offer preventive maintenance and
therefore increase operational fleet availability, particularly for the
Airbus.

Engine systems and equipment
Nacelles and thrust reversers

During the year Safran was selected to supply PERT” (Planar Exit
Rear Target) thrust reversers to equip the two turbofan engines on
the Citation Longitude, Cessna’s future super-midsize business jet.
The patented PERT thrust reverser features two blocker doors that
serve as the engine's exhaust exit during flight, and are deployed
on landing for the reverse thrust function. This concept combines
thrust reverser effectiveness with an optimized weight.

A number of decisive advances were made in 2015:

¢ first flight for the A320neo fitted with the LEAP-1A engine
nacelle;

@ roll-out of China-based COMAC's first C919 aircraft featuring the
LEAP-IC integrated propulsion system package (CFM engine/
Nexcelle nacelle);

@ first test flight of a A380 nacelle with electroluminescent
marking developed by Safran

During the year Safran also successfully completed the Critical
Design Review of the nacelle for the Rolls-Royce Trent 7000
engine on the A33Oneo (Airbus A330 new engine option).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 47 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Services

In nacelle-associated services, Safran signed a service agreement
with Qatar Airways to provide maintenance support for nacelles
fitted onto its A340 fleet.

Mechanical power transmission systems

In 2015, Safran and Rolls-Royce created Aero Gearbox International,
a 50/50 joint venture specializing in the design, development
and production of accessory drive train transmission systems
and in aftermarket services. The new venture will capitalize
on its parent companies’ combined experience and expertise,
encompassing the entire range of Rolls-Royce’s future civil
aircraft engines. Aero Gearbox International is already working
on the Trent 7000 engine powering the Airbus A33Oneo and the
BR 700 NG engine for Bombardier's new business jet programs.

Industrial operations

Within the scope of their Aero Gearbox International joint
venture, Safran and Rolls-Royce began the construction of a new
mechanical power transmission plant in south-east Poland. The
new plant will ultimately house approximately 110 workers and is
expected to be operational at the beginning of 2017.

To meet the needs of the LEAP and Silvercrest programs, Safran
announced that it was to start building a new production plant in
2016 located in south-east Poland. The plant will have a surface
area of 8,000 sq.m. and will employ approximately 100 people to
produce low-pressure turbine blades. Safran will extend its existing
capacity in Poland to produce low-pressure compressors.

Electrical systems and engineering
Power generation and distribution systems

Safran can call on its engineering and research teams to develop
cutting-edge electrical solutions for all the energy needs of an
aircraft. Driven by its ambition to continue developing in this
critical Aerospace segment, in 2014 Safran finalized its acquisition
of Eaton Aerospace's power distribution businesses, putting it in
an ideal position to successfully pursue its development in the
“more electric” aircraft field

In 2015, Safran was selected by Textron Aviation to design, develop,
produce and provide support for the main power unit generation
system of the future Cessna Citation Longitude business jet.

It was also pre-selected by Honeywell to develop and supply the
ram air turbine (RAT) for the Boeing 777X program.

At the 2015 Paris Air Show in Le Bourget, Safran entered into a
long-term agreement with Pilatus Aircraft Ltd on the provision of
power generation systems for the Pilatus Porter aircraft family.
Safran will also provide in-service and aftermarket support for the
lifetime of these aircraft.

56 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Electrical wiring interconnection systems (EWIS)

Safran was chosen by Airbus to design and produce the wiring
harness for the fuselage (excluding the nose section) of the
Beluga XL, a modified version of the A330 cargo plane, whose
maiden flight is planned for 2018. Design work has already begun
for Safran Engineering Services teams working on-site at its client's
premises in Toulouse. Production of the wiring harnesses will be
shared between Safran’s plants in France, Morocco and Mexico.

In February 2015, the first harness to be fitted to the wing-tips
of the C919 was delivered by the joint venture Saifei (51%-owned
by COMAC and 49%-owned by Safran). Based in Shanghai, Saifei
specializes in design, development, production and customer
support for EWIS systems for the Aerospace market in the
Asia-Pacific region.

As part of the restructuring of its North American operations,
in early 2015 Safran announced that it intended to transfer its
EWIS activities currently based at Salisbury (Maryland, US) to its
plant in Denton, Texas. The restructuring also includes the opening
of a new plant in Chihuahua in Mexico to accommodate certain
activities transferred from Denton. This strategic decision was
taken in response to an increasingly competitive market resulting
in strong downward pressure on prices.

Over the next four years, Matis Aerospace (a 50/50 joint venture
between Safran and Boeing) will start to produce engine harnesses
for CFM’s LEAP program and wiring harnesses for the Boeing 737,
777 and 787 families and for Dassault’s Falcon 5X business jet.
In 2016, the Casablanca plant will be extended by 4,380 sq.m. in
order to increase production capacity.

In the middle of May during Sikorsky’s annual supplier summit in
West Palm Beach (Florida, US), Safran was awarded Gold Supplier
status by the helicopter manufacturer for the fifth consecutive
year. Gold Supplier recognizes best-in-class performance in quality,
delivery and customer satisfaction.

Safran has continued to step up its deliveries for the various
aircraft in the A350 range. The engineering studies are nearing
completion with the end of the development phase and the
beginning of production.

Ventilation systems and electrical engines

Safran customer satisfaction in terms of both service and product
quality was recognized and rewarded in 2015. The Company
was awarded the prize for the most progress made in Airbus
Helicopter’s “SQIP” supplier category. Safran also ranked within
the “Excellent” category in Airbus’ survey of around 118 of its airline
customers for the quality of its aftermarket services.

Safran was selected to produce FADEC (Full Authority Digital
Engine Control) cooling systems for LEAP-IB engines. This new
contract enables Safran to benefit from an exclusive partnership
on the LEAP engines developed by CFM International, set to power
the future generation of single-aisle civil aircraft.


--- Page 48 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group’s performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Engineering services

In 2015, Duncan Aviation and Safran strengthened their existing
partnership to create a new STC, or Supplemental Type Certificate
(a US aviation authority-approved major modification or repair to
an existing certified aircraft) for FANS-1/A (Future Air Navigation
System), an avionics system that provides direct data-link
communication between the pilot and the air traffic controller.
This solution will power Bombardier’s Challenger 601-3A/3R
business jet.

2.1.3.3 Defense

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES

Research expenses are set to decrease for engineering companies
with the end of the development of major programs, such as
Boeing 787-10 and Airbus A350. Since late 2014, this decrease
has already been significant and is expected to amplify in the next
few years, forcing Safran to find new areas for growth and to adapt
the scope of its activities.

€ millions) 2014 2015
Backlog 2,209 2,389 8%
Orders recorded during the year 1,337 1,446 8%
Revenue 1,221 1,266 4%
Recurring operating income al 64 -10%
Profit from operations 74 54 -27%
Free cash flow 7 - N/A
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 46 n 54%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (133) (119) -11%
% of revenue 10.9% 9.4% -1.5 pts
Research tax credit 35 37 6%
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (98) (82) -16%
Capitalized expenditure 26 24 -8%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (1) (21) 90%
Impact on profit from operations (83) (79) 5%
% of revenue 6.8% 6.2% -0.2 pts
Headcount 7AM 7,389 -

Defense activities can be split into three key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

Sector

% of business line revenue

Optronics
Avionics

Electronics and critical software

41% 41%
49% 49%
10% 10%

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015



--- Page 49 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

REVIEW OF DEFENSE OPERATIONS IN 2015

Full-year 2015 revenue of €1,266 million was up 3.7%, or down 1.6%
onan organic basis, compared to revenue of €1,221 million in 2014.
Revenue was flattish in all activities, as expected. In optronics,
the end of deliveries of FELIN equipment to the French Army
was offset by the strong increase in sales of sighting systems
for combat vehicles and naval applications. The slight decline
in Avionics sales was driven by a drop in volumes of inertial
navigation and flight control systems, partially compensated
by the growing contribution of support activities and aircraft
information systems revenue. Order intake was strong in 2015 and
indicative of a positive future revenue trend,

Full-year 2015 recurring operating income at €64 million (5.1%
of revenue) was down 9.9% compared to €71 million (5.8% of
revenue) in 2014. The decline is principally due to the run-off of the
deliveries of FELIN equipment, not yet fully offset by new contracts,
and to an unfavorable mix of products. Additionally, investments
to improve industrial performance and sustained R&D effort to
maintain technological differentiation put temporary pressure on
margins and will drive future profitability improvements.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS.
Optronics

Modernizing infantry

Following the last FELIN equipment suite deliveries for soldier
modernization programs to the French armed forces, in 2015
Safran developed several upgrades to the system in response
to an order from the French Directorate General of Weapons
Procurement (DGA), reducing the equipment’s mass and taking
account of on-the-ground feedback.

Safran also provides support for the systems delivered and used
in active service.

FELIN continues to attract interest outside France, with its good
performance in the French armed forces further cementing its
reputation.

Portable optronic equipment, sight equipment and drones

Thermal goggles and imagers

A host of commercial success stories in portable optronics in
2015 confirms the front-ranking position of Safran technology,
particularly with its JIM multifunction goggles. Over 600 goggles
were delivered to France and the export market in 2015, including
480 for the French Army. Over 8,000 goggles are now in-service
or on-order across the globe.

Throughout the year, Safran supplied portable optronics
equipment such as goggles (JIM, Vector and Moskito), telemetric
rangefinders and digital magnetic compasses, either directly or
through its subsidiary Vectronix (in Switzerland and the US) to

58 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

various countries including the US and the UK. In 2015, Vectronix
also launched its new higher-usability, lower-weight MOSKITO TI
onto the market.

Safran also continued to invest in R&D to develop new portable
optronics products allowing it to maintain its leadership over the
long term.

Onboard optronic equipment

Sea: During the year Safran delivered and installed EOMS-NG
observation and fire direction systems for anti-aircraft defense
frigates operated by the French Navy. In the periscope business,
Safran successfully completed the Critical Design Review for
optronic attack masts following its selection in 2014 to develop
and supply this equipment for the French Navy's Barracuda
submarines. The last two optronic surveillance masts for the same
Barracuda submarines also successfully completed the acceptance
tests. On the export market, the Group scored a number of
commercial wins in Canada, the Middle East and Asia with its Vigy
Observer panoramic stabilized observation system, and with the
Vampyr new-generation optronic surveillance system.

Air: Through Optrolead, its joint venture with Thales, Safran
continues to take an active role in the design contract for
fourth-generation airborne gyrostabilized pods incorporating
several types of sensors, which will offer industry-beating
performances particularly adapted to very long-range MALE
(medium-altitude long-endurance) drones. The DGA awarded
Safran the last tranche of this design contract in 2015.

As part of the Tiger helicopter program, the DGA awarded
the Company the design contract for the first stages in the
development of the STRIX new-generation turret-mounted
observation and sighting systems

Land: The new PASEO multifunction sight for armored vehicles
was unveiled at the Eurosatory tradeshow in 2014 and has
attracted keen interest both in France and from international
customers. The first major commercial contract wins for PASEO
were recorded in 2015:

@ in France, as part of the infantry modernization program
(Scorpion), the Ministry of Defense awarded Nexter, Thales
and Renault Trucks Defense the contract to develop two
vehicles: the Griffon multi-role armored vehicle and the Jaguar
reconnaissance and combat armored vehicle. Through its joint
venture Optrolead (Thales Optronique SA/Sagem), Safran took
an order to adapt 500 PASEO optronic sights for these two
vehicles;

@ inthe export market, the Group took an order from CMI Defence
for around 1,500 PASEO sights to equip turrets on tanks
operated by armed forces in the Middle East.

Renault Trucks Defense selected Safran to supply triple-sensor
imagers that will be fitted to the remotely-operated turrets of
the Griffon, representing 855 units in total under the Scorpion
program.


--- Page 50 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

Drones

In 2015, the Patroller drone operated successfully in homeland
security tests in Portugal within the scope of AIRBEAM (AIRBorne
information for Emergency situation Awareness and Monitoring),
a European integrated project.

Harnessing its experience in drone flight control, during the year
Safran took part in the Civil Drone Committee under the authority
of the DGAC® with other major aviation players, contractors, drone
operators and some 20 SMEs.

In early 2016, Safran was awarded the contract for the French
Army's tactical drone system with Patroller. The contract provides
for the delivery of 14 drones starting in 2018: two systems each
with five drones, and four drones for training purposes.

Safran worked on the DGA’s invitation to bid for the new French
tactical drone throughout the year in an effort to meet the urgent
needs of the armed forces. The Patroller system crystallizes the
industrial drone expertise developed by Safran over the past
25 years and draws on a network of French SMEs. The contract will
enable Safran to boost employment and the skills available in its
plants, where the drone’s final integration and the ground station
will be completed. The Patroller system has aroused considerable
international interest thanks chiefly to its versatility and dual
positioning in both civil security and military air surveillance.

High-performance optics

Safran subsidiary Reosc was selected by the European Southern
Observatory (ESO), the foremost intergovernmental astronomy
organization in Europe, to manufacture the fourth mirror (M4)
for the 39-meter diameter European Extremely Large Telescope
(E-ELT). Installed in Chile and expected to be operational as from
2024, the E-ELT will be the biggest telescope ever made.

Avionics

Navi

lion systems and sensors

Investments made by Safran over the past few years in Coriolis,
a world-class industrial facility based in Montlucon (France), has
enabled it to meet the high-precision demands of its French
customers in the following segments:

* aerospace (Rafale, A400M and NH90 for Dassault Aviation,
Airbus Defence and Space and Airbus Helicopters, respectively);

sea (deterrent and attack submarines and surface ships for the
French Navy and DCNS);

¢@ land (precision orientation and location for Nexter or
TDA Armements);

@ missiles and space (strategic and tactical equipment and
engines for Airbus Defence and Space, Thales Alenia Space
and MBDA).

(Directorate General for Civil Aviation.

Safran also met the needs of its export customers throughout
the year.

Thousands of cutting-edge inertial systems and sensors were
produced in Coriolis in 2015, including gyrolasers and hemispherical
resonator gyros (HRG), vibrating Quapason™ gyroscopes and
vibrating accelerometers. These technologies are incorporated into
Safran's SIGMA, BlueNaute and EPSILON inertial systems, which
are among the market leaders across the globe.

From a commercial standpoint, the BlueNaute navigation system
was selected on two occasions for different types of ship by the
US Coast Guard, the leading reference in navigation in the US.

Following the Rafale’s advances in the export market (Egypt and
Qatar), Safran received orders to deliver the equipment suite
including the two inertial navigation systems, the load system
interface unit (BISE), and the flight control units for each fighter
aircraft.

Seekers and guidance systems

Sales of the Rafale in Egypt and Qatar were accompanied by major
contracts for the AASM (Modular Air-to-Ground Weapon), allowing
production to continue after 2018. Safran also took an order for
ADIR infrared seekers for Mica air-to-air missiles in Egypt.

Flight control and actuation systems

In 2015, Airbus Helicopters chose Safran to supply the redundant
backup computer for the electric flight control systems on its
future X6 helicopter.

Throughout the year, Safran also continued to work on the
flap controls for Dassault Aviation’s Falcon 5X (computer and
actuators), and on the Horizontal Stabilizer Trim Control System
(HSTCS) for Embraer’s KC-390 military transport aircraft, which
completed its first flight in February 2015.

Onboard information systems/Data management and services

The Aircraft Condition Monitoring System (ACMS) data recording
device and its upgraded version offering Wireless Extension For
ACMS (WEFA) on the ground was selected by several new airline
companies in 2015, including Indigo, GoAir and Lufthansa (second
order), as well as a number of Chinese airlines.

Some 20 new Flight Data Management (FDM) service agreements
based on Cassiopée infrastructure were signed in 2015 with
customers in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Demand remains
brisk for the Analysis Ground Station (AGS) solution, which stores,
reads and analyzes flight data, particularly at the end of 2015 in
Japan with ANA and in China with China Southern.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2

59


--- Page 51 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adju:

Electronics and critical software

Fadec Alliance Inc., a joint venture set up by GE and Fadec
International (itself a joint venture between Safran and BAe)
supplies next-generation Full Authority Digital Engine Control
(FADEC 4) devices to be fitted to the LEAP and Passport engines.

In 2015, FADEC 4 successfully completed the milestones
for the three aircraft onto which it will be fitted (A320neo,
Boeing 737 MAX and C919).

2.1.3.4 Security

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES

sted data

GE Aviation also chose Fadec Alliance to supply the FADEC for its
GE9X engine powering the Boeing 777Xx. Several milestones were
completed in 2015, including the launch and preliminary design
review.

The 1,000" Electric Brake Actuation Controller (EBAC) for the
Boeing 787 was produced in September.

Finally, the Group continued to develop the FADEC control
software for Snecma’s Silvercrest engine and for Turbomeca
engines.

(in € mi 2014 2015 change
Backlog 1,578 1,902 21%
Orders recorded during the year 1,463 2,041 40%
Revenue 1,530 1,878 23%
Recurring operating income 134 151 13%
Profit from operations 109 133 22%
Free cash flow 97 45 54%
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 59 52 -12%
Research & development
Self-funded R&D (129) (133) 3%
% of revenue 84% 7.1% -1.3 pts
Research tax credit 12 16 33%
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (117) (117) -
Capitalized expenditure 21 16 -24%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (5) (7) 40%
Impact on profit from operations (101) (108) 7%
% of revenue 6.6% 5.8% -0.8 pts
Headcount 8,578 8,667 1%

Security activities can be split into two key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Identity and Security

Detection

87% 85%

13% 15%

60 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015



--- Page 52 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

REVIEW OF SECURITY OPERATIONS IN 2015

The Security activities reported 2015 revenue of €1,878 million,
up 22.7% compared to prior-year revenue of €1,530 million. On an
organic basis, revenue increased strongly by 11.0%.

All activities reported organic increases in revenue. Identification
grew strongly, particularly Government Solutions activities in
South America, Europe and the Middle East/Africa. Revenue
also grew in the US (Federal and State enrollment contracts and
driving licenses). Smart chip sales increased thanks to higher
volumes in banking and favorable mix in telco. Detection revenues
were higher than a year ago due to the strong increase in CTX
tomographic equipment shipments and to the success of the new
trace detection system Itemizer 4DX.

Recurring operating income was up 12.7% at €151 million (8.0%
of revenue) compared to €134 million (8.8% of revenue) in 2014.
The growth results from the increased contribution of government
ID contracts, principally in Europe, the Americas and the Middle
East/Africa. Investments in new commercial offers to address new
markets, notably in digital identity, were partially offset by the
positive impact of cost reduction actions, particularly in the smart
chip business.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Identity and Security
Government solutions

Safran supplies identification solutions for governments under
various agreements. These can include population data collection
and listing, and production and personalization of identity
documents. The widespread growth of digital technologies and the
intensifying shift towards electronic management of government
services creates new opportunities for growth. Safran has a
comprehensive range of solutions and services for government
markets, from ID document management to use.

The main contracts won by Safran in 2015 in the field of civil
identification solutions were linked to planned elections in Africa.
In Ivory Coast, Safran updated the electoral roll and supplied over
6.3 million voter cards thanks to the deployment of 20,000 secure
biometric MorphoTablets. These tablets made it possible to record
citizens’ biometric data and verify their identity on election day.
MorphoTablets, which were used to secure the voting process, also
helped to ensure a smooth legislative election process in Egypt.
Safran also signed a contract with Chad's Independent National
Electoral Commission to supply a biometric enrollment system that
also manages electoral rolls along with biometric voter cards for
the 2016 presidential elections.

Safran is the only supplier of enrollment services for the TSA Pre/®
program run by the US Transportation Security Administration

(TSA). The TSA Pre¥® program is an expedited security screening
program which allows passengers considered low-risk to receive
expedited security screening when departing from over 150 US
airports. In January 2016, over 2 million US passengers were
enrolled in the program

As part of the Aadhaar program in India, at end-December 2015
the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) had delivered
almost 960 million unique identification numbers to Indian
residents. Safran is the only supplier present at all levels of this
project, which encompasses data base management, biometric
sensor supply and population enrollment. Alternate usages have
been confirmed for the technology following on from the project,
in particular for the banking and telecom operator industries.

In digital identification solutions, Safran increased its business in
the UK and the US. In the UK, it launched Secureldentity, a new
mobile application allowing citizens and residents to securely
access online government services while guaranteeing data
confidentiality. In the US, Safran launched its first project for
mobile driving licenses on smartphones with employees of the
lowa Department of Transportation. Ultimately, lowa residents will
no longer need to present their physical driving licenses since the
authorities will accept the digital license in routine checks. In 2015,
Safran delivered over 70 million driver's licenses to 41 States in the
US, covering around 85% of the US population.

Business solutions

Safran sold almost 160 million bank cards to financial institutions
in 2015.

To consolidate its presence on the banking market, Safran put
in place a number of strategic partnerships for the production
and customization of bank cards mostly incorporating
state-of-the-art EMV (Europay International, MasterCard, Visa)
payment technology. Partnerships were established in Brazil with
Elo, a Brazilian payment association founded by Banco do Brasil,
Bradesco and Caixa; in the Philippines with Banner Plasticard; and
in Panama with FESA Card Panama. Safran also teamed up with
Visa for the JMV Wave dual interface chip card, available for Visa
financial institution clients in Asia-Pacific, Eastern Europe, Africa
and the Middle East. The JMV Wave card has been designed to
meet all of Visa's current requirements for contactless payment
technology, Visa payWave, in these regions. To reinforce online
transaction security, Safran also acquired AirTag, a French start-up
specialized in innovative mobile payment solutions for banks,
payment networks and retail.

To meet the new digital needs of its customers, Safran is moving
the full range of its technologies to the cloud. In the US, it launched
Identix® Trusted Identity-as-a-Service (TlaaS), a new cloud-based
multi-biometric platform designed to prevent fraud and identity
theft and to protect consumers and businesses.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

61


--- Page 53 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the Group's performance in 2015 based on adjusted data

In telecommunications, Safran sold almost 600 million SIM cards
and secure devices to operators in 2015.

Safran also supplied Airtel, India’s leading mobile network
operator, with an electronic Know-Your-Customer (eKYC)
solution for its subscribers. In using Aadhaar, the Indian ID system,
digitalizing ID data facilitates subscriber transactions thanks to
electronic documents, prevents fraud and allows new customers
faster access to the services subscribed. The growing market
for the Internet of Things also represents an opportunity for
strategic partnerships. Safran and Telit announced that they had
developed a telecommunications solution within the scope of an
ERA GLONASS (Emergency Road Assistance based on Global
Navigation Satellite) project in Russia. This project has been
launched to introduce a sensor-based in-vehicle emergency call
system. In case of an accident, the system automatically dials an
emergency number thanks to the integration of an embedded SIM
card within the vehicle's telematics control system

Public security

In the field of public security, Safran helps police forces and
government bodies detect and identify potential threats in public
places in order to protect people and property.

Safran has invested heavily in R&D to be able to offer a range of
innovative solutions that facilitate the work of private security
organizations and improve identification on the ground. Morpho
Video Investigator (MVI), which combines face recognition
software with advanced video analytics, is designed to expedite
suspect identification on a large number of videos. The new
handheld device MorphoRapID™ 2 features fingerprint and face
matching algorithms and enables people identification and
ID document verification in real time. Safran also joined forces
with Microsoft to develop Morpho Cloud, a multi-biometric laaS
(identity-as-a-Service) solution. Morpho Cloud is backed in the US
by the Microsoft Azure Government platform and complies with
the stringent security standards for data storage issued by the FBI
and the US government. Since it was launched, MorphoWave™,
the first contactless biometric fingerprint scanner that can capture
four fingerprints from a single wave of the hand, has picked up a
series of prestigious awards. It was certified by the FBI for meeting
the image quality specifications standards and for its compatibility
with existing systems.

Regarding work with police forces, Safran landed several contracts
on the strength of its biometric expertise. In Australia, the
police in the State of Victoria chose Safran to supply biometric
identification systems under a ten-year contract. Safran will
provide full service as part of this contract, including the upgrade
of existing equipment and new biometric enrollment stations.

62 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Safran was chosen by the Zambian Police Service to roll out and
provide maintenance support for a rapid DNA search solution to
expedite suspect identification. The Zambian Police Service has
also been provided with enrollment stations, mobile handsets and
the MorphoBIS mobile fingerprinting device.

In the field of border controls, Safran won several major contracts
in the Middle East, Asia-Pacific and Europe. The Interior Ministry
of the United Arab Emirates chose Safran to set up an
project which covers implementation of a fully integrated
multi-biometric border control system in five airports. The
Group also signed a new five-year contract with New Zealand
Customs Services to roll out next-generation e-Gates in the
country’s main airports. These technologies will help simplify and
expedite passenger control at borders while providing enhanced
security. Safran made a decisive breakthrough in air passenger
data collection and processing by winning a tender to supply
an Advanced Passenger Information/Passenger Name Record
(API-PNR) system to the Estonian government. Following the
contract it won in France in 2014, this marks its first international
project on this booming market.

Detection

Computed tomography and X-ray diffraction detection systems

Following on from the five-year contract it announced in 2012,
Safran received another order from the TSA to supply 40 CTX 9800
high-speed explosives detection systems (EDS) estimated to be
worth over USD 40 million. These systems are to be deployed in
11US airports. Safran also signed its third ILS (Integrated Logistics
Services) contract with the TSA to provide system maintenance
support. This three-year contract worth USD 221 million follows the
success of the previous ILS contracts awarded in 2005.

Safran also signed major contracts in the UK, Turkey, India, Canada
and Mexico for the supply of CTX explosives detection systems
designed to improve security screening of luggage in hold and
airport operational capacities. Some of these contracts also
provide for the supply of maintenance services.

Spectrometry-based trace detection equipment

Safran supplies explosives trace detectors (ETD) for screening
luggage, passengers and air freight. In response to the demands of
new European legislation on screening passengers for explosives,
Safran delivered over 900 Itemizer 4DX systems to major airports,
including in Austria, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Spain and
the UK. These contracts place Safran as the leading supplier of
explosives trace detector systems approved by the European Civil
Aviation Conference (ECAC) for European airports.


--- Page 54 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the consolidated financial statements

@ 22 Comments on the consolidated financial

statements

2.2.1 Consolidated income statement

(in € millions) 2014 2015 change
Revenue 15,044 18,100 +20.3%
Other operating income and expenses (13,589) (15,272)

Share in profit from joint ventures 45 45

Recurring operating income 1,500 2,873 +91.5%
Other non-recurring operating income and expenses (107) (796)

Profit from operations 1,393 2,077 49.1%
Financial income (loss) (1,771) (3,387)

Income tax benefit 292 508

Share in profit from associates 18 4

Gain on disposal of Ingenico Group shares - 421

Profit (loss) from continuing operations (68) (377)

Profit (loss) for the period attributable to non-controlling interests (58) (47)

PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS, | §$§$WgXwWh
OF THE PARENT (126)

Consolidated revenue

Consolidated revenue climbed 20.3% year-on-year to
€18,100 million from €15,044 million in 2014.

The difference between adjusted consolidated revenue
and consolidated revenue is due to the exclusion of foreign
currency derivatives from the adjusted figures (see section 2111).
Neutralizing the impact of foreign currency hedging increased
consolidated revenue by €686 million in 2015 while it decreased
consolidated revenue by €311 million in 2014. This year-on-year
change in the revenue impact of foreign currency hedging results
from movements in average exchange rates with regard to the
effective hedged rates for the period on the portion of foreign
currency denominated flows hedged by the Group. For example,
the hedged EUR/USD rate in 2015 was 1.25, against an annual
average rate of 1.11, which explains why netting out the effect of
foreign currency hedging gives a consolidated revenue figure that
is higher than adjusted consolidated revenue.

Year-on-year changes in revenue excluding the impact of adjusting
items are analyzed below (see section 2.1.2).

Recurring operating income

Recurring operating income was €2,873 million versus
€1,500 million in 2014. The difference between recurring operating
income and adjusted recurring operating income (see section 2.11),
which came in at €2,432 million, reflects:

¢ amortization charged against intangible assets measured
when allocating the purchase price for business combinations,
representing €89 million for 2015 versus €147 million in 2014 for
the May 2005 Sagem-Snecma business combination;

¢ amortization charged against intangible assets measured when
allocating the purchase price for other business combinations,
representing €153 million for 2015 versus €134 million for 2014;

@ a positive €683 million impact resulting from foreign currency
hedging transactions (negative €283 million impact in 2014).

Changes in adjusted recurring operating income are analyzed
above (see section 2.1.2).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

63


--- Page 55 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the consolidated financial statements

Profit from operations

Profit from operations came in 49.1% higher at €2,077 million for
the year, compared to €1,393 million in 2014. Profit from operations
includes recurring operating income of €2,873 million in 2015
(€1,500 million in 2014) and a non-recurring loss of €796 million
(€107 million non-recurring loss in 2014).

The difference between consolidated non-recurring loss and
adjusted non-recurring loss, which stands at €698 million, reflects:

¢ impairment losses of €133 million taken against brands other
than Safran which were valued individually at the time of the
Sagem-Snecma merger in May 2005;

¢ again of €35 million on the revaluation of operations and
investments transferred by the Group to Airbus Safran
Launchers (ASL). These transfers were carried out as part of
the first phase of the operation to create a 50/50 joint venture
between Safran and Airbus Group.

Changes in profit from operations based on adjusted figures
are analyzed above along with other non-recurring items (see
section 2.1.2).

Financial income (loss)

The Group reported a financial loss of €3,387 million in 2015 versus
a financial loss of €1,771 million in 2014.

Two items account for the difference between consolidated and
adjusted financial loss for 2015 (see section 2.11.2):

changes in the fair value of currency instruments hedging future
cash flows, which had a negative impact of €2,485 million in
2015 (negative €1,922 million impact in 2014). This amount is
recognized in full in financial income (loss) in the consolidated
financial statements. However, the impact of changes in the
fair value of financial instruments hedging future cash flows is

64 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

neutralized in the adjusted financial statements. These changes
relate to volatility in the EUR/USD exchange rate, since the
currency hedging portfolio was priced based on a year-end
exchange rate of 1.09 at December 31, 2015 and 1.21 at end-2014;

@ the impact of foreign currency hedging on the portion of
foreign exchange denominated flows hedged by the Group,
representing a net loss of €678 million in 2015 and a net gain
of €316 million in 2014. This impact is recognized in financial
income (loss) in the consolidated financial statements and
within profit from operations (mostly in revenue) in the
adjusted income statement.

Income tax benefit (expense)

Income tax benefit in 2015 came in at €508 million compared to
€292 million in 2014.

Changes in the tax effect are primarily due to the impact of
foreign currency hedging on the portion of foreign exchange
denominated flows hedged by the Group, representing a net loss
of €678 million in 2015 recorded in financial income (loss) (net
income of €316 million in 2014), and changes in the fair value of
currency instruments hedging future cash flows representing a
negative impact of €2,485 million in 2015 recorded in financial
income (loss) (€1,922 million in 2014).

Consolidated profit (loss) attributable
to owners of the parent

Consolidated loss attributable to owners of the parent amounted
to €424 million in 2015, including the net-of-tax gain on the sale of
Safran’s remaining shares in Ingenico Group totaling €421 million,
compared to €126 million in 2014.


--- Page 56 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the consolidated financial statements

2.2.2 Simplified consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015

The simplified consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 presented below is taken directly from the consolidated financial

statements included in section 3.1 of this document.

(in € millions)

2014 adjusted”

Assets
Goodwill

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Investments in equity-accounted companies

Other non-current assets

Derivatives (positive fair value)

Inventories and work-in-progress

Trade and other receivables

Other current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

TOTAL ASSETS:

Equity and lia
Share capital
Provisions
Borrowings subject to specific conditions
Interest-bearing financial liabilities
Derivatives (negative fair value)

Other non-current liabilities

Trade and other payables

Other current liabilities

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

26,133

2015

(1) The data published for December 31, 2014 have been restated to reflect the impact of the change in accounting policy resulting from the retrospective

application of IFRIC 21, Levies (see section 3.1, Note 3.b).

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

65


--- Page 57 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the consolidated financial statements

2.2.3 Change in net debt

The year-on-year change in the Group's net debt for 2014 and 2015 breaks down as follows:

(in € millions) 2014 2015
Cash flow from operations 2,468 2,813
Change in working capital (111) (60)
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment (674) (758)
Acquisitions of intangible assets (267) (500)
Capitalization of R&D expenditure (676) (521)
Free cash flow 740 974
Dividends paid (511) (540)
Divestments/acquisitions of securities and other (512) 321
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (283) ss |
Net debt at January 1 (1,220) (1,503)
Net debt at December 31 (1,503) (748)

Cash flow from operations is calculated by taking profit or loss
before tax and adjusting for income and expenses with no cash
impact, for example net charges to depreciation, amortization and
provisions and changes in the fair value of financial instruments
hedging future cash flows®. The Group's ability to finance working
capital needs, acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets, and dividends out of operating activities rose
by €345 million over the year, from €2,468 million in 2014 to
€2,813 million in 2015.

Operations generated €974 million of free cash flow (40%
of adjusted recurring operating income in 2015 compared to
35% in 2014), €234 million more than in 2014. Free cash flow
generation of €974 million results from cash from operations of
€2,813 million, an increase in working capital needs of €60 million
- a modest increase in light of the rise in production volumes
and the resources needed to meet output rates - and rising R&D
and capital expenditure in preparation for future growth. Working

( See section 31, “Consolidated statement of cash flows”.

66 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

capital needs were kept in check in the second half of 2015 despite
delays in payments due from the French government, amounting
to €118 million at December 31, 2015

Dividends paid in the year include the final dividend payment
of €0.64 per share in respect of 2014 and an interim dividend of
€0.60 per share in respect of 2015, representing a total payout
of €517 million.

Divestments/acquisitions of securities chiefly relate to the sale
of Safran’s remaining interest in Ingenico Group during the year,
which generated gross cash inflows of €606 million in 2015.

The net debt position was €748 million at December 31, 2015
compared to €1,503 million at December 31, 2014.

At December 31, 2015, Safran had cash and cash equivalents of
€1,845 million and €2,520 million of secured and undrawn facilities
available.


--- Page 58 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Comments on the parent company financial statements

@ 23 Comments on the parent company

financial statements

The financial statements of Safran for the year ended December 31, 2015 were prepared using the same accounting principles as those

used for the 2014 parent company financial statements.

2.3.1 Safran income statement

(in € millions) 2014 2015
Revenue 461 563
Other operating income and expenses (645) (640)
Loss from operations (184) (77)
Financial income 753 1,645
Non-recurring items (16) (19)
Income tax benefit 101

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

654

Revenue came in at €563 million in 2015 versus €461 million in
2014 and chiefly includes billings of general assistance services
provided by the parent company to its subsidiaries, as well as
specific amounts billed to certain subsidiaries (rent, employees, IT
services) and miscellaneous services related to projects (research
projects for example) managed by the parent company on behalf
of all of its subsidiaries. The €102 million year-on-year increase
in revenue in 2015 results primarily from the development of
centralized research projects and from the growth in volume of
IT services and services provided by Shared Services Centers on
behalf of subsidiaries and rebilled to those companies.

Other operating income and expenses represented a net expense
of €640 million in 2015 and a net expense of €645 million in 2014,
reflecting the tight rein on external charges and payroll costs
despite the increase in business.

Loss from operations totaled €77 million in 2015 and €184 million
in 2014.

Safran reported financial income of €1,645 million in 2015 and
€753 million in 2014. This figure includes dividends and, in
2015 in particular, interim dividends received from subsidiaries

for €1,661 million (€758 million in 2014), net interest income of
€8 million (net interest expense of €8 million in 2014), foreign
exchange losses of €2 million (foreign exchange gains of €10 million
in 2014), and net additions to provisions for impairment of financial
assets or exchange losses totaling €22 million (€7 million in 2014).

The Company reported a non-recurring loss of €19 million
in 2015 (€16 million in 2014), chiefly reflecting the impact of
(i) derecognizing the share of the merger deficit allocated to the
Snecma brand (negative €56 million impact) and (ji) the net capital
gain of €32 million on the transfer of shares in Europropulsion,
Regulus, Arianespace and Arianespace Participation to Airbus
Safran Launchers (ASL).

The income tax line represented a benefit of €103 million under
the Group's tax consolidation regime in 2015 (€136 million income
tax benefit in 2014). This benefit also includes a net charge to the
provision for the transfer of the tax saving relating to the French
tax group from Safran to its loss-making subsidiaries, in an amount
of €4 million (€34 million in 2014).

On account of the above, profit for the year came in at
€1,648 million, compared to €654 million in 2014.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

67


--- Page 59 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

Outlook for 2016

2.3.2 Safran simplified balance sheet at December 31, 2015

(in € millions) 2014 2015
Assets:

Non-current assets 9.912 10,131
Cash equivalents and marketable securities 1,363 1,489
Other current assets 2,866 3,314
TOTAL ASSETS 14.141 98,934 |
Equity and liabi

Share capital 5,806 6,927
Provisions 728 746
Borrowings 2.815 2,327
Other payables 4,792 4,934

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

The increase in share capital in 2015 reflects profit for the year of
€1,648 million, dividends paid in 2015 for a total of €517 million
(€267 million for the remaining 2014 dividend balance and
€250 million in 2015 interim dividends paid in December 2015), and
a net reversal from tax-driven provisions amounting to €11 million.

2.3.3

Changes in non-current assets result chiefly from the change in
intragroup loans accounting for an increase of €266 million, and
the derecognition of the share of the merger deficit allocated
to the Snecma brand, accounting for a decrease of €56 million.

The decrease in borrowings chiefly reflects the €662 million
decrease in commercial paper debt and the remeasurement of
USD senior unsecured notes at the closing exchange rate (positive
impact of €114 million).

Information concerning supplier payment periods

(in € millions) Amounts due
December 31, 2015 2
December 31, 2014 8

Amounts not yet due
Amounts due Amounts due Total
in 0-30 days in 30-60 days trade payables
10 88 100
19 132 159

@ 24 Outlook for 2016

Safran’s 2016 outlook is applicable to the Group's structure as of
December 31, 2015 and does not take into account the impact in
2016 of the finalization of the regrouping of its space launcher
activities with those of Airbus Group in their joint venture, Airbus
Safran Launchers (ASL). Guidance will be revised as necessary
upon finalization of Phase 2 of the operation. Safran expects the
contribution of its space launchers activities to ASL to be accretive
to adjusted recurring operating margin.

Safran expects on a full-year basis:

¢ Adjusted revenue to increase by a percentage rate in the low
single digits compared to 2015 (at an estimated average rate
of USD 1.11 to the euro);

68 | SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Adjusted recurring operating income likely to increase by
around 5% with a further increase in margin rate compared to
2015 (at a hedged rate of USD 1.24 to the euro). The hedging
policy largely isolates adjusted recurring operating income
from current EUR/USD variations except for the part generated
in USD by activities located in the US, subject to the translation
effect when converted into euro;

Free cash flow representing more than 40% of adjusted
recurring operating income, an element of uncertainty being
the rhythm of payments by State-clients.


--- Page 60 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2015 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2016

The full-year 2016 outlook is based on the following underlying
assumptions:

# Healthy increase in Aerospace OE deliveries;

@ Civil aftermarket growth by a percentage in the high single
digits;

@ Start-up costs of series LEAP production;

Reduction of self-funded R&D of the order of €100 - 150 million
with a greater drop in capitalized amounts as spending declines
on LEAP, A350, helicopter turbines as they come closer to
certification and entry into service. As a result of decreasing
capitalization and increasing amortization of R&D costs,
expensed R&D is expected to rise by around €100 million;

@ 25 Subsequent events

OCEANE bond issue

On January 5, 2016, Safran launched an offering of €650 million
worth of zero-coupon bonds convertible and/or exchangeable
for new and/or existing shares (“OCEANE”), maturing on
December 31, 2020. The bond issue was settled on January 8, 2016.
The bonds were issued at a price of 104% of par, offering a negative
yield of 0.79%. The conversion price of €89.32 corresponds to an
issuance premium of 45% on the reference share value, reflecting
investors’ appetite for the quality of Safran's signature.

Considering that the issuance comprises 7,277,205 bonds, each
potentially convertible into one Safran share, the maximum dilution
would be 1.7% if Safran decided to provide only new shares.

The issuance is described in section 3.1, Note 32 (Group
consolidated financial statements), section 3.3, Note 5.6 (parent
company financial statements) and section 7.2.3.2.

Capital Markets Day 2016

On March 14, 2016, Safran held an investor meeting (Capital
Markets Day) for financial analysts and investors. In plenary
sessions, the Group's management presented Safran’s strategy, its
business model and its innovation initiatives notably in civil engines
and aircraft equipment. The Group also identified financial trends
and objectives for the medium term. The presentations, of which a
summary was disseminated using a regulatory information service,
are available on Safran’s website www.safran-group.com/finance.

The salient points of this communication were:

the announcement of the divestment of the detection business,
and review of strategic options to ensure the development of
the identity and security businesses;

* Safran reiterated its outlook for 2016 and identified trends and
specified objectives for the following years.

Subsequent events

@ Sustained level of tangible capex, including expansions, new
production capacity and tooling, around €850 million, as
requested by production transitioning and ramp-up;

@ Profitable growth for the Security business;

¢ Continued benefits from productivity improvement.

Factors with a potential impact on results

Major risk factors that could have an adverse impact on the
Group's business, financial position or results of operations are
described in chapter 4.

The period 2016-2020 will see several trends, on which Safran will
keep investors current, in particular concerning currency exchange
rates, as follows

@ renewal of the Group's flagship product with the transition
from CFMS6 to LEAP, the effect of which on OE margins will be
visible from 2016 to 2020, while maintaining an overall margin
for this segment in the mid to high teens, in particular thanks
to the momentum of the civil aftermarket activity;

@ improvement of about one point per year in the operational
performance of the Aircraft Equipment, Defense and Security
activities;

@ during the transition period, the Group margin (adjusted
recurring operating income as a percentage of adjusted sales)
should remain consistent with the record set in 2015;

@ average free cash flow for the period at 50% of adjusted
recurring operating income.

Safran has three main objectives for 2020, exiting this transition
period:

@ adjusted consolidated sales in excess of €21 billion;
@ adjusted recurring operating margin trending above 15%;
@ a very strong increase in free cash flow compared with 2015.

These trends assume current accounting standards. They
include the advantages of a medium-term hedging policy that
enables Safran to benefit from the improvement in the EUR/USD
exchange rate, at least until 2020, under the conditions specified
in the Group's latest publications. They also take into account
the average spot rate assumption given in the presentations
published on March 14, 2016. Safran is assuming that ASL will be
consolidated using the equity method as a joint venture during
2016, with full-year consolidation starting in 2017. The free cash
flow objective is subject to the usual uncertainties regarding the
rhythm of payments by state-clients.

SAFRAN - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2

69
