

--- Page 1 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2015 highlights

4.1. 2015 HIGHLIGHTS

General environment

With just a few exceptions, the Small Household Appliance (SHA)
market performed largely in line with the prevailing economic climate
from country to country. Against the backdrop of relatively buoyant
demand in Europe, this market was particularly lively. In the United
States, performance was mixed, depending on product family, with
cookware proving to be the main growth driver, fuelled by the Group
momentum. Generally speaking, the SHA market remained upbeat in
mature markets and was mainly driven by innovation and upgrading.

Emerging economies, often disrupted by currency depreciation,
differed from country to country The disparate situation of South
American countries was reflected in the demand for small domestic
appliances which was up in Colombia but felt the pressure in Brazil,
for example. In Turkey, consumption remained buoyant overall
despite the overriding tensions in the region and the country’s recent
political issues. In Russia, on the other hand, against the backdrop
of a steadily deteriorating economic climate, the market continued

Currencies

In 2015, the monetary environment was, once again, marked by
extreme volatility on the foreign exchange markets. The changes cited
below are based on average exchange rates as compared to 2014.
Continuing the trend that began at the end of the 2014 financial year,
the Chinese yuan and the US dollar appreciated significantly (+17.5%
and +19.8% respectively). It should be noted that the Group has
costs in excess of income in both these currencies due to its buying
structure. Their appreciation against other currencies was, therefore,
damaging and had a negative impact on the Group’s profitability in
2015 despite the fact that it was mitigated by the effect of hedging.
Several emerging currencies once again fell against the euro. The
Russian rouble experienced another sharp fall in 2015 (-25.2%). The
same was true for the Brazilian real (-15.5%), the Colombian peso

Raw materials

The Group’s business is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain
raw materials, including metals such as aluminium, nickel (used in
stainless steel) and copper. It is also exposed to price changes in
plastics used in the manufacture of small domestic appliances.
These exposures are direct (for in-house production), or indirect if

to crash. Lastly, in China, the Small Household Appliance Market
remained buoyant, driven by increasing urbanisation, territorial
expansion of the distribution network and the exponential growth of
e-commerce. Despite such disparate situations, emerging countries
are still significant growth drivers for the future of the SHA market since
households still have relatively few appliances, the middle classes are
increasing rapidly and spending power is steadily improving.

The overall vitality of the market is due to a few categories of products
which have provided it with a strong impetus. These include, in
particular, electrical cooking (driven by rice cookers and electric
pressure cookers in China, for example), food preparation, floor
maintenance (steady growth in vacuum cleaners), ventilation (business
linked to weather conditions) and cookware.

As in previous years, the Small Household Appliance market continued
to be highly competitive and discount-driven, particularly in countries
that have been hit the hardest economically.

(-12.8%), the Ukrainian hryvnia (-34.8%) and, to a lesser extent, the
Turkish lira (-3.9%). Some currencies were up against the euro, like the
Japanese yen (+4.5%), the pound sterling (+11.0%) and the Korean
won (+11.4%).

These fluctuations were reflected in contrasting effects on the
Group's performance with a positive impact on sales (+€149 million
in 2015 compared with negative impacts of -€132 million in 2014 and
-€116 million in 2013) but a negative impact on profitability, with an
operating result from activity down €100 million in 2015. The Group
implemented compensatory measures such as price increases and
strict cost controls, aimed at lessening the impact of currencies on
profitability in the countries concerned.

the manufacturing of the product is outsourced to subcontractors.
Generally speaking, raw material prices fell significantly in 2015.

The price of aluminium was down 11% on the previous year (average
price of $1,683 per tonne in 2015 compared with $1,895 per tonne

1 24 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 2 ---

the previous year) with the downward trend accelerating in the
second half. Copper was also down (-19%) with an average price of
$5,502 dollars a tonne compared with $6,830 in 2014. Lastly, the price
of nickel fell (-46%) with an average price of $11,906 a tonne ($16,950
in 2014). It should be recalled, nonetheless, that in order to smooth out
the effect of these variations, the Group has implemented a hedging
policy for a significant portion of its metal needs.

The price of a barrel of oil continued to fall over the year with an
average price of $54 (down 46% on 2014). At the same time, the price

Commentary on the financial year
2015 highlights

of plastics raw materials flattened out with, in particular, a drop in the
price of polypropylene.

The prices of outsourced finished goods fell in mid-2015 despite wage
inflation in China (more moderate than in previous years), owing to the
purchasing terms negotiated and suppliers’ productivity gains. The
Group's index of purchased finished goods for 2015 was, therefore,
down on 2014.

Ocean freight rates were negotiated down over the year.

Groupe SEB strengthens its Executive Committee

To better serve its different markets and to support its international
expansion, the Group announced that it would be strengthening its
Executive Committee by creating:

§ three continental divisions in charge of the Groups worldwide sales
activity: Asia, the Americas and EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa
and India).

@ a “Products and Innovation” division which combines Kitchen
Electrics, Cookware, Home and personal care business units as
well as Innovation.

The Group’s Executive Committee now has nine members:
§ Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

@ Bertrand Neuschwander, Chief Operating Officer who assists Thierry
de La Tour d’Artaise in the Group’s management and supervises
the Strategy, Partnerships, Brands and IT Systems departments.
He also coordinates the Group's digitalisation.

& Vincent Léonard, Chief Finance Officer, Senior Executive Vice-
President.

@ Harry Touret, Senior Executive Vice-President Human Resources.

@ Stéphane Lafléche, Executive Vice-President, Industrial Operations.

™@ Frédéric Verwaerde, Executive Vice-President of the Asia

Continental division. He was previously in charge of the Continents
department.

@ Cyril Buxtorf, new Executive Vice-President of the EMEA Continental
division, previously in charge of Home and personal care business
unit. He is still based at the Group’s registered office in Ecully.

m Luc Gaudemard, Executive Vice-President of the Americas
Continental division. He was previously in charge of Europe.

@ Philippe Crevoisier, Executive Vice-President, Products and
Innovation. He was previously in charge of Kitchen Electrics.

Appointments to the Board of Directors

On 12 May 2015, the General Shareholders’ Meeting of SEB S.A.
approved the appointment of William Gairard as a member of the
Board of Directors for a period of four years, to replace Jacques

Gairard, whose term of office came to an end. As the mandates of
Hubert Févre and Cédric Lescure were due to expire at this same
meeting, they were renewed for another four years.

The Group celebrated the 40" anniversary of its listing on the Paris

stock exchange

On 27 May 1975, the Group, which was already 120 years old, was
listed on the Paris stock exchange. The decision to list reflected the
Group’s desire to increase its financing capabilities by raising funds,
to enable its employees to become shareholders, to raise its profile
and improve transparency.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 25

On Wednesday 27 May 2015, the Group was the guest of Euronext
Paris at the opening ceremony of the European financial markets. After
the countdown of the last 10 seconds before the European markets
opened, Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Groupe SEB, rang the legendary bell which initially, and
until shares were dematerialised, used to announce the opening and
closing of the financial markets.


--- Page 3 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2015 highlights

Acquisition of OBH Nordica

At the end of August, the Group finalised the acquisition of OBH
Nordica, a major operator in the small domestic appliance (SDA)
market in Scandinavia. Founded in 2002 and based in Stockholm, OBH
Nordica sells a wide range of small domestic appliances (electrical
appliances and cookware). The company enjoys top-ranking positions
in the Nordic region, with access to some 4,200 points of sale, and the
OBH brand is extremely well known in Sweden, Denmark, Finland and

Bond issue

On 18 November 2015, Groupe SEB successfully placed its second
bond issue. The €500 million, 7-year issue (due on 25 November 2022),
bearing interest at a rate of 2.375%, was five times oversubscribed by
a diversified investor base, once again demonstrating the confidence
of the financial community in the Group’s strategy and long-term
outlook.

The bonds were admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris market. The
lead managers for the transaction were BNP Paribas, HSBC, Natixis
and Société Générale.

Norway. OBH Nordica achieved SEK 628 million (€66 million) turnover
in 2014-15 and has around 7% value market share in the Nordic
SDA market. In the lead on the Scandinavian cookware market but
positioned as a challenger on the region's small domestic appliance
market, Groupe SEB will take advantage of the acquisition of OBH
Nordica to significantly increase its market share.

This issue enabled the Group:

® to secure refinancing for bonds issued in 2011, ahead of the
June 2016 due date;

@ to extend the average maturity of its debt;
to benefit from attractive financing terms.

Please note that Groupe SEB is rated A2 by Standard & Poors for its
short-term debt. Its long-term debt is not rated.

An increase in the Group's capital interest in Supor

On 22 December 2015, Groupe SEB announced that it had signed
an agreement with Supor Group the Su family holding company to
buy 50 million shares, 7.9% of the capital of Supor at a unit price
of CNY 29 per share. This transaction followed the 10 million share
purchase already made in the first half of 2015 and finalised in mid-
2016, subject to approval from the Chinese authorities.

After the operation, Groupe SEB will hold 81.03% of the company
and the founding family 1.29%, the remaining stake, i.e. 17.68%,

Awards for Groupe SEB

In 2015, Groupe SEB received a wide variety of awards:

GOLDEN TOP/COM FOR THE GROUP
EMPLOYER BRAND CAMPAIGN

The Group’s employer brand campaign “With you, no matter where
you are” was awarded a golden TOP/COM trophy at the awards
ceremony in Paris on 12 February 2015. The TOP/COM Awards
ceremony is held every year to recognise the best communication
projects developed by companies and their agencies.

Groupe SEB, together with its agency 4People, was nominated in the
category ‘corporate campaigns’, along with over 30 other companies
and agencies.

representing the free float. The Group does not envisage taking full
control of Supor which will continue to be listed on the Shenzhen
stock market. Transaction costs stood at CNY 1,450 million, or around
€200 million.

This increased capital interest does not change Groupe SEB’s effective
control over Supor but confirms the Group's confidence in Supor’s
ability to continue to expand on the Chinese domestic market and
to consolidate its strategic role in the Group’s manufacturing base.

GROUPE SEB WON THE CSR GRAND PRIX AT
THE RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AWARDS
ORGANISED BY THE ESSEC BUSINESS SCHOOL

On 6 March 2015, Groupe SEB won the 2015 CSR (Corporate Social
Responsibility) Grand Prix at the Responsible Consumption Awards
organised by the ESSEC Business School. Launched at the behest
of ESSEC’s Chair of Fast-Moving Consumer Goods, this award was
organised in partnership with the French Ministry of the Economy,
Industry and the Digital Sector.

The Group won support for the innovative nature of its experimental
cookware recycling network initiative. In addition to this experimental
initiative in France, the Group organised a whole host of similar
initiatives in different countries which were all praised (the Netherlands,
Finland, Thailand).

1 26 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 4 ---

PURCHASING AWARD

Commentary on the financial year
2015 highlights

LAW AWARDS - BUSINESS

Groupe SEB won the 9" Purchasing Award on 22 June 2015, in one
of the seven categories, “Process modernisation and Purchasing
performance”. The event was primarily organised by three entities
representing the Purchasing function in France. In particular, this
award recognised a project to reduce on-site retail advertising
by standardising and optimising specifications and diversifying
procurement.

EURONICS “LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENTS 1990-
2015” AWARD

Euronics International, the leading European buying group specialising
in consumer electronics and domestic appliances, representing
6,000 independent retailers and over 11,000 points of sale in
31 countries, held its annual International Convention in Amsterdam
(the Netherlands) on 2 and 3 July 2015 to celebrate its 25" anniversary.

As is the case every year, Euronics International focused on recognising
supplier performance by awarding a 25" anniversary “Lifetime
achievement” award. Groupe SEB won this award in the small domestic
appliance category and was recognised for its remarkable performance
in the field of innovation, the quality of its customer service, and its
collaboration since Euronics was created in 1990.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 27

In Paris on 19 November 2015, the Group’s legal department won
the 24 Law Award - Business, in the “International Group Legal
department” category. The Group’s team put forward some of its
achievements over the last three years:

§ introduction of a global, yet more secure, panel of lawyers;

® worldwide insurance programmes;

§ legal support for connected product launches;

§ legal support for SEB Alliance in its capital expenditure projects.

BEST INVESTOR RELATIONS AWARD ACROSS
ALL CATEGORIES

The Group was awarded the 2015 Best Investor Relations Award
across all categories at the IR Forum in Paris. The Investor Relations
Forum is held every year in France and is an opportunity for
professionals to get together to share their thoughts and discuss key
topics in their industry and markets. It is sponsored by Euronext, SFAF,
AFG, CLIFF, Middlenext and the IFA. The Trophies are awarded on the
basis of answers to a questionnaire sent to around 2,000 French and
international analysts and managers. The expert jury then decides
‘on the prize winners.

Following on from 2015, the year the Group celebrated 40 years
since the SEB share was first listed, this trophy recognises both the
transparency and clarity of the Group’s financial communications and
the availability and commitment of the entire team.


--- Page 5 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2. COMMENTARY ON CONSOLIDATED SALES

Change
(based on exact figures, not rounded)
Sales _
(in € millions) 2015 2014 Reported Like-forlike
France 739 700 +5.6% +5.6%
Other Western European countries 970 849 +14.1% 49.7%
North America 599 496 +20.8% 46.7%
South America 374 421 -11.2% 43.4%
Asia-Pacific 1,453 1,132 +28.3% +12.8%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 635 655 -3.0% 43.9%
TOTAL 4,770 4,253 #12.1% +8.0%
Change
(based on exact figures, not rounded)
Sales
(in € millions) 4" quarter 2015 4th quarter 2014 Reported Like-forlike
France 281 275 +2.2% 42.1%
Other Western European countries 375 305 +23.0% +15.8%
North America, 192 171 +12.4% 43.5%
South America 99 128 22.6% -0.8%
Asia-Pacific 380 315 +20.5% +11.8%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 202 204 -1.0% 42.1%
TOTAL 1,529 1,398 #9.4% #7.2%
2014-2015 SALES GROWTH ORGANIC GROWTH IN SALES BY QUARTER IN 2013, 2014
AND 2015
In Me
In %
4,253 4,770
| 10
Scope of 6
Organic Currency consolidation
growth effect. effect.
oOo ‘
ee
+12.1%
2
2014 2015
0
T1 T2 13 T4

@ 2013 @ 2014 @ 2015

1 28 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 6 ---

Product sales performance

The Group relies on a product thrust driven by new concepts, the
introduction of new functional features, fresh designs, opening up
new categories, the geographical expansion of certain ranges, etc.
In 2015, strong organic growth in sales (+8.0%) was based on a large
number of products. All categories contributed to the Group's strong
performance.

@ home comfort saw another sharp rise in sales, particularly in Brazil
and Colombia, primarily driven by fans and the success of the Turbo
Silencio and Silence Force ranges. Air conditioning and heating
business was also up;

@ home care recorded double digit growth in sales, driven by an
excellent performance from cylinder vacuum cleaners, with and
without dust bag. The Group benefited greatly from the introduction,
on 1 September 2014, of performance labelling of vacuum cleaners
in Europe, having one of the best positioned ranges on the market
in terms of the four criteria being assessed. The Silence Force
Multicyclonic range of bagless vacuum cleaners has been very
successful, particularly on the French, Turkish, Spanish, German
and Italian markets, whilst Air Force upright vacuum cleaners
maintained good momentum. The Group significantly increased
its vacuum cleaner market share in the countries in which it has
a presence;

@ food preparation saw sales rise slightly, despite the decline
in meat mincers, a typical product on the Russian market, and
the slowdown in Fresh Express sales. Food processor business
was very steady due to the continuing success of the Cuisine
Companion, particularly in France and Italy, as well as its launch on
the German market where it was awarded the coveted test winner
prize awarded by Stiftung Warentest. In addition, the growth of
heater blenders was steady, driven by Soup&Co and by the launch
of Easy Soup;

linen care ended the year up slightly, the drop in sales of steam
irons in some countries having been offset by the rise in steam
generators driven by several European markets. Sales of garment
steamers continued to rise, benefiting from the category's rapid
growth and the expansion of its geographical reach. Semi-automatic
washing machines, the vast majority of which were sold in Brazil,
saw sales fall;

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

@ personal care was up slightly, despite the continued complexity
of the weighing business. Sales of hair care equipment continued
to rise with, in particular, strong performances in Russia and
Spain and as a result of the ongoing development of Steampod,
the professional hair smoothing solution designed in partnership
with L’Oréal. Epilation saw sales grow, in particular, on the Turkish
market;

™@ cookware recorded steady growth, driven by buoyant ordinary
business (growth across all categories), as well as sharp growth
in loyalty programmes. Business was, once again, very buoyant
in China where Supor consolidated its positions. Sales of fixed-
handle frying pans and saucepans were up across a large number of
markets including the United States, France, Japan, Russia, South
Korea etc. Sales of the Ingenio ranges with detachable handles
were also up, in particular, on the Japanese and Russian markets.
Sales of pressure cookers were up slightly whilst cooking utensils
recorded steady growth driven, in particular, by the success of
thermos flasks;

electrical cooking experienced another year of strong growth
and benefited from the rapid rise in sales of rice cookers in China
where the Group recorded new gains in market share due, in
particular, to a constant flow of innovative products. Multicookers
made great advances due to the excellent performance of Cookeo
which distinguished itself once again on the French market and
saw sales driven upward by the launch of a new connected version,
Cookeo Connect. Sales of multicookers also benefited from rapid
growth in sales in China. Optigrill benefited from the extension of
its geographical reach. Deep fryers were up slightly, buoyed by
traditional fryers, sales of which were up on most markets whilst the
Actifry range was expanded with the addition of two new models;

@ beverage preparation experienced steady growth. On the
highly competitive single-serve coffee market, the Group steadily
increased its sales of Dolce Gusto, mainly driven by growth in Brazil.
Automatic espresso coffee machines continued to make advances
in Germany and Russia, particularly due to the ongoing expansion
of the range. Electric kettle business bounced back due to a price
policy adjustment in Japan and sales growth in China.

4

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 29


--- Page 7 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

Geographical performance

FRANCE: AN EXCELLENT YEAR

NORTH AMERICA: SUSTAINED GROWTH

In 2015, the French market continued to trend positively overall and
proved particularly dynamic in small electrical appliances, especially
in vacuum cleaners and electrical cooking, despite the end-of-year
repercussions of the terrorist attacks in Paris in November. The Group
achieved a very strong performance with annual sales up 5.6%, fueled
by multiple factors such as a very positive contribution of many
products, several successful sales and marketing campaigns and
improved business with almost all retail customers. After a particularly
spritely start to the year, growth softened in the second half, and
particularly in the fourth quarter, because of a high comparison
basis in 2014 for the same period (+9.2% in fourth-quarter 2014).
Through its core business and several loyalty programmes, the Group
outperformed the market and significantly strengthened its positions
in small electrical appliances and even more so in cookware.

Among the best-sellers of the year, special mention should be made of
coffee makers (automatic espresso and single-serve coffee machines),
draught beer systems, food preparation appliances such as the
Cuisine Companion cooking food processor, the Cookeo multicooker
(including the connected version, Cookeo Connect) and fryers,
together with vacuum cleaners and steam generators. Most of these
products benefited from a powerful media plan in the fourth quarter
that considerably boosted sales. On a contrasting note, business was
more difficult in personal care products.

OTHER WESTERN EU COUNTRIES: STRONG
GROWTH IN ALL THE MAJOR MARKETS

The European small electrical appliance market was highly favorable in
2015 with sustained growth in most countries and product categories.
The situation was more mixed in cookware, although the underlying
trend was positive. In this context, Group sales grew sharply in the
region, with fourth-quarter growth of 15.8% like-for-like.

In Germany, after a first half-year penalized by the non-recurrence of
major loyalty programmes of 2014, the Group had an excellent year-
end, combining a strong improvement in core business, boosted by
the highly positive impact of consumer tests, new loyalty programmes,
fast-rising online sales and enhanced investments in growth drivers.

Revenue also increased sharply in Portugal and Spain (particularly the
latter) throughout the year and across all product categories, driven
up by considerable sales and marketing support.

In Italy, the Group achieved record sales in 2015, on the back of
kitchen electrics, vacuum cleaners and ironing as well as rapid growth
in online sales.

Business also trended favorably in the Netherlands, while the strong
momentum continued in the UK (despite a slight slowdown in the
fourth quarter), generated by both electrical appliances and cookware.

Group performance in North America was marked throughout 2015
by major FOREX impacts. Sales for the year as a whole increased
20.8%, of which 6.7% in organic growth.

In the United States, in a relatively positive market environment,
sales grew 4.5% in 2015 on a like-for-like basis. The performance
was largely driven by cookware, with the Group’s benchmark brands
such as T-fal, All-Clad and Imusa delivering very good results, and
with kitchen tools doing very well. Activity was more subdued in small
electrical appliances (ironing, OptiGrill), despite a significant recovery
in the last quarter. Meanwhile, the Group continued to rapidly develop
online sales across its entire product line-up.

Sales in Canada were impacted by price increases introduced to offset
currency effects, but grew year on year owing to a sharp rebound in
activity in the fourth quarter.

In Mexico, the Group achieved in 2015 strong organic revenue growth,
bolstered by cookware (core business and loyalty programme at
Soriana) while business was more volatile in small electrical appliances
and contrasted from one product family to the next.

SOUTH AMERICA: DIFFICULT END OF YEAR
IN BRAZIL, AS EXPECTED

Annual sales in South America were down 11.2%, strongly impacted
by the depreciation of the Brazilian real and Colombian peso, the
Group’s two main currencies in the region. However, like-for-like
growth came out at 3.3%, reflecting solid business through end-
September followed by a downturn in the fourth quarter.

In Brazil, the Group contended throughout the year with a climate
of economic crisis, a persistently weak real and major political
issues. While business remained positive in the first nine months,
the end of the year proved more complicated, as expected, with
consumer spending under pressure, heightened competition, and a
drastic inventory reduction policy on the part of retailers. As such,
fourth-quarter sales contracted. As a matter of fact, growth in food
preparation appliances and the ongoing success of Dolce Gusto
failed to offset the downward trend in cookware and ironing as well
as an unfavorable start to the season for fans owing to weather
conditions. Against this troubled backdrop, the Group stepped up
the reorganization of its manufacturing, logistics and sales activities.

In Colombia, sustained demand was fueled by strong product
momentum and powerful marketing and advertising support. Together
they served to generate vigorous sales growth, which accelerated
sharply in the fourth quarter on the success of all product categories
in small electrical appliances (particularly food preparation and fans)
and cookware (Triforce non-stick coating).

1 30 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 8 ---

ASIA-PACIFIC: ROBUST ORGANIC GROWTH
OVER THE WHOLE YEAR

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

CENTRAL EUROPE, RUSSIA AND OTHER
COUNTRIES: CONTRASTED END OF THE YEAR

The fourth quarter was in line with the first nine months, with brisk
organic sales growth driven by the three large markets in the region
- China, Japan and South Korea - and the highly positive impact of
the year-on-year appreciation of the yuan.

In China, growth in revenue hovered around +17% throughout the
year on a like-for-like basis. In the highly competitive Chinese market,
Supor achieved this robust performance by continuously enhancing
its product line-up with new value-added products (new fast pressure
cooker and steam rice cooker), developing new categories (notably
kitchen tools), increasing the number of points of sales (presence at
over 50,000 stores at end-2015) and growing online sales at a brisk
pace.

In Japan, 2015 was a year of business recovery and recapture of
market share. Strong organic growth in the year and the fourth quarter
was driven by kettles, cookware and recently launched garment
steamers.

The Group also enjoyed an excellent year in South Korea with an
extended range of flagship products including cookware, vacuum
cleaners, food preparation appliances and personal care products.

In nearly all other Asia-Pacific countries, the Group recorded growth,
except in Thailand, where the economic environment led to a decline
in activity.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 31

In this disrupted region, impacted by major currency effects (including
the Russian rouble, Ukrainian hryvnia and Turkish lira), Group sales
grew solidly in the first half-year and held up well in the second part
of the year despite severe downturns in several markets and a high
comparison basis in fourth-quarter 2014. As a result, the Group
outperformed the market and shored up its positions in almost all the
countries in the region.

Group performance in Central Europe was positive overall, with strong
end-of-year momentum in most countries.

In Russia, where the small household equipment market collapsed,
the Group delivered a satisfactory year although it recorded an organic
fall in sales in the fourth quarter, to be put in perspective with a very
strong fourth quarter in 2014. In a context of very significant price
increases introduced to offset the weakness of the rouble, Group’s
2015 sales were stable at constant exchange rate, thanks to sustained
growth in cookware, multicookers, rice cookers, and personal care
products, and to new loyalty programmes. The result, ultimately, was
an increase in market share.

In Ukraine, the deteriorated general environment ended up by weighing
on demand, and fourth-quarter revenue dropped. But full-year sales
registered solid like-for-like growth and the Group consolidated its
positions on the market.

In aresilient Turkish market, sales increased and the Group confirmed
its outperformance at the end of the year in small electrical appliances,
especially in vacuum cleaners and ironing — the two pillars of the
business - as well as in personal care. The renovation of newly
integrated Tefal shops together with stronger in-store marketing
initiatives substantially boosted performance and market share.

Meanwhile, the Group enjoyed very strong sales growth in local
currencies in Egypt and India.


--- Page 9 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

4.3.
RESULTS

COMMENTARY ON THE CONSOLIDATED

Income statement

OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY
OF €428 MILLION, UP 16.3% IN EUROS,
AND 43.0% LFL*

The Group generated operating result from activity (ORfA) of
€428 million, up €60 million (+16.3%), despite a negative currency
effect of €100 million, resulting largely from the strengthening of the
US dollar and Chinese yuan, the Group’s main purchasing currencies,
against the euro. The depreciation of several emerging currencies,
especially in the second half of the year, also contributed to the
negative currency effect, though to a lesser extent. At constant
exchange rates and scope of consolidation, ORfA came out at
€525 million, with growth of 43.0% (+12.6% in 2014), which can be
attributed to the following:

@ a positive volume effect, stemming from robust organic growth in
sales;

®@ a positive price-mix effect, reflecting the sometimes sharp price
increases made in some countries to offset the depreciation of
the local currency, as well as the continued improvement of the
product mix;

& ongoing efforts to boost industrial competitiveness, together with
gains in purchasing attributable both to the fall in commodity prices
and to productivity initiatives;

@ strengthened growth drivers, as announced, particularly in
operational marketing and advertising (up 16% on a like-for-like
basis), which strongly supported business momentum;

* At constant currencies and scope of consolidation.

& effective control of costs and operating expenses, which rose
considerably less than Group activity;

@ a scope effect with the consolidation of OBH Nordica for four
months of the year.

Harnessing all the above, the Group succeeded in more than offsetting
the -€100 million currency impact on ORfA, which grew in a robust
manner.

SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN OPERATING
PROFIT AND NET PROFIT

Operating profit totaled €371 million, up 18.4% on 2014, mainly
reflecting the improvement in ORfA. Other income and expense stood
at -€25 million (-€21 million in 2014), notably including costs and
provisions linked to enhancing competitiveness in Brazil and to the
workforce reduction plan in Lourdes.

At -€48 million, net financial expense improved slightly on 2014
(-€49 million), with a significant reduction in interest expense
(-€27 million, compared with -€31 million in 2014) along with an
increase in other financial expense, notably comprising unfavorable
currency translation adjustments.

Consequently, net profit came to €206 million (+21.2%) after a tax
expense of €82 million, corresponding to an effective tax rate of 25.5%
(26.9% in 2014), and non-controlling interests of €35 million, which
rose year on year as a result of the continuous improvement in Supor
performance in China and the re-evaluation of the yuan.

1 32 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 10 ---

Balance sheet

At 31 December 2015, equity stood at €1,908 million, up €183 million
year on year mainly owing to the profit generated in 2015 and positive
currency adjustments worth around €50 million (with the favorable
effects of the Chinese yuan and US dollar outweighing the unfavorable
effects of the Brazilian real, Colombian peso and Turkish lira).

Net debt at 31 December 2015 amounted to €316 million, down
€137 million on last year. That substantial reduction resulted from the
generation of strong operating cash flow of €257 million (€175 million
in 2014).

The working capital requirement increased in value due to the strong
growth in business activity, but improved in ratio terms (21.0% of
sales versus 22.4% at the end of 2014). The Group ended 2015 with

+ BREAKDOWN OF OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY

In Me

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 33

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

a gearing of 17% (26% at end-2014) and a debt/EBITDA ratio of
0.6 (compared with 1.0 at 31 December 2014), further strengthening
its financial structure, based on a diversified financing architecture,
reinforced by the bond issue in November 2015.

Capital expenditures totalled €136 million, slightly higher than 2014
levels (€124 million). In general, they were principally for tangible
assets (approximately 70%), with almost equivalent distribution
between moulds and tools for new products on the one hand and
production equipment (installation of new assembly lines, injection
presses, etc.) and/or the renovation of buildings on the other. The
remaining 30% covered mostly capitalised development costs and
production-related computer software linked to the production and to
the development of the Group’s own retail brand outlets.

+ CASH FLOW AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Ine
460 429 517
2013 2014 2015
—O— Copital expenditure
Cash flow


--- Page 11 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Outlook

4.4. OUTLOOK

Fiscal year 2015 concluded with excellent performances, both in terms
of organic growth in sales and improvement in results.

The first few weeks of 2016 attest to the fact that the global macro-
economic environment will remain highly contrasted from one
geographical region to the next. Groupe SEB expects demand to
remain well oriented in Europe and in China, more subdued in the
United States, and anticipates a situation which is likely to remain
highly deteriorated in Russia and Brazil.

The Group also expects a continued unfavorable forex configuration in
2016, with its two main purchasing currencies, the dollar and the yuan,
having appreciated considerably in 2015 - leading to less favorable
hedging rates -, while several emerging currencies depreciated

significantly. Together, these factors should translate into a sharply
negative currency impact on revenue and on Operating Result from
Activity (on which it is currently estimated at around €130-140 million).
As in 2015, Groupe SEB will endeavor to more than offset these
negative effects by harnessing innovation, the Group’s worldwide
presence, a proactive pricing policy, strong advertising and marketing
investments, together with the competitiveness and flexibility of its
manufacturing base and structures.

In this context, Groupe SEB’s objective in 2016 is to once again
achieve organic growth in its sales and, despite an ongoing adverse
currency effect, ensure a new increase in its Operating Result from
Activity.

1 34 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015
