

--- Page 1 ---

Group Overview

Introduction

Aperamis a leading global stainless and specialty
steel producer with an annual production capacity
of 2.5 million tonnes in 2015. We are the largest
stainless and specialty steel producer in South
America and the second largest producer in
Europe. We are also a leading producer of high
value added specialty products, including grain
oriented ("GO") and non-grain oriented ("NGO")
electrical steels and nickel alloys. Our production
capacity is concentrated in six production
facilities located in Brazil, Belgium and France,
and we have approximately 9,500 employees.
Our distribution network is comprised of 14 Steel
Service Centres ("SSCs"), 8 transformation
facilities and 19 sales offices. Our products are
sold to customers on three continents in over 40
countries, including customers in the aerospace,
automotive, catering, construction, household
appliances and electrical engineering, industrial
processes, medical, and oil & gas industries.

We had sales of $4.7 billion and $5.5 billion
and EBITDA’ of $501 million and $547 million
for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. Shipments amounted to
approximately 1.89 million tonnes and 1.81
million tonnes for the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively.

We manage our business according to three
primary operating segments:

> Stainless & Electrical Steel. We are one of the
largest global producers of stainless steel by
production capacity. We produce a wide range
of stainless and electrical steels (both GO and
NGO) and continuously expand our product
offerings by developing new and higher grades of
stainless steel and electrical steel. The segment
Stainless & Electrical Steel includes Aperam
BioEnergia, which produces wood and charcoal
(biomass) from cultivated eucalyptus forests.
We use the charcoal (biomass) produced by
Aperam BioEnergia as a substitute for coke at
our Timéteo production facility.

The segment accounted for 79.8% of sales? and
87.4% of EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2015, and respectively 80.1% of sales and
78.0% of EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2014.

> Services & Solutions. Our Services &
Solutions segment, which includes our tubes
and precision businesses, performs three core
activities: (i) the management of exclusive,
direct sales of stainless steel products from our
production facilities, primarily those located in
Europe; (ii) distribution of our products and, toa
much lesser extent, external suppliers’ products;
and (iii) transformation services, which include
the provision of value added and customised
steel solutions through further processing to
meet specific customer requirements.

The segment accounted for 45.0% of sales and
8.3% of EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2015, and respectively 43.1% of sales and
15.9% of EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2014.

> Alloys & Specialties. Alloys & Specialties
segment is the fourth largest producer of
nickel alloys in the world. We are specialised
in the design, production and transformation
of various nickel alloys and certain specific
stainless steels. Our products take the form of
bars, semis, cold-rolled strips, wire and wire
ods, and plates, and are offered in a wide range
of grades. The segment accounted for 12.0% of
sales and 8.8% of EBITDA for the year ended
December 31, 2015, and respectively 11.3% of
sales and 10.6% of EBITDA for the year ended
December 31, 2014.

Additionally, we have sales and EBITDA that
are reported within our "Other" segment. This
segment, including eliminations between our
primary operating segments, accounted for
(4.5)% of EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2015, and (4.5)% of EBITDA for the year
ended December 31, 2014.

The creation of Aperam

On December 7, 2010, the Board of Directors of Aperam and the Board of Directors of
ArcelorMittal approved a proposal to spin-off ArcelorMittal's stainless and specialty steels
businesses to ArcelorMittal's shareholders in order to enable it to benefit from better visibility
in the markets, and to pursue its growth strategy as an independent company. On January 25,
2011, at an extraordinary general meeting, the shareholders of ArcelorMittal voted to approve
the spin-off proposal.

Since the creation of Aperam, the main shareholder ("Significant Shareholder") holds 40.8% of
the issued share capital. Please refer to the share capital section of this Management Report
for the definition of the term "Significant shareholder".

Our facilities

The following tables provide an overview of our principal production and downstream facilities, each
of which we wholly-own, by operating segment, location, size (in the case of production facilities only),
facility type and products:

Production Facilities by Geography

Size
i (square kilo-
Country Locations "neters} Type of Plant Products
Stainless & Electrical
Steel
Brazil Timéteo 24 Integrated mill Blast Stainless/Electrical
furnace
Belgium Chatelet 05 Electric are furnace Stainless flat
meltshop/Hot rolling
Belgium Genk 08 Electric arc furnace! Stainless flat
Cold rolling
France Gueugnon 04 Cold rolling Stainless flat
France Isbergues 09 Cold rolling and
Recyco electric are Stainless flat
furnace
France Pont-de- 0.4
Roide Cold rolling Stainless flat
Nickel Alloys &
Specialties
France Imphy 04 Electric arc furnace
meltshop/Hot rolling/ Nickel Alloys/Stainless
Cold rolling/Specia-
lised foundry
France Amilly = Downstream Electrical
components
France Epéne = Downstream Wire drawing
China Foshan = Downstream Magnetic Cores

EBITDAs defined as operating income plus depreciation and impairment expen:

? amounts are show

intragroup eliminations. For additional informatior

te 3 to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 2 ---

Facility Types

Capacity Production
Number of {in millions in 2015

ity Fa of tonnes (in millions

per year)” of tonnes)
Blast furnace 2 07 05
Electric arc furnace 6 3.0 15
Continuous caster-slabs 4 3.0 24
Hot rolling mill 4 45 22
Cold rolling mill 7 24 15
Annealing & Pickling lines 24 44 33
Skin pass mill 6 12 06
Continuous bloom/billet caster 1 0.4 0.02

Notes:
(1) Production facility details include the production numbers for each step in the steelmaking process. Output from one step in
the process is used as an input in the next step in the process. Therefore, the sum of the production numbers does not equal the
quantity of sellable finished steel products. These facilities include the capacities mothballed or idled.

(2) Reflects design capacity, and does not take into account other constraints in the production process

(3) Including hot and final annealing & pickling capacities (including C2 integrated line annealing & pickling capacity)

All of our production facilities are owned directly or indirectly by us and none of them is subject to any
material encumbrances.

Stainless & Electrical Steel

Europe

Our European facilities produce the full range of our stainless steel products. In 2015, steel shipments
from Stainless & Electrical Steel Europe facilities represented approximately 1,184 thousand tonnes
and approximately 1,082 thousand tonnes in 2014.

We have two electric arc furnace meltshops in Belgium, located in Genk and Chatelet. The Genk facility
includes two electric arc furnaces, ladle refining metallurgy and a slab continuous caster and slab
grinders. It also includes a cold rolling mill facility. The Chatelet facility is an integrated facility with a
meltshop and a hot rolling mill. The Chatelet meltshop includes an electric arc furnace, argon-oxygen
decarburising equipment, ladle furnaces refining metallurgy, a slab continuous caster and slab grinders.

Our cold rolling facilities in Europe consist of four cold rolling mill plants, located in Belgium (Genk) and
France (Gueugnon, Isbergues and Pont-de-Roide). Our plants include annealing and pickling lines (with
shot blasting and pickling equipment), cold rolling mills, bright annealing lines (in Gueugnon and Genk),
skin-pass and finishing operations equipment. The Isbergues plant also includes a DRAP (“Direct Roll
Anneal and Pickle’) line. The Genk plant is focused on austenitic steel products, the Gueugnon plant on
ferritic products and the Isbergues plant on products dedicated to the automotive market (mainly ferritic
steels) and industrial market (mainly austenitic steels). The Pont-de-Roide plant is focused on narrow
precision strips. Our electric arc furnace recycling facility Recyco, located in France (Isbergues) recycles
dust and slugs with the aim to retrieve stainless steel raw materials and reduce waste.

South America

We are the only integrated producer of flat
stainless and electrical steel in South America.
Our integrated production facility in Timéteo, Brazil
produces a wide range of Stainless, electrical steel
and Special Carbon products, which account for
approximately 35% of the Stainless & Electrical
Steel operating segment's total shipments. Steel
shipments from Stainless & Electrical Steel Brazil
facilities represented approximately 654 thousand
tonnes in 2015 and 2014.

The Timéteo integrated production facility includes
two blast furnaces, one melting shop area
(including two electrical furnaces, two converters
and two continuous casting machines), one hot
rolling mill (including one walking beam and
one pusher furnace with one rougher mill and
one steckel mill), a stainless cold rolling shop
(including one hot annealing pickling line, two
cold annealing pickling lines, one cold preparation
line, three cold rolling mills and 4 batch annealing
furnaces) and an electrical steel cold rolling shop
(including one hot annealing pickling line, two
tandem annealing lines, one decarburising line,
one thermo-flattening and carlite coating line, one
cold rolling mill and 20 batch annealing furnaces).

Services & Solutions

We sell and distribute our products through our
Services & Solutions segment which includes our
tubes businesses, and which also provides value-
added and customised steel solutions through
further processing to meet specific customer
requirements. Our distribution network comprises
14 Steel Service Centres, 8 transformation
facilities and 19 sales offices. Steel shipments
from Services and Solutions Division represented
approximately 769 thousand tonnes in 2015 and
approximately 721 thousand tonnes in 2014.

Alloys & Specialties

The Alloys & Specialties integrated production
facility is located in Imphy, France and includes
a meltshop, a wire rod facility and a cold rolling
facility. The meltshop is designed to produce
specialty grades and includes one electric arc
furnace, two induction furnaces with two vacuum
oxygen decarburisation ladles and a ladle
furnace, one vacuum induction melting furnace,
two vacuum arc remelting furnaces and one
electrostag remelting furnace. The meltshop is
also equipped with ingot casting facilities and a
continuous billet caster.

Our wire rod mill specialises in the production
of nickel alloys and has the ability to process a
wide range of grades, including stainless steel. It
comprises a blooming mil, billet grinding, a hot
rolling mill, which has a capacity of 35 thousand
tonnes, and finishing lines. Steel shipments
from Alloys & Specialties facilities represented
approximately 34 thousand tonnes in 2015 and
approximately 35 thousand tonnes in 2014.

We also own downstream nickel alloy and specialty
assets, including Rescal S.A.S., a wire drawing
facility located in Epéne, France, Aperam Alloys
Amilly, an electrical components manufacturer
located in Amilly, France, Imhua Special Metals,
a transformation subsidiary in Foshan, China.
We also hold a majority stake in Innovative Clad
Solutions, a production facility for industrial clads
in Indore (Madhya Pradesh, India).



--- Page 3 ---

Our key competitive
strengths

We believe that the following are among our
key strengths:

We are committed to Sustainability and
our number one priority is Health &
Safety

The people who work for, and with, Aperam are
our greatest asset and their Health and Safety is
our top priority. To measure the effectiveness of
our Health and Safety performance, the Group
uses as a benchmark the "Lost Time Injury Fre-
quency rate", or "LTIF", a key indicator which
measures injuries (which lead to work time loss
of a day or more) per 1,000,000 worked hours. In
2015, LTIF rate was 1.0 compared to 1.1 in 2014.
We believe strongly in the future of our employ-
ment offering them training and opportunities for
career developments. This in turn leads to higher
levels of employee engagement which has been
proven to increase efficiency and for Aperam, also
nurtures a true culture of innovation.

Fully aware of the challenges of climate change,
Aperam has a unique capability to produce char-
coal-based biomass to fuel its production and we
are constantly seeking to reduce our environ-
mental impacts. As a manufacturer of energy-ef-
ficient steel solutions, the Group is also a fervent
defender of circular economy. Beyond its zero
waste-to-landfill objective, it uses scraps for lower
carbon footprint and recycled input materials, no-
tably dusts recuperated through its wholly-owned
Recyco subsidiary. Lastly, Aperam maintains
constant engagement with all of its stakeholders,
from Communities in which we operate to the reg-
ulatory bodies that govern our own activities, and
strives to anticipate its customers’ needs through
close partnerships, tailor-made solutions and un-
rivalled customer satisfaction.

Arestructured and efficient European
footprint able to seize market
opportunities

Aperam's modern production facilities allow the
Group to support its customers’ stainless and
specialty steel requirements with a high level of
operational efficiency.

In Europe, the Group benefits from high quality and
costefficientplants with the largest and mostrecent
electric arc furnace meltshop (Chatelet, Belgium),
the largest hot rolling mill (Chatelet, Belgium), one
of the largest cold rolling mills (Genk, Belgium)
and LC2l, the best-in-class integrated rolling-mill
(Isbergues, France). In Brazil, the Group operates
a fully integrated production facility using charcoal
produced by Aperam BioEnergia. Through an
early restructuring of its downstream operations
since the creation of Aperam - from 29 tools to 17
tools in Europe - to adapt to the market conditions,
Aperam managed to reach record volumes in
Europe since 2008 although with a lower number
of tools. Aperam is well positioned in the core
markets in Europe with an optimal loading of its
most efficient assets. In addition, Aperam aims to
continue investing in its industrial asset base with
Leadership Journey® initiatives to benefit from
the long-term potential growth of the stainless and
specialty-steel industry. The Leadership Journey®
initiative is described in greater detail below under
the section "- Our key strategic priorities”.

A leading and geographically
well-positioned stainless and specialty
steel producer

Aperam also has a strong presence in the Euro-
pean stainless steel market. The Group's modern
production facilities in Belgium and France are
strategically located close to the scrap gener-
ating regions and are also close to the Group's
major customers. Aperam’s European industrial
operations have consistently maintained high
performance standards through the optimisation
of production volumes, inventory and costs. The
Group also has a highly integrated and technically
advanced distribution network that is effective at
maintaining direct contact with end-users through
strong sales and marketing capabilities.

Key strengths of the European operations of Aperam

The only integrated upstream
operations in the heart of
Europe, with the best access
to scrap supply

Best location to serve the
biggest consumption areas of
Europe

Performant logistics
between sites for a working
capital management at the
benchmark of the industry

Full range of products of
stainless steel

Flexibility and available
capacity

Aperam is a leading stainless and specialty steel
producer in South America and according to the
International Stainless Steel Forum (the "ISSF"),
is the second largest producer in Europe. Aperam
is well-positioned in both developed and emerging
markets. In 2015 approximately 72% of the sales
were derived from developed markets and 28%
from emerging markets.

In South America, the Group has a leading
presence in flat stainless steel and electrical
steel production with modem, flexible and fully
integrated production and service centres.

Key strengths of the Brazilian operations of Aperam

Astrategy to be a cost
benchmark on the key
Aperam products

This unique asset base is perfectly adapted to the
South American market. Based upon low levels
of historical apparent consumption per capita
and a developing market for stainless steel,
Management estimates that there is important
growth potential in South America. In Brazil,
Aperam also benefits from an improving costs
position to ensure its commercial plan and capture
opportunities of improving market penetration.

Performant logistics with
integrated service centers

The only fully integrated

Full range of products
including flat stainless steel,
electrical steel and special
carbon

stainless steel facility in South
America with access to iron
ore and charcoal produced
from own eucalyptus forests
in environment friendly
manner

Only stainless steel producer
in South America with best in
class deliveries to customers

Flexible geographical sales
capabilities within South
America which allow Aperam
to optimise its geographical
exposure

A flexible production route
which allow Aperam to
maximise the product mix

An improving cost position
compared to industry
benchmark benefiting from
exchanges on best practice
with European operations


--- Page 4 ---

Value accretion beyond stainless

production

Aperam has one of the largest integrated Aperam
has one of the largest integrated stainless and
specialty steel sales, distribution and steel
services networks in the world, with a total of 14
Steel Service Centres ("SSCs"), 8 transformation
facilities and 19 sales offices. This network allows
the Group to develop customers' loyalty thanks to
a best-in-class service, to support a continuous
activity for the mills and finally to capture additional
value in the downstream operations The Group's
distribution channels are strategically located
in areas of high demand and close to many
end-users. The Group works continuously to
further develop its distribution network through
internal development, partnerships and targeted
acquisitions. Aperam normally expands its global
distribution network either in response to an
identified market opportunity or in response to the
express business needs of major customers. The
Group's global distribution network enables it to
tailor its products to address specific customer
needs, thereby facilitating the maintenance
of market share and the capture of growth
opportunities. The Group's customer base is well
diversified, comprising a number of blue chip
clients.

A diversified product offering with

a leading position in nickel alloys,
supported by leading research and
development capabilities

Aperam offers a wide range of products, including
high margin value-added niche products to a
diversified customer base in both emerging and
developed markets. The Group's products are
mainly sold to end-users in the automotive, building
and construction, catering and appliance, energy
and chemicals, and transportation industries,
while electrical steel products are primarily sold to
customers in the electric motors, generators and
transformers industries.

The Group is the fourth largest global producer of
nickel alloys and the largest in alloys wire rods,
which are sold to customers in the aerospace,
automotive, electronics, petrochemical, and
oil & gas industries. Aperam's diverse product
offering, sold to a wide range of customers across
numerous industries, allows the Group to enjoy
greater stability and to mitigate some of the risks
and cyclicality inherent in certain markets.

In addition, Aperam's leading position in nickel
alloys, which is a particularly high margin value-
added niche for stainless steel products, helps the
Group to maintain and improve its margins and
profitability.

Aperam's research and development activities
are closely aligned with our strategy, focused
on product development and process develop-
ment. The Group's Research and Development
team comprises 126 employees. These employ-
ees are based in two centres in Europe, located
in Isbergues and Imphy, France, and one centre
in Timéteo, Brazil. The R&D departments inter-
act closely with the Group's operating segments
and partner with industrial end-users and leading
research organisations in order to remain at the
forefront of product development. The research
and development capabilities have contributed to
both the Group's leadership in the industry and its
development of long standing and recognisable
brands. Aperam concentrates a significant por-
tion of its research and development budget on
high margin value-added niche products, such as
nickel alloys.

Resilient profitability, efficient cash flow
management and a solid financial and
funding structure

The Group's profitability is supported by its im-
plementation of the Leadership Journey®, which,
at the end of December 2015, has contributed to
approximately $478 million to EBITDA since the
beginning of 2011.

In addition, the Group has been able to gener-
ate positive free cash flows over the past five
years. As of December 31, 2015, the Group had
net financial debt of $316 million, representing a
gearing of 14% compared to net financial debt of
$1,066 million at the end of December 2010.

As of December 31, 2015 the Group had a solid
funding structure and debt maturity profiles as de-
scribed in greater detail in the section “Liquidity”.

These achievements have been the result of
Aperam's strategic priorities as described in
greater detail under the below section “Our
strategic priorities”.

Talented and dynamic Leadership Team
and motivated workforce

Aperam benefits from the experience and
industry know-how of its Leadership Team. The
team is comprised of ten members including the
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), Mr. Timoteo Di
Maulo. Mr. Di Maulo has over twenty-five years of
experience in the stainless steel industry, having
held a number of positions in the controlling,
purchasing, logistics and commercial areas and
has been CEO of different units of the Group. He
is supported by the other members of the Group's
senior management team, including Mr. Sandeep
Jalan, the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") who
has over twenty-five years of experience in
finance. Mr. Jalan joined the ArcelorMittal group
in 1999 and served as CFO of ArcelorMittal
Long Carbon Europe, responsible for finance
and strategy prior to joining Aperam in 2014.
The other members of the Leadership Team
are Ms. Vanisha Mittal Bhatia, Chief Strategy
Officer; Mr. Nicolas Changeur, Chief Marketing
Officer; Mr. Bernard Hallemans, Chief Technical
Officer; Mr. Jean- Paul Rouffiac, Chief Operating
Officer Stainless & Electrical Steel Europe; Mr.
Frederico Ayres Lima, Chief Operating Officer
Stainless & Electrical Steel South America; Ms.
Johanna Van Sevenant, Chief Executive Officer
Services & Solutions, Mr. Frédéric Mattei, Chief
Executive Officer Alloys & Specialties and Mr.
Bert Lyssens, Head of Sustainability, Human
Resources and Communications. The collective
industry knowledge and leadership of Aperam's
senior management team and their record of
accomplishment in responding to challenging
economic conditions is a key asset to Aperam's
business. The Group has also introduced
various initiatives to improve the dedication and
motivation of its workforce, including development
programs, employee annual appraisal, career
committee meetings to evaluate opportunities
for managers and performance-based bonuses.
Greater accountability improves motivation, and
the Group's approach to human resources has
contributed to the dedication and engagement of
its workforce.

Our key strategic priorities

Since the early creation of Aperam, we have pur-
sued a strategy designed to reinforce Aperam’s
resilience to challenging market conditions based
on our in-house internal improvement measures
and relying on our own resources.

This has proven a successful strategy as it reduc-
es reliance on external factors/resources to sup-
port our performance.

Our key strategic priorities have proven their ef-
ficiency in terms of operating and financial per-
formance over the past years, thus we remain
focused on:

> improving operational efficiency and increasing
EBITDA through the Leadership Journey®,

> driving value through our Top Line strategy,

> generating positive cash flows, and

> maintaining a strong balance sheet consistent
with Investment Grade Financial ratios.

Our Top Line strategy is based on commercial
projects with the objective to develop Aperam’s
most profitable products, segments, clients or
geographical areas and to develop quality and
service to the customers. Among the Top Line
products, specific focus is allocated to develop in-
novative products allowing niche presence as well
as attractive margins. More specifically, our Top
Line strategy includes:

> leveraging our unique stainless steel product
portfolio,

> driving additional value through the Services &
Solutions segment, and

> growing the Alloys & Specialties segment.

Improving operational efficiency and
increasing EBITDA through the
Leadership Journey®

The Leadership Journey® is an initiative aimed at
achieving management gains, fixed and variable
cost reductions, and increased productivity over
the near and medium term. The Leadership Jour-
ney® is composed of a number of initiatives which
can be broadly characterised as restructuring pro-
jects, cost cutting projects and performance pro-
jects as described below:

> Restructuring projects under the Leadership
Journey® have traditionally focused on the clo-
sure of non-competitive capacities and the reduc-
tion of fixed costs through process simplification.

> In parallel to the restructuring initiatives, major
cost cutting investments have been launched with
the goal to improve the industrial footprint and to
reduce the number of tools.


--- Page 5 ---

> Several performance projects have also been launched in order to reinforce the existing continuous
improvement program and accelerate cost reductions. In particular, specific actions have been
implemented to reduce our costs for sourcing, IT and sales and general administrative costs.

Since 2014, upgrade programs on the most performing assets have been launched for a total amount
of $112 million and are described more in detail at the below table:

Tranche Period of

Amount = ‘ Description
implementation
> Productivity improvement of the downstream
facilities in Genk (CAP2), Gueugnon (CAP10)
’ and Timoteo (Sendzimir Mill #1)
1 $52 million 2014-2015 > Upgrade of the Wire Rod mill in Imphy
> Upgrade of GO operations in Timoteo with
development of HGO
’ > Upgrade of CAP 2 in Genk
2 $30 million 2015-2016 > Upgrade of LC2i in Isbergues
> Efficiency and competitiveness improvement of the lines
3 $30 million 2015-2017 CRG and BAS in Gueugnon

> Upgrade of compact box annealing furnaces
of the Wire Rod mill in Imphy

As at December 31, 2015, the Leadership Jour-
ney® had contributed a total amount of $478
million to EBITDA since the beginning of 2011,
fully in line with the objective set at $475 million to
be realised by the end of 2015.

Our goal is to achieve $575 million in gains and
profit enhancements by the end of 2017.

Leveraging our unique stainless steel
product portfoli
We intend to continue to support the development
of our wide range of products, with a focus on high-
margin value-added niche products. Because of
the specialised and innovative nature of these
products, we are able to earn higher margins,
typically attracting higher prices than our other
more commoditised products. In order to grow our
sales of high-margin value-added niche products
and replace low contribution margin products, we
continue to put our focus on the development of
innovative products through our research and
development, while leveraging our marketing
and advertising efforts for wider promotion. The
investments approved by the Board of Directors
as part of the Top Line strategy, which will also be
improving the cost competitiveness of the Group's
operations, are described in greater detail under
the section "Liquidity - Capital expenditures".

Driving additional value through the
Services & Solutions segment

Our industrial footprint in Europe and South
‘America is perfectly complemented with global
service centres and sales network as part of
our Services & Solutions segment. In a volatile
environment, we believe that the development
of the Services & Solutions segment and the
provision of better services to our customers
are key for achieving financial and operational
excellence. Value-added services provided to
our clients include cutting, polishing, brushing,
forming, welding, pickling, annealing or packaging.
We believe that further development of the
Services & Solutions segment will drive additional
value creation while serving our customers more
effectively. As part of this strategy, we invested
$35 million as part of the Leadership Journey®
to create a new service centre in Campinas in
the Sao Paulo region of Brazil, which started
operations by the end of 2012, and enables us to
better serve customers in the Brazilian market. In
particular, the facility's optimised footprint and its
location close to high-consumption areas in the
Brazilian market are enabling us to develop our
operational capabilities and grow the Services &
Solutions segment.

Strengthening our Leadership in the
Alloys & Specialties segment

The Alloys & Specialties segment specialises
in the design, production and transformation of
various nickel alloys and certain specific stainless
steels. These products are intended for high-end
applications or to address very specific customer
requirements across a broad range of industries,
including the oil and gas, aerospace, automotive,
electronics, petrochemical and other industries.
We believe that the Alloys & Specialties segment
has significant growth potential which could be
captured with new investments. As part of this
strategy, we invested $29 million in the upstream
enhancements of our Imphy plant in France with
one additional induction furnace with secondary
metallurgy and two additional remelting furnaces.
Weare also investing $16 million in the downstream
debottlenecking of the finishing line of the Imphy
Wire Rod mill through automation and upgrade
of its assets (including $10 million announced in
2014 with Tranche 1 and $6 million announced in
2015 with tranche 3 of the Leadership Journey®
upgrading program).

Maintaining strong Balance Sheet ratios
consistent with Investment Grade
Financial ratios

As part of our efforts to become a more resilient
company capable of responding to the volatile
market environment, we have reduced our net debt
to $316 million at the end of 2015, representing a
gearing of 14%, compared to $536 million a year
ago representing a gearing of 20% and $1,066
million at the end of December 2010 representing
a gearing of 29%. This achievement is based on a
strong set of actions in optimising our debt profile
and interest costs.

In 2015, our most relevant debt restructuring
actions included:

(i) the set up in March 2015 of a $500 million
Secured Borrowing Base Revolving Credit Facility
structured as a 3-year revolving credit facility with
a one-year extension option. The Facility will be
used for liquidity and working capital purposes.
Following the net debt reduction, the Borrowing
Base facility commitment has been cancelled by
$100 million in December 2015, to $400 million
and remains fully undrawn at the end of December
2015;

(ii) the redemption at the beginning of April 2015 of
our High Yield Bonds of $250 million with coupon
7.75% maturing in 2018.

On November 5, 2015 Aperam announced its
updated financial policy to maximise the long
term growth and sustainability of the Group as
well as the value accretion for its shareholders
while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Aperam
proposed the reinstatement of a base dividend
of $1.25 per share, subject to shareholder
approval. The Group also aims to grow dividends
progressively as Aperam continues to improve its
sustainable profitability benefiting from its strategic
actions. The Group targets a Net Financial Debt/
EBITDA ratio of <1.0x (through the cycle). In the
(unlikely) event that Net Financial Debl/EBITDA
exceeds 1.0x, the Group will suspend the cash
dividend. Subject to shareholder approval at
the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in
May 2016, the dividend will be paid in four equal
quarterly instalments of $0.3125 (gross) per share
during 2016.

Please refer to the section "Liquidity" of this
Management Report for further details with
respect to the Group's financing and to the section
“Liquidity-Earnings Distribution" for the detailed
dividend calendar for the year 2016.



--- Page 6 ---

Our profit driving pillars

The Group's key profit driving pillars based on our
strategic priorities can be summarised as follows:

1. We aim to be the best in cost
with our Leadership Journey®
and are targeting a contribution
of $575 million to EBITDA by
end of 2017.

2. We aim to optimise our
product portfolio and replace
low contribution margin
products by high margin
products with our Top Line
strategy and our innovative
products.

3. We aim to continue to focus
on cash and the strengthening
of our balance sheet.

4. We aim to grow in our Alloys

& Specialties business to follow
market growth while continuing
to improve our competitiveness.

Our key production sites

Isbergues

Market analysis

Market environment

Our operations results are primarily affected by
external factors which impact the stainless and
specialty steel industry in general, particularly
stainless and electrical steel pricing, demand for
stainless and specially steels, production capac-
ity, trends in raw material and energy prices and
fluctuations in exchange rates. In addition, our
operation results are affected by certain factors
specific to Aperam, including several initiatives
we have introduced in response to the challeng-
ing economic environment. These factors are de-
scribed in greater detail below.

Stainless Steel Pricing

The market for stainless steel is considered to
be a global market. Stainless steel is suitable for
transport over long distances as logistics costs
represent a small proportion of overall costs. As
a result, prices for commoditised stainless steel
products evolve similarly across regions. How-
ever, in general, stainless steel products are not
completely fungible due to wide variations in
shape, chemical composition, quality, specifica-
tions and application, all of which impact sales
prices. Accordingly, there remains a limited mar-
ket for uniform pricing or exchange trading of cer-
tain stainless steel products.

Stainless steel is a steel alloy with a minimum of
10.5% chromium content by mass and a combi-
nation of alloys which are added to confer certain
specific properties depending upon the applica-
tion. The cost of alloys used in stainless steel
products varies across products and can fluctuate
significantly. Prices for stainless steel in Europe
and the United States generally include two com-
ponents:

> the "base price”, which is negotiated with cus-
tomers and depends on market supply and de-
mand; and

> the “alloy surcharge", which is a supplementary
charge added by producers to the selling price
of steel and offsets price increases in raw mate-
rials, such as nickel, chromium or molybdenum,
by directly passing these increases onto custom-
ers. The concept of the “alloy surcharge", which
is calculated using raw material prices quoted on
certain accepted exchanges, such as the London

Metals Exchange ("LME"), was introduced in Eu-
rope and the United States in response to signifi-
cant volatility in the price of these materials. This
has historically been driven by fluctuations in de-
mand, increasing or decreasing inventory levels,
changes in production capacity and speculation
by metal traders.

Notwithstanding the application of the “alloy sur-
charge", the Group is still affected by changes in
raw material prices, in particular nickel. In gener-
al, when the price of nickel is falling, purchasers of
stainless steel products delay their orders to ben-
efit from an expected decline in prices, which has
the effect of reducing demand in the short term.
By contrast, when nickel prices are rising, pur-
chasers tend to acquire larger quantities of stain-
less steel in order to avoid having to buy at higher
prices. The nickel price evolution over the period
2014 to 2015 is highlighted in the graph below un-
der "- Nickel price on the LME (in $/tonne)".

In 2014, as a result of the Indonesian ban on the
export of nickel ores, the nickel price initially in-
creased from a level of $14,000 per tonne in Jan-
uary to approximately $21,000 per tonne in May,
but dropped back below $15,000 per tonne by the
end of December as oversupply persisted.

In 2016, the price of nickel showed a gradual de-
cline from $14,750 per tonne in early January to
$8,800 at the end of December. The main reasons
for this price drop were continued global overpro-
duction of nickel, coupled with a sharp decelera-
tion of global nickel demand driven by the stagna-
tion of China's stainless steel production growth.
The 2015 nickel price dynamics were also signifi-
cantly affected, particularly in the second half of
2015, by a global deflation of commodity prices.

Although lower production of Nickel Pig Iron
(‘NPI’) in China (minus 80,000 tonnes Ni equiv-
alent) nearly compensated new western world
nickel output, the price remained under downward
pressure as exchange stocks, both on London
Metal Exchange ("LME”) and Shanghai Futures
Exchange ("‘ShFE"), rose to unseen heights. 2015
ended with an LME stock of 445,000 tonnes and
a ShFE stock of 48,000 tonnes. In spite of an al-
most equilibrated supply/demand balance, these
stocks were able to increase as investors moved
material from non-registered stocks to exchange
related warehouses.


--- Page 7 ---

In addition, thanks to falling energy prices and favourable exchange rate evolutions, the production cost
of nickel lowered significantly and, except for some high cost NPI in China, no significant production cuts
or capacity closures were observed in these tough market circumstances. For 2016 we forecast a more
balanced supply/demand but existing nickel stocks will continue to overhang the market. Nevertheless,
first signs of nickel production cuts, mainly in mining, can be observed. Larger production cuts, includ-
ing from refineries, could give some support for nickel as this would allow the stocks to be gradually
consumed.

The graphs below show the price of nickel on the LME and the European transaction price for CR304
stainless steel for the period from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2015:

Graph: Nickel price on the LME (in $/tonne)

Graph: Stainless Steel/CR304 2B 2mm Coil Transaction Price/Southern Europe Domestic Delivered
(S/tonne)

Source:
Nickel prices have been derived from the LME. Stainless steel/CR304 2B 2mm coil transaction price/Southern European
domestic delivered prices have been derived from Steel Business Briefing ("SB").

In 2014, stainless steel transaction prices (based on the price of CR304 2B 2mm transaction base
prices/Southern Europe) reached approximately 2,800S/tonne at year end.

Stainless steel transaction prices continuously decreased to approximately 2,200$/tonne at the end of
2015. Despite improved demand, restocking and capacity utilisation improvements, Aperam expects
stainless steel prices to remain under pressure, primarily as a consequence of Asian overcapacities.

Electrical Steel Pricing

The market dynamic for electrical steels in 2015
was quite different between NGO and GOES
(grain oriented electrical steel, applied mainly in
transformers) electrical steels types. As NGO pre-
sented a low capacity utilisation rate in Asia and
also Europe, prices were pushed down during
2015. For GOES the 2015 demand increased due
to energy transmission projects around the world
(especially China) and new energy efficiency re-
quirements which increased the demand for low
core loss grades pushing prices and demand up.
Chinas the main producer of electrical steel (more
than 12.3 million tonnes/year capacity), prices are
dependent in particular upon Chinese demand
and capacity utilisation rate. 2015 production utili-
sation rate in China was 68% for electrical steels
(for NGO it was approximately 65% and for GOES
95%) according to Management estimates.
During 2015, GO steel prices (based on RGO
30Q130 - Shanghai Market) increased by more
than 20% compared to 2014 (from 1,600$/tonne
to 1,950$/tonne). Prices in China for NGO steel
(based on NGO M470-50A - Shanghai Market),
which accounts for approximately 80% of the
global electrical steel market, decreased over
the course of 2015 to reach approximately 600$/
tonne at year end (from over 800$/tonne at end
of 2014).

Demand for Stainless and Electrical Steel
and Nickel Alloys Products

Demand for stainless and electrical steel, which
represents approximately 2.5% of the global steel
market by volume, is affected to a significant de-
gree by trends in the global economy and industri-
al production. Demand is also affected in the short
term by fluctuations in nickel prices, as discussed
in greater detail under "- Stainless Steel Pricing"
above.

In 2014, global demand for stainless steel flat
products grew by 5%. In 2015, global demand
for stainless steel flat products contracted by 1%,
primarily due to a sharp slowdown in China con-
sumption growth and contraction in developed
markets. Management believes that global de-
mand for stainless steel flat products is expected
to increase by approximately 3% per annum from
2015 until 2019.

In 2014, demand for GO and NGO grew by ap-
proximately 4%. In 2015, demand for GO and
NGO continued to grow by approximately 5%.

Global demand increased primarily due to energy
transmission projects around the world (especial-
ly China) and new energy efficiency requirements
increased the demand for low core loss grades.
Nickel Alloys market growth slowed down in 2015,
compared to 2014, as the consequence of a con-
trasted situation, opposing healthy aerospace and
electrical safety markets against depressed oil &
gas markets. However, among oil & gas applica-
tions, the growing role of natural gas in the world
boosted the demand for nickel alloys in this area
and enabled to partially offset the general oil &
gas market decreases. Management estimates
that the global demand for nickel alloys will re-
main stable or may see slight growth in the com-
ing year.

Production and capacity

In 2014, global growth in flat stainless steel pro-
duction was 8%. In 2015, global flat stainless steel
production decreased by 1% primarily driven by
a sharp slowdown of China's production growth
and a contraction in the developed world output
as Europe was impacted by a destocking phase.
Global structural overcapacity continued to affect
the stainless steel industry, as 2015 saw another
year of double digit growth in flat stainless steel
capacity in China, while consumption growth de-
celerated sharply, with almost no growth in con-
sumption in 2015.

These developments mean that the overcapacity
in the stainless steel industry in China increased
significantly in 2015. Implications are that not only
is China facing a significant industry restructuring
challenge, but with over 50% of global installed
capacity, it can exert disproportionate direct and
indirect export pressures over other regions.

Management estimates global utilisation rates
reached approximately 70% in 2014 and de-
cteased to 64% in 2015. Global utilisation rates
are forecasted to gradually improve through 2019,
as global demand growth continues and China
addresses its structural overcapacity.



--- Page 8 ---

Competition

With over 1.89 million tonnes of shipments in
2015, Aperam is the largest flat stainless steel
producer in South America, the second largest
producer in Europe behind Outokumpu, and one
of the top 10 flat stainless steel producers in the
World

Aperam's main competitors in Europe are Outo-
kumpu, Acerinox and Thyssen Krupp's Terni. Im-
ports into Europe were significant, representing
23% of the flat stainless steel market in 2015. The
European competitive landscape continued to im-
prove with Outokumpu’s completion of restructur-
ing actions of its industrial footprint.

Although anti-dumping duties imposed on Chi-
nese and Taiwanese cold rolled coil significantly
reduced imports from these countries, these have
been partially offset by a sharp increase in imports
from other countries.

Aperam remains the leading flat stainless produc-
er in South America, with its operations based in
Timoteo, Brazil. Challenging market conditions in
Brazil in 2015, and increased competitiveness of
Brazilian operations in regional markets enabled
higher exports out of the Latin America region.
The global competitive landscape has trans-
formed over the past years, with Chinese pro-
ducers Tsingshan, TISCO, Baosteel and Beihai
Chengde today ranking among the ten largest
global flat stainless producers in the world.

Anti-dumping
developments

European Union

On March 24, 2015, the European Commission
announced the imposition of a provisional anti-
dumping duty on imports of stainless steel cold-
rolled flat products originating from the People's
Republic of China and Taiwan. The notification fol-
lows a complaint lodged on May 13, 2014 by the
European Steel Association-Eurofer.

On July 23, 2015 the European Commission an-
nounced the termination of the anti-subsidy pro-
ceeding concerning imports of stainless steel
cold-rolled flat products originating from the Peo-
ple's Republic of China. The notification follows
a letter of May 11, 2015 addressed to the Com-
mission, where the complainant Eurofer formally
withdrew its complaint lodged on July 1, 2014.
On August 27, 2015 the European Commission
announced, by a notice published in the Official
Journal of the European Union, the imposition of
a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of stain-
less steel cold-rolled flat products originating from
the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. The
amounts secured by way of the provisional anti-
dumping duty imposed shall be definitively col-
lected. The amounts secured in excess of the de-
finitive rate of anti-dumping duty shall be released.
The rates of the definitive anti-dumping duty ap-
plicable to the net, free-at-Union-frontier price,
before duty, are as follows:

On October 27, 2015, the Taiwanese steelmaker
Yieh United Steel lodged an appeal with the Eu-
ropean Court of Justice in Luxembourg challeng-
ing the EU tariffs of 6.8% on Yieh United Steel's
imports of cold-rolled stainless steel.

On November 20, 2015, the Chinese stainless
steelmaker Taigang Stainless filed an appeal with
the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg. It
challenges the European Commission's definitive
anti-dumping duty of 24.4% on Taigang’s stain-
less cold-rolled products.

Brazil

During 2012, Brazil's Trade Defence Department
("Decom"), an investigative body under the Bra-
zilian Ministry of Development, Industry and For-
eign Trade, opened an anti-dumping investigation
against imports from several countries for welded
austenitic stainless pipes, flat stainless steel prod-
ucts and flat non-grain oriented products and im-
posed antidumping duties for a period of 5 years
as described below:

Anti-dumping status

Type of products Import duties status
Stainless Stee! Flat

Products

CR 304 and 430, in Normal import duties
thicknesses between are 14%

0.35mm and 4.75mm

AD duties starting October 4th, 2013 for 5

years from 236 $/t to 1,077 Sit.

Countries involved are China, Taiwan, South Korea,
Vietnam, Finland and Germany

Stainless Steel Normal import duties
Welded Tubes in thic- are 14%

kness between 0.4mm

to 12,70mm

AD duties starting July 29th, 2013 for 5 years
from $360/t up to 911 Sit.
Countries involved are China and Taiwan.

Product Type Countries

Definitive

Anti-dumping duty (%)) Effective from

People Republic of

Cold Rolled Stainless China

Steel Flat Products

From 24,4%

up 0 25.3% March 26th, 2015*

Electric arc furnace Taiwan

6,8% Except Chia Far 0% March 26th, 2015*

* Entry in force from the day following that of the publication of the provisional measures in the Official Journal of the European

Union. The measures have been implemented for a 5- year-period.

Electrical steel - Normal import duties
Non Grain Oriented are 14%

‘AD duties imposed starting July 17th 2013 for §
years from 133 $/t to 567 $/t. Countries involved are
China, Korea and Taiwan

On August 15, 2014, Camex released AD partially,
giving 45Kt of imports in the next 12 months without AD
penalties.

On August 12, 2015, Camex announced 11Kt
of free AD quota until the end of the Public Interest
investigation in November 2015. AD rights payment

would be subject to final investigation decision.

On November 04, 2015 Camex announces the
end of the Public Interest investigation that cancel free
AD import quotas published in August 12, 2015 and
establishes AD duties from 90 $/t to 132 $/t -valid until
2018 — from

China, Taiwan and South Korea. Also announced a
call for importers to make the payment of the AD rights
for the material imported during the quota period from
‘August, 2015 to November 2016.

Electrical steel - Normal import duties are
Grain Oriented 14%



--- Page 9 ---

Raw Materials and Energy

Raw Materials

Stainless and specialty steel production requires
substantial amounts of raw materials (primar-
ily nickel, chromium, molybdenum, stainless and
carbon steel scrap, charcoal (biomass) and iron
ore). Except for charcoal, which is produced in-
ternally, we are exposed to price uncertainty with
respect to each of these raw materials, which we
typically purchase under short-term and long-term
supply contracts, as well as on the spot market.

Prices for these raw materials are strongly corre-
lated with demand for stainless steel and carbon
steel and accordingly tend to fluctuate in response
to changes in supply and demand dynamics in the
industry. In addition, since most of the raw materi-
als we use are finite resources, their prices may
also fluctuate in response to any perceived scar-
city of reserves and the evolution of the pipeline
of new exploration projects to replace depleted
reserves.

In 2014, the nickel market remained in oversup-
ply by around 90,000 tonnes. After an initial rise
to $21,000 per tonne due to the Indonesian ore
export ban, the price weakened to $15,000 per
tonne in December. The European benchmark
price for ferrochrome was $1.15 per pound of
chrome in the last quarter of 2014. Molybdenum
oxide prices traded around $20,000 per tonne at
the end of the year. The reference iron ore price
(62% Fe203; CIF China) showed a steep fall from
$130 per tonne in January to $68 per tonne end
December 2014. Ferrous scrap prices (E8 qual-
ity; Western Europe) ended the year 2014 at 250
Euro per tonne.

In 2015, the nickel price, like most other com-
modity prices, suffered from oversupply and the
weaker Chinese economy. The European bench-
mark price for ferrochrome was stable at $1.08
per pound of chrome from January till September
but dropped to $1.04 per pound of chrome in the
fourth quarter. Like nickel, molybdenum prices
saw a big correction from $20,000 per tonne in
January to $10,000 per tonne in November, fol-
lowed by a moderate recovery to $11,000 per
tonne in December as some capacity was idled.
The reference iron ore price (62% Fe203; CIF
China) also continued its fall in 2015, from $70
per tonne in January to $40 per tonne by end De-
cember 2015.

Ferrous scrap prices (E8 quality; Western Eu-
rope) followed the iron ore trend with some delay
and started the year relatively stable in a range
of 230 — 240 Euro per tonne but decreased as of
July to end the year at 170 Euro per tonne.

Energy

With regard to natural gas, as part of the Leader-
ship Journey®, the Timéteo production facility in
Brazil switched from LPG to natural gas in 2011
and entered into a long-term natural gas supply
contract with a Brazilian supplier. As from 2015,
the Group purchases in Europe most of its natural
gas through a new supply contract that has been
put in place with ArcelorMittal Energy.

With regard to electricity, in most of the countries
where the Group operates, electricity prices have
moved in line with other energy commodities.
The Group benefits from access to baseload nu-
clear power in France. Complementary needs are
sourced from the market. Brazilian power prices
have experienced a decrease in 2015 as com-
pared to a 2014 peak, but are likely to increase
again, driven by continued increase in demand for
electricity. Aperam operations in Brazil have a net
long position which is mitigated through excess
power sale to the market.

With regard to industrial gases, the Group pro-
cures its industrial gas requirements using long-
term contracts with various suppliers in different
geographical regions.

Impact of exchange rate
movements

At the end of 2014, the U.S. dollar amounted to
0.8237 Euro/U.S.dollar and 2.6562 Brazilian real/
U.S. dollar. In 2015, the U.S. dollar appreciated by
12% against the Euro to reach 0.9185 Euro/U.S.
dollar at year end. In 2015, the U.S. dollar appre-
ciated by 47% against the Brazilian real to reach
3.9048 Brazilian real/U.S. dollar at year end. Be-
cause a substantial portion of Aperam's assets,
liabilities, sales and earnings are denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar (its presenta-
tion currency), Aperam has exposure to fluctua-
tions in the values of these currencies relative to
the U.S. dollar. In order to minimise its currency
exposure, the Group enters into hedging transac-
tions to lock in a set exchange rate, in accordance
with its management policies.

Board of
directors

The Board of Directors is in
charge of the overall manage-
ment of the Company. It is re-
sponsible for the performance of
all acts of administration neces-
sary or useful to implementation
of the corporate purpose of the
Company as described in the Ar-
ticles of Association, except for
matters expressly reserved by
Luxembourg law or the Articles
of Association to the general
meeting of shareholders.

Aperam places a strong emphasis on corporate
governance. Aperam has four independent direc-
tors out of the seven members of the Board of
Directors and the Board's Audit and Risk Manage-
ment Committee and Remuneration, Nomination
and Corporate Governance Committee are each
comprised exclusively of independent directors.
Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal is the Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Mr. Romain Bausch is the Lead
Independent Director. Mr. Bausch's principal du-
ties and responsibilities as Lead Independent Di-
rector are as follows: coordination of activities of
the other Independent Directors; liaison between
the Chairman and the other Independent Direc-
tors; the calling of meetings of the Independent
Directors when necessary and appropriate; lead-
ing the Board of Directors’ self-evaluation process
and such other duties as are assigned from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

On May 5, 2015, the annual general meeting of
shareholders elected Mr. Philippe Darmayan for a
term of three years following Mr. Gonzalo Urqui-
jo’s decision to step down from the Board of Direc-
tors for personal considerations effective May 5,
joined the Board at the
creation of Aperam and chaired its Sustainability,
Performance and Strategy Committee.

The members of the Board of Directors extended
their warmest gratitude and appreciation for Mr.
Urquijo’s valuable contribution to the Board since
the creation of Aperam. Mr. Philippe Darmayan
was Aperam's CEO from 2011 to 2014 and retired
effective December 31, 2014. As announced on
October 14, 2014, Mr. Philippe Darmayan will also
retain links with the Aperam Group as an advisor
due to his extensive industry knowledge.

Aperam's Board composition is subject to the
election of the members of the Board of Directors
by the shareholders at the Company's upcoming
shareholders’ meeting. The election of members
of the Board of Directors is an agenda item pub-
lished in the Company's convening notice to its
shareholders’ meetings. Members of the Board
of Directors are elected by simple majority of the
represented shareholders at an ordinary general
meeting of shareholders. The directors of Aperam
are elected for three year terms.

No member of the Board of Directors have en-
tered into a service contract with Aperam or any of
its subsidiaries providing for benefits upon the end
of his or her service on the Board. In December
2013, all non-executive Directors of the Company
signed the Company's Appointment Letter, which
confirms the conditions of their appointment in-
cluding compliance with a non-compete provision,
the 10 Principles of Corporate Governance of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange dated May 2013
and the Company's Code of Business Conduct.

The members of the Board of Directors as of the
date of this Annual Report are set forth below. The
terms of the members of the Board of Directors
expire at the annual general meeting of sharehold-
ers as described in the table on the next page.


--- Page 10 ---

Position wihtin

Date joined

(1) (2) A
Name Age the Company Board Term Expires
Chairman, Non-
Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal 65 independent member of the Board December 2010 May 2016
of Directors
Lead May 2016
Mr. Romain Bausch () (4) 62 Independent Director, Independent — January 2011
member of the Board of Directors
Non-independent member of the May 2015 May 2018
Mr. Philippe Darmayan 63 Board of Directors
Independent member of the Board May 2013 May 2017
Mr. Joseph Greenwell (4) 64 of Directors
Independent member of the Board December 2010 May 2016
Ms. Kathryn A. Matthews) 56 of Directors
Non-independent member of the — December 2010
Mr. Aditya Mittal 39 Board of Directors May 2016
Independent member of the Board
Ms. Laurence Mulliez °) 49 of Directors May 2011 May 2017
Notes:

Company Secretary: Mr. Laurent Beauloye

(1) Age on December 31, 2015

(2) See section Corporate Governance/Board of Directors for the status of independent director.

(3) Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.

(4) Member of the Remuneration, Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee

Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal

Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal is the
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of ArcelorMittal. Mr. Mit-
tal started his career in steel in
1976 by founding Ispat Indo,
a company that is still held pri-
vately by the Mittal family. He
founded Mittal Steel Company (formerly the LNM
Group) in 1989 and guided its strategic develop-
ment, culminating in the merger in 2006 with Arce-
lor, to form the world’s largest steelmaker.

He is widely recognised for the leading role he has
played in restructuring the steel industry towards
a more consolidated and globalised model. Mr.
Mittal is an active philanthropist and a member of
various boards and trusts, including chairman of
the board of Aperam and the boards of Goldman
Sachs and Airbus N.V (previously EADS NV).

He is a member of the Foreign Investment Council
in Kazakhstan, the World Economic Forum's In-
ternational Business Council and the World Steel
Association's Executive Committee. He also sits
on the Board of Trustees of Cleveland Clinic in the
United States. Mr. Mittal began his career working
in his family's steelmaking business in India, and
has over 35 years of experience working in steel
and related industries. In addition to spearhead-
ing the steel industry's consolidation, he champi-
oned the development of integrated mini-mills and
the use of Direct Reduced Iron (DRI) as a scrap
substitute for steelmaking. Following the merger
of Ispat International and LNM Holdings to form
Mittal Steel in December 2004, with the simulta-
neous acquisition of International Stee! Group, he
led the formation of the world’s steel producer at
the time. In 2006, he orchestrated Mittal Steel and
Arcelor's merger to form ArcelorMittal. Mr. Mittal
then led a successful integration of two large enti-
ties to firmly establish ArcelorMittal as one of the
foremost industrial companies in the world. The
company continues to be the largest and most
global steel manufacturer.

More recently, Mr. Mittal has been leading Arcelor-
Mittal's expansion of its mining business through
significant brownfield and greenfield growth. In
1996, Mr. Mittal was awarded ‘Steelmaker of the
Year’ by New Steel in the United States and in
1998 the ‘Willy Korf Steel Vision Award’ by World
Steel Dynamics for outstanding vision, entrepre-
neurship, leadership and success in global steel
development. He was named Fortune magazine’s
‘European Businessman of the Year 2004’. Mr.
Mittal was awarded ‘Business Person of 2006’ by
the Sunday Times, ‘International Newsmaker of
the Year 2006’ by Time Magazine and ‘Person of
the Year 2006’ by the Financial Times for his out-
standing business achievements.

In January 2007, Mr. Mittal was presented with a
Fellowship from King’s College London, the col-
lege's highest award. He also received in 2007
the Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership
Award, the Grand Cross of Civil Merit from Spain
and was named AIST Steelmaker of the year. In
January 2008, Mr. Mittal was awarded the Padma
Vibhushan, India’s second highest civilian honour,
by the President of India. In September 2008, Mr.
Mittal was chosen for the third ‘Forbes Lifetime
Achievement Award’, which honours heroes of
entrepreneurial capitalism and free enterprise.

In October 2010, he was awarded World Steel
Association's medal in recognition of his services
to the Association as its Chairman and also for
his contribution to the sustainable development of
the global steel industry. In January 2013, Mr. Mit-
tal was awarded with a Doctor Honoris Causa by
the AGH University of Science and Technology in
Krakow, Poland. Mr. Mittal was born in Sadulpur in
Rajasthan, India on June 15, 1950. He graduated
from St. Xavier's College in Kolkata, India where
he received a Bachelor of Commerce degree. Mr.
Mittal is married to Usha Mittal. They have a son,
Aditya Mittal, and a daughter, Vanisha Mittal Bha-
tia. Mr. Mittal is a citizen of India.

Mr. Romain Bausch

Mr. Romain Bausch is the Chair-
man of the Board of Directors
of SES since January 2015.
Mr. Bausch is a member of the
Board of Directors of SES since
April 2014. Previously, he was
President and Chief Executive
Officer of SES from July 2001 to
April 2014. SES is a world-leading telecommuni-
cations satellite operator, with a global fleet of 54
geostationary satellites. SES holds participations
in a number of satellite operators and satellite ser-
vice provision companies.

Mr. Bausch is a member of the Board of Directors
of non-publicly listed SES ASTRA and Vice-Chair-
man of the Board of non-publicly listed O3b Net-
works. He became the Director General and the
Chairman of the Management Committee of SES
in 1995, following a career in the Luxembourg civil
service (Ministry of Finance). Previously, he oc-
cupied key positions in the banking, media and
telecommunications sectors in Luxembourg. Mr.
Bausch is a member of the Board of Directors of
non-publicly listed BIP Investment Partners and
Compagnie Financiére La Luxembourgeoise. Mr.
Bausch is also Chairman of the CNFP, the Lux-
embourg Independent Advisory Board for Public
Finances. Mr. Bausch graduated with a degree in
economics (specialisation in business administra-
tion) from the University of Nancy and holds an
honorary doctorate from Sacred Heart University
in Luxembourg. Mr. Bausch is a citizen of Luxem-
bourg.

Mr. Philippe Darmayan

Mr. Philippe Darmayan is Presi-
dent of ArcelorMittal France
since 1 January 2015. He is
also President of the French
Steel Federation (FFA), Presi-
dent of the Group of French In-
dustrial Federations (GFI) and

Board Member of non-publicly listed REstore, a

leading European demand response aggregator.

Mr. Philippe Darmayan spent his whole career in

metallurgy (nuclear fuel, aluminium, carbon steel,

stainless steel).


--- Page 11 ---

Aperam is his second experience in the stainless
steel industry. Indeed, he led from 2002 to 2006
Ugine and ALZ, which later became the European
division of ArcelorMittal Stainless then Aperam.
He has been Chief Executive Officer of Aperam
from 2011 to 2014 after being Executive Vice-
President, member of ArcelorMittal's Manage-
ment Committee and Chief Executive Officer of
ArcelorMittal Distribution and Solutions (AMDS)
from 2005 to 2011. Mr. Philippe Darmayan is a
graduate of HEC Paris. Mr. Philippe Darmayan is
acitizen of France.

Mr. Joseph Greenwell

Mr. Joseph Greenwell has a
x career of 40 years in the motor
industry and held senior roles in
Jaguar Land Rover, Ford of Eu-
rope and Ford North America.
N Mr. Greenwell was appointed
Chairman of Ford of Britain in
2009 and retired effective from this position end
of April 2013. Prior to this role, Mr. Greenwell was
Vice President, Government Affairs, Ford of Eu-
rope and Premier Automotive Group from 2005 to
2008 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Jaguar and Land Rover from 2003 to 2005.

Previously, he was Vice President, Marketing,
Ford North America, Vice President, Global Mar-
keting and Operations and Vice President Global
Product Promotions from 2001 to 2003. Prior to
that, he was Vice President Communications and
Public Affairs for Ford of Europe from 1999 to
2001 and held similar responsibilities for Jaguar
Cars from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Greenwell began his
career as a graduate trainee with British Leyland
Motor Corporation in 1973.

In recognition of his services to the automotive
industry he was awarded a CBE (Commander of
the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire)
in the Queen's birthday honours list in 2011. Mr.
Greenwell is Chairman of the RAC Foundation,
a UK transport research charity. Mr. Greenwell
holds a Bachelor of Art degree from the University
of East Anglia. Mr. Greenwell is a citizen of the
United Kingdom.

Ms. Kathryn A. Matthews

Ms. Kathryn A. Matthews has
over thirty years of experience
in the financial sector, with a fo-
cus on asset management, and
has held senior management
roles with Fidelity International
Ltd, AXA Investment Manag-

ers, Santander Global Advisors Inc. and Baring

Asset Management. Currently, Ms Matthews is a

non- executive director of publicly listed Rathbone

Brothers Plc and JPMorgan Chinese Investment

Trust Plc and Chairman of publicly listed Montan-

aro UK Smaller Companies Investment Trust Plc.

Ms. Matthews is also a non-executive director of

non-publicly listed Hermes Fund Managers Ltd.

Ms. Matthews is also a member of the charitable

non listed Board of Trustees for The Nuffield Trust

and a member of the Council for the Duchy of

Lancaster. Ms. Matthews holds a Bachelor of Sci-

ence degree in Economics from Bristol University

in Bristol, England and is a citizen of the United

Kingdom.

Mr. Aditya Mittal

Mr. Aditya Mittal is the Chief Fi-
nancial Officer of ArcelorMittal
and the CEO of ArcelorMittal Eu-
rope. Prior to the merger to cre-
ate ArcelorMittal, Mr. Aditya Mit-
tal held the position of President
and Chief Financial Officer of
Mittal Steel Company from October 2004 to 2006.
He joined Mittal Steel in January 1997 and has
held various finance and management roles with-
in the company. In 1999, he was appointed Head
of Mergers and Acquisitions for Mittal Steel. In this
role, he led the company’s acquisition strategy, re-
sulting in Mittal Steel's expansion into Central Eu-
rope, Africa and the United States. Besides M&A
responsibilities, Aditya Mittal was involved in post-
integration, turnaround and improvement strate-
gies. As Chief Financial Officer of Mittal Steel, he
also initiated and led Mittal Steel's offer for Arce-
lor to create the first 100 million tonnes plus steel
company. In 2008, Mr. Aditya Mittal was award-
ed ‘European Business Leader of the Future’ by
CNBC Europe. In 2011, he was also ranked 4th in
the '40 under 40’ list of Fortune magazine.

He is a Young Global Leader of the World Eco-
nomic Forum, a Board member at the Wharton
School and a Board member at Iconiq Capital.
Aditya Mittal holds a Bachelor's degree of Sci-
ence in Economics with concentrations in Strate-
gic Management and Corporate Finance from the
Wharton School in Pennsylvania, United States.
Mr. Aditya Mittal is the son of Mr. Lakshmi N. Mit-
tal. Mr. Aditya Mittal is a citizen of India.

Ms. Laurence Mulliez

Ms. Laurence Mulliez has 25
a years of experience mostly in
Profit & Loss roles in the oil, gas

and chemical industries as well

as renewables (solar and wind

power). She was recently CEO

of Eoxis from 2010 to 2013. Pri-

vately held Eoxis produced energy from renew-
able resources in Spain, Italy and India and was
backed by a private equity firm, Platina Partners.

Ms. Laurence Mulliez was previously CEO of
Castrol Industrial Lubricants and Services at BP
from 2007 to 2009 and before that held various
Managing Director level positions in BP, such as
Vice President PTA (a Chemical business) across
Europe, Middle East and Africa from 2004 to 2007
and before that Head of Strategy and Financial
Planning globally for all of BP's Gas, Power and
Renewable Energy businesses.

Ms. Mulliez is currently the Chairman at Voltalia,
a renewable-based electricity producer in four
countries which is publicly listed on Euronext in
Paris and a member of the Supervisory Board of
SBM Offshore, a provider of floating production
solutions to the offshore energy industry which
is publicly listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. She
is also a Non-Executive Director at non-publicly
listed Green Investment Bank plc in the UK.

Ms. Mulliez holds a degree in business from the
Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Rouen and an
MBA from the University of Chicago Booth, with a
concentration in Finance and Strategy. Ms. Mul-
liez is a citizen of France but has been living in
London for the last 15 years.

Senior
management

Each member of the Company's
senior management is a
member of the Leadership Team
(formerly named Management
Committee), which is entrusted
with the day-to-day management
of the Company. The mem-

bers of the Leadership Team

are appointed and dismissed

by the Board of Directors. The
Leadership Team may exercise
only the authority granted to it by
the Board of Directors.

Changes to the Leadership
Team in 2015

Mr. Timoteo Di Maulo, member of Aperam’'s Lead-
ership Team, is Aperam’s Chief Executive Officer
effective January 1, 2015. Mr. Philippe Darmayan,
who had been the Chief Executive Officer of Aper-
am from 2011 to 2014 is now a Member of the
Board of Directors effective May 5, 2015 as de-
scribed in greater detail under the section “Board
of Directors’.

On March 2, 2015, Aperam announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Bert Lyssens as Head of Sustain-
ability, Human Resources and Communications
effective April 1, 2015


--- Page 12 ---

The members of Aperam's Leadership Team are set forth below.

Name Age Function
Mr. Timéteo Di Maulo 56 Chief Executive Officer; Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Sandeep Jalan 48 Chief Financial Officer; Member of the Leadership Team
Ms. Vanisha Mittal Bhatia 35 Chief Strategy Officer; Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Nicolas Changeur 44 Chief Marketing Officer, Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Bernard Hallemans 48 Chief Technical Officer, Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Bert Lyssens 46 Head of Sustainability, Human Resources and Communications
Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Jean-Paul Rouffiac 63 Chief Operating Officer Stainless & Electrical Stee! Europe;
Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Frederico Ayres Lima 43 Chief Operating Officer Stainless & Electrical Stee! South America;
Member of the Leadership Team
Ms, Johanna Van Sevenant 47 Chief Executive Officer Services & Solutions;
Member of the Leadership Team
Mr. Frédéric Mattei 42 Chief Executive Officer Alloys & Specialties,
Member of the Leadership Team

Note:

Secretary to the Leadership Team: Mr. Guillaume Bazetoux, Head of Finance

(1) Age on December 31, 2015
Mr. Timoteo Di Maulo

Mr. Timoteo Di Maulo is the Chief

Executive Officer since January

2015. Mr. Di Maulo has over

twenty-five years of experience

in the stainless steel industry,

§ FBR having hela a number of posi-

tions in the controlling, purchas-

ing, logistics and commercial areas and has been

CEO of different units of the Group. Previously,

Mr. Di Maulo was Chief Commercial and Sourcing

Officer from May 2012 to December 2014. Prior to

this function Mr. Di Maulo has served as Chief Ex-

ecutive Officer - Services & Solutions since 2005.

In 1990, Mr. Di Maulo joined Ugine Italia, where

he held various positions in the controlling, pur-

chasing and sales departments. While at Ugine

Italia, he successfully implemented and launched

the ERP System, "Sidonie", across all of Ugine's
subsidiaries worldwide.

In 1996, Mr. Di Maulo joined Ugine's Commercial
Direction in Paris where he was in charge of its In-
dustry and Distribution division. Mr. Di Maulo was
subsequently named Service Division Industrial
Director in 1998 and took on additional responsi-
bilities as Chief Executive Officer of the German
SSC, RCC.

In 2000, Mr. Di Maulo was named Chief Execu-
tive Officer of U&A Italy, a role which gave him
full responsibility for its mill sales network and
its two Italian SSCs. Mr. Di Maulo was then ap-
pointed Chief Executive Officer of ArcelorMittal’s
Stainless Europe Service Division in 2005 and,
in 2008, of ArcelorMittal Stainless International
(which included the division's worldwide mill sales
network, all distribution and processing centres
and ArcelorMittal Stainless Europe's tube mills
and precision strips). Mr. Di Maulo is a graduate of
Politecnico di Milano in Milan and holds an M.B.A.
from Bocconi University in Mitan. Mr. Di Maulo is
a citizen of Italy.

Mr. Sandeep Jalan

Mr. Sandeep Jalan is the Chief
Financial Officer of Aperam since
January 2014. Mr. Sandeep
Jalan has over twenty-five years
of experience in finance and
joined ArcelorMittal in 1999. Dur-
ing his time with ArcelorMittal he
has held a number of positions including being an
active member of the Mergers & Acquisition due
diligence team for numerous acquisitions in both
steel and mining and also helped in establishing
the company's group-wide business performance
management systems.

Most recently Mr. Sandeep Jalan was Chief Finan-
cial Officer of ArcelorMittal Long Carbon Europe,
responsible for finance and strategy. Mr. Jalan is a
Commerce Graduate from Banaras Hindu Univer-
sity (BHU), Chartered Accountant (equivalent to
CPA) and Company Secretary from the respective
Institutes in India. He has also completed an Ex-
ecutive Education Programme on Leadership at
the London School of Business and an executive
education program on Strategic Finance at IMD,
Lausanne. Mr. Jalan is a citizen of India.

Ms. Vanisha Mittal Bhatia

Ms. Vanisha Mittal Bhatia joined
Aperam in April 2011 and is the
Chief Strategy Officer. She has
a bachelor of sciences from the
European Business School. Ms.
Mittal Bhatia is a member of the
Board of Directors of ArcelorMit-
tal and previously of LNM holdings; where she
worked in the procurement department. She is
also the daughter of Mr. Lakshmi N. Mittal. Ms.
Mittal Bhatia is a citizen of India.

»

Mr. Nicolas Changeur

Mr. Nicolas Changeuris the Chief
Marketing Officer for Stainless &
Electrical Steel since Novem-
ber 2014. Mr. Changeur joined
the Group in 2003 as Head of
strategy of J&L, USA. He then
held various positions inside the
stainless segment in strategy and in operations in
Europe and in South America.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Changeur spent 2
years as Senior Associate at AT Kearney a strat-
egy consulting firm. Until July 2012, Mr. Changeur
was in charge of Services & Solutions Tubes &
Bars. In July 2012 he was appointed Responsi-
ble for Operating Marketing. Mr. Changeur holds
a master in science in general engineering from
Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Arts et Métiers
and a master in business administration from IN-
SEAD. Mr. Changeur is a citizen of France.

Mr. Bernard Hallemans

Mr. Bernard Hallemans is the

Chief Technical Officer since

November 2014. Mr. Bernard

Hallemans joined the Group in

1995 as a research and metal-

i lurgical engineer. He conducted

different R&D, quality and pro-

cess improvement projects in the stainless steel

making, hot rolling and cold rolling areas until

2001. From the Ugine & ALZ merger in 2002 to

2007, he was responsible for the setup and man-

agement of the customer service department of

the Genk plant and later of the Division Industry

within Stainless Europe. In 2008, he moved to

Chatelet, heading the Chatelet plant. He was ap-

pointed Plant Manager of Genk, effective Janu-

ary, 2012. Bernard graduated as a Metallurgical

Engineer from KU Leuven, where he worked for

4 years as a research assistant while finishing his

PHD in Materials Science. He holds a European

Executive MBA from ESCP-EAP Paris. Mr. Hal-
lemans is a citizen of Belgium.

Mr. Bert Lyssens

Mr. Bert Lyssens is the Respon-
sible for Sustainability, Human
Resources and Communications
<3 since April 2015. Mr. Lyssens
started his professional career
are in Belgium and was Executive
Search Consultant at Schel-
straete & Desmedt as from 1994 before joining
Cimad Consultants in 1997 as Project Staffing
Manager and IBM as HR Manager in 1998. From
1999 to 2005, Mr. Lyssens held senior HR posi-
tions at AT&T, an American multinational telecom-
munications corporation, with assignments in The
Netherlands and the UK and responsibilities for
EMEA. He joined Agfa Gevaert in 2005 as HR
Director responsible for EMEA and was appoint-
ed HR Director International at Agfa Graphics in
2006. In 2008, he was appointed VP Human Re-
sources at Agfa HealthCare and in 2010, he was
appointed Group Vice President. Mr. Lyssens
holds a degree in Psychology from the University
of Ghent. Mr. Lyssens is a citizen of Belgium.


--- Page 13 ---

Mr. Jean-Paul Rouffiac

Mr. Jean-Paul Rouffiac is the
Chief Operating Officer Stain-
less & Electrical Steel Europe
since May 2012. Prior to this
function Mr. Jean-Paul Rouffiac
has served as Chief Executive
Officer - Stainless & Electrical
Steel Europe since December 2007. Mr. Rouffiac
joined the Usinor Group in 1978 as a lawyer and
served as Secretary of the Management Board
from 1982 to 1985. He subsequently held various
senior sales and marketing positions in the Flat
Carbon division between 1986 and 1997. In March
1997, Mr. Rouffiac was appointed Vice President
of International & Economic Affairs and Secre-
tary of the Board of Directors. Between 2000 and
2002, Mr. Rouffiac was appointed Vice President
of Flat Carbon Sales and Marketing and, prior to
the creation of Arcelor, he headed negotiations
with the EU's Competition Directorate General.
Mr. Rouffiac was named Vice President in charge
of SSCs in 2002 and, in 2006, was appointed Vice
President responsible for SSCs within ArcelorMit-
tal's Distribution and Solutions division. He was
appointed Chief Executive Officer of ArcelorMittal
Stainless Steel - Europe in 2007. Mr. Rouffiac is
a graduate of Sciences Po in Paris, France and
Paris 1 Panthéon Sorbonne Law University. Mr.
Rouffiac is a citizen of France.

Mr. Frederico Ayres Lima

Mr. Frederico Ayres Lima is the

- Chief Operating Officer Stain-

2 less & Electrical Steel South

America since December 2014.

Prior to this function Mr. Lima

held the position of Commercial

Director of Aperam Stainless &

Electrical Steel South America since 2009. Mr.

Lima started his career in the Group in 1996 in

Brazil as Metallurgist performing various roles in

cost efficiency, technical assistance and produc-

tion. Mr. Lima worked in with exports from 2000 to

2003 and was appointed Manager in 2003 pursu-

ing responsibilities in Europe in the fields of syn-

ergies between mills, logistics and coordination

of the stainless sales network. Mr. Lima moved

back to Brazil in 2006 and held positions of Export
Manager and afterwards General Manager.

Mr. Lima holds Engineering and Master in Sci-
ence degrees in Metallurgy from the Universidade
Federal de Minas Gerais and an Executive MBA
in International Business Management from the
Fundagdo Getulio Vargas. Mr. Lima is a citizen of
Brazil.

Ms. Johanna Van Sevenant

Ms. Johanna Van Sevenant is
the Chief Executive Officer Ser-
vices & Solutions since Novem-
ber 2014. Previously, Ms. Van
Sevenant was Responsible for
Sustainability, Human Resourc-
es and Communications and
Member of the Leadership Team since the crea-
tion of Aperam. Ms. Johanna Van Sevenant start-
ed her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers Brus-
sels in 1993 and later joined Deloitte & Touche
in 1999 where she worked as a Senior Manager
of the Human Resources Advisory Services. She
subsequently joined the Arcelor Group in 2001 as
Managing Director of the Belgian Pension Com-
petence Centre at Usinor in Liége, Belgium. Be-
tween 2003 and 2006, Ms. Van Sevenant served
as International Manager—Pension and Risks
Benefits at the Human Resources Corporate Cen-
tre in Luxembourg. Ms. Van Sevenant became
Manager of Integration in 2006 and, in 2007, was
named Head of Human Resources, Communi-
cations and General Services of the ArcelorMit-
tal International division within Steel Services &
Solutions. She was later named Head of Human
Resources and Communication of the Stainless
Steel segment in December 2008. Ms. Van Sev-
enant holds a Master's degree in Political Science
and Business Administration from University Libre
de Bruxelles in Brussels, Belgium and a Master's
degree in Tax Law from HEC St. Louis in Brus-
sels. Ms. Van Sevenant is a citizen of Belgium.

Mr. Frédéric Mattei

Mr. Frédéric Mattei was ap-
pointed Chief Executive Officer
Alloys & Specialties since June
2014. Mr. Mattei started his ca-
reer in 1998 at Creusot Loire In-
dustrie, where he was succes-
sively project leader, manager
of the Hot Rolling Mill and clad plates workshop
and Logistics and Quality Manager.

From 2005 to 2007, he was head of Strategy and
Innovation of ArcelorMittal's Global Plates busi-
ness unit. In 2007, he became the manager of
the Le Creusot plant, part of ArcelorMittal's Indus-
teel unit. In 2013, Mr. Mattei joined the Salzgitter
Group as CEO of Salzgitter Mannesmann Stain-
less Tubes - France. Mr. Mattei is a graduate of
France's Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole Nation-
ale des Ponts et Chaussées and holds an Execu-
tive MBA from ESCP- EAP. Mr. Mattei is a citizen
of France.

Corporate
responsibility

On April 15, 2015 Aperam published
its fourth “made for life” report, which
details our sustainability performance
for 2014.

Built on stakeholder inclusiveness
and materiality, Aperam's report
follows the Global Reporting
Initiative's G4 framework and has
been verified by an external audit
firm.

The report demonstrates in detail how
Aperam’s Sustainability Roadmap

is fully embedded into our Group
strategy, strengthening our human,
physical and organisational assets
and unveiling new opportunities for
growth and innovation throughout our
three operational divisions.

At Aperam, we address our
sustainability challenges through our
values of leadership, ingenuity and
agility. Nothing is important as our
people and this means that Health
and Safety is our utmost priority.

Following this, we concentrate on
the training and development of
our workforce as a key to unlocking
innovation and engagement.
Environmental performance is
reported by showing Aperam’s
improvement efforts in areas such
as energy savings, dust-recycling
and the use of charcoal from our
eucalyptus forest business. Our
rigid governance standards are
also reflected in our stakeholder
engagement, social dialogue, our
compliance program and the care
we take for our partners, be they
suppliers or lenders, as well as for
our all-important customers.

Our responsibility as an
employer

Health & Safety

Safety has always been and will remain Aperam’s
non-negotiable top priority and our first duty as
an employer. The Group focuses relentlessly on
implementing rigorous standards and procedures,
including OHSAS 18 001 certifications, in order to
achieve our aims of zero fatalities, zero injuries.
We work towards embedding this into the fabric
of our corporate culture to ensure that this policy
applies to all those working with or for Aperam.

We focus on the LTFR (Lost Time Frequency
rate of medical incident per 1,000,000 hours) and
have set personal Health & Safety objectives for
everyone in the organisation to ensure vigilance
in Health & Safety across our Group all the time.
Sadly, a tragic fatality occurred in 2015. Information
regarding this as well as the comprehensive
follow-up program launched following this loss of
one of our colleagues will be covered extensively
in our next Sustainability report to be issued
ahead of the 2016 Annual General Meeting.

People development and motivation

Our people are not only our first asset but also
colleagues with whom we share Aperam values
and a common future.


--- Page 14 ---

So while taking care of their Health and Safety
is our top priority, we also have to invest in their
development in our own Aperam way, based on
team-work and respect and transparency, in order
to make this all of futures together a common
success. With the objective to continuously
improve motivation and performance at all
levels of our business, an annual "Performance
Management" process is in place to ensure
transparency, mutual respect and to capture
learning opportunities with our workforce at all
levels. It also allows Aperam to define the best
possible individual solutions while monitoring the
global competency management of the Group. As
this topic is key, Aperam conducts regular Climate
Surveys to assess employees’ expectations and
to monitor the programs in place to address them.

Social dialogue and employee relations
One of our Aperam commitments explicitly affirms
our desire that all employees should be able to
share their ideas through open communication
channels. Amongst the many ways we seek to
achieve this are regular dialogues with employee
representatives in line with national laws and
practices and promotion of the right to collective
bargaining.

Our employees in various parts of the world
are represented by trade unions, and in many
locations, collective labour agreements are in
place with employee organisations.

Our operations are run in a sound social climate,
as evidenced by our good level of absenteeism,
our low attrition rate and a very limited number
of strikes, reported as a token of goodwill and
transparency. In 2015, the social dialogue at
the European level was illustrated by regular
meetings of the European Work Council, with 4
occurrences of the working group dedicated to
Health and Safety.

Our environmental
responsibility

Because we are fully aware of climate change
and of the environmental impacts of our energy-
intensive industry, resource-efficiency topics
rank high in our Group's priority list. This also
encompass key areas such as waste management
and recyclability. However, we are also convinced
that our energy-efficient steel products are part of
the solution to global environmental challenges.

Sustainable production processes

Aperam energy management addresses two
different processes. On the European side, our
lower-consumption Electric Arc Furnaces leverage
locally available scrap material in order to use
less energy and generate a lower level of CO2
emissions than traditional blast furnaces. On the
Brazilian side, our Blast Furnace plant is fuelled
with charcoal (biomass) from our eucalyptus
forestry BioEnergia, as a natural and renewable
substitute for fossil fuels (coke). Aperam has set
up ambitious CO2 and Energy intensity reduction
objectives and some of our main sites are already
1S 50 001 certified.

Aperam is also working to reduce its water
consumption and promotes recycling, notably
through its wholly-owned Recyco subsidiary that
started operating for external customers in 2015.
In 2014, 28% of Aperam total manufacturing input
was recycled input materials.

Pollution prevention and_ biodiversity
protection

Aperam cares strongly about the environment.
In all Aperam industrial facilities, in accordance
with ISO 14001 certifications, comprehensive
procedures are in place to prevent incidents
such as fire or pollution, to monitor effluents
and to react swiftly in case of issues. Regular
training and emergency simulations as well as
communication channels are in place to allow for
quick response and adapted instructions for the
population in liaison with local authorities, should
an emergency arise. We closely manage our
effluents, especially our dust emissions which are
inconvenient to surrounding communities, as well
as water quality, ensured via constant monitoring
and 95.5% closed-circuits.

Biodiversity quality is vitally important and we
understand this, all the more so as it can be a
good indicator of a sound environment. Likewise,
bees are used in Isbergues (France) to monitor air
quality and promote local biodiversity protection.
In Brazil, our forestry, renewed every 7 years
to sustain charcoal production, is managed in a
responsible manner to make sure that it continues
its function as a carbon sink, water regulator and
wildlife haven.

Provision of recyclable energy efficient
steel solutions

Due to its properties of endless recyclability,
durability and mechanical resistance, we are

convinced that a sustainable society will need
increased stainless steel volumes, which creates
future opportunities for Aperam. We are involved in
developing stainless steel and specialty products
that are used in energy efficient applications by
our industrial customers, including:

> stainless steel for automotive (e.g., exhaust
systems) and energy infrastructure building
applications;

> electrical steel products used in high energy
efficient transformers and rotating machines; and

> nickel alloys for energy efficient electrical
equipment, energy production equipment and
waste treatment equipment, as well as for the
development of renewable energies, such as
solar power.

Our responsibility as a
neighbor and market
player

Community Engagement

We play an important role in the communities in
which we operate. For example, we act through
our Aperam Acesita foundation, which develops
corporate responsibility programs in Brazil, and
have established a number of partnerships with
local communities and municipal organisations,
including the fire brigade, police force, local
government and schools, all of which are aimed
at supporting the community. We also provide
grants to non-governmental organisations and
programs which focus on education, culture and
the environment. In Europe, we have established
a number of initiatives at our various production
facilities aimed at mitigating the environmental
impact of our operations and strengthening our
relationship with local communities. Management
intends to continue to develop new initiatives aimed
at supporting local communities, and believes
that such initiatives create value by protecting our
local license to operate, fostering goodwill within
neighbouring communities for mutually beneficial
solutions and generally promoting stainless and
specialty steel development.

Cooperation with Authorities and
compliance with Business Ethics

Aperam sees itself as a strong defender of the free
market and is in favour of fair business competition.
So at all times Aperam aims to comply fully with
local and international regulations, to adhere to
economic sanctions policies and to behave in a
responsible manner in all its markets, starting with
Europe and Brazil, where the Group has its largest
industrial sites. When Aperam has a request
from or a dispute arising with local authorities,
the Group fully cooperates to clarify and settle
the case in the best appropriate manner and in
line with its ethics, policies and code of business
conduct.

Supported by our Risks management organisation,
a strong Compliance program is in place in
Aperam to ensure all employees are aware and
applying the company code of business conduct
and to prevent any breach. This organisation is
strengthened by accrued transparency through
extensive disclosures of policies and figures.

Sustainability Reports

Aperam's sustainability reports are issued on
a yearly basis and are available on Aperam's
website, www.aperam.com in the Sustainability
section. Next release will be organised ahead of
the 2016 Annual General Meeting.

Island Pavilion and footbridge, WorfhsieynUK



--- Page 15 ---

Operational review

Aperam reports its operations in three segments: Stainless & Electrical Steel,
Services & Solutions and Alloys & Specialties.

The information in this section relates to the year ended December 31, 2015,
compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. The key performance
indicators that we use to analyse operations are sales, steel shipments,
average steel selling prices and operating result.

Key Indicators

The key performance indicators that we use to analyse operations are sales, steel shipments, average
steel selling prices and operating result. Our analysis of liquidity and capital resources is based on
operating cash flows.

Sales, Steel Shipments and Average Steel Selling Prices

The following table provides our sales, steel shipments and average selling prices by operating segment
for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014:

Sales forthe | Steel Shipments | Average Steel Selling
‘Year Ended | for the Year Ended Price for the Year Changes in
December 31" December 31 | _ Ended December 31
‘Average
Steel
Operating Steel Selling
Segment 2015 2014] 2015-2014 2015 2014] Sales Shipments Price
(in million of US. dollars) (in thousands of | (in US. dollarsitonne) (%)
tonnes)

Stainless & 3764 4390/1838 1,736 7988 2,391 (143) 5.9 (16.9)
Electrical Stee!”
Services & 2123 (2,363 769 724 2612 3,090] (102) 67 (15.5)
Solutions
Alloys & 566 618 34 36] 15,674 16,728 (64) (2.9) (1)
Specialties
Total (before 6453 7,371] 2,641 2,492 (125) 6.0
intragroup
eliminations)
Total (after 4a7ie 5,482] 1,886 1,813 (140) 4.0
intragroup
eliminations)

Notes:

ss & Electrical Steel shipment amounts are shown prior to intersegment shipments of 755 thousand tons and 679 thousand tons in 2015

The Group had sales of $4,716 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 representing a decrease
of 14.0% compared to sales of $5,482 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease
in sales was primarily due to the lower average steel selling price, which decreased from $2,851 per
tonne in 2014 to $2,413 per tonne in 2015. Steel shipments amounted to 1,886 thousand tonnes for the
year ended December 31, 2015, increasing by 4.0% from 1,813 thousand tonnes for the year ended
December 31, 2014.

Stainless & Electrical Steel

Sales in the Stainless & Electrical Steel segment
(including intersegment sales) decreased from
$4,390 million for the year ended December
31, 2014 to $3,764 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, which represented a 14.3%
decrease year-over-year. The decrease in sales
was primarily the result of a lower average steel
selling price for the segment partly compensated
by higher steel shipments. The average steel
selling price for the Stainless & Electrical Steel
segment decreased from $2,391 per tonne in 2014
to $1,988 per tonne in 2015, which represented
a decrease of 16.9%. Steel shipments for this
segment (including intersegment shipments)
increased from 1,736 thousand tonnes for
the year ended December 31, 2014 (of which
654 thousand tonnes were attributable to our
operations in South America and 1,082 thousand
tonnes were attributable to our operations in
Europe, including intersegment shipments)
to 1,838 thousand tonnes for the year ended
December 31, 2015 (of which 654 thousand
tonnes were attributable to our operations in
South America and 1,184 thousand tonnes were
attributable to our operations in Europe, including
intersegment shipments), which represented an
increase of 5.9%.

Sales to external customers in the Stainless &
Electrical Steel segment were $2,107 million,
representing 44.7% of total sales in 2015, a
decrease of 18.7% as compared to sales to
external customers of $2,593 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014, or 47.3% of total sales
in 2014.

Services & Solutions

Sales in the Services & Solutions segment
(including intersegment sales) decreased from
$2,363 million for the year ended December
31, 2014 to $2,123 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, which represented a 10.2%
decrease year-over-year. The decrease in sales
was primarily the result of a lower average steel
selling price for the segment partly compensated
by higher steel shipments. The average steel
selling price for the Services & Solutions segment
decreased by 15.5% from $3,090 per tonne
in 2014 to $2,612 per tonne in 2015. Steel
shipments for this segment increased from 721
thousand tonnes for the year ended December
31, 2014 to 769 thousand tonnes for the year
ended December 31, 2015, which represented an
increase of 6.7%.

Sales to external customers in the Services
& Solutions segment were $2,048 million,
representing 43.4% of total sales in 2015, a
decrease of 9.8% as compared to sales to
external customers of $2,270 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014, or 41.4% of total sales
in 2014.

Alloys & Specialties

Sales in the Alloys & Specialties segment
(including intersegment sales) decreased from
$618 million for the year ended December
31, 2014 to $566 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, which represented an 8.4%
decrease year-over-year. The decrease in sales
was primarily the result of lower steel shipments
and a lower average steel selling price for the
segment. Steel shipments for this segment
slightly decreased at 34 thousand tonnes for the
year ended December 31, 2015 compared to 35
thousand tonnes for the year ended December
31, 2014, which represented a decrease of 2.9%.
The average steel selling price for the Alloys &
Specialties segment decreased from $16,728 per
tonne in 2014 to $15,874 per tonne in 2015, which
represented a decrease of 5.1%.

Sales to external customers in the Alloys
& Specialties segment were $561 million,
representing 11.9% of total sales for the year
ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of 8.8%
as compared to sales to external customers of
$616 million for the year ended December 31,
2014, or 11.2% of total sales.

There were no sales to external customers
reported within our Other & Elimination segment
for the year ended December 31, 2015 whereas
they were equal to $3 million or 0.1% of total sales
for the year ended December 31, 2014.



--- Page 16 ---

Operating Income

The following table provides our operating income and operating margin for the year ended December
31, 2015, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014:

Operating Income/(Loss)
Year Ended December 31

Operating Margin
Year Ended December 31

Operating Segment 2015 2014 2015 2014
(inmilion of U.S. dollars) (%)

Stainless & Electrical Stee! 291 209 77 48

Services & Solutions 23 64 14 27

Alloys & Specialties 38 51 67 83

Total’! 327 296 69 54

The Group's operating income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $327 million, compared to
an operating income of $296 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Despite headwinds coming
from a challenging economic environment, the Group improved its operating income in the year primarily
due to the continuous contribution of the Leadership Journey® and the Top Line strategy.

Stainless & Electrical Steel

The operating income for the Stainless &
Electrical Steel segment was $291 million for
the year ended December 31, 2015 (of which an
operating income of $118 million was attributable
to our operations in South America, including $3
million gains on sale of electricity surplus, and
$173 million was attributable to our operations in
Europe), compared to operating income of $209
million for the year ended December 31, 2014 (of
which an operating income of $109 million was
attributable to our operations in South America,
including $57 million gains on sale of electricity
surplus, and $100 million was attributable to
our operations in Europe). The increase of the
operating result in 2015 compared to 2014 in the
Stainless & Electrical Steel segment was due to
the strong performance of both regions in 2015
with the continuous contribution of the Leadership
Journey® and the Top Line strategy as well as
the improving real demand in Europe, in spite of
the negative effects of a challenging environment,
especially in South America, and the decline in
nickel price.

Services & Solutions

The operating income for the Services &
Solutions segment was $23 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015 compared to an
operating income of $64 million in the year ended
December 31, 2014. The operating result in 2015
decreased compared to 2014 in the Services &
Solutions segment mainly as a consequence of
the negative stock effect resulting from the steep
decline in nickel price over the year.

Alloys & Specialties

The operating income for the Alloys & Specialties
segment decreased at $38 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015 compared to $51
million for the year ended December 31, 2014.
The operating result in 2015 decreased compared
to 2014 in the Alloys & Specialties segment mainly
as a consequence of foreign exchange translation
effects.

Income from Other
Investments and
Associates

Aperam recorded a loss of $15 million from
other investments and associates for the year
ended December 31, 2015 mainly on account
of an impairment loss of $13 million booked on
the minority stake the Group holds in Gerdau, a
Brazilian steelmaker, and $2 million booked on
the minority stake we hold in General Moly, a US
molybdenum mining company, partly offset by
dividends of $1 million received from Gerdau.

Interest Income

Interest income was $4million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, compared to $5 million
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2014,
mainly due to interest income on short-term
investments in Brazil.

Interest Expense and
Other Net Financing Costs

Interest expense and other net financing costs
include interest expense, net foreign exchange
and derivative results and other financing costs.
Interest expense and other net financing costs
decreased to $88 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, compared to $124 million for
the year ended December 31, 2014.

Interest expense and other financing costs
excluding foreign exchange loss for the year
ended December 31, 2015 were $81 million,
primarily related to financing costs of $29 million,
compared to interest expense and other financing
costs of $121 million for the year ended December
31, 2014, primarily related to financing costs of
$73 million. Financing costs relate to interest and
other expenses related to the service of debt
and other financing facilities. The decrease in
financing costs for the year ended December 31,
2015, compared to the year ended December 31,
2014 was primarily due to the full impact in 2015 of
the refinancing of the existing indebtedness with
the issuance of net share settled convertible and/
or exchangeable bonds due 2021 for $300 million
bearing an interest rate of 0.625% in 2014, the
early redemption during 2014 of the $250 million

notes due 2016 bearing an interest rate of 7.375%
and the early redemption during 2015 of the $250
million notes due 2017 bearing an interest rate of
7.75%.

Realised and unrealised foreign exchange
and derivative losses were $7 million for the
year ended December 31, 2015, compared to
realised and unrealised foreign exchange and
derivative losses of $3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014. Foreign exchange results
primarily relate to the accounting revaluation of
U.S. dollar denominated short term investments
by subsidiaries and the revaluation of Euro
denominated deferred tax assets on tax losses
in the parent company. Results on derivatives
primarily relate to financial instruments we entered
into to hedge our exposure to nickel prices which
do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
under IAS 39.

Income Tax

We recorded an income tax expense of $55 million
for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared
to an income tax expense of $28 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014. Our income tax
expense in 2015 was primarily due to positive
operational results in several countries. The
increase by $27 million in income tax expense for
the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to
income tax expense for the year ended December
31, 2014 is primarily due to the increase in the
result before tax from a profit before tax of $123
million for the year ended December 31, 2014 toa
profit before tax of $228 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015.

Non-controlling Interests

Net income attributable to non-controlling
interests was a profit of $1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015, compared to nil for
the year ended December 31, 2014.


--- Page 17 ---

Net Income

Our net result was a profit of $172 million for the
year ended December 31, 2015, compared to a
profit of $95 million for the year ended December
31, 2014.

Trend Information

All of the statements in this "Trend Information"
section are subject to and qualified by the
information set forth under the "Disclaimer -
Forward-Looking Statements". See also "Principal
risks and uncertainties related to Aperam and the
stainless and specialty steel industry".

Outlook

On February 10, 2016, Aperam published its
full year and fourth quarter 2015 results with its
outlook for the first quarter 2016.

EBITDA in the first quarter 2016 is expected to
slightly increase compared to EBITDA in the
fourth quarter 2015.

Net debt is expected to slightly increase in the first
quarter 2016 compared to the fourth quarter 2015.
The full year and fourth quarter 2015 results
press release including the outlook section is
available on www.aperam.com under Investors &
Shareholders, Earnings.

Arc Iris, Waste Reception Center,

Perpignan - France

Aperam S.A. as Parent
Company

Aperam S.A., incorporated under the laws and
domiciled in Luxembourg, is the parent company
of the Aperam Group and is expected to continue
this role during the coming years.

The parent company was incorporated on
September 9, 2010 to hold the assets which
comprise the stainless and specialty steels
businesses of ArcelorMittal. As described in
the parent company's articles of association,
the corporate purpose of the company shall
be the manufacture, processing and marketing
of stainless steel, stainless steel products and
all other metallurgical products, as well as all
products and materials used in their manufacture,
their processing and their marketing, and all
industrial and commercial activities connected
directly or indirectly with those objects, including
mining and research activities and the creation,
acquisition, holding, exploitation and sale of
patents, licenses, know-how and, more generally,
intellectual and industrial property rights. The
parent company has its registered office at 12C,
rue Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with
the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and
Companies under the number B155.908.

The parent company owns a branch office located
in Zug (Switzerland) and controls directly and
indirectly 60 subsidiaries.

The parent company generated a net loss’ of $56
million in 2015.

Liquidity

Liquidity and Capital
Resources

The Group's principal sources of liquidity are
cash generated from its operations and its credit
facilities at the corporate level.

Because Aperam S.A. is a holding company, it is
dependent upon the earnings and cash flows of,
and dividends and distributions from, its operating
subsidiaries to pay expenses and meet its debt
service obligations.

In management's opinion, the Group's operations
and credit facilities are sufficient to meet the
Group's present requirements.

Our cash and cash equivalents amounted to $148
million and $197 million as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively.

Our total debt, which includes long-term debt and
short-term debt, was $464 million and $733 million
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Net debt (defined as long-term debt plus short-term
debt less cash and cash equivalents (including
short term investments) was $316 million as of
December 31, 2015, compared to $536 million at
December 31, 2014. Gearing (defined as net debt
divided by total equity) was 14% as of December
31, 2015.

As of December 31, 2015, the Borrowing Base
Facility was undrawn, leaving a committed credit
line of $400 million under the facility subject to
eligible collateral being available. In addition, as
of December 31, 2015, Aperam had $23 million of
debt outstanding at the subsidiary level, of which
the Group had granted security over $21 million
of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2015, the
Group had total liquidity of $548 million, consisting
of cash and cash equivalents (including short term
investments) of $148 million and committed credit
lines of $400 million.

These facilities, which include debt held at the
subsidiary level, together with other forms of
financing, including the notes, represent an
aggregate amount of approximately $0.86 billion,
with borrowing capacity of approximately $400
million. In management's opinion, such financing
will be sufficient for our future requirements.

Financing
Borrowing Base Facility

On March 6, 2015, Aperam signed a $500 million
secured borrowing base revolving credit facility
("The Facility") with a group of nine banks. The
Facility, which refinanced the existing Borrowing
Base Facility of $400 million, is structured as a
three-year revolving credit facility and includes
a one-year extension option. It will be used
for liquidity and working capital purposes. On
December 1, 2015, Aperam cancelled a $100
million of commitments leading to a remaining
$400 million secured borrowing base revolving
credit facility.

Notes


--- Page 18 ---

The Borrowing Base Facility charges interest
at a rate of LIBOR (or EURIBOR, in the case of
an advance denominated in euro) plus a margin
(depending on the Group's most recent corporate
rating by Standard & Poor's or Moody's or both) for
the relevant interest period, which may be below
one, one, two, three or six months or any other
period agreed between the parties. The facility
also charges a utilisation fee on the drawn portion
of the total facility amount and a commitment fee
on the undrawn and uncancelled portion of the
total facility amount, payable quarterly in arrears.

The Group's obligations under the Borrowing
Base Facility are guaranteed by Aperam Stainless
Belgium N.V., Aperam Stainless France S.A.S.,
Aperam Stainless Services & Solutions Precision
S.AS., Aperam Stainless Services & Solutions
Tubes Europe S.A.S., Aperam Stainless Services
& Solutions France S.A.S., Aperam South
America Ltda., Aperam Stainless Services &
Solutions Brasil Ltda., Aperam Stainless Services
& Solutions Tubes Brasil Ltda., Aperam Stainless
Services & Solutions Germany GmbH and
Aperam Treasury S.C.A.

The Borrowing Base Facility is secured by first-
ranking, second-ranking, third ranking and
fourth-ranking security interests over certain
eligible receivables and inventory of certain of
the guarantors, as well as over substantially all
of the assets (other than fixed assets) of Aperam
Stainless Belgium N.V. and certain bank accounts
and insurance policies. The aggregate amount of
advances drawn under the borrowing base facility
may not exceed a borrowing base value equal to
70% to 100% of the book value of certain eligible
receivables and inventory, which is reported to the
facility agent on a monthly basis.

In addition to restrictive covenants limiting
encumbrances on assets of Aperam and its
subsidiaries, the ability of subsidiaries to incur
debt and the ability of Aperam and its subsidiaries
to dispose of assets in certain circumstances,
the borrowing base facility contains financial
covenants, including:

> a minimum ratio of consolidated current assets
to consolidated current liabilities of 1.1:1;

> a minimum consolidated tangible net worth of
$2.2 billion; and

> a maximum consolidated total debt of 70% of
consolidated tangible net worth.

On December 31, 2015, these financial covenants
were fully met.

Notes

On March 28, 2011, Aperam issued two series of
U.S. dollar denominated notes, consisting of $250
million aggregate principal amount of its 7.375%
notes due 2016 and $250 million aggregate
principal amount of its 7.75% notes due 2018,
in a private placement in the international capital
markets.

The notes were senior unsecured obligations,
ranking equally in right of payment with all
other existing and future senior unsecured
indebtedness and senior in right of payment to all
existing and future subordinated indebtedness.
The notes were effectively subordinated to all the
Company's secured obligations, including any
indebtedness under its senior credit facility, to the
extent of the value of the collateral. In addition, the
notes were effectively subordinated to all current
and future indebtedness and other obligations of
the Group's subsidiaries, including trade payables
and amounts drawn under the credit facilities of
the Group's Brazilian subsidiary, Aperam South
America Ltda.

The notes contained optional redemption options
and certain covenants and events of default that,
among other things, limited the ability of the Group
and certain subsidiaries to incur or guarantee
additional indebtedness, issue preferred shares,
pay dividends or make other distributions.

On October 1, 2014, Aperam called and early
redeemed $250 million aggregate principal
amount of its 7.375% notes due 2016.

On April 1st 2015 Aperam called and early
redeemed $250 million aggregate principal
amount of its 7.75% notes due 2017.

Convertible bonds

Convertible and/or exchangeable bonds due
2020

On September 19, 2013, Aperam announced the
successful placing and pricing of its offering of
convertible and/or exchangeable bonds for $200
million (the "bonds" hereafter"). The bonds are
convertible into new or existing ordinary shares
of the Company. The Significant Shareholder
(defined page 73), subscribed for $81.8 milion of
bonds, equal to its 40.8% stake in the Company's
share capital.

The bonds are senior and unsecured, and ranking
equally in right of payment with all other existing
and future senior unsecured indebtedness and
senior in right of payment to all existing and
future subordinated indebtedness. They have an
annual coupon of 2.625% payable semi-annually
in arrear and an initial conversion price of $21.96.
The bonds were issued and will be redeemed at
100% of their principal amount and will, unless
previously redeemed, converted, purchased and
cancelled under certain conditions, mature on
September 30, 2020. The Company will have
the option to redeem the bonds at their principal
amount plus accrued interest on or after October
15, 2017, if the parity value (translated into U.S.
dollars at the prevailing exchange rate), shall have
exceeded 130% of the bonds’ principal amount.
Bondholders will be entitled to have their bonds
redeemed at their principal amount plus accrued
interest on September 30, 2017. Unless previously
redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, each
bond will be convertible and / or exchangeable
into shares at the option of the bondholder during
the conversion period. The delivery of new and
I or existing shares is at Aperam's absolute
discretion, subject to the limits and conditions set
out below. Should the number of new shares to be
issued be in excess of the number of new shares
which Aperam is authorised to issue, Aperam will
deliver existing shares. As at the closing date on
September 30, 2013, Aperam had the authority to
issue up to 7,804,573 new shares, representing
10% of the issued capital. On the basis of the
current conversion ratio convertible, the issuance
of up to 9,107,468 new shares would be required
to deliver the necessary new shares upon
conversion of the bonds.

Net share settled convertible and/or
exchangeable bonds due 2021

On June 27, 2014, Aperam announced the
successful placing and pricing of its offering of net
share settled convertible and/or exchangeable
bonds due 2021 (the "bonds" hereafter). Following
the success of the Offering, the Company decided
to exercise in full the extension clause in order to
increase the initial Offering size to $300 million.
The net proceeds of the Offering are being used
for general corporate purposes and the refinancing
of existing indebtedness (including senior notes
maturing in 2016 as described above under "—
Notes").

The issue of the bonds reflects the proactive
approach of the Group to optimising its debt
profile and interest costs.

The Bonds are senior and unsecured, and ranking
equally in right of payment with all other existing
and future senior unsecured indebtedness and
senior in right of payment to all existing and future
subordinated indebtedness.

The bonds have an annual coupon of 0.625%
payable semi-annually in arrear and an initial
conversion price of $43.92 representing a
conversion premium of 32.5% above the
reference price of $33.15 (based on the volume-
weighted average price of the Company's shares
on Euronext Amsterdam between launch and
pricing of €24.3453, and an exchange rate of €:$
1.3616). The bonds will be issued and redeemed
at 100% of their principal amount and will mature
on July 8, 2021 (7 years), unless previously
redeemed, converted, exchanged or purchased
and cancelled.

The Group has the option to redeem the Bonds
at their principal amount plus accrued interest on
or after July 23, 2018 (4 years plus 15 days), if
the parity value (translated into U.S. dollars at the
prevailing exchange rate), shall have exceeded
130% of the Bonds’ principal amount.

Bondholders will be entitled to have their Bonds
redeemed at their principal amount plus accrued
interest on January 8, 2019 (4.5 years).

In case of exercise of their conversion right,
bondholders shall receive, unless the Company
elects otherwise, an amount in cash corresponding
to the outstanding principal amount and, as the
case may be, a number of new and/or existing
Aperam shares corresponding to the value in
excess thereof. The Company also has the option
to elect to deliver new and/or existing shares only.

If the Company is unable to satisfy the conversion
right in whole or in part through the issue or
delivery of Shares, the Company will pay an
equivalent cash amount.

The Bonds were issued and settled on July 8, 2014.
Application was made to have the Bonds admitted
to trading on the Open Market ("Freiverkehr”) of
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.


--- Page 19 ---

True Sales of Receivables Program

Following the spin-off, the Group obtained liquidity
from the sale of receivables through a true sale
of receivables ("TSR") program. As of the end
of June 2012 the program was subsequently
split into two programs under similar terms and
conditions to the existing program. The maximum
combined amount of the programs that could be
utilised as of the end of December 2015 was EUR
280 million. Through the TSR program, the Group
and certain of its operating subsidiaries surrender
the control, risks and benefits associated with the
accounts receivable sold, allowing it to record the
amount of receivables sold as a sale of financial
assets and remove the accounts receivable from
its statement of financial position at the time of
the sale.

Credit ratings

The amount of receivables we sold under the True
Sale of Receivables program and derecognised
in accordance with IAS 39 for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 was respectively
$1.6 billion and $1.8 billion. Expenses incurred
under the TSR program (reflecting the discount
granted to the acquirers of the accounts
receivable) are recognised in the statement of
operations as financing costs and amounted
to $9 million and $14 million in the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See
Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for further information.

The following tables provide an overview of the Group's credit ratings evolution since our creation:

Moody's

Date Revision Rating Outlook —_ Rationale

January 2011 Initiate Ba2 stable

November 2011 Downgrade Ba3 negative weaker than expected performance

November 2012 Downgrade Bi negative weaker than expected performance

May 2014 Outlook revision B1 positive strong performance and potential for
market recovery

November 2014 Upgrade Ba3 positive strong operational performance and
continued improvement in EBITDA &
EBIT margins

April 2015 Upgrade Ba2 positive strong operating performance and
anticipation of further improvements

February 2016 Upgrade Bat stable strong operational performance of

Aperam over the last two years

Standard &

Poor's

Date Revision Rating Outlook —_ Rationale

‘April 2011 Initiate BB stable

October 2011 Outlook revision BB negative risk of weaker financials in 2012

June 2012 Downgrade BB- negative expected weak 2012 performance

November 2012 Downgrade B+ negative lower profits

July 2014 Outlook revision B+ positive

November 2014 Upgrade BB- stable strong cash flow and improved leverage
profile

April 2015 Upgrade BB stable improved performance and stronger
metrics

December 2015 Upgrade BB+ stable strong performance and tightened

financial policy

Refuge du Goliter, Saint Gervais, France



--- Page 20 ---

Earnings distribution

On May 5, 2015 the shareholders approved at the annual general meeting of shareholders to continue paying
no dividend in 2015 in order to further reduce the Group's cost of debt.

On November 5, 2015, Aperam declared its financial policy to maximise the long term growth and sustainability
of the Group as well as value accretion for its shareholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Subject
to shareholder approval at the 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders, Aperam will reinstate a base
dividend of $1.25 per share, and anticipates to progressively increase this dividend over time as the company
continues to improve its sustainable profitability benefiting from its strategic actions. The Group targets a Net
Financial Debl/EBITDA ratio of <1.0x (through the cycle). In the (unlikely) event that Net Financial DebV/EBITDA
exceeds 1.0x, the Group will suspend the cash dividend.

The dividend will be paid in four equal quarterly instalments of $0.3125 (gross) per share, subject to shareholder
approval at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in 2016.

The dividend payments would occur on a quarterly basis on 30 March 2016, 14 June 2016, 12 September 2016
and 12 December 2016, taking into account that the first quarterly dividend payment to be paid on March 30,
2016 shall be an interim dividend.

Dividends are announced in U.S. dollars. They are paid in U.S. dollars for shares traded in the United States on
the over-the-counter market in the form of New York registry shares and paid in Euros for shares listed on the
European Stock Exchanges (Netherlands, France, Luxembourg). Dividends to be paid in Euros are converted
from U.S. dollars to Euros based on the European Central Bank exchange rate at the date mentioned in the
table below.

ALuxembourg withholding tax of 15% is applied on the gross dividend amounts.

Table: Detailed dividend schedule 2016

1st Quarterly 2nd Quarterly 3rd Quarterly 4th Quarterly
Payment Payment Payment Payment
(interim)
Announcement 07 March 2016 17May 2016 —_‘16 August 2016 15 November 2016
date
Ex-Dividend 10 March 2016  20May2016 19 August 2016 18 November 2016
Record Date 11 March 2016 23May 2016-22 August 2016 21 November 2016
Payment Date 30 March 2016 14 June 2016 ~~ 12 September 201612 December 2016
FXExchange rate 09March 2016 19May2016 18 August 2016 17 November 2016

Sources and Uses of Cash

The following table presents a summary of our cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2015, as

compared to the year ended December 31, 2014:

Year Ended December 31,

2015 2014
(iamilion of US. dollars)

Net cash provided by operating activities 392 240

Net cash used in investing activities (126) (98)

Net cash used in financing activities (296) (213)

Net Cash Provided by Operating
Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities increased
to $392 million for the year ended December 31,
2015, compared to $240 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014. The increase of net cash
provided by operating activities in 2015 by $152
million compared to previous year was mainly
due to the increase of working capital by only $3
million in 2015 compared to $211 million in 2014.

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities amounted to
$126 million forthe year ended December 31,2015,
compared to net cash used in investing activities
of $95 million for the year ended December 31,
2014. The net cash used in investing activities in
2015 was mainly related to capital expenditure.
Capital expenditures were $132 million for the
year ended December 31, 2015, compared to
$103 million for the year ended December 31,
2014.

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities was $296
million for the year ended December 31, 2015,
compared to net cash used in financing activities
of $213 million for the year ended December 31,
2014. The increase of net cash used in financing
activities was primarily due to net payments to
banks of $279 million, of which $250 million early
redemption of the notes due 2017 and $14 million
of purchase of treasury stock.

Equity

Equity attributable to the equity holders of the
parent decreased to $2,217 million at December
31, 2015, as compared to $2,672 million at
December 31, 2014, primarily due to foreign
currency translation differences of $601million,
partly offset by net income for the year of $172
million.

Castelao stadium, Fortaleza Brazil



--- Page 21 ---

Capital Expenditure’

Capital expenditures for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $132
million and $103 million, respectively. Capital
expenditures for 2015 related primarily to the
maintenance investments in our facilities in Brazil,
France and Belgium.

In 2015, the Group also announced key
investments as part of the Leadership Journey®
and Top Line strategy. These investments are
described in greater detail below:

> On May 5, 2015, Aperam announces tranche
2 of its assets base upgrade with an additional
$30 million CAPEX program to be implemented
by 2016.

> On July 29, 2015, the Group announced tranche
3 of its assets base upgrade with an additional
$30 million CAPEX on improving efficiency and
competitiveness in Gueugnon (lines CR6, BA8)
and in Imphy (compact box annealing furnaces of
the Wire Rod mill).

Overall in 2016 the Group will remain cautious on
capital expenditures whilst allowing adjustments
based upon market conditions.

Summary

of principal
risks and
uncertainties

The following major factors could
cause actual results to differ
materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements included
throughout this Annual Report:

> Global economic cycle downturn, geopolitical
risks, overcapacity in the stainless steel industry
and/or China slowdown;

> Risks of nickel price decrease, raw material
price uncertainty, material margin squeeze and
over dependency of main suppliers;

> Fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

> Litigation risks (product liability, patent
infringement, commercial practices, employment,
employment benefits, taxes, environmental
issues, health & safety and occupational disease
(including asbestos exposure/classification);

> Risks of lack of competitiveness of the workforce
costs, of retention and social conflicts;

> Customer risks with respect to default and credit
insurance companies refusing to ensure the risks;

> Cyber security risks.

These factors are discussed in more details in the
section “Principal risks and uncertainties related
to Aperam and the stainless and specialty steel
industry” of this Annual Report.

Notes:

Corporate
Governance

This section provides a summary of
the corporate governance practices of
Aperam.

The 10 Principles of Corporate
Governance of the Luxembourg
Stock Exchange constitute Aperam's
domestic corporate governance code.

We comply with the 10 Principles
of Corporate Governance of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

Board of Directors,
Leadership Team

Aperam is administered by a Board of Directors
and a Leadership Team.

Board of Directors

The Board of Directors is in charge of the overall
governance and direction of the Company. It
is responsible for the performance of all acts of
administration necessary or useful to implement
the corporate purpose of the Company as
described in the Articles of Association, except for
matters expressly reserved by Luxembourg law or
the Articles of Association to the general meeting
of shareholders.

The Articles of Association provide that the Board
of Directors must be composed of a minimum
of three members. None of the members of the
Board of Directors may hold an executive position
or executive mandate within the Company or any
entity controlled by the Company. The Articles of
Association provide that directors are elected and
removed by the general meeting of shareholders
by a simple majority of votes cast. reappointment
at the end of such period.

Any director may be removed with or without
cause by a simple majority vote at any general
meeting of shareholders. In the event that a
vacancy arises on the Board of Directors for any
reason, the remaining members of the Board of
Directors may, by a simple majority, elect a new
director to fulfil temporarily the duties attaching to
the vacant post until the next general meeting of
shareholders.

As of the date of this Annual Report, the Board
of Directors is composed of seven members. Mr.
Lakshmi N. Mittal was elected Chairman of the
Board of Directors in December 2010. Mr. Romain
Bausch was elected Lead Independent Director
in February 2011. The Board is assisted by a
Company Secretary who also acts as Secretary
of all the Board Committees. The Company
Secretary fulfils those tasks and functions that
are assigned to him by the Board of Directors. In
particular, the Company Secretary ensures that
all Directors are timely and properly informed
and receive appropriate documentation for the
performance of their tasks.

The 10 Principles of Governance of the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which constitute
Aperam's domestic corporate governance code,
require Aperam to define the independence
criteria that apply to its directors.

The Board of Directors has a majority of
independent directors, with four members of the
Board of Directors being independent and the
remaining three members being non-independent.
Amember of the Board of Directors is considered
as "independent, if (i) he or she is independent
within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing Rules,
as amended from time to time, or any successor
manual or provisions, subject to the exemptions
available for foreign private issuers, if (ii) he or
she is unaffiliated with any shareholder owning
or controlling more than two percent (2%) of the
total issued share capital of the Company and
(iii) the Board of Directors makes an affirmative
determination to this effect. For the purposes
of this article, a person is deemed affiliated to a
shareholder if he or she is an executive officer, ora
director who is also employed by the shareholder,
a general partner, a managing member, or a
controlling shareholder of such shareholder.
