

--- Page 1 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

History of the Air Liquide Group

© HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUIDE GROUP

1902

ORIGIN

1913

LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

Air Liquide was born of innovation and an encounter between two
men: Georges Claude, inventor of an industrial process for the
production of oxygen from liquid air, and Paul Delorme, a visionary
entrepreneur.

1906

FIRST INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS

Gas by its very nature is difficult to transport and thus local
production is required. This factor was one of the reasons
Air Liquide set its sights internationally early on, building numerous
production units abroad. Development was rapid in Europe (1906),
Japan (1907), Canada (1911) and the United States (1916). See
“A Century of International Development”.

The critical role played by shareholders became evident in the
first years of the Company's development. Listed on the Paris
Stock Exchange in 1913, the share celebrated its hundred-year
of the listing in 2013. Air Liquide has endeavored to forge a strong
and privileged relationship with its shareholders based on an
exceptional stock market performance, with an average annual
increase in its share price over the 100 years to 2013 of +11.9%.

1946

NEW ADVENTURES, DIVING

New adventures shared with Captain Cousteau led to the creation
of Spirotechnique (today known as Aqua Lung™), which designs,
manufactures and sells diving regulators and other equipment
used for professional and leisure diving.

A CENTURY OF INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Air Liquide’s development was rapid during the early part of the XXth century, with significant business growth between the two world
wars. From 1945 to 1970, in an economy that was being rebuilt, the Group consolidated its positions and established itself in South
America and South Africa (1946), then in Australia and North Africa (1956).

In the 1970s-80s, international growth was renewed with a major acquisition: Big Three in the United States in 1986. At the end of the
1980s, taking advantage of its long-time presence in Japan, Air Liquide set its sights on other Asian countries and played its part in the
development of the Electronics market. The Group invested massively in China in the early 2000s; the country is a major growth market
for industrial gases and Air Liquide entered into numerous air gas contracts.

In the 1990s, the Group began to develop in Central Europe. During a second phase, in the 2000s, it made inroads further east in
Russia, Ukraine and Turkey, winning Large Industries contracts. The Middle East also became a new investment priority.

In the 2000s, there was a second major acquisition: certain businesses of Messer Griesheim in Germany, the United Kingdom and the
United States. In 2007, the Group purchased minority interests in its joint ventures in Japan and Southeast Asia.

Today, Air Liquide continues to pursue its strategy of expanding its global presence, convinced that the geographical diversity will
guarantee resilience and future growth. As a result, the Group is continuously strengthening its historical positions in the major
economies worldwide and relentlessly seeking footholds in new markets.

Air Liquide is now present in 80 countries, its global dimension being a fundamental component of its identity.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 2 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

1952

THE CRYOGENIC REVOLUTION

History of the Air Liquide Group

1970

A TRADITION OF INVENTIONS

Storing gas in liquid form in cryogenic tanks allows vast quantities
to be transported by road or rail within a radius of approximately
200-250 km from the production site. In 1954, the first liquid
oxygen plant was launched in the North of France.

1960

PIPELINE NETWORK STRATEGY

By delivering gas to several customers through pipelines,
Air Liquide adopted a network strategy for the first time, linking
its gas production units through a pipeline network. The Group
multiplied production capacity to meet soaring demand from large
industries: firstly, for oxygen in the steel industry, and secondly, for
nitrogen in chemicals.

The Large Industries business was launched with customers
committing to long-term contracts of 15 years or more. The
Group currently manages more than 9,200 km (= 5,700 miles) of
pipelines worldwide, in particular in the US along the Gulf Coast
of Mexico, in Northern Europe, in the Ruhr valley in Germany and
in several Asian countries.

1962

SPACE INDUSTRY

Convinced of the industrial potential of cryogenics, Jean Delorme,
Chairman & CEO, decided to create a research center near
Grenoble dedicated to these technologies. The first applications
were rapidly integrated in the space industry. Air Liquide has
been a partner of the space adventure and the Ariane program
for 50 years. The Group's contribution has been as much in the
production of the fluids essential for launch (oxygen, hydrogen,
helium and nitrogen) and the supply of associated services, as in
the design and production of the tanks and cryogenic equipment
of the launchers.

The Claude-Delorme Research Center, located in the Paris-Saclay
innovation cluster and now called the Paris-Saclay Research
Center, was created to enhance gas production techniques and
their applications (combustion, welding, metalworking, chemicals,
electronics, food, respiratory functions, and environmental
treatment). It is evidence of the Group’s desire to inherently
understand the industrial processes of its customers and develop
new gas applications to better satisfy their requirements (in terms
of quality, productivity and the environment). The Center also
develops partnerships with universities and industrial companies.
The Group currently has 9 research centers around the world.

1976

A TECHNOLOGICAL BREAKTHROUGH

With the Sasol project in South Africa, transforming coal into
synthetic fuel, air separation units (ASUs) have scaled up,
dramatically increasing in size. Following this technological
breakthrough, Air Liquide became the leader in large ASUs, and
remains so today.

1985

A NEW MARKET, ELECTRONICS

In Japan, the Group began to supply ultra-high purity gases to
the semiconductor industry: this involves carrier gases, mainly
nitrogen, used to transport the specialty gases and inert the
chip production tools, and specialty gases that are used directly
in the manufacturing of semiconductors. In 1987, Air Liquide
inaugurated the Tsukuba Research Center in Japan, which is
dedicated to the Electronics industry.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

1


--- Page 3 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

History of the Air Liquide Group

1995

EXTENDED OFFERING: HYDROGEN AND STEAM

In addition to oxygen and nitrogen, as part of its commitment
to protecting the environment and promoting energy efficiency,
Air Liquide extended its offering to hydrogen and steam. To
ensure the success of this new offering, the Group has used the
business model, which is behind the success of its air gas activity,
deploying from the beginning a basin strategy based on a pipeline
network, providing customers with flexibility, distribution reliability
and service quality at the best price.

PROTECTING LIFE

Originally an oxygen supplier to hospitals, Air Liquide has become
aspecialist in the Healthcare sector. The Group launched its Home
Healthcare activity and set up a dedicated network of specialist
teams. Medical gases were progressively classified as drugs
and manufacturers were required to file market authorizations.
The Group also developed in the Hygiene sector, an activity that
naturally complemented the hospital services. Most recently,
Air Liquide launched significant research programs in therapeutic
gases, used for anesthesia, resuscitation, and pain relief.

2007

ORGANIZATION BY BUSINESS LINE

The Air Liquide growth drivers for the coming decades are
solid and sustainable, based on changing lifestyles: industrial
growth of developing economies, increasing energy needs and
environmental challenges, healthcare and high technology. To
capture this growth, the Group created a new organizational
structure based on four World Business Lines. They combine the
technical, financial and operational expertise which are specific to
each of the businesses of the Group — Large Industries, Industrial
Merchant, Healthcare and Electronics — and centralize the specific
market expertise. The Group remains geographically focused, but
each zone or country benefits from the support and experience of
the business lines to accelerate its development.

Conscious of the strategic dimension of engineering and
construction capabilities, the Group acquired Lurgi in 2007. This
company provides Air Liquide with major proprietary technologies
such as hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units, or
processes relating to the gasification or CO, purification, adding
to the Group's historical competencies in cryogenics. Thanks to
this acquisition, the Group now has a complete technological
offering and a greater engineering capacity.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

2008

LAUNCH OF THE ALMA PROGRAM
TO STEP UP GROWTH

The Group launches the ALMA corporate program. Driven by the
ambition to be the recognized leader of its industry, the Group
announces its mid-term objectives for an average annual revenue
growth of +8% to +10%, 600 million euros in efficiencies over
three years and a return on capital employed of between 11%
and 12%.

2009

RESILIENCE IN AN UNPRECEDENTED CRISIS

Affected by a crisis of unprecedented magnitude, the Group
focused its efforts on the management of its cash, costs, and
investments (capital expenditures). Having tested the solidity of
its long-term contracts, Air Liquide confirmed its resilience and
demonstrated the relevance of its business model. In a context
of global recession, the Group shows itself to be an exception,
posting a stable net profit while preserving the strength of its
balance sheet.

2010-2012

UPDATED OBJECTIVES — NEW TERRITORIES,
NEW ACQUISITIONS

Slowly emerging from a crisis that reshuffled global growth,
Air Liquide announced at year end 2010 new objectives for its
ALMA program in terms of performance and responsibility. These
objectives were revised at year end 2013 to factor in a slower-
than-expected recovery in growth, in particular in Western Europe
and Japan.

The Group accelerated its presence in new territories, including
Turkey, Ukraine and Mexico, and strengthened its presence in
China. These developments contributed to the increase, in eight
years, of the developing economies' share of Gas & Services
revenue from 15% to 28% in 2015.

In a weaker growth environment in the advanced economies,
and particularly in Western Europe, Air Liquide intensified its
acquisitions. At the end of 2012, two major home healthcare
players joined the Group: LVL Médical in France and Gasmedi in
Spain. Other acquisitions were completed in 2013 to strengthen
the Group's positions in Healthcare in Poland, Scandinavia and
Canada and in Industrial Merchant in Brazil, Russia, the Middle
East and China.


--- Page 4 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

2013-2015

NEW INITIATIVES IN THE INNOVATION FIELD -
HYDROGEN MOBILITY

Innovation is central to Air Liquide’s strategy. In 2013 Air Liquide
launched two initiatives to promote open innovation: i-Lab,
innovation Lab, and ALIAD, the Group's capital investment
subsidiary to make minority investments in innovative technology
start-ups. In 2014, the Group decides on new investments with
the modernization of the Paris-Saclay Research Center, the
creation of a center for the development of gas cylinders for
industry and healthcare, and the launch of a technical center
of excellence for cryogenic production technologies. In 2015,
Air Liquide inaugurated Cryocap™ in France, a unique industrial
installation that enables the capture of CO, released during
hydrogen production via a cryogenic process. After being purified,
the captured CO, can be used to meet a variety of industrial
needs for carbonic gas supply.

In addition, on a worldwide scale, Air Liquide actively contributes
to the development of the hydrogen energy activity by
accompanying automotive manufacturers launching fuel cell
electric vehicles on the market. Air Liquide has stepped up the
construction of hydrogen charging stations (United States, Japan,
France, Germany, Belgium, Denmark and the Netherlands), the
majority of which are accessible to the general public.

On November 17, 2015, the Group announced the signing of
a merger agreement under which Air Liquide will acquire the
American company Airgas. See below.

History of the Air Liquide Group

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

13


--- Page 5 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

History of the Air Liquide Group

PROPOSED ACQUISITION OF AIRGAS

Combining Air Liquide and Airgas will bring together two highly complementary businesses to deliver greater value, service and
innovation to customers in North America and around the world. In the United States, Airgas’ leadership in the packaged gases
business and associated products and services and Air Liquide’s strong footprint in complementary activities will increase the scope
and competitiveness of the combined companies’ product offering.

This acquisition gives Air Liquide a greater presence in the U.S. market, the largest for industrial gases worldwide, and will ideally
position Air Liquide for future growth. In addition, there is potential for further growth using Airgas’ footprint to accelerate the rollout of
Air Liquide’s technologies.

This game-changing combination will strengthen Air Liquide’s global leadership and will ideally position the Group for future growth with
a stronger presence in the U.S., the largest industrial gases market in the world.

Airgas shareholders will receive 143 U.S. dollars per share in cash for all outstanding shares of Airgas, representing a total enterprise
value of 13.4 billion U.S. dollars on a fully diluted basis and including the assumption of Airgas debt.

Airgas shareholders, during a special shareholder meeting held on 23 February 2016, approved the acquisition of Airgas by Air Liquide
(simple majority of the outstanding shares of Airgas was required). The transaction is subject to receipt of necessary antitrust and other
regulatory approvals and other customary conditions and provisions. The two parties wish to proceed swiftly.

The combination builds on Air Liquide’s longstanding track record of successfully operating in the U.S. and will benefit from Airgas’
unmatched national presence and its more than 1 million customers in the U.S., as well as from its leading customer-facing platform
including e-commerce and telesales capabilities. The combined entity will be able to better serve customers with the most advanced
multi-distribution networks in the U.S. and more competitive product offerings thanks to an integrated upstream-downstream model.

The acquisition will reinforce Air Liquide’s global leadership position, increasing Gas & Services sales by around +30%. Upon completion
of the acquisition, the combined company will be the leader in North America, complementing number one positions in Europe, Africa/
Middle East and Asia-Pacific. It will also be number one in Industrial Merchant and Large Industries, and co-number one in Electronics,
worldwide.

The combined company will continue to implement an innovation strategy that combines scientific expertise, industry-leading technology
and customer insight to bring new products and services to market. It will also improve existing offerings and open new markets, in
particular by leveraging digital technologies. In addition, this combination will create new opportunities for employees as part of a
leading global organization that is ideally positioned for growth.

Air Liquide plans to realize more than 300 million U.S. dollars of pre-tax cost, efficiency and volume synergies; the majority within two to
three years. The transaction is expected to be accretive from year one. The company’s objective is to maintain its S&P “A-” credit rating.

Air Liquide has committed bridge financing for the transaction and intends to refinance through a capital increase in the range of 3 billion
to 4 billion euros, and a combination of U.S. dollar and euro long-term bonds.

At December 31, 2015, this transaction had no impact on the financial statements, except for acquisition costs.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 6 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

© ACTIVITIES AND RISK FACTORS

Activities

Activities and risk factors

The Group classifies its activities as follows: Gas & Services, Engineering & Construction (as previously defined till 2012, see page 24 for
more details), a new activity from 2015, Global Markets & Technologies (see page 25 for more details), and Other activities.

Additional information is available in the 2015 Performance section of this report.

2015 Group revenue
Other Activities

Gas & Services

3%
Global Markets & Technologies
2%

Engineering & Construction
5%
Electronics
9%

Healthcare
17%

GAS & SERVICES

The supply of gas involves local production in order to limit
transport costs. Therefore, Air Liquide gas production units are
located throughout the world and can supply several types of
customers and industries, with the relevant volumes and services
required. The operational management of the Gas & Services
activity is organized into four geographic regions (Europe,
Americas, Asia-Pacific and Middle-East & Africa) and is led by the
World Business Lines to better adapt to changes in the different
markets:

@ Large Industries supply industrial gases by operating major
production units. It serves customers in the metals, chemicals,
refining and energy industries with high gas consumption,
requiring delivery through a dedicated plant or pipeline. Large
Industries also supply the Group's other business lines.

@ Industrial Merchant supplies a wide range of different gases,
application equipment and associated services. It serves

16,380

euros millions

90%

Large Industries
32%

Industrial Merchant
32%

industries of all sizes that require variable quantities. The
product is either distributed in bulk, in liquid form, for medium
and large quantities, or in cylinders, in gaseous form, for small
quantities.

@ Healthcare supplies medical gases, hygiene products,
medical devices and services to hospitals and patients in their
homes. It also produces and distributes healthcare specialty
ingredients for the cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine
markets.

@ Electronics supply gas and services for the production of
semiconductors, flat panels and photovoltaic panels.

Depending on their end use, gases are distributed in different
states and using various means: in gaseous form through a
pipeline network, in liquid form in cryogenic trailers, and in
gaseous form in high-pressure cylinders for small quantity orders
or specialty gases. The Gas & Services activity represents 90% of
the Group’s total revenue.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

15


--- Page 7 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

LARGE INDUSTRIES

The Large Industries business line proposes gas and energy
solutions to customers in the metals, chemicals, refining and
energy industries, which are essential for their own industrial
production, to improve process efficiency and to make their
plants more environmentally friendly. The world leader in this
sector, Air Liquide benefits from dedicated in-house development
and engineering teams, differentiating proprietary technologies
and rigorous processes for selecting investments and carrying
out projects, which often include pipeline networks, reaching over
several hundreds of kilometers.

LARGE INDUSTRIES PROCESSES

2015 Large Industries revenue by activity

Hydrogen
and Carbon
monoxide
34%

5,201*

million euros,

* 35% of Gas & Services revenue.

Separation of air gases (ASU: Air Separation Unit)

An ASU compresses, liquefies and distills air in order to separate it into its different components: 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and 1%
rare gases (argon, neon, krypton and xenon). Only certain extremely large ASUs can produce rare gases. Electricity consumption is

significant.

AIR GASES PRODUCTION

1 2

COMPRESSION PURIFICATION

Air y
G
WWW Z
Y i
> J Compressed ar ES
WWWwnwwwne Y Sececacacesececaces
Y) T Receeteroecetatoree
wwe Y escereemeeeers
% ESSeeeseced

‘Compressor

Filter

The air comprises: ' Elimination of water and impure
+ 78% nitrogen | molecules (CO>...) to avoid ice
* 21% oxygen | formation during cooling.

© 1% rare gases i
(argon, neon, krypton, xenon) |

Simplified diagram of an air separation unit’s operation

COOLING

Cryogenic cooling

4

DISTILLATION

Very low temperature
Exchanger
A part of the product in the 4" stage |

is reused to cool the air
in the exchanger.

Gaseous

rae 325 arge
Gaseous i
negen_|fndustrias
Gaseous | len
Soon

Liquid

rare gases ,

Sua | Industrial
iquia

nilogen |Merchant

Ligue [Client

‘oxygen

| Distillation columns.

‘The molecules are delivered directly to the Large
Industries clients through the pipelines or into
the storage tanks to supply the Industrial
Merchant bulk distribution or cylinder filling units,

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE



--- Page 8 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Activities and risk factors

Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production unit (SMR: Steam Methane Reformer)

By steam reforming natural gas, an SMR produces hydrogen and carbon monoxide. The most significant raw material is natural gas;

electricity and water consumption is modest.

HYDROGEN PRODUCTION

Simplified diagram of an hydrogen unit’s operation

1 2

ulfur removal

Natural gas, composed mainly of methane
(CHA), contains heavier hydrocarbon
molecules and quantities of sulfur,
requiring removal

produced,

a ynthesis Shift reaction Purification
and pre-reforming Gas Production
Natural gas
SMR Réacteur « Shift »
(Steam Methane Reformer)
T Hydrogen
— Synthesis ——> for Large Industries
ips customers
Catalyst C_catalyst Off-gas sent back
ey AAAAA to the burners.
Steam ————+

Natural gas and steam react inside a
furnace within catalyst filled tubes.
Synthesis gas (syngas), composed mainly
of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, is

HOT SECTION COLD SECTION

The syngas reacts with the steam to

| produce additional hydrogen. As it exits

the reactor, the syngas is mainly

composed of hydrogen and carbon.
dioxide,

Hydrogen is purified and delivered to
customers, Other gas components, called
off-gases, are sent to the furace's
burners (see section 2 - Synthesis Gas
Production)

Cogeneration

Cogeneration consists of simultaneously and efficiently producing electricity and steam generally by consuming natural gas and water.
The electricity is supplied to the local network while the steam is required for certain industrial processes.

This business line provides oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen
and carbon monoxide through a network of plants and pipelines.
At December 31, 2015, there were around the world: 355 large Air
Separation Units (ASUs), 50 Steam Methane Reformers (SMRs)
producing hydrogen and carbon monoxide and 17 cogeneration
plants supplying customers with steam and electricity.

In the metals industry, oxygen is used in steel production to
improve energy performance and reduce emissions. The majority
of new projects are currently located in developing economies.

The chemicals industry uses mainly oxygen, hydrogen and
carbon monoxide in its manufacturing processes, as well as
nitrogen for the inerting of its installations.

The refining industry requires hydrogen to desulfurize fuels
and break up heavy hydrocarbons. The demand for hydrogen
is growing due to the combination of increasingly stringent
emissions legislation and use of heavier hydrocarbons.

Numerous industries linked to energy or chemicals use large
quantities of oxygen to transform coal, natural gas and syngas
hydrocarbons for the production of chemical products, synfuel
or electricity. To meet customer requirements, the supply of
large quantities of gas is indispensable. Air Liquide supplies its
customers directly by pipelines from a dedicated plant or different
plants linked by a network. Air Liquide has built its own pipeline
networks progressively over the last 40 years. With a total length
of more than 9,200 kilometers (~ 5,700 miles), these networks
stretch, for example, across Northern Europe, from Rotterdam
through to Dunkirk, and along the Gulf Coast in the United States
from Lake Charles (Louisiana) to Corpus Christi (Texas). Many
other mid-sized local networks have also been built in other
significant and fast-developing industrial basins in Germany, Italy,
Singapore and, more recently, China.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

17


--- Page 9 ---

18

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

The use of industrial gases is indispensable for these various
industrial processes. As any discontinuity in the supply
necessitates a stoppage of the customer's production operations,
supply reliability is crucial. However, although vital, gas supply
generally represents a very small part of total production cost for
the customer.

The raw materials necessary for the production of industrial gases
vary according to the type of unit and the region. The production
of oxygen and nitrogen requires air and a large quantity of
electricity. Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units
mainly consume natural gas and little electricity. Cogeneration
units consume natural gas and water. The energy and capital
intensity of these industrial processes is generally high.

The supply of gas is generally contracted for 15 years. For certain
specific projects this can be extended to 20 years and beyond.
The signing of new contracts for new industrial customers’ sites
is a gage of future growth. Within these contracts, the Group
guarantees long-term service continuity and a high level of
reliability with respect to the gas supply via a high-performing
industrial solution. In return, the contracts include the indexation
of input costs, mainly electricity and natural gas, and guaranteed
minimum volumes through take-or-pay clauses.

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT

The Industrial Merchant business line serves a wide range of
markets and customers — craftsmen, SMEs, large multinational
industrial groups — offering comprehensive gas solutions for the
implementation and optimization of their industrial processes.
Supported by a global network of business experts and extensive
geographical coverage, Air Liquide provides more than 1 million of
its customers with innovative solutions including industrial gases,
application equipment and related services.

2015 Industrial Merchant revenue by end-market

Technology
and Research
12%

Materials

Craftsmen
and Network
14%

5,229*
million euros:
Food and

Pharmaceuticals
15%

Automotive

and Manufacturing
29%

* 36% of Gas & Services revenue.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

The Large Industries business line operates under
long-term contracts, where costs are indexed, in
particular, to energy costs. These contracts, which
include take-or-pay clauses, offer considerable
visibility of future revenue and protection in the event
of a significant fall in customer volume consumption
(below the minimum take-or-pay level). The long
investment cycle and high capital intensity require a
solid balance sheet. The signing of new contracts is a
gage of future growth.

Air Liquide is developing a network strategy in the
industrial basins in order to provide customers with
greater supply reliability while optimizing operating
costs.

The Industrial Merchant activity serves five primary markets:

= Materials and Energy: Customers in this market use a wide
range of different gases. Oxygen is used to reduce energy
consumption in glass and metal manufacturing processes
and to treat wastewater. Nitrogen is used to create inert
atmospheres for the conservation of oxygen-sensitive
products. Carbon dioxide is used in drinking water treatment,
helium for professional diving and magnetic resonance
imaging. Nitrogen and carbon dioxide can be used for the
enhanced recovery of oil and gas and, in certain cases, the
reduction of water and solvent consumption.

= Automotive and Manufacturing: Argon and argon mixtures
are used for metal parts welding in manufacturing industries,
hydrogen and nitrogen for thermal treatment, specialty gases
for waste gas analysis, helium for airbags, and rare gases
(krypton, xenon) for lighthouses and thermal insulation.
Oxygen and acetylene are used in metal heating and cutting
operations. Air Liquide therefore enables customers to produce
high quality products, while improving their manufacturing
processes and preserving their working environment.


--- Page 10 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

= Food and Pharmaceuticals: The Group’s technologies help
increase shelf-life and improve food and pharmaceutical
manufacturing and cooling processes. The three major
activities in this market are the supply of carbon dioxide for
beverages, gas mixtures for modified atmosphere packaging,
and nitrogen for food or for freezing of food. Air Liquide ensures
these products comply with prevailing market regulations and
in particular the complete traceability of its gases.

@ Technology and Research: Industrial gases are used in the
assembly and encapsulation of electronic components in
optoelectronics processes — particularly LED manufacturing
and optic fiber and silicon cylinder drawing. Specialty gases
required, in particular, for the calibration of analysis instruments
are widely used in research centers and analytical laboratories.
Specific, highly technical gases and equipment have been
developed for these various applications.

= Craftsmen and Network: A wide range of gases are offered for
use in plumbing, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, industrial
maintenance and auto repair activities mostly for welding.
These gases are often sold in special-purpose packaging —
cylinders in compressed gaseous form, tailored to customer
usage requirements.

Such gases can be supplied to the customer's site in gaseous
form in high-pressure cylinders, in liquid form using dedicated
cryogenic trailers, or are produced using on-site production

HE.

HCAR

The Healthcare business line provides gases, services, medical
devices, equipment and hygiene products to more than
7,500 hospitals and clinics and 1.3 million homecare patients
around the world. The business line includes the specialty
ingredients activities of its subsidiary Seppic, serving the
cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets.

Air Liquide is one of the world leaders in this business sector,
which is subject to both stringent regulatory requirements
relating to the drug designation status of several of its gases as
well as to multiple stakeholders (patients, doctors and payers).
Whereas the geographic breakdown of the Medical gases activity
segment corresponds to that of the Industrial Merchant activity,
the breakdown of the Home Healthcare business, Hygiene, and
Specialty ingredients segments are more focused on Europe. As
a result, more than 80% of the Healthcare business line’s sales
are in Europe.

Activities and risk factors

equipment. Distribution remains traditionally local, with deliveries
rarely exceeding 200 to 250 km from the production site. To
support this local presence, the Industrial Merchant activity mainly
relies on the gas production capacities of the Large Industries
activity and then develops its own distribution logistics. Air Liquide
ensures the reliability of the gas supply and quality of materials
used (tanks and cylinders). The installation of telemeters and
development of tracking systems is becoming more widespread
in order to optimize distribution logistics.

The Industrial Merchant activity is characterized
by a wide range of customers, markets, applications
and solutions or services. Contract terms vary and
may cover up to five years. Revenue comes from the
sale of gas and related services. It is an expert service
business with a high technology and innovation content,
extremely local, dense geographic coverage as a
key factor. Competition can vary between areas.

Innovation with regards to markets, products and
applications is a major growth driver. Business growth
is generally dependent on local industrial production
growth.

2015 Healthcare revenue by activity

Specialty ingredients
9%

Hygiene
10% 4

Medical gases
28%

Home Healthcare
53%

2,799*

million euros

* 19% of Gas & Services revenue.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

19


--- Page 11 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

In hospitals and in clinics, Air Liquide provides medical gases,
such as oxygen and nitrous oxide, for operating theaters, intensive
care, emergency care and, more generally, medical wards.

The Group also innovates and develops therapeutic gases used
particularly for resuscitation in cases of acute pulmonary arterial
hypertension (VasoKinox™), and pain relief (Kalinox™). Several
therapeutic gases remain in the research and development phase
and the Group is in the process of extending its existing market
authorizations.

Air Liquide also supplies hospitals and clinics with a large range of
medical hygiene products (for hands, skin, instruments, surfaces,
etc.) to fight in particular nosocomial infections. In this way,
Air Liquide contributes to patient safety, particularly in operating
theaters and intensive care units. Some hygiene products are also
supplied to manufacturers, whose processes require impeccable
cleanliness.

In Home Healthcare, Air Liquide has extended its services beyond
oxygen therapy. The Group looks after more than 1.3 million
patients at home suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease, sleep apnea, diabetes, or Parkinson’s disease by
providing them with long-term medico-technical services and
follow-up care. Through close monitoring of patient prescriptions
and by enhancing patient observance of treatments, Air Liquide,
a Home Healthcare provider, has become a key player in patient/
doctor/payer relations and contributes to improving patient health
and quality of life on a daily basis, as well as enhancing efficiency
of health systems.

The Healthcare activity has been growing worldwide, partially
through the implementation of healthcare infrastructures and
systems in many developing economies. The Home Healthcare
activity, which allows a patient with a chronic disease to stay at
home, is developing due to high prevalence of chronic diseases
and an aging population. This activity also helps to meet the
growing constraints on health spending in developed countries.

ELECTRONICS

Air Liquide serves major manufacturers of semiconductors, flat
panel displays and solar cells, leveraging its expertise, global
infrastructure and strategic proximity to manufacturers worldwide.
Its innovative Electronic Materials respond to_ increasingly
challenging customer demands for improved mobility, connectivity,
computing power and energy consumption. The Group offers
include ultra-pure carrier gases, a wide range of specialty gases

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Through its subsidiary Seppic, Air Liquide produces and markets
specialty ingredients such as excipients and active ingredients
for cosmetology, adjuvants for vaccines, film-coating systems for
medication, etc.

Over the last 20 years, Air Liquide has developed as a leading
healthcare player in Europe (France, Germany, Italy, the United
Kingdom, Scandinavia, Spain, and the Netherlands), Canada and
Australia. In addition, the Group has businesses in the United
States (Medical gases only), South America, Africa and Japan
with recent expansion to Eastern Europe, South Korea and China
as the local healthcare systems develop.

The Healthcare business line produces and
distributes medical gases for hospitals and provides
healthcare services for homecare patients. It operates
in a strict regulatory framework. Density, quality of
support services and efficiency are essential to provide
resistance to pricing pressures of healthcare systems,
particularly in advanced economies.

Air Liquide is present along the continuum of care:
from treatment of acute diseases (with Medical gases
in hospitals), to treatment of chronic diseases at home
(with Home Healthcare), and prevention and well-
being (with the activities in Hygiene and Specialty
ingredients).

With aging populations and the escalating need for
care with the increase in chronic diseases as well
as the continuing expansion of healthcare systems
in developing economies, the Healthcare activity
represents a solid growth driver for the Group.

and advanced precursor molecules, enabling equipment for safe
distribution, purification and on-line purity control. The most
sophisticated of these molecules are essential for the continuous
miniaturization of the new microchips. On site, manufacturers can
rely on the Group’s expertise in the total management of these
fluids and equipment as well as on its cutting-edge analytical
services used to improve continuously their production processes.


--- Page 12 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

2015 Electronics revenue by product

Equipment

and Installation

17%

Services Carrier Gases

9)

1% 38%
1,523*

Advanced millions euros

Materials

14%

Specialty Electronic

Materials Materials

20% 34%

* 10% of Gas & Services revenue.

The Electronics business line supplies customers with carrier
gases (primarily ultra-pure nitrogen) from on-site facilities for
the transport of molecules, inerting and protection of electronic
systems, as well as purging of manufacturing tools. The need for
aregular and constant supply of carrier gases requires long-term
commitments from customers with the building of production
units near their premises or even on the customer's site.

The Group also provides materials for electronics such as specialty
gases and advanced precursor modules used in semiconductor,
flat panel and solar cell manufacturing. The acquisition of Voltaix
in 2013 has extended the Group’s range of advanced materials.
Within this range, grouped under the ALAM name, the Group
develops and markets offers with strong added value to its offer,
including ALOHA™ and Voltaix. It strengthens its relationships
with key customers and creates new synergies in the research
and industrialization of advanced molecules.

The Electronics business line also supplies equipment and installs
ultra-pure chemicals products and gas distribution units and
networks at its customer's new manufacturing facilities.

RODUCTION AND LOGISTICAL SYNERGIES

The four business lines comprising the Gas & Services activity are
closely tied by a strong industrial philosophy where proximity is
key. The following chart illustrates the sharing of both production
and distribution assets for a given geographic area, between the
different business lines. Due to this efficient industrial network,
Air Liquide capitalizes on its proximity to its customers to
anticipate their needs, understand market changes and offer
innovative solutions. This approach allows the Group to target a
diverse range of activities and markets.

In its quest for improved performance, the Group favors synergies
in a number of areas:

@ Industry: local investment in new assets, followed by
mutualization of these assets between the different business
lines; globalization of energy supply and specifically energy
(electricity and natural gas) purchasing;

lm Engineering & Construction: sharing of global Group expertise,
knowledge transfer, support to the geographic regions;

Activities and risk factors

Finally, given its expertise and its desire to offer customers a
comprehensive service, Air Liquide also provides just-in-time, on-
site fluid management and quality control services under rigorous
safety conditions.

The Electronics business model is based principally on long-term
carrier gas supply agreements with continuous technological
innovations to satisfy customer requirements by designing
cutting-edge precursor molecules. The combination of carrier
gas, specialty gases, and brand-new precursor molecule and
equipment and installation activities enables Air Liquide to limit
revenue volatility in this cyclical sector that offers strong growth
potential.

The Electronics activities are based 63% in Asia, 25% in the
Americas and 12% in Europe.

The Group’s Electronics activity covers three different
activities:

m Carrier gases with a business model based on long-
term contracts and take-or-pay-type clauses;

m Specialty gases and advanced molecules with a high
level of technical expertise;

m Equipment and _ installation sales linked to the
momentum of the Electronics sector investment cycle.

In the Electronics sector, where long-term growth is
accompanied by short cycles, the mix of activities specific
to Air Liquide with its long-term contracts, offers a true
competitive advantage.

m Research and Development: constant efforts to develop new
applications;

m Human Resources: common managerial culture across a
range of regions and businesses, aimed at selecting, training
and developing the potential of the Group’s men and women
and favoring a unique sharing of competencies.

The combination of all these synergies allows Air Liquide to

become stronger and to grow and continue to create long-term
value.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

21


--- Page 13 ---

22

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

Standard development model

@ Identification of industrial basins and their potential in terms of growth
and mutualization

@ Signing of various Large Industries contracts

@ Mutualization of production assets (construction of a pipeline network)

. co in order to strengthen guaranteed supply and optimize operating costs
Production and Logistical

Synergies
&
Electricity Refinery Chemical \ Metal
Natural gas producer producer

Water

Filling center

Air Liquide Activities
MEE Large Industries

Bulk
and cylinder

MEE Industrial Merchant customer

MEE Healthcare
MEE Electronics

(a) SMR: Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production unit (Steam Methane Reformer)
(b) ASU: Air gases production unit (Air Separation Unit).

(c) On-site: Small local production unit.
(d) ESG: Electronic Specialty Gases

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 14 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Activities and risk factors

@ Liquefaction of gas sourced ® Acauisition of local distributors
from Large Industries to supply to accelerate roll-out in the area
Industrial Merchant, Healthcare
and Electronics (piggyback
principle)

ESG

ESG filling center

healthcare
patient

Electronics
customer

Client
on-site ©

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

23


--- Page 15 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION

To provide customers with the gases required for their industrial
production, Air Liquide engineers have developed proprietary
technologies. For over a century, the Group has designed and
constructed gas production units for its own use or for sale to
customers who prefer to produce their gas requirements internally.
Today, Air Liquide is recognized for its ability to constantly
improve ASU productivity based on its mastery of its proprietary
technologies.

Since the acquisition of Lurgi in 2007, the Group has expanded its
range of technological expertise. It possesses its own proprietary
technologies (as developed by Lurgi over 50 years) to produce
hydrogen and carbon monoxide through steam methane
reforming. This acquisition also expanded the Group's offering
of coal and natural gas conversion technologies to produce
syngas, synthetic natural gas, methanol, propylene, liquid fuels
and biofuels. This expanded Engineering & Construction aptitude
has assisted the Group’s involvement, upstream of industrial gas
production projects as well as in the development of its customer
processes, thus boosting sales growth. Many of the customer
processes (in varied stages of development) offer technical
solutions which assist in the fight against climate change by
enabling capture of a virtually pure CO, flow as emitted by the
industrial sites.

The majority of Air Liquide’s Engineering & Construction activity is
geared toward industrial gas production technologies. Accordingly,
in 2015, 67% of its orders in hand concerned the manufacture of
either air gases, hydrogen and/or carbon monoxide production
units.

To cover all of the primary markets of theindustrial customers, the
Engineering & Construction business has extensive geographical
coverage with 15 major engineering centers worldwide in North
America, Europe and Asia. Positioned with this coverage, the
Group is able to meet global demand while containing production
costs.

The Group favors the development of its gas sales activity over
equipment sales. Nonetheless, Engineering & Construction has
great strategic value for the Group, both internally and externally.

Internally, the Group benefits from the relevant engineering
resources during the investment phase of project of its Gas &
Services activity. It provides a high level of expertise, crucial to the
design of efficient units which specifically respond to the needs
of the Group’s industrial gas customers. It provides support for
the Group during site takeovers, by ensuring the appropriate
assessment of the quality of assets purchased.

The Engineering & Construction activity also acts for third-party
customers. Air Liquide designs and builds customized units
which customers will own and operate. Also, this third-party
customer activity allows the Group to permanently assess the
competitiveness of its own technologies and commercial offering.
In particular, Air Liquide is able to forge close relations with
customers who produce their own gas and better understand
their industrial processes and investment projects. In certain
cases, negotiations initially steered toward the sale of equipment
were finalized by the signing of a long-term industrial gas supply
contract. As part of this third-party customer activity, the strategy
consists of favoring research and equipment supply contracts
and excluding construction risks in the contracts. Accordingly, the
contribution to consolidated revenue can vary significantly from
year to year.

The Engineering & Construction activity provides
the Group with a genuine competitive edge, enabling it
to offer turnkey solutions to its customers both inside
and outside the Group and to engage in a procedure of
continuous improvement of industrial processes and
reduction in the cost of its industrial assets.

In 2015, consolidated third-party Engineering & Technology
sales totaled 775 million euros and orders in hand amounted to
4.1 billion euros.

Engineering & Technology orders in hand ®
as at end-2015

Renewable ener.
2% \

Alternative

Air Separation
Units

49%
4,073*
million euros:
HyCo units
18%

* Including 2.3 billion euros from third-party orders.

(a) Orders in hand represent the contractual value of all Group and third-party contracts managed by the Engineering & Construction entity, excluding projects under

warranty, from the signature date.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 16 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

GLOBAL MARKETS & TECHNOLOGIES

Leveraging science, technologies, business models and digital
usages, the new Business Unit “Global Markets & Technologies”
focuses on new markets requiring a global approach.

It is composed of:

™ advanced Business & Technologies (aB&T), in charge of
opening new markets relating to the energy transition: hydrogen
energy; clean transportation with the use of Bio-NGV and
mobile refrigeration with nitrogen, processing and injection of
biogas into the natural gas network, and of developing Space,
Aerospace, extreme cryogenics businesses, based on its core
technologies;

@ Avr Liquide Maritime, in charge of developing the gas usages
by the actors in the maritime sector, namely, offshore oil
and gas platforms (construction and maintenance, inerting,
support to drilling, analytical services, diving gases), offshore
wind turbines, and cryogenic transportation by sea of high
value-added molecules, such as helium.

The new activity has 1,400 employees and generated revenue of
292 million euros in 2015.

Competition

On a worldwide scale, the Industrial Gases sector comprises
four global companies: Air Liquide, Linde (Germany), Praxair
(United States) and Air Products (United States).

There are also a number of regional players, such as Taiyo Nippon
Sanso (Japan), Messer (Germany), Yingde (China) and Hangzhou
Oxygen Plant Group (China).

Finally, numerous medium-sized players are also present in local
markets.

In Large Industries, the customer can choose between self-
production and over-the-fence gas supply. Self-production is
estimated to account for 80% of hydrogen production and 65% of
oxygen production globally, although with significant geographical
disparities. Companies self-producing gas thus remain the Group's
greatest competition. However, the potential to convert self-
production into over-the-fence supply represents a major growth
opportunity for the Large Industries business line. The level of self-
production varies strongly depending upon the region, sector and
local culture. In advanced economies, the supply of oxygen is
largely over-the-fence, while the supply of hydrogen for refining
remains essentially in-house. In developing economies, while
relatively new, over-the-fence supply is accelerating significantly.
Air Liquide, the world leader in over-the-fence industrial gases
supply, is in competition with the three other major global players
and the local players.

Activities and risk factors

OTHER ACTIVITIES

Over time, Air Liquide has developed other activities in addition to
the sale of gas and equipment. The 2015 consolidated revenue of
Other activities amounted to 561 million euros, representing 3%
of Group revenue.

Welding

Air Liquide is a significant player in the development of welding
and cutting technologies, offering a complete range of related
equipment, consumables and services to the market, through
renowned brands. Established primarily in Europe, Air Liquide
Welding covers a wide range of markets: shipyards, automotive,
transport equipment, infrastructures, boilers, _ distributors,
machinery and equipment, energy, etc. Air Liquide Welding
pursues continuous innovation, constantly striving to improve the
performance, productivity, safety and comfort of operators.

Diving

Aqua Lung™ provides deep-sea diving and swimming equipment
to professionals and private individuals.

Industrial Merchant is a local business: transport costs limit the
operating area to within 200 to 250 km of the production unit
except for high value added gases. This market, which is highly
diversified due to the size and activity of its customers, thus
includes numerous small and medium-sized local competitors,
either ensuring gas production and distribution or simply playing
the role of a gas distributor.

In Electronics, four companies play a major role: Air Liquide,
Linde, Air Products and Taiyo Nippon Sanso. Air Liquide is
particularly present in molecules with high value-added.

Finally, in Healthcare, most of the gas industry players also
provide hospitals with oxygen, but few are present on the
promising therapeutic gas market. The Home Healthcare
segment became more consolidated in 2012, with the ramp-
up of Linde following the purchases of activities in Europe and
the United States. Air Liquide maintains its number one position
in Europe. Nevertheless, the market remains fragmented in all
regions with a multitude of small companies and associations.
This fragmentation provides acquisition opportunities. Finally,
Air Liquide is the only industrial and medical gases producer to
have developed a Hygiene and Specialty Ingredients activity.
Air Liquide is positioned as a fully-fledged player in the Healthcare
sector, which represents a significant differentiating factor.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

25


--- Page 17 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

In Engineering & Construction, Air Liquide also competes with
industrial gas players. In the “cold” technologies used for air
separation, the competitors are Linde, Air Products and Praxair.
In the “hot” technologies used for producing hydrogen, in coal
gasification and the chemical conversion of syngas, the most

Risk factors

The Group identifies the risk factors to which it is exposed using a
formal risk management approach.

The risks presented below, at the date of this Reference Document,
are the risks of which the Group considers that the occurrence
may have a significant negative impact on its business, results, or
outlook; in addition, the occurrence of some of these risks could
expose the Group to civil, criminal and/or administrative sanctions
and have a negative effect on its image and reputation. The list of
these risks is, however, not exhaustive and other risks, unknown
at the date of this document, could occur and have a negative
effect on the Group’s business.

As part of the Group’s risk management approach, the Group
is committed to regularly assessing the risks and to reducing
the likelihood that they will occur or their potential impact by
implementing formalized and specific action plans.

The Report from the Chairman of the Board page 140 presents
the main underlying internal control and management procedures
put in place for the main risks that contribute specifically to limiting
the probability of them occurring or their impact.

SPECIFIC BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS

The industrial gas business is characterized by a significant
technology content (both in the design phase and the construction
of production units), local production capacity, high capital
intensity, and substantial energy requirements.

The risks associated with these characteristics are mitigated by
various factors, which include primarily the diversity of customers,
industries served, applications, and countries in which the Group
operates, as well as the significant share of business that is subject
to specific contracts, a strict investment project authorization and
management process, and a tailored energy policy.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

important competitors are Haldor Topsoe (Denmark) or Technip
(France). Competition from developing economies is also growing:
for example, Hangzhou Oxygen Plant Group, Yingde and Kaifeng
(China) in air gases.

Industrial risks

Industrial risks are linked to the various industrial processes
and distribution methods implemented by the Group. They are
distributed over a large number of sites from which it operates.

The Group's key priority is safety, with a formal objective of “zero
accidents, on every site, in every region, in every unit”. The
safety results for the past 20 plus years illustrate the long-term
effectiveness of Group's actions in this area.

Over and above the usual risks inherent in all industrial activities,
Air Liquide’s businesses entail more specific risks relating to:

® products: the intrinsic properties of certain products packaged
by the Group classifies them in the dangerous materials
category, for which tailored procedures and means of detection
have been defined to ensure compliance with local regulations
as a minimum;

™ processes and their operation: cryogenics is used to separate
gases by distillation, store them and transport them. This very
low temperature technique as well as other high temperature
techniques (used in particular in the production of hydrogen)
require specific means of control and protection. In addition,
pressure is central to the Group’s processes. Pressurized
equipment must be designed with security features restricting
uncontrolled release which may trigger accidents;

@ logistics and transportation: each year, delivery vehicles, sales
staff and technicians travel many kilometers. Non-compliance
by the drivers with the highway code or the lack of regular
maintenance of vehicles would expose drivers and _ third
parties to risks of accidents. Preventive measures are regularly
implemented, such as awareness campaigns. In addition,
industrial sites use a lot of motorized lifting gears. Training in
the use of such equipment and user permits are required;


--- Page 18 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

@ engineering and construction: industrial risks are factored in
from the design phase of future installations. Subsequently,
during the construction phase, the lack of prevention plans and
rigorous organization would hamper the coordination among
the various trades; the project and competences management
tools aim to reduce these risks;

® delivery reliability: a variety of solutions contribute to reducing
the risks of fault in the systems supplying gas to customers:
direct pipeline connection from a production unit, on-site
storage with remote surveillance enabling the automatic trigger
of resupply or bar-coded gas cylinders ensuring the traceability
of products;

@ challenges in the medical area: the products and services
delivered for the healthcare and wellbeing of patients are
regulated by internal standards and specific regulations,
and must be subject to particular attention by the teams in
question.

The Group has an Industrial Management System (IMS), which
defines the management processes covering the above points. It is
described in greater depth in the Chairman's Report on page 142.

Industrial investment-related risks

The Group may be exposed to certain risks specific to its
industrial investments. Each investment project may be affected,
particularly in its profitability, by different factors linked primarily to
project location, customer quality and the competitiveness of the
site, as well as to design, cost estimates and the construction of
gas production units.

The investment authorization process is led by Resources and
Investment Committees, which apply extremely strict appraisal
criteria to projects. These Committees comprise regional,
technical and financial managers that vary depending on the
nature of the project considered, and are chaired by an Executive
Committee member. The investment decision-making process is
explained in the “Investment cycle and financing strategy” section
on page 45.

Engineering & Construction-related risks

Air Liquide enters into major contracts to design and build gas
production units worldwide. The primary role of Group Engineering
is to undertake internal investment projects. It also performs
projects, including turnkey projects, for third-party customers,
which are selected based on strict criteria aimed at limiting the
risks associated with these Engineering & Construction activities.

Measures to limit commitments on the most complex projects
are described in the “Control Activities” section of the Chairman’s
Report on page 142.

Activities and risk factors

These projects generally extend over several years. Potential risks
relating to design, purchasing, transport or construction and more
generally to the overall quality of work may arise at different stages
of the project. Risks relating to these projects are often greater
during the construction stage, in particular for turnkey projects:

@ the quality and delivery times for critical equipment on one
hand, and costs and on-site construction costs and deadlines
on the other may give rise to project start-up setbacks and
impact project profitability;

™ unexpected technical problems may also arise as a result of
new innovative processes being implemented. Preliminary
tests on pilot or demonstration units are therefore meant to
help reduce such risks prior to commercial implementation;

@ certain projects are located in regions that may be a source
of political risks. Constant monitoring of such projects helps
better manage such risks.

The impact of the risks described above depends also on the
contractual commitments given to customers.

Business-related risks

The primary business-related risk is the risk of customer bankruptcy
or closure of a customer's production site. The diversity ofthe Group's
geographic presence in 80 countries distributes the risk among
customers and markets. The Group's subsidiaries serve a very large
number of customers (more than one million worldwide) in a broad
range of industries: chemicals, steel, refining, food, pharmaceuticals,
metals, automotive, healthcare, electronics, photovoltaic and research
laboratories, etc. The Group's top customer represents around 2%
of revenue, the Group's top 10 customers represent around 12% of
revenue and the top 50 customers represent around 28% of revenue.

Moreover, a significant part of the Industrial Gas business is
covered by customer contracts, with commitment periods
specific to the relevant business line:

@ the Large Industries business and a third of the Electronics
business respectively rely on 15-year to 20-year, and 10-year,
take-or-pay secured contracts, ensuring a guaranteed minimum
revenue. These contracts provide strong future cash flow
predictability;

@ the contracts in the Industrial Merchant business, generally
with a one-to five-year duration, also include services relating
to storage and cylinders;

m@ in the Home Healthcare business, positions vary between
health systems, with certain countries awarding one-to five-year
contracts on a regional and pathology basis following public
tenders.

In addition, some Group clients’ business may be interrupted for
climatic or major political events.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

27


--- Page 19 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

The impact on the Group of the risks of customer business
interruption following major climatic or political events is, however,
limited by the wide diversity of countries in which it operates. This
impact can be reduced by the necessary recourse to gases in
critical situations. Indeed, gases are needed to secure industrial
or chemical installations (inert gases), maintain local industrial
activity (essential to industrial processes) and even sustain life
(medical gases). They are therefore often protected or prioritized
depending on the situation.

The amount of operating receivables as well as provisions for
doubtful receivables are shown in note 17 — Trade receivables to
the consolidated financial statements on page 236.

Supply-related risks

Electricity and natural gas are the main raw materials used by
production units. Their availability is thus essential to the Group.
Due to the geographic spread of its activities, Group supply
contracts are diversified. Where the local market permits, Group
subsidiaries secure these resources through medium to long-term
supply commitments and competitive bidding scenarios with the
objective of achieving the most reliable and competitive energy
costs available in any particular market. The Group passes on
cost variations to its customers via indexed invoicing integrated
into medium and long-term contracts.

Commodity risk is described in note 25.1 to the consolidated
financial statements on page 260.

Innovation and intellectual property-related
risks

The Group’s activity is not dependent on third-party patents. It
is mainly based on technology, processes and designs which
are mostly protected by patents, drawings and models as well
as by brands ; these technologies, processes and designs are
developed internally, notably by its Research and Development,
Marketing, and Engineering teams, as well as through
partnerships with third parties. There is, nonetheless, a risk
of third-party rights being infringed, in particular when several
market players are developing similar technologies. The Group
is also developing innovative activities through collaboration with
partners, acquisitions, or buying shares in innovative entities: risks
may arise in the breakdown between stakeholders of rights and
Obligations relating to intellectual property.

Measures aimed at ensuring the respect of intellectual property
are set out in the Chairman's Report on page 143.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATIC RISKS

The industrial and medical gas business presents few
environmental risks. Around 85% of the Group’s large production
units separate the components of atmospheric air, that is oxygen,
nitrogen, argon and rare gases. These plants “without chimneys”
do not use any combustion processes and consume almost
exclusively electrical energy. They are particularly environmentally
friendly as they emit almost no CO,, sulfur oxides or nitrogen
oxides

Nonetheless, electricity consumption generates CO, emissions
by the suppliers of this energy, known as indirect emissions.
Besides, the Group’s two other main activities, namely hydrogen
production and cogeneration, account for nearly 15% of large
production units and use combustion processes emitting CO,
and nitrogen oxides, as well as low quantities of sulfur oxides.

Water is a resource necessary to these three main Group
processes. Air gas separation units use water exclusively for
cooling purposes during the separation process. Hydrogen
production units require water in the form of steam in the reaction
producing hydrogen. Finally, the cogeneration units produce
steam, which is mainly supplied to customers.

Environmental risks primarily comprise the following components:

@ the Environmental Footprint, involving the Group's activities
worldwide, is closely monitored: sites under the European
Seveso directive and equivalent sites worldwide, electrical and
thermal energy consumption, annual water supply, emissions
into water and the atmosphere, waste and by-products, the
distance covered by delivery trucks and progress made toward
quality (ISO9001) and environmental (ISO14001) certifications;

™ Group direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions are
measured at all production sites.

The Group analyzes and monitors the environmental risk factors
at the main stages of its product life cycles as well as when
key investment decisions are taken. In addition, a mapping of
sites located in hydric stress areas enables the identification
of water supply risks. Finally, the Group is in constant dialogue
with stakeholders to assess the risk to its image associated with
environmental issues.


--- Page 20 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Climatic risks notably comprise the following elements:

@ risks associated with changes in environmental protection
legislation. In this regard, the Group continuously monitors the
European Trading Scheme and other CO, allocation exchange
systems existing or under development around the world, in
order to assess the impact of any regulatory changes on the
Group's activities;

@ weather and climatic disasters which may disrupt the smooth
running of operations in particular on the main sites in the
regions at risk. Adaptation measures covering risks relating to
extreme weather-related phenomena exist at the main sites
located in high-risk areas.

A detailed energy and environment report is presented in the
Sustainable Development report in this Reference Document on
page 70.

FINANCIAL AND TAX RISKS

Financial risk management is a priority for the Group.

The financial risk management processes are detailed in the
Chairman’s Report on page 144, in accordance with a governance
structure that defines the role of the Finance Department, the
various Committees and the role of local entities.

The Finance Department also analyzes country and customer
risks on investment decisions; it participates in Investment
Committee meetings.

Foreign exchange risk

Since industrial and medical gases are not transported over long
distances, most products are manufactured in the country where
they are sold. The Group considers that its activities have a low
level of exposure to currency fluctuations.

Foreign exchange transaction risk is related both to cash flows
arising from royalties, technical support and dividends, as well as
to foreign currency commercial cash flows from operating entities.
These commercial cash flows in foreign currencies are not
material when compared to consolidated revenue on an annual
basis. This foreign exchange transaction risk is managed through
the hedging policy implemented by the Finance Department.

Furthermore, the Group provides a natural hedge and reduces
its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations by raising debt in
the currency of the cash flows generated to repay debt. Thus,
financing is raised either in local currency, or when sales contracts
are indexed in euros or US dollars, in foreign currency (EUR or
USD).

Foreign exchange risk related to the translation of local currency
financial statements into euros mainly corresponds to the
sensitivity to the main foreign currencies — the US dollar (USD),
the Japanese yen (JPY) and the Chinese renminbi (CNY).

Activities and risk factors

Note 25.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes
the foreign exchange transaction risk management process and
the derivative instruments used, as well as sensitivity to foreign
currency exchange rates.

Interest rate risk

The interest rate risk is mainly linked to the fluctuation of future
cash flows on debt when the rate is variable, such as Euribor or
Libor. The Group's objective is to reduce the impact of interest rate
fluctuations on its interest expenses and, guided by the principle
of prudence, to finance long-term assets with shareholders’
equity and fixed-rate long-term debt. Since most of Air Liquide’s
activities are based on long-term contracts (10 to 20 years), a
policy promoting interest rate risk hedging ensures control over
financing costs when deciding on long-term investments.

Group policy is to maintain, over a medium, to long-term period, a
majority of total debt at fixed rates, mainly by using firm or option
hedges. This approach enables the Group to limit the impact of
interest rate fluctuations on financial expenses.

Note 25.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes
the sensitivity of the Group’s financial expenses to interest rate
fluctuations and the interest rate repricing schedule for fixed-rate
debt and interest rate hedging instruments.

Financial counterparty and liquidity risk

Financial counterparty risk primarily relates to outstanding
amounts on short-term investments and derivative instruments
for hedging, and to credit facilities contracted with each bank. To
ensure its development and independence, the Group must have
sufficient and permanent sources of liquidity, meaning adequate
financing resources available at any time and at the lowest cost
from banks and financial markets. In this area, the Group adopts
a prudent approach to counterparties and their diversification,
applying a strict limit on individual outstandings.

Note 25.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes
financial counterparty and liquidity risk for the year ended
December 31, 2015. Notes 17.1 and 17.2 to the consolidated
financial statements provide a breakdown of trade and other
operating receivables and allowances for doubtful receivables.

Tax risks

The Group is exposed to tax risk in certain countries, due to
changes in applicable regulations, which may have an impact
on its activities or its results. Its Tax Department and operational
Finance Departments monitor these changes carefully to ensure
the Group complies with these regulations.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 21 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities and risk factors

DIGITAL RISKS

The Group’s activities, expertise and, more generally, its relations
with all the players in its social and economic environment depend
on increasingly dematerialized and digitalized operations. These
operations depend on interdependent information systems and
communication networks on both a human level and in functional
and technical terms.

This digital dependency accentuates the risks of data
confidentiality, data processing integrity and information systems
availability that may have financial, operational or corporate image
impacts for the Group.

A long-term operational program aims to continue to strengthen
the Group's prevention and monitoring mechanisms in a context
of ever-changing cyber-threats and digital risks. This program will
enable the application of the digital security policy described on
page 143 of the Chairman's Report in priority fields and activities.

HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT RISKS

The long-term performance of the Air Liquide Group is driven, in
particular, by the quality of its employees, their expertise and their
motivation.

The Group may be faced with difficulties in finding and sustaining
the required skills at the right time and in the right place, in
particular in emerging markets where the Group is expanding its
activities.

The Group ensures the building of a performance-focused,
motivating and involved professional environment, through a
human resources policy aiming to identify, attract, retain and
develop competent employees from all walks of life. The objectives
of this policy are set out in the Chairman’s Report on page 143.

Moreover, considering the changing international climate and its
presence in a large number of countries, the Group (its employees,
sites and assets) may be exposed locally to a higher security risk,
for which additional measures are being taken.

LEGAL RISKS

The Group has a worldwide presence. Its companies operating
industrial and medical gas production facilities must comply
with the rules and regulations in force locally, particularly in the
technical field, and monitor any changes.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

In Healthcare in particular, the regulatory environment constantly
evolves and specific regulatory constraints exist which relate
notably to public markets, to the marketing of products which
may be subject to drug regulatory control, and the protection of
private information on each patient. In this domain, the evolution
of the regulatory environment is monitored with particular vigilance
and adapted reinforced means implemented.

More generally, the Group is faced with the risks relating to
contracts and competition law, as well as anticorruption issues.
These risks are specifically monitored as indicated in the Report
from the Chairman of the Board of Directors on the internal control
and risk management procedures instituted by the Company
(page 143).

To the Group's knowledge, there have been no governmental,
judicial or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings
which are pending or threatened, of which we are aware, which
may have, or have had in the past 12 months, significant impacts
on the financial situation or profitability of the Company and/or
Group.

Liabilities and contingent liabilities related to disputes are described
in notes 22 and 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

INSURANCE MANAGEMENT

The Group has adequate insurance coverage, underwritten by
first-rate insurers, for civil liability, property damage and business
interruption.

Property damage and business interruption

Group property and business interruption are covered by property
and casualty insurance policies underwritten in each country
in which the Group operates. Almost all of these policies are
integrated into an international program.

These policies, which are generally of the “All Risks” form, cover
fire, lightning, water damage, explosions, vandalism, impact,
machinery breakdown, theft and, depending on the country and
in limited amounts, natural disasters.

Business interruption is insured for most production sites under
these same policies.

The coverage period for business interruption is 12 to 18 months.
Deductible amounts are correlated to the size of the sites.

Insurers conduct regular visits at the main industrial sites for risk
prevention purposes.


--- Page 22 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Civil liability

In terms of civil liability, the Group maintains two separate covers,
one for the North American zone and another for the rest of
the world. The North American zone is covered by insurance
underwritten in the United States. For the other zones, the Group
has subscribed an umbrella policy, underwritten in France, which
covers both the Company and its subsidiaries outside of the
United States and Canada, beyond any local coverage provided
for the subsidiaries.

These two policies cover liability of the Group companies for any
damage they might cause to a third party in the course of doing
business (operational risk) or arising from their products (product
risk). Furthermore, with certain limitations, these policies cover
“pollution” risk and product recall costs.

The coverage amounts underwritten exceed 500 million euros.
Both policies are built on several overlapping insurance lines and
each line has been underwritten for a given amount with several
insurers sharing the risk. Beyond the first line, the upper lines pick
up the excess risk from the lower lines.

The policy underwritten by the Company in France serves as an
umbrella for subsidiaries outside of North America. Under this

Activities and risk factors

umbrella, each foreign subsidiary has its own policy covering
damages to third parties incurred through its activities or products.
The amount insured for each subsidiary in its policy depends
on the amount of its revenue. The coverage under the Group's
umbrella policy is supplemental to any local amounts.

The main exclusions are deliberate acts, war, nuclear incidents
and repair of defective products.

Captive reinsurance

A portion of risks of damage and operating losses is kept by the
Group via a captive reinsurance company located in Luxembourg,
which also participates, since July 1, 2015, in the coverage of the
Group’s civil liabilities excluding the North American zone.

This company covers losses of up to a maximum of 5 million
euros per loss over and above the deductibles to a maximum
of 19.5 million euros per year. Beyond these amounts, risks are
transferred to insurers. Their management is entrusted to a captive
manager approved by the Luxembourg Insurance Commission.

This captive reinsurance company is fully consolidated. Its balance
sheet as of December 31, 2015 totaled 60 million euros.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

31


--- Page 23 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

© 2015 PERFORMANCE

The Group achieved a solid performance, delivering once again an increase in revenue, operating margin and net profit, in the
context of slower global growth in 2015. The Group sales for 2015 reached 16,380 million euros, demonstrating a published
growth of +6.7% in comparison to 2014, benefiting from a positive +6.0% currency impact, particularly strong in the beginning
of the year, and penalized by a negative energy effect of -2.6%. On a comparable basis, the progress was +3.3%, superior to
the growth of the market.

The growth of the activity in 2015 was principally sustained by dynamic Healthcare, the strong development of Electronics,
the ramp-ups of production units in Large Industries notably during the 2"! half of the year, the developing economies and a
progressive resumption of growth in Europe.

The accrued efforts on costs and efficiencies, which reached a total of 298 million euros, contributed to the increase in the
operating margin at 17.6%, representing +10 basis points excluding the energy effect. Net profit (Group level) rose to 1,756 million
euros, an increase of +5.5%. Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital requirements increased by
+7.0% in comparison to 2014 and reached 19.2% of sales.

At the same time, the Group pursued its growth initiatives with investment decisions of 2.4 billion euros, a reinforced innovation
strategy materialized by the creation of the activity Global Markets & Technologies and the signature of the merger agreement to
acquire Airgas in the United States. Once complete, this acquisition will constitute a major step in the development of the Group.

The Board of Directors proposes a nominal dividend to be submitted to the combined Annual General Meeting of May 12, 2016
at 2.60 euros per share. This dividend represents an increase of +2.0% for the shareholder and the pay-out ratio is estimated
at 52.4%.

2015 key figures

2015/2014 2015/2014

published comparable

(in millions of euros) 2014 2015 change change ©
Group revenue 15,358 16,380 46.7% +3.3%
of which Gas & Services” 13,800 14,752 +6.9% +3.8%
Operating income recurring 2,634 2,891 +9.8% +3.9%
Operating income recurring (as % of revenue) 17.1% 17.6% +50bps -
Net profit (Group share) 1,665 1,756 +5.5% +0.1%
Adjusted earnings per share (in euros) 4.85 5.12 +5.6% 40.2%
Adjusted dividend per share (in euros) 2.55 2.60 © +2.0% -
Net cash flows from operating activities 2,830 2,832 +0.1% -
Net capital expenditure © 1,931 2,292 -
Net debt 6,306 7,238 -
Debt-to-equity ratio 53.3% 56.7% -
Return On Capital Employed — ROCE after tax " 10.8% 10.3% - -

(a) Excluding energy, currency and significant scope impacts

(b) New activity: first three quarters of 2015 and full year 2014 data concerning Gas & Services sales growth have been restated to factor in the impact relating to
the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GM&7) activity.

(c) Subject to the approval of the May 12, 2016 Shareholders’ Meeting.

(d) Cash flow from operating activities after change in working capital requirement and other elements.

(e) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

(9. Return On Capital Employed — ROCE after tax: (net profit after tax before deduction of minority interests - net cost of debt after taxes)/((shareholders’ equity
+ minority interests + net indebtedness) average over the fiscal year).

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 24 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Highlights of 2015

DEVELOPMENT OF INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITY

During the course of 2015, new contracts were signed in Large
Industries, in developing economies as well as in advanced
economies.

@ In the United States, in Louisiana, Air Liquide launched the
construction of a new Air Separation Unit (ASU) for Yuhuang
Chemical. Representing an investment of 170 million US
dollars, the unit will be able to produce 2,400 tons of
oxygen per day. This ASU will be connected to the Group's
extensive pipeline system, providing enhanced reliability of
supply. Air Liquide will also license its leading MegaMethanol®
technology. This agreement illustrates the value for the
customer of a complementary offer combining Group
proprietary technologies with long-term oxygen supply.

m Air Liquide signed a long-term contract with Sasol, an
international integrated energy and chemicals company, for
the supply of industrial gases to the Secunda site in South
Africa. Air Liquide will invest around 200 million euros for the
construction of the largest Air Separation Unit (ASU) ever
built, with a total capacity of 5,000 tons of oxygen per day, a
milestone in the history of industrial gas production. The start-
up is expected for the end of 2017. It is the first time Sasol
will outsource its oxygen needs to a specialist of industrial gas
production at its Secunda site.

@ In Australia, Air Liquide has launched the construction of an
Air Separation Unit (ASU) for Nyrstar, an integrated mining
and metals recyling company. Representing an investment of
60 million euros, the unit will produce 1,400 tons of gas per day
and its start-up is expected in 2016. The gases supplied will
enable Nyrstar to increase its production capabilities, enhance
efficiency and reduce the environmental footprint of the site.

@ In China, Air Liquide signed new long-term contracts in various
industrial sectors:

- with Shandong Fangyuan, China's leading privately-owned
copper smelter and one of the world’s largest copper
producers. The Group will invest approximately 60 million
euros in an Air Separation Unit (ASU) with a capacity of
2,000 tons of oxygen per day, expected to be commissioned
in 2017. The oxygen supplied will boost productivity of
the smelter while reducing overall CO, emissions and
maintenance costs;

2015 Performance

- with Yan’an Energy and Chemical Co., a subsidiary
of Yanchang Petroleum Group, one of the four largest
Chinese companies for oil and natural gas exploration and
production. The Group will invest approximately 80 million
euros in two state-of-the-art Air Separation Units (ASU) with
a total capacity of 2,800 tons of oxygen per day, expected
to begin operations at the beginning of 2018.

Air Liquide saw some major start-ups in Large Industries during
2015:

@ in Saudi Arabia, in Yanbu, its largest industrial site ever. The
site has two large-scale hydrogen production units (SMR)
and one purification unit for a total hydrogen capacity of
340,000 nm%/hour. This investment of more than 350 million
euros supplies hydrogen to the new YASREF refinery (a joint
venture between Saudi Aramco and Sinopec) under a long-
term contract. Hydrogen is used to reduce the sulfur content
of the fuel production; and

m in Germany, in Dormagen near Cologne, a new hydrogen
and carbon monoxide production unit (SMR). The Group
invested approximately 100 million euros in this state-of-
the-art production unit with an annual production capacity
of 22,000 tons of hydrogen and 120,000 tons of carbon
monoxide. It will supply Covestro’s new TDI (toluene
diisocyanate) production plant. It will also provide other
customers on the Rhine-Ruhr pipeline network with hydrogen.

During 2015, new offers were developed by the Industrial
Merchant teams:

@ For example, a digital portal was put into service in the Nordic
countries, dedicated to the small ALbee™ cylinders for the
“Craftsmen and Network” market. This on-line sales platform
facilitates the everyday life of the end-clients who can consult
the pricing offer and order their cylinders from the closest
distributor.

@ Another example in the glass industry, integrated in the
“Materials and Energy” market where the use of pure oxygen in
place of air in the glass melting furnaces allows for the reduction
in energy consumption and reduces polluting emissions.
During COP21 in 2015, the Group won the Innovative Product
Award of the France-China Committee for its high temperature
oxy-combustion technology. Compared to air combustion, this
new process “Heatox” provides up to 50% energy savings and
up to 50% CO, emissions reduction.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 25 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

In 2015, in Electronics, Air Liquide signed several long-term
contracts with major semi conductor manufacturers in Japan,
Singapore and Taiwan. The Group will invest more than 100 million
euros to supply ultra-pure carrier gases to customer plants (fabs)
which manufacture integrated circuits and memory for consumer
electronics and mobile devices. This market continues to expand,
driven notably by the rise of the Internet of Things and “Big Data”.

ACQUISITIONS AND INITIATIVES IN HEALTHCARE

In 2015, Air Liquide continued with its strategy of densification
in geographic zones where the Group is already present with
additional acquisitions in Home Healthcare.

@ In Germany, the Group strengthened its position with the
acquisition of Optimal Medical Therapies (OMT). This company
provides home healthcare services for around 5,000 patients
and is recognized for its expertise in home infusion services
which include immunotherapy, pain management, and
treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension and Parkinson’s
disease.

@ A\r Liquide expanded its activity in Ireland with the acquisition
of Baywater Healthcare Ireland Limited, a major player
specializing in treating and monitoring of respiratory diseases
in patients’ homes (oxygen therapy, continuous positive airway
pressure and non-invasive ventilation).

Schtilke, the Group’s Healthcare entity specializing in Hygiene,
expanded its presence through two acquisitions this year:

inthe Asia-Pacific zone, Healthcare Antisepsis Solutions (HAS),
the skin disinfection and hygiene business unit of Advanced
Sterilization Products, a Division of Ethicon, Inc.;

@ in the Czech Republic, the hygiene division of Bochemie,
extending Schtilke’s presence in Eastern Europe and widening
its offer with a range of additional products.

Air Liquide also launched several new Healthcare initiatives in
2015.

™ On the occasion of the Annual International Seminar of
ERS (European Respiratory Society), Air Liquide Healthcare
launched a website entirely dedicated to sleep apnea. As an
important player in the treatment of sleep apnea disorder,
the Group seeks to better inform patients and help them
understand the proposed solutions.

@ VitalAire, a Home Healthcare subsidiary of Air Liquide, opened
Vital’City, a new patient center, in Paris. With Vital’City, VitalAire

* See Blue Hydrogen initiative on p. 55 of Chapter 1.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

is emphasizing its close connections with its patients by
offering a new approach to caring for patients, who will now
have the option of meeting with VitalAire healthcare workers
on site.

NEW PROJECTS IN INNOVATION
AND TECHNOLOGY

The Group continued its developments in Hydrogen mobility.

@ Air Liquide was chosen by FM Logistic, an international
logistics and supply chain group, to provide support for its
projected deployment of hydrogen-powered forklift trucks at
their sites. At its logistics platform near Orléans in France, the
Group installed a hydrogen-charging station which will service
forklifts equipped with hydrogen fuel cell batteries.

@ Inaddition, various investment projects were launched to install
new hydrogen charging stations in Belgium, Denmark, France,
Germany, the United States and Japan. On the occasion of
COP21, Air Liquide installed the first hydrogen-charging station
in Paris. This station will enable the deployment of “hype” in
Paris, the first fleet of hydrogen-powered electric taxis.

Air Liquide, a major player in energy transition, announced that
it had acquired a 5% stake in the capital of Fonroche Biogaz, a
subsidiary of the Fonroche Group, a key player in the production
of renewable energies. In connection with this acquisition, the two
groups plan to pool their skills to develop projects involving the
purification and valorization of biogas for the French market.

Strengthening Air Liquide’s leadership in extreme cryogenics for
major scientific projects, the Group announced the signing of a
new contract with ITER-India for the design and manufacture
of 19 cryogenic lines. This signature completes two contracts
already signed in 2012 and 2013, bringing the total amount
signed by Air Liquide for the ITER project to roughly 250 million
euros. The latter targets development of an experimental reactor
to demonstrate the scientific and technological feasibility of fusion
as a new source of energy.

Air Liquide inaugurated Cryocap™ in France, a unique industrial
installation which enables the capture of CO, released during
hydrogen production via a cryogenic process. After being
purified, the captured CO, can be used to meet a variety of
industrial needs for carbonic gas supply. This innovation is part
of Air Liquide’s Blue Hydrogen) approach which targets gradual
decarbonization of the Group’s production of hydrogen dedicated
to energy applications related to mobility.


--- Page 26 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

BOND ISSUE

To refinance the bonds reaching maturity and fund its development
while benefiting from very attractive market conditions, Air Liquide
issued bonds for a total amount of 988 million euros as of the date
of the issues. Two fixed-rate issues cover maturities between 7
and 10 years and two variable-rates ones between 2 to 3 years.
The major issue was made under the EMTN program for an
amount of 500 million euros with a 10-year maturity and a coupon
of 1.25% p.a.

In addition, one of the issues allowed Air Liquide Finance to
innovate again with the issue of its first Chinese renminbi-
denominated bond on the Taiwanese market (“Formosa Bond”)
for a total of 500 million Chinese renminbi, equivalent to 68 million
euros at the date of the issue. Thus, Air Liquide is the first non-
Taiwanese corporate to issue bonds in Chinese renminbi on this
market.

MAJOR ACQUISITION PROJECT
AND GEOGRAPHIC DEVELOPMENTS

On November 17, 2015, the Group announced the signing of
a merger agreement under which Air Liquide will acquire the
American company Airgas. This game-changing combination will
strengthen Air Liquide’s global leadership, offer new opportunities
to Airgas customers and will ideally position the Group for future
growth with a stronger presence in the American market, the
largest industrial gases market in the world.

2015 Performance

Airgas shareholders, during a special shareholder meeting held
on 23 February 2016, approved the acquisition of Airgas by
Air Liquide (simple majority of the outstanding shares of Airgas
was required). The transaction is subject to receipt of necessary
antitrust and other regulatory approvals and other customary
conditions and provisions. The two parties wish to proceed swiftly.

In addition, during the course of 2015, Air Liquide continued to
expand in new regions:

@ in Turkey, Air Liquide completed the acquisition of the local
subsidiary of the Messer Group. The company, which provides
industrial, medical and specialty gases to various industries,
counts close to 70 employees. It owns and operates an Air
Separation Unit (ASU) for the production of liquid oxygen,
nitrogen, and argon, and 3 cylinder-filling centers. Air Liquide
is now present in the three most important industrial areas of
the country: Ankara, Istanbul and Izmir;

@ Air Liquide has expanded its business to Colombia. Through
a contract with Coca-Cola FEMSA, the largest bottler of
Coca-Cola products in the world and the largest beverage
company in Latin America, Air Liquide will build and operate
a new facility consisting of a carbon dioxide production unit
and a cogeneration unit. This investment of around 40 million
euros marks Air Liquide’s entry into the Colombian industrial
gas market.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 27 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

2015 Income Statement

CURRENCY, ENERGY AND SIGNIFICANT SCOPE IMPACTS

In addition to the comparison of published figures, financial information is given excluding currency, natural gas and electricity price
fluctuations and significant scope impact.

@ Since industrial and medical gases are rarely exported, the impact of currency fluctuations on activity levels and results is limited to
euro translation impacts with respect to the financial statements of subsidiaries located outside the euro zone.

@ In addition, the Group passes on variations in the cost of energy (electricity and natural gas) to its customers via indexed invoicing
integrated into medium and long-term contracts. This indexing can lead to significant variations in sales (mainly in the Large
Industries Business Line) from one period to another depending on fluctuations in prices on the energy market.

An energy impact is calculated based on the sales of each of the main subsidiaries in Large Industries. Their consolidation allows the
determination of the energy impact for the Group as a whole. The foreign exchange rate used is the average annual exchange rate for
the year N-1.

Thus, at the subsidiary level, the following formula provides the energy impact, calculated for natural gas and electricity respectively:
Energy impact = Share of sales indexed to energy year (N-1) x (Price of energy year (N) - Price of energy year (N-1))

Offsetting the impact of variations in energy prices against sales allows the Group to analyze changes in revenue on a comparable basis.
@ The significant scope effect corresponds to the impact on sales of all acquisitions or disposals of a significant size for the Group.

The main impact on revenue in 2015 was:

(in millions of euros) Group Gas & Services
2015 revenue 16,380 14,752
2015/2014 published change (in %) 46.7% +6.9%
Currency impact 915 830
Natural gas impact (362) (362)
Electricity impact (44) (44)
Significant scope impact ie} 10)
2015/2014 comparable change ® (in %) +3.3% +3.8%

(a) Excluding currency, energy, and significant scope impacts.
New activity: Over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015, data concerning Gas & Services sales growth has been restated to factor in the
impact relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GMB&7) activity.

Geography: Middle-East and Africa now includes Inala, previously part of Asia-Pacific. Data over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015 has
been restated accordingly.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 28 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

REVENUE

Revenue
(in millions of euros)

Gas & Services

Engineering & Construction
Global Markets & Technologies
Other activities

TOTAL REVENUE

2015 Performance
2015/2014
2015/2014 comparable
2014 2015 change change
13,800 14,752 +6.9% +3.8%
723 775 47.1% -0.7%
256 292 +14.0% 411.4%
579 561 -3.1% 6.7%
15,358 16,380 +6.7% +3.3%

(a) Excluding currency, energy and significant scope impacts.

New activity: Over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015, data concerning Gas & Services and Engineering & Construction sales growth has
been restated to factor in the impact relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GM&1) activity.

Group

In 2015, Group revenue totaled 16,380 million euros, up +6.7%
as published compared to 2014, boosted by a +6.0% positive
currency impact, which was particularly strong at the beginning
of the year, but penalized by a negative -2.6% energy impact.
Revenue, on a comparable basis (excluding currency, energy
prices and significant scope impacts), increased by +3.3%. There
was no significant scope impact in 2015.

Revenue by quarter

The Group created a new activity, “Global Markets &
Technologies” (GM&q1) at the end of 2015. It includes innovative
activities which leverage from the Group's technologies and
require a global approach. Some aim at developing existing
markets (aerospace, aeronautics, extreme cryogen, etc.) and
others at opening new markets relating to the energy transition
(hydrogen energy, clean transport through Bio-NGVs, etc.). GM&T
will initially serve as an incubator for these new global activities,
on the borders of Air Liquide’s current business. In a second step,
GM&T will support the sales development of these activities, with
the support of the Group’s global presence.

(in millions of euros) Q1 2015 02 2015 03 2015 04 2015
Gas & Services 3,614 3,688 3,682 3,768
Engineering & Construction 177 205 219 174
Global Markets & Technologies 58 74 67 93
Other activities 144 154 129 134
TOTAL REVENUE 3,993 4,121 4,097 4,169
2015/2014 published change +7.0% +9.3% +7.8% +2.9%
2015/2014 comparable change ® +3.0% +3.4% +4.6% +2.4%
2015/2014 Gas & Services comparable change “ +2.4% +3.5% +4.5% +4.8%

(a) Excluding currency, energy and significant scope impacts.

New activity: Over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015, data concerning Gas & Services and Engineering & Construction sales growth has
been restated to factor in the impact relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GM&) activity.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

37


--- Page 29 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

Gas and Services

gas and electricity) and significant scope impacts.

Unless otherwise stated, all the changes in revenue outlined below are on a comparable basis: excluding currency, energy (natural

Gas & Services revenue totaled 14,752 million euros, up +3.8% on a comparable basis. Quarterly sales growth improved during the year.
Revenue was up +6.9% in published data, supported by a positive currency impact of +6.0%, but penalized by a negative energy impact of

-2.9%.

2015/2014
Revenue 2015/2014 comparable
(in millions of euros) 2014 2015 change change
Europe 6,604 6,749 +2.2% +3.4%
Americas 3,384 3,595 +6.2% +0.3%
Asia-Pacific 3,402 3,850 +13.2% +5.7%
Middle-East & Africa 410 558 +36.1% +24.2%
GAS & SERVICES 13,800 14,752 +6.9% +3.8%
Large Industries 4,980 5,201 +4.4% +5.2%
Industrial Merchant 5,016 5,229 +4.3% -1.3%
Healthcare 2,570 2,799 +8.9% 47.5%
Electronics 1,234 1,523 +23.5% +11.5%

(a) Excluding currency, energy and significant scope impacts

New activity: Over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015, data concerning Gas & Services, Industrial Merchant sales growth has been restated to
factor in the impact relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GMA& 7) activity.
Geography: Midale-East and Africa now includes Inala, previously part of Asia-Pacific. Data for full year 2014 and first three quarters of 2015 has been restated

accordingly.

Europe

Revenue in Europe totaled 6,749 million euros, progressing
+3.4% year-on-year. This growth increased in the 2™ half at
+4.8%, in particular driven by Large Industries which benefited
from new start-ups. The Industrial Merchant activity posted
positive growth in the 2" half with a slight increase in liquid gas
volumes, but a slight decrease in cylinder activity. Healthcare
posted dynamic growth.

Europe Gas & Services 2015 Revenue

Electronics
3%

Large Industries
33%

6,749

million euros
Healthcare

33%

Industrial Merchant
31%

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

= Large Industries sales were up +1.9% year-on-year. Growth
in the 2°° half was stronger, close to +5%, driven by the
ramp-up of the Dormagen CO unit in Germany and new
hydrogen units in Benelux. Eastern Europe continued to
expand, particularly in Russia and Poland.

@ Industrial Merchant revenue, down -0.4% year-on-year,
improved steadily and posted positive growth during the
2" half. Performance remained contrasted, with sales up in
Iberia, Benelux and the Nordic countries, and activity down
slightly in France and Germany in particular where liquid
volumes were up but the cylinder activity remained challenging.
Sales continued to improve in developing economies driven by
strong growth in liquid volumes, notably in Russia and Poland.
The price impact was -0.6% for the year against a backdrop of
weak inflation and a drop in prices for clients whose contracts
were indexed to energy costs.


--- Page 30 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

= Healthcare continued its dynamic growth, up +8.4%, driven
by an increase in the number of patients treated in Home
Healthcare and by acquisitions carried out during the year
in Germany, France, Ireland and the Czech Republic. Pricing
pressure continued to affect sales in the Medical gases
for hospitals and Home Healthcare. The Hygiene activity
progressed by +17.1%, the strong organic growth being
assisted by acquisitions.

@ Electronics revenue increased by +11.5% year-on-year,
resulting from sales of equipment and installation, specialty
gases and advanced materials.

Americas

Gas & Services revenue in the Americas amounted to 3,595 million
euros, an increase of +0.3%. While sales declined slightly in
advanced economies, they continued to grow in South America
+11.7%. Large Industries sales were up +2.6%. This growth
accelerated in the 2" half reaching +4.7%. This increase was
partially offset by a weak Industrial Merchant business, impacted
by the slowdown in the oil well services sector and related
industries. Electronics sales growth was not as strong as in 2014
(high comparable basis, particularly in equipment and installation).
Healthcare sales posted dynamic growth, in particular in Home
Healthcare.

Americas Gas & Services 2015 Revenue

Electronics
1%
Large Industries
Healthcare 35%
10%
3,595
million euros

Industrial Merchant)
44%

@ Despite temporary turnarounds at customer sites during the
first quarter, Large Industries sales improved by +2.6% over
the year. In South America, activity continued to grow with the
ramp-ups of units which started-up in 2014, notably in Brazil.

= Industrial Merchant activity declined -3.6%. In North America,
liquid volumes, nitrogen in particular, continued to be affected
by the slowdown in the oil well services sector and related
industries. Cylinder activity, serving mainly craftsmen and small
customers, was also impacted, notably in Canada. Business
slowed in Brazil, where the environment was challenging. The
price impact in the zone was +4.0% year-on-year.

2015 Performance

m= Healthcare revenue increased by +7.1%. The activity
was particularly strong in Canada which benefited from the
integration of several acquisitions in Home Healthcare. In
South America, the number of Home Healthcare patients and
volumes for Medical gases for hospitals rose sharply.

m Electronics sales were up +2.6% in 2015. Growth was
strong in carrier gases, specialty gases and services and
remained very dynamic in advanced materials. Equipment and
installation sales were fairly weak compared with the very high
level seen in 2014.

Asia-Pacific

Revenue in the Asia-Pacific zone increased +5.7% and reached
3,850 million euros, with contrasted growth evolution varying by
country. Electronics continued to improve with sales up +15.1%.
Sales in China increased +11.4% year-on-year. Japanese sales
improved, driven by Electronics.

Asia-Pacific Gas & Services 2015 Revenue

Electronics Large Industries
25% 39%
3,850

Healthcare < million euros
4%
| Merchant
32%

= Large Industries sales increased by +6.0%, driven by the
ramp-ups that started-up in 2014 in China, with the effect
easing toward the end of the year.

m Industrial Merchant revenue was flat at +0.2% with varied
evolution by country. Sales were down in Australia again,
impacted by the weak mining sector, in Singapore, penalized
by the slowdown in the oil business, and in Japan. China
continued to grow with higher volumes but with pricing
pressure. Sales in South-East Asia excluding Singapore
progressed strongly at +7.4%. The price impact was negative
in the zone at -2.0% over the year.

m Electronics sales increased by +15.1% in 2015, with growth
in sales in all countries in the zone. Sales in Japan were up
by more than +18%, benefiting notably from dynamic growth
in advanced materials. China also posted growth of close to
+ 20% and continued to load its carrier gases units.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

39


--- Page 31 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

Middle-East and Africa

Revenue in the Middle-East and Africa zone reached 558 million
euros, up +24.2%, notably due to the start-up of two large
hydrogen production units in Yanbu in Saudi Arabia during the
second quarter. In South Africa, the Industrial Merchant activity
increased in a more difficult environment toward the end of
the year. Healthcare continued to grow, with an increase in the
number of patients treated.

Engineering & Construction

Engineering & Construction revenue totaled 775 million euros,
rather stable at -0.7% compared with 2014.

Total order intake was 0.9 billion euros, a slight decrease as
compared to 2014 and notably as compared with a very high level
in the 4" quarter 2014. The vast majority of projects concerned
air gas production units. The breakdown between Group projects
and those for third-party customers is balanced and reflects a
greater selectivity in projects.

Total orders in hand reached 4.1 billion euros at the end of
December 2015, a decrease compared with the level at the end
of December 2014 (4.8 billion euros).

Revenue
(in milions of euros)

Global Markets & Technologies

Global Markets & Technologies revenue was up +11.4% at
292 million euros. In particular, the sales developed in 2015 with
the integration of the Swedish company FordonGas, acquired
in 2014, a company which distributes Bio- and Natural Gas for
Vehicles (Bio-NGVs). The ITER-project in extreme cryogenics also
contributed to the sales growth increase.

Other Activities

Other Activities revenue declined by -6.7% to 561 million euros
in 2015.

Welding revenue decreased by -8.5%, still impacted by a difficult
environment.

Diving (Aqua Lung™), with strong growth on a published basis,
recorded a drop of -2.9% in sales on a comparable basis due
to the disposal of a non-strategic activity at the end of 2014.
Excluding this disposal, sales were up.

Welding
Diving
TOTAL

(a) Excluding currency, energy and significant scope impacts

RECURRING OPERATING INCOME

Operating income recurring before depreciation and
amortization totaled 4,262 million euros, up +10.1% compared
to 2014 as published and up +4.0% excluding the currency
impact. The pricing effect was globally positive over the period at
+0.3% and resulted from a high level of efficiencies.

For the year, efficiencies amounted to 298 million euros,
exceeding the annual target of more than 250 million euros.
These efficiencies represent a cost savings of 2.4%. Half of
this amount corresponds to the logistics and industrial gains:
particularly in terms of optimization of the operation of production
units connected to the pipeline networks, improvement of plant
reliability, and review of the supply deliveries within the context
of lower consumption for Industrial Merchant customers.
Purchasing efficiencies represent a third of the overall total
efficiencies. For example, the start-up of the hydrogen/CO
production unit in Dormagen allowed for the pipeline network to

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

2015/2014

2015/2014 comparable

2014 2015 change change ©
392 363 -7.5% -8.5%
187 198 +6.3% -2.9%
579 561 -3.1% 6.7%

be supplied with hydrogen, replacing external purchases. The
valuation of the gains on energy purchasing was weaker in 2015
due to low energy prices. The remaining efficiencies include the
effects of the realignment plans decided in 2013 and 2014 and
which contributed 43 million euros of additional gains in 2015 and
181 million euros of cumulative gains, thus a return on investment
of approximately two years.

Depreciation and amortization totaled 1,372 million euros,
up +4.1% excluding the currency impact (+10.7% published),
reflecting the additional growth of the start-up of major production
units during the year.

Group operating income recurring (OIR) reached 2,890 million
euros in 2015, an increase of +9.8% over 2014, or +3.9%
excluding the currency impact, showing a positive leverage to
revenues. Operating margin (OIR to revenue) was up +50 basis
points to 17.6% benefiting from a high level of efficiencies and
a positive energy impact. Excluding the energy impact, the
operating margin was up +10 basis points.


--- Page 32 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Gas & Services

Operating income recurring in the Gas & Services activity
amounted to 2,960 million euros, an increase of +9.7%
compared with the 2014 Gas & Services results restated for
the creation of the new activity GM&T. The OIR margin stood
at 20.1%, compared to 19.5% in 2014. Excluding the energy
impact, the operating margin remained stable.

Increase in costs, excluding energy, was +3.1% in 2015. Prices
continue to rise by +0.3% in a context of low inflation, due to
continuing efforts in Industrial Merchant (+0.6%) and despite
continuing pricing pressure in Healthcare (-1.3%). Furthermore,
efficiencies totaled 266 million euros. A portion was absorbed to
offset the difference between cost inflation and rising prices. The
remaining efficiencies, i.e. retention, helped improve the margin.
The retention rate was 11% for the year.

2015 Performance

Gas & Services 2015 recurring operating income

Middle-East
and Africa
3%

Asia-Pacific
24%
7 2,960

million euros

Europe
45%

Americas /

28%

Gas & Services Operating margin © 2014 2015
Europe 19.9% 19.6%
Americas 22.6% 23.5%
Asia-Pacific 16.3% 18.2%
Middle-East and Africa 15.0% 15.9%
TOTAL 19.5% 20.1%

(@) Operating income recurring/revenue, as published.

New activity: Data over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015 concerning Gas & Services sales growth has been restated to factor in the impact

relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GM&7) activity.

Geography: Midale-East and Africa now includes India, previously part of Asia-Pacific. Data over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015 has been

restated accordingly.

Operating income recurring in Europe reached 1,326 million
euros, an increase of +0.8% compared with 2014. Excluding the
energy impact, the operating margin was down -50 basis points
at 19.4%. It benefited from efficiencies generated from all the
activities and also from the contribution of the realignment plans
decided in 2013. However, it was negatively impacted by the
Healthcare pricing pressures and by the impact of an unfavorable
comparison linked to the reduction in exceptional charges in 2014
following regulatory changes in pension plans in France and the
Netherlands.

Operating income recurring in the Americas amounted to
843 million euros, up +10.1%. The operating margin, excluding
the energy impact and despite a decrease of -50 basis points,
remained nonetheless at a high level of 22.1%. It was affected by
the low volumes in Industrial Merchant, and only partially offset by
the increase in price and the realized efficiencies.

Operating income recurring in the Asia-Pacific zone of
702 million euros increased a significant +26.6%. The operating
margin, excluding the energy effect, was up +130 basis points.
In particular, it benefited from ramp-ups, the development of the
Industrial Merchant business in China and from the Electronics
business in the zone, as well as from the realized efficiencies.

Operating income recurring for Middle-East and Africa
amounted to 89 million euros, a significant growth of +44.2%.
The operating margin, excluding the energy impact, was up
+90 basis points, driven by the start-up of two major hydrogen
production units in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia during the 2"° quarter.

Engineering & Construction

Operating income recurring for Engineering & Construction was
68 million euros and 8.7% as a percentage of revenue, remaining
in line with the Group’s target range of between 5% and 10%.

Global Markets & Technologies

Operating income recurring for Global Markets & Technologies
was 36 million euros and the operating margin was 12.5%,
down from previous year as 2014 had included an exceptional
gain.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

4


--- Page 33 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

Other activities

The Group's Other activities posted operating income recurring
of 34 million euros, a decrease of -3.4%, and the operating
margin remained stable at 6.1%. The negative impact on the
margin from the volume reductions in the Welding business was
offset by the efficiencies generated, particularly by the contribution
of the realignment plans over the last three years.

Research & Development and corporate costs

Research & Development (R&D) and corporate costs included
the consolidation adjustments and reached a total of 207 million
euros, a decrease of -13.8%. The expenses of R&D and
corporate costs are globally stable; the consolidation adjustments
explain the 2015 variation. The development costs of the GM&T
and E&C activities have been integrated in the R&D expenses in
2015 and the retreated amounts for 2014.

NET PROFIT

Other operating income and expenses showed a negative
balance of -132 million euros compared to a positive balance of
+16 million euros in 2014. This amount includes -124 million euros
of exceptional impact from an Engineering & Construction project
in Canada and -13 million euros of Airgas acquisition costs.

The financial expenses of -268 million euros were +6.9%
higher than the expenses of -251 million euros in 2014.

The cost of net indebtedness, down slightly by -0.8%, reflects a
combination of the average cost of net debt down 30 basis points
at 3.7% and an increased level of average net debt over the year,
notably due to an acceleration in bolt-on acquisitions.

Other financial income and expenses increased to
-40.9 million euros compared with -21.7 million euros in 2014.
The amount for 2014 includes the impact of an exceptional item
relating to the partial disposal of a financial stake in a start-up.

Taxes totaled 666 million euros, down -1.8%. The effective tax
rate was 26.8%, lower than the 2014 rate (28.3%). This rate is
due notably to a tax gain resulting from the favorable evolution of
tax audits.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

The share of profit of associates contributed 14.7 million
euros, a sharp increase compared with 4.0 million euros in 2014.
The progression of the results was due to the increase in profit
at several entities. Minority interests also rose by +37.6% to
reach 82.3 million euros, mainly due to the ramp-up of the large
hydrogen units in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia.

Overall, net profit (Group share) amounted to 1,756 million
euros in 2015, up +5.5%, and +10.7% restated with the
exceptional impact on an Engineering & Construction project in
Canada.

Net earnings per share were 5.12 euros, up +5.6% compared
with 4.85 euros per share in 2014. The average number of
outstanding shares used for the calculation of net earnings per
share as of December 31, 2015 was 342,816,961.

Change in the number of shares

2014 2015

Average number of

outstanding shares 343,214,086 342,816,961

(a) Used to calculate earnings per share, 2013 adjusted for free share
attribution on June 2, 2014.

Number of shares as of December 31, 2014 344,872,883
Options exercised during the year,

prior to the free share attribution 790,118
Cancelation of treasury shares (1,500,000)
NUMBER OF SHARES

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015 344,163,001

DIVIDEND

At the Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2016, the payment of a
dividend of 2.60 euros per share will be proposed to shareholders
for fiscal year 2015, which represents an increase of +2.0%. Total
estimated pay-out will amount to 920 million euros representing a
pay-out ratio of 52.4%.

The ex-dividend date is scheduled for May 23, 2016 and the
payment is scheduled from May 25, 2016.


--- Page 34 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

2015 Performance
2015 Cash Flow and Balance Sheet
(in millions of euros) 2014 2015
Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital 2,943 3,149
Change in working capital requirement 74 (259)
Other items (187) (69)
Net cash flow from operating activities 2,830 2,832
Dividends (885) (975)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of disposals ® (1,931) (2,292)
Increase in share capital 60 86
Purchase of treasury shares (116) (178)
Other (202) (405)
Change in net indebtedness (244) (932)
Net indebtedness as of December 31 (6,306) (7,239)
Debt-to-equity ratio as of December 31 53% 57%

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in
working capital requirements amounted to 3,149 million euros,
up +7.0% compared with the previous year.

Net cash from operating activities after changes in working
capital requirements amounted to 2,832 million euros, and was
stable (+0.1%) as compared with 2,830 million in 2014.

CHANGES IN WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENT
The working capital requirements (WCR) increased by

258 million euros in 2015. This performance was penalized by a
currency impact of 39 million euros. The majority of the increase

Group gross capital expenditure

of the WCR is due to higher tax receivables of 138 million euros.
The progression of operating WCR was limited to 120 million
euros, primarily due to the temporary increase in receivables in
North America due to the implementation of a new ERP.

The working capital requirements stood at 7.7% of revenue,

7.5% excluding the currency impact, an increase compared with
the ratio of 6.8% in 2014.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In 2015, gross capital expenditure totaled 2,423 million euros,
including transactions with minority shareholders. This amount
represented 14.8% of sales compared with 14.4% in 2014.

(in millions of euros) Industrial investments Financial investments © Total capex
2010 1,450 332 1,782
2011 1,755 103 1,858
2012 2,008 890 2,898
2013 2,156 401 2,557
2014 1,902 273 2,175
2015 2,028 395 2,423

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 35 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

2015 Performance

Assets disposals, for a total of 131 million euros, included
non-strategic assets of a limited size.

Net capital expenditures, including the buyout of minority
shareholders, amounted to 2,292 million euros.

Gross industrial investments by geographical region

Industrial capital expenditure

Industrial investments amounted to 2,028 million euros in 2015,
up +6.6% as compared to 2014. Excluding currency impact, they
remained stable. Investment decisions are based on a rigorous
assessment of individual projects.

Gas and Services

Middle-East
(in millions of euros) Europe Americas _—_ Asia-Pacific and Africa Total
2014 698 608 372 90 1,768
2015 549 731 475 129 1,884

New activity: Data over the full year 2014 and the first three quarters of 2015 conceming Gas & Services sales growth has been restated to factor in the impact

relating to the creation of the new Global Markets & Technologies (GM&7) activity.

Geography: Middle-East and Africa now includes Inala, previously part of Asia-Pacific. Data for full year 2014 and first three quarters of 2015 has been restated

accordingly.

Financial investments

Financial investments amounted to 384 million euros, and
395 million euros including transactions with minority shareholders.
These investments included the acquisitions of OMT and
Baywater Healthcare Ireland Limited in Home Healthcare, of
Healthcare Antisepsis Solutions in Hygiene, a cryogenic marine
transport company in Global Markets & Technologies, as well as
several bolt-on acquisitions of distributors in Industrial Merchant,
in particular, in developing countries. Disposals of financial
investments totaled 1 million euros.

NET INDEBTEDNESS
Net indebtedness at December 31, 2015 stood at 7,239 million

euros, up 933 million euros compared with the end of 2014,
penalized by a negative currency impact of 306 million euros. The

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

variation compared with 2014 is also due to an increase in change
in working capital requirements, higher financial acquisitions net
of disposals and an exceptional impact linked to an Engineering &
Construction project in Canada.

The debt-to-equity ratio remained moderate at 57%.

ROCE

The return on capital employed after tax was 10.3% versus 10.8%
at the end of 2014, negatively affected by the exceptional impact
on an Engineering & Construction project in Canada. Excluding
this impact, adjusted ROCE was stable at 10.8%.

In addition, value creation, reflected by the difference between
return on capital employed and the average cost of capital,
reached 500 basis points at the end of 2015.


--- Page 36 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Investment cycle and financing strategy

© INVESTMENT CYCLE AND FINANCING STRATEGY

The Group’s steady long-term growth is largely due to its ability to invest in new projects each year. Investment projects in the industrial
gas business are spread throughout the world, highly capital intensive and supported by long-term contracts, particularly for Large
Industries. Air Liquide has thus tailored its financing strategy to the nature of its projects, based on the diversification of funding sources,
the prudent management of the balance sheet and innovative finance sourcing. This financing strategy is fundamental for the Group’s

continued development.

Investments

OVERVIEW

The Group’s investments reflect its growth strategy.
They can be classified into two categories:

@ industrial investments, which bolster organic growth or
guarantee the efficiency, maintenance or safety of installations;

@ financial investments, which strengthen existing positions, or
accelerate penetration into a new region or business segment
through the acquisition of existing companies or assets already
in operation.

The nature of the industrial investment differs from one World
Business Line to the next: from gas production units for Large
Industries, to filling centers, logistics equipment, storage facilities
and management systems for Industrial Merchant, Electronics
and Healthcare. Capital intensity varies greatly from one activity
to another.

Capital intensity

Capital intensity is the ratio of capital required to generate one
euro of supplementary revenue, when projects or activities
reach maturity. This capital is either invested in industrial assets
(production units, storage facilities, logistics equipment, etc.),
or used as working capital to finance the development of the
activities.

Capital intensity varies significantly from one business line to
another:

@ In Large Industries:

- Air gases production has a capital intensity of between 2
and 3. It varies with the trend in electricity prices,

- Hydrogen and cogeneration have a lower capital intensity
of between 1 and 1.5, due to a relatively high proportion of
natural gas in the cost of sales. This capital intensity varies
with the trend in natural gas prices;

@ Industrial Merchant capital intensity to launch the activity in a
new market is between 1.5 and 2;

@ Electronics has an average capital intensity close to 1;

@ Healthcare has a capital intensity, excluding acquisitions, of
around 1 depending on the product mix.

Whatever the capital intensity, any project must enable the Group
to achieve its return on capital employed (ROCE) objective over
the long term.

Because of the differences in capital intensity among the various
Group activities, OIR margins will vary accordingly.

The Group's capital intensity varies depending on the activity mix,
project type and the price of raw materials.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 37 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The theoretical lifespan of a contract in Large Industries

Long-term development is one of the key characteristics of the industrial gas business. It is particularly evident in the investment cycle,
where there is approximately a five-year span between the study of a new construction project for a Large Industries customer and the
first corresponding industrial gas sales. Monitoring this cycle is essential to anticipating the Group’s future growth. The following

chart sets out each stage in this process.

INVESTMENT CYCLE OF A LARGE INDUSTRIES CONTRACT

Opportunities > Signature » Construction > Revenue
under negotiation
° * ° *
12-month portfolio Investment Net capex Start-ups
of opportunities decisions and ramp-ups
100 100 100
50 50 50 50
40
30
2009 2010 2010 2011-2012 2013 20142015
5-7 years
Applying a theoretical capital intensity of 2, an investment of 100 million euros in a new project should generate 50 million euros of sales per annum,
fully ramped-up.

= Identification and Negotiation phase: The project is
registered in the portfolio of investment opportunities and
enters into the development process. Projects exceeding
5 million euros of investment are monitored within the portfolio
of potential opportunities and split between those for which a
decision is expected within 12 months and those for which the
investment decision will take more than one year. Projects are
then discussed and negotiated with the customer. Contracts
can be removed from the portfolio for several reasons:

1. The contract is signed, it is removed from the portfolio and
therefore becomes an investment decision;

2. The project is abandoned by the customer;

3. The customer decides against an over-the-fence gas
supply, or the project is awarded to a competitor;

4. The project is delayed beyond 12 months: it is removed
from the 12-month portfolio but remains in the long-term
portfolio.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

@ Signature phase: the two parties reach an agreement. The
signing of a long-term contract represents the business entity’s
commitment to an investment decision, once validated by
the internal governance bodies. The project is removed from
the portfolio of investment opportunities and is registered in
current investments.

= Construction phase: The construction of the unit generally
takes between 12 and 24 months and sometimes up to
36 months depending on the size of the project. This is the
capital expenditure period The project remains in current
investments.

m Revenue phase:

1. Commissioning: the unit starts up. Sales begin according
to the needs of the customer and with a guaranteed
minimum volume at the take-or-pay level, guaranteeing
minimum profitability from the beginning of the contract;

2. Ramp-up: this is the unit's ramp-up phase. Over the
course of the contract term, volumes increase above the
take-or-pay level to the nominal amount defined in the
contract. Nominal capital intensity is achieved at the end
of this phase.


--- Page 38 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Governance for a Large Industries project

Three Air Liquide entities are at the heart of a Large Industries
customer project, from development through to its execution.

Technology & Execution

Engineering
&

Construction

Customer

Technical
Standards
Markets

Best practices

Investing
subsidiary

Business
line

Delivery

The Large Industries World Business Line ensures the global
customer relationship, provides the required know-how and
ensures the overall consistency of the project, in terms of both
contract and technical standards. It is also responsible for good
internal governance practices.

The local subsidiary proposes the development project and,
once the contract has been signed, carries the investment on
its balance sheet. It is then responsible for operations, customer
relations and the project's financial profitability.

Investment cycle and financing strategy

Engineering & Construction provides the technologies and
guarantees that they are competitive, both overall and specifically
for each project, thanks to a good industrial architecture solution.
Engineering & Construction is responsible for the technical part of
the execution of the project.

Potential projects are identified well in advance, based on good
market knowledge and a strong local presence. The first stage
includes selecting the opportunities in which the Group would like
to invest both commercial and technical resources, in line with its
global strategy. This selection process is followed by a series of
validation stages.

During the development stage, the project is submitted for the
approval of the geographic region on which it depends. At the
Group level, two major bodies validate the relevance of the project:
the RIC (Resources and Investment Committee — see below), and
the ERC (Engineering Risk Committee) which is responsible for
assessing technical and execution risk.

Once the project has been validated through the decision
process, approved by Air Liquide and signed with the customer,
it is executed by a team composed of representatives of the
investing subsidiary and of Engineering & Construction, under the
supervision of the geographic region.

The type, complexity, geography and size of investment
opportunities have changed significantly during recent years.
A dedicated CIG (Capital Implementation Group) made up of
experts strengthens the team in charge of executing investments.

THE RESOURCES AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

An investment decision amounting to over 5 million euros is subject to a precise evaluation and authorization process, undertaken at
Group level by the Resources and Investment Committee (RIC). Each meeting is chaired by the Executive Committee member in charge
of the World Business Line concerned and brings together the Director of the activity and regions affected by the investment, the Chief
Financial Officer or the Finance and Operations Control Director, as well as the Group Human Resources Director (when HR subjects
are examined).

The decision is based on a rigorous assessment of individual projects as well as each project’s expected profitability. The following
criteria are systematically reviewed:

@ The location of the project: the analysis will take into account whether the project is based in an industrial basin with high potential,
whether it is connected to an existing pipeline network, or whether it is in an isolated location;

m The competitiveness of the customer's site: based on size, production process, cost of raw materials and access to markets;
m Customer risk;

= Contract clauses;

@ End products and the stability of future demand for these products;

= Quality of the technical solution;

m= Country risk: evaluated on a case-by-case basis and can lead to changes in the financing policy and supplementary insurance
cover;

= Corporate Social Responsibility criteria, in particular relating to greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, and relations with
local communities.

Following approval by the RIC and signing with the customer, the project is transferred to the Current investment category.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

47


--- Page 39 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

During the start-up of a unit, responsibility for the project is
transferred to the local operational teams, under strict standards
to ensure the site’s security and integrity. The local subsidiary
manages the unit, and the financial performance review is
undertaken by the Group and Regions Operations Control.

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES

As of December 31, 2015, the 12-month portfolio of opportunities
totaled 2.6 billion euros, down 600 million euros compared to year
end 2014. This evolution is due to a high level of new investment
decisions in 2015 which exited the portfolio of opportunities.

INVESTMENT CYCLE DEFINITIONS

Other exits, such as abandoned or delayed projects, are currently
in line with the usual changes observed. The number of new
opportunities is slightly down.

Developing economies represented 54% of the portfolio, a decline
compared with the breakdown as of December 31, 2014. The
projects were spread over the Group’s four geographic zones.
The share of projects in Asia remained the highest, even if it
declined notably following decisions taken in the 4" quarter. The
share of projects in North America and Europe were equal.

The portfolio of opportunities now includes a majority of
investments inferior to 50 million euros.

Investment opportunities at the end of the period

Decisions during the period

Current investments at the end of the period

Future revenue

Cumulative value of investment opportunities taken into account by the Group for a decision within the next 12 months. Industrial
projects generating revenue of >5 million euros for Large Industries and >3 million euros for other business lines. Includes replacement
assets and efficiency projects. Excludes maintenance and security-related investments.

Cumulative value of industrial and financial investment decisions. Growth and non-growth industrial projects, including replacement,
efficiency, maintenance and security assets. Financial decisions (acquisitions).

Cumulative value of investments for G&S projects that have been decided but not yet started up. Gas & Services industrial projects of
>10 million euros, including replacement assets and efficiency projects, excluding maintenance and security, alone.

Cumulative value of forecast annual revenue, generated by current investments at the end of the period, fully ramped-up.

(a) Different from construction in progress (see note 12.1 to the consolidated financial statements on page 232) without threshold or activity criteria.

INVESTMENT DECISIONS
AND INVESTMENT BACKLOG

In 2015, industrial and financial investment decisions taken by
the Group reached 2.4 billion euros. Three-quarters of these
decisions relate to growth projects.

Industrial investment decisions in 2015 were stable compared
with 2014. Large Industries represented approximately one-third
of investment decisions, with Industrial Merchant accounting for
a quarter and Healthcare for approximately one-fifth. Electronics,
Global Markets & Technologies and Other activities accounted for
the remainder.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Industrial decisions were spread across all zones. The share of
decisions in Middle-East and Africa increased, in particular due to
the signing of the Sasol project in South Africa.


--- Page 40 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Financial investment decisions reached some 500 million euros
in 2015, an increase of 300 million euros as compared with
2014. These are in line with financial capital expenditure and
include the acquisitions of OMT and Baywater Healthcare Ireland
Limited in Home Healthcare, of Healthcare Antisepsis Solutions
in Hygiene, a cryogenic marine transport company in Global
Markets & Technologies, as well as several bolt-on acquisitions
of distributors in Industrial Merchant, in particular in developing
countries.

Investment decisions

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The total investment backlog amounted to 2.3 billion euros, a
decrease compared with the end of 2014. This reduction is due,
in part, to the impact of major start-ups during the year with
the large hydrogen production units in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia and
Dormagen, Germany. The investment backlog should lead to a
future contribution to revenue of approximately 1 billion euros per
year after full ramp-ups.

Industrial investment Financial investment
(in billions of euros) decisions decisions (acquisitions) —_ Total investment decisions
2011 1.9 0.1 2.0
2012 2.0 0.9 2.9
2013 2.2 0.5 2.7
2014 1.9 0.2 21
2015 1.9 0.5 2.4
START-UPS The start-ups of 2015 were mainly located in developing

In 2015, 19 units were commissioned, a similar level to that seen
in 2014. The year saw, in particular, the start-up of the largest
hydrogen production site in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia, increasing the
Group's hydrogen production capacity by +25%.

Financing strategy

The Group’s financing strategy is regularly reviewed to provide
support to the Group’s development and take into account
changes in financial market conditions, while respecting a credit
profile aligned with Standard & Poor's long-term minimum “A”
rating and two short-term “A2/P2” ratings. This credit profile
depends on key ratios such as net debt to equity and cash flow
from operations before change in working capital requirements
to net debt.

Air Liquide’s “A+” rating was placed on negative watch by Standard
& Poor's on November 20, 2015, following the announcement of
the signing of the merger agreement with U.S. company Airgas.
In its press release, Standard & Poor's expects, as the most likely
scenario, to downgrade the long-term rating to “A-”.

economies (Saudi Arabia, China). Many of the start-ups were air
gas production units for the chemicals and energy conversion
markets. Several of the start-ups in the Asia-Pacific zone were
units for the Electronics activity.

In 2015, the existing principles of prudence were maintained:

® diversifying financing sources and debt maturities in order to
minimize refinancing risk;

@ backing commercial paper issues with confirmed credit
facilities;

@ hedging interest rate risk to ensure visibility of funding costs, in
line with long-term investment decisions;

@ funding investments in the currency of the operating cash
flows, to ensure a natural currency hedging;

™ apermanent centralization of funding and excess cash through
Air Liquide Finance, a wholly owned entity of L'Air Liquide S.A.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

49


--- Page 41 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

DIVERSIFYING FUNDING SOURCES

Air Liquide diversifies its financing sources by accessing various
debt markets: commercial paper, bonds and banks, and asset
securitization.

Air Liquide uses the short-term commercial paper market:
in France, through two French Commercial Paper programs
allowing up to an outstanding maximum of 3 billion euros; and
in the United States through a US Commercial Paper program
(USCP) allowing up to an outstanding maximum of 1.5 billion US
dollars.

Air Liquide also has a Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) program
to issue long-term bonds of up to an outstanding maximum
amount of 9 billion euros. At the end of 2015, outstanding bonds
issued under this program amounted to 5.1 billion euros (nominal
amount). The Group’s EMTN program allows, in particular, for
bonds to be issued in the primary currencies (euro, US dollar,
Japanese yen) as well as in other currencies (Chinese renminbi,
Swiss franc, pound sterling and ruble).

Thus, in 2015, the Group conducted four bond issues under
its EMTN program — two public issues for a total amount of
571 million euros and two through private placement for a total of
420 million euros, in order to finance its investments.

As of December 31, 2015, the funding via capital markets
accounts for more than 80% of the Group’s total gross debt, with
an amount of bonds outstanding of 6.1 billion euros across all
programs and 0.9 billion euros of commercial paper.

The Group also raises funds through bank debt (loans and credit
facilities).

To avoid liquidity risk relating to the renewal of funding at maturity,
and in accordance with the Group's internal policy, the Group
aims to limit its short-term debt maturities to 2.6 billion euros,
an amount which is covered by committed credit facilities. At
December 31, 2015, the amount of debt maturing in 2016 was
equal to 1.9 billion euros.

In addition, the Group has a 1.3 billion euro syndicated credit
facility reaching maturity in November 2020 after the exercise of
both one-year extension options.

At December 31, 2015 the total amount of undrawn committed
syndicated and bilateral credit facilities was 2.57 billion euros.

In December 2015, following the merger agreement with Airgas,
Air Liquide signed a bridge loan of 12 billion US dollars, and
intends to refinance through a capital increase of between 3 and
4 billion euros, with retention of preferential subscription rights,
and long-term bond issues in US dollars and euros.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

Net indebtedness by currency

2014 2015
Euro 25% 24%
US dollar 40% 44%
Japanese yen 11% 9%
Chinese renminbi 14% 12%
Other 10% 11%
TOTAL 100% 100%

Investments are essentially funded in the currency in which the
cash flows are generated, creating a natural currency hedge.
Thus, Air Liquide’s debt is thus mainly in euro, US dollar, Japanese
yen and Chinese renminbi, which reflects the significant weight of
these currencies in the Group's investments and cash flow.

The breakdown of debt by currency was impacted by the
depreciation of the euro, at the end of the year, and the increase
in debt. The share of the Group net indebtedness denominated
in US dollars increased markedly due to the combined effect of
the currency impact and the funding of industrial investments in
the dollar area. Indebtedness denominated in Japanese yen and
Chinese renminbi was stable, and the share denominated in euro
decreased.

CENTRALIZATION OF FUNDING
AND EXCESS CASH

To benefit from economies of scale and facilitate capital markets
financing (bonds and commercial paper), the Group uses a
dedicated subsidiary, Air Liquide Finance. At December 31,
2015, this subsidiary centralized the vast majority of the Group’s
financing transactions. This centralization continued in 2015,
notably for the financing of investments in Asia-Pacific and the
Americas zones. It also hedges currency, interest rate and energy
risk for the Group's subsidiaries in those countries where it is
permitted by law.

In the countries where it is permitted by law, Air Liquide Finance
also centralizes cash flow balances through direct or indirect daily
cashpooling of these outstandings or through term loans. When
this is not possible, there are nonetheless domestic cashpoolings,
allowing periodic intercompany loans to Air Liquide Finance. In
2015, Air Liquide became the first French company to include the
Chinese renminbi in its daily cashpooling in Europe.

As of December 31, 2015, Air Liquide Finance had granted,
directly or indirectly, the equivalent of 10.2 billion euros in loans
and received 4.2 billion euros in excess cash as deposits. These
transactions were denominated in 24 currencies (primarily the
euro, US dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, pound sterling,
Swiss franc, Singaporean dollar and Brazilian real) and extended
to approximately 240 subsidiaries.


--- Page 42 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

The matching by currency within Air Liquide Finance, resulting
from the currency hedging of intra-group loans and borrowings,
does not generate foreign exchange risk for the Group.

Furthermore, the purpose of the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) covering OTC (“Over the Counter”) derivatives
is to improve the transparency of OTC markets and reduce
the systemic risk of financial markets. It applies to all derivative
transactions carried out by European Union entities.

Pursuant to this regulation which came into force in August 2012,
Air Liquide Finance S.A., the Group's centralizing entity for
financial transactions continues to be classified as a non-financial
counterparty (NFC-), since the transactions were still below
the clearing thresholds at the year-end 2015. Its obligations
consist thus to apply risk mitigation measures and report all its
derivative transactions to the chosen trade repository, “DTCC”, in
accordance with the technical standards published by ESMA. The
mandatory reporting arising from the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act of the
U.S. is also centralized via the “DTCC”.

Furthermore, in certain specific cases (e.g. regulatory constraints,
high country risk, joint ventures), the Group limits its risk by setting
up specific finance in the local banking market, and by using
credit-risk insurance.

DEBT MATURITY AND SCHEDULE

To minimize the refinancing risk related to debt maturity schedules,
the Group diversifies financing sources and spreads maturities
over several years. This refinancing risk is also reduced by the
regularity of the cash flow generated from Group activities.

The average of the Group’s debt maturity is 5.0 years, at
December 31, 2015.

The following chart represents the Group's debt maturity schedule.
The single largest annual maturity represents approximately 23%
of gross debt.

Investment cycle and financing strategy

Debt maturity schedule (in mitions of euros)

>2025 M5] 07

2025

2024 36.7

2023
2022 EN 45.9

2021 SEWN 47.9

2020 EEE 68.6

2019 (ERS 109.2

2018 131.4
2017 iPS 193.3

2016 443.0
L L L i L i i

0 200 400 600 800 1,000 1,200 1,400 1,600 1,800 2,000
m Bond and private placements
mi Bank debt and finance leases
Commercial paper
m Commercial paper in US dollar

CHANGE IN NET INDEBTEDNESS

Net indebtedness at December 31, 2015 stood at 7,239 million
euros, up 933 million euros compared with the end of 2014,
affected by a negative currency impact of 306 million euros. The
variation compared with 2014 is also due to an increase in change
in working capital requirements, higher financial acquisitions net
of disposals and an exceptional impact on an Engineering &
Construction project in Canada.

Net indebtedness as of December 31

8,000 100
57%

7,000

L 80
6,000

63% 55% 93%

5,000 | 60
4,000
3,000 p“
2,000

L20
1,000

0

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015

I Net indebtness (m€) —*- Net indebtness/equity ratio (in %)
(mé@ quity ratio (in %)

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

51


--- Page 43 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The net debt-to-equity ratio remained moderate at 57% at the end
of 2015 (compared with 53% at the end of 2014). This evolution is
due to continued Group investments to ensure its future growth,
the increase in working capital requirements generated by a
temporary rise in taxes and receivables in North America following
the implementation of a new ERP. Finally, the currency impact
was also unfavorable. The equivalent ratio calculated using the
US method: net indebtedness/(net indebtedness + shareholders’
equity) reached 36% at the end of 2015, compared to 35% at
the end of 2014. The financial expenses coverage ratio (operating
income + share of profit of associates)/(net finance costs) stood
at 12.2 in 2015 compared with 11.6 in 2014.

The average cost of gross indebtedness was down, in 2015, due
to the reduction in financial expenses on long-term bond issues
and the increasing use of funding by commercial paper.

The average cost of net indebtedness was 3.7% in 2015, also
down compared with 2014 (4.0%). Cost of net indebtedness
is calculated by dividing net finance costs for the fiscal year

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

(290.0 million euros in 2015, excluding capitalized interest) by the
year’s average outstanding net indebtedness.

BANK GUARANTEES

In connection with its Engineering & Construction activity, the
subsidiaries of the Group sometimes grant bank guarantees to
customers, during the tender period (bid bond), and after contract
award, during contract execution until the end of the warranty
period (advance payment bond, retention bond, performance
bond, and warranty bond)

The most common bank guarantees extended to customers
to secure the contractual performance are advance payment
guarantees and performance guarantees.

The projects, for which these guarantees are granted, are regularly
reviewed by Management and, accordingly, when guarantee
payment calls become probable, the necessary provisions are
recorded in the consolidated financial statements


--- Page 44 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

© INNOVATION

Innovation

Innovation is one of the pillars of the Group’s strategy. Innovating enables Air Liquide to ensure its competitiveness, open up new

markets and to create new growth opportunities.

Innovation to support competitiveness and growth

The Group's innovation expenses amounted to 282 million euros
in 2015. This amount is slightly higher than that of the past five
years. Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD definition,
namely research and development, market launch and marketing
expenses for new offers and products.

The number of patented new inventions reflects in particular the
Group's innovation capacity. In 2015, over 270 new inventions
were protected.

Air Liquide has a portfolio of 3,200 inventions protected by
10,600 patents.

Almost 6,200 employees contribute to the Group's innovation
process; these employees belong to the following entities:

® technology: nine Research & Development sites in Europe, the
United States, and Asia, advanced Business & Technologies in
12 countries, and 15 centers for Engineering & Construction;

@ marketing and market launch: the World Business Lines and in
particular the new Global Markets & Technologies business unit,
11 ALTEC technical centers, which develop gas application
technologies for numerous industrial and customer processes,
two centers of excellence — one dedicated to gas packaging
for Industry and Health, the other to cryogenic production
technologies — as well as centers of excellence in Hygiene,
Specialty Ingredients, Advanced materials in Electronics, etc.

The operational teams in the 80 countries where the Group
operates are responsible for rolling out innovations on a local basis
as soon as they come on to the market. They also contribute to
incremental innovation on the ground.

Air Liquide’s innovation approach is based on three elements: in-
depth scientific knowledge of around twelve molecules (including
oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen, and carbon dioxide) which define the
Group’s scientific territory, the capacity to develop and implement
new technologies, and a strong understanding of its customers’
and patients’ new usages. It combines science and technology
expertise with the entrepreneurial spirit of its employees.

The Group innovates in three areas:

@ its core business, based on team expertise. This means
that the Group improves its oxygen or hydrogen production

technologies every year, in order to reduce energy consumption
and polluting emissions. In the healthcare and industry sectors,
it includes digital and additive manufacturing tools (3D printing)
to bring higher value-added offers to the market;

@ in adjacent businesses: the teams require audacity in order
to go beyond the traditional frontiers. They are opening up new
markets such as biogas and Bio-Natural Gas Vehicle (Bio-
NGV), mobile refrigeration with nitrogen for fresh produce, or
are rolling out a new product and services offering for offshore
oil platforms and vessels;

@ the transformational businesses: the intuition of employees
enables the Group to explore these markets, which have the
potential to transform people's lives. For instance, Air Liquide
is one of the most active players in the hydrogen energy
market, which is currently seeing the first infrastructure roll-
outs following a decade of effort.

In 2015, Air Liquide continued to strengthen its innovation
approach, relying on science and technology (role of Research
& Development, of the Engineering & Construction activity and
the centers of expertise), on Global Markets & Technologies
and the World Business Lines to develop entrepreneurial spirit
and new markets, on its i-Lab (innovation Lab) to boost open
innovation and on ALIAD, its investment vehicle in technology
start-ups

m R&D has created m-Lab (molecule-Lab) an open scientific
community dedicated to “Essential Small Molecules”, such
as oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen and carbon dioxide, which
embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory. They have an extremely
wide variety of physical and chemical properties which
make them essential to life, matter and energy. Reinforcing
its focus on science to accelerate innovation, the Group
launched the “Air Liquide Essential Molecules Challenge”,
open to academic teams, private Research & Development
departments, start-ups, and private or public institutes who
are invited to submit scientific research projects on three
topics related to societal and environmental challenges. An
Air Liquide Scientific Award of 50,000 euros will be granted to
each winner in September 2016. Air Liquide will further fund up
to 1.5 million euros in joint collaborations with the winners to
transform their scientific proposals into market technologies.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 45 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

= The new Global Markets & Technologies business unit
focuses on new markets requiring a global approach,
leveraging science, technologies, business models, and digital
usages. It includes: i) advanced Business & Technologies —
aB8rT, in charge of opening new markets relating to the energy
transition and developing the Space, Aerospace and extreme
cryogenics businesses based on its core technologies; and
ii) Air Liquide Maritime, in charge of developing gas usages
by the actors in the maritime sector, such as offshore oil
and gas platforms, offshore wind turbines, and the cryogenic
transportation by sea of high value-added molecules.

In 2015, the advanced Business & Technologies teams
continued the roll-out of new hydrogen charging stations in
Europe and Japan, contributed to major scientific projects
(ITER, JT 60) and continued to develop the new energies
activity, in particular in biogas.

The maritime sector is a new market for Air Liquide, adjacent
to its core business. In 2015, Air Liquide launched Quad+,
innovative gas cylinder equipment used in particular for
construction and maintenance work on offshore oil platforms.

@ The Healthcare World Business Line identifies and analyzes
the latest trends in order to adapt and develop its business
model and ensure its implementation. Together with its medical
R&D team, it has continued with its pre-clinical and clinical
trials so as to identify new applications for certain medical
gases. Faced with the challenges relating to the management
and cost control of chronic diseases, the Healthcare World
Business Line has continued to innovate in e-healthcare.
In order to facilitate the implementation and monitoring of
patients’ treatment, it has developed digital tools for assisting
doctors with prescriptions and information for patients, in
particular those suffering from sleep apnea.

= The Group’s other World Business Lines also contribute to
innovation to strengthen the competitiveness of the Group’s
offers (reliability in Large Industries, services in Electronics and
Industrial Merchant, etc.) or open new markets.

@ The i-lab, innovation lab, helps accelerate the pace of the
Group’s innovation and explore new markets. It develops
new offers, products and technologies in partnership with
the Group’s innovation entities and World Business Lines.
Based in Paris, France, the i-lab is both a think-tank and a
venue for experimentation in new ideas for Air Liquide. It
investigates new usages, tests new offers and validates their
economic viability. It is permanently connected to the global
innovation ecosystem, to boost open innovation. In 2015, the

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

i-Lab focused on the “Breathe in the City” theme, identified
as a growth opportunity for Air Liquide. Enjoying good air
quality both indoors and outdoors will become a major social
challenge. This is already the case in certain megacities in Asia,
Latin America and Europe.

ALIAD’s role is to invest in minority stakes in start-ups,
in order to promote the Group’s access to technological
innovations developed outside the Group. It encourages the
setting up of R&D and/or business agreements between
the start-ups in its portfolio and the Group's entities. The
target sectors for these investments are energy transition,
management of natural resources, healthcare technologies,
digital technologies and electronics.

In 2015, ALIAD invested in: Avenisense, which has developed
embedded and intelligent micro-sensors for measuring the
density and viscosity of gases and liquids; Ergosup, which
is developing an innovative technology to store and convert
electricity into high-pressure hydrogen; Orcan, a_start-
up based in Munich's innovation ecosystem in Germany,
specialized in the generation of electricity from industrial
waste heat; Sigfox, which is rolling out its narrowband/low
consumption cellular networks in Europe, contributing to the
growth of the Internet of Things and machine-to-machine
communications; Apix, which is developing a nanotechnology
for gas analysis; and Cellnovo, which has developed and
marketed a new generation of insulin pumps that help make
life easier for patients with type 1 diabetes.

Digital transformation presents innovation and growth
opportunities for the Group. New infrastructures, technologies
and Internet of Things allow the Group to offer products and
services to its customers and patients that will transform their
user experience, by making it unique. Air Liquide has more
than 180,000 connected devices: in healthcare (observance
of treatments from patients with sleep apnea), in industrial
gases (storage) and in new markets (hydrogen charging
stations); the Group permanently monitors 450,000 points in
400 gas production units.

To accelerate its digital transformation, Air Liquide created a
“Digital Transformation” project in 2015, driven by the Head
of R&D in close collaboration with the Group's Industrial IT
and Information Systems teams. It identified over 200 digital
initiatives within the Group (Big data, the Internet of Things,
communities, customer service portals, mobility and continuous
connectivity, augmented reality, additive manufacturing, etc.)
and defined the Group’s digital transformation strategy.


--- Page 46 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

In 2015, Air Liquide continued to invest in new innovation
centers. Following the decision to invest almost 100 million
euros in France to boost innovation, the Group created two new
innovation centers in 2015:

m the Gas Packaging Center, based in the Paris-Saclay
Research Center, aims to develop and industrialize new
cylinders for industry and healthcare that are easy to use,
easily traceable, safe and integrate digital technologies and
new materials. The objective is to launch new offers with a
faster time-to-market;

m the Cryogenic Technologies Center, located at Vitry-sur-
Seine, France, hosted by the Engineering & Construction activity,
is responsible for incubating innovative oxygen and air gas
production technologies, testing and industrializing innovative
prototypes and “First-of-Its-Kind”.

The Group completed the construction of a new Research &
Technology Center in Shanghai, located in the Xinzhuang

Innovation for society

Almost 60% of the Group’s innovation expenses in 2015 are
related to protecting life and the environment.

Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD definition, namely
research and development, market launch and marketing
expenses for new offers and products.

Work related to preserving the environment mainly included:

@ new technology research and development programs which
improve the energy efficiency of the Group’s production
units, thus reducing the environmental footprint of the Group's
activities and improving that of its customers and partners;

@ research into the efficiency of oxy-combustion for both
Air Liquide and its customers;

® all hydrogen production and distribution processes, from
desulfurizing hydrocarbons in refineries to accompanying the
deployment of hydrogen energy;

® capturing and recovering CO,;

THE BLUE HYDROGEN? INITIATIVE

Innovation

industrial park, China, and completed studies relating to the
modernization of its Paris-Saclay Research Center, near
Versailles, France. These investments in infrastructures dedicated
to innovation are not included in innovation expenses (282 million
euros).

Within Engineering & Construction, the manufacturing center
for the Group's Air Separation Units in Ras-al-Khaimah,
United Arab Emirates, opened in December 2014, started its
activities. This center complements, in terms of both geography
and technology, the Group’s other two manufacturing centers in
France and China.

In addition, to coincide with COP21 which took place in France,
Air Liquide launched Cryocap™, which enables the capture
of CO, released during hydrogen production via a cryogenic
process. Located at Air Liquide’s largest hydrogen production unit
in France, in Port-Jér6me, Normandy, Cryocap™ represents an
investment of around 30 million euros, decided on by the Group
in 2012.

@ second generation biofuels;

@ biomass valorization and purification of biogas for sale in
the form of Bio-Natural Gas injected into natural gas networks
for consumers’ domestic needs or as Bio-NGV for clean
transformation;

@ the production and implementation of gas for photovoltaic
cells;

® work on mobile refrigeration with liquid nitrogen to transport
fresh produce;

™ recycling gases in the industrial processes of the Group and
its customers.

Innovation in healthcare and hygiene included:

™ research in medical gases, in particular into anesthesia,
analgesia and respiratory diseases;

@ work on hygiene and _ sterilization products to combat
nosocomial infections;

@ the development of adjuvants for vaccines.

combining:
@ the reforming of biogas;

@ the use of renewable energies in water electrolysis;

Blue Hydrogen is an Air Liquide initiative that aims to gradually lower the carbon content of its hydrogen production dedicated to energy
applications. 95% of the hydrogen that the Group produces is currently from natural gas. Air Liquide is committing to increasing by 2020
the percentage of hydrogen produced for these applications from carbon-free processes, i.e. sources that emit no CO,. The Group’s
objective is to produce at least 50% of the hydrogen required by hydrogen energy applications from carbon-free energy sources, by

m the technologies to capture and re-use carbon from the CO, emitted during the production of hydrogen from natural gas.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 47 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

Recognizing the teams that contribute to innovation

The inventiveness of the teams that interact with customers and
patients on a day-to-day basis enables the Air Liquide Group to
constantly reinvent its business, and to anticipate the challenges
of its markets. The Group has not only implemented internal
programs to encourage and recognize the talent and expertise of
its experts that contribute to innovation, but also, since 2014, the
talent of its internal entrepreneurs.

The recognition of technical expertise is a key factor for
innovation. In 2008, Air Liquide launched Technical Community
Leaders (TCL), a promotion and recognition program for
the technical field and for the expertise of Group employees.
Since TCL was created, more than 3,000 experts have been
recognized, thus playing a key role in sharing expertise, knowledge
and technical excellence. In 2015, two International Fellows,
17 International Senior Experts and 75 International Experts from
very diverse regions of the world (Europe, Asia-Pacific, North and
South America) received recognition. An event to celebrate these
new experts was organized in 2015, in Paris, Houston, Frankfurt
and Shanghai.

This community of the Group’s technology experts contributes
to the transfer of technical know-how, to the sharing of best
practices, and to the long-term development of the skills that
Air Liquide will need in the future. This is carried out in close
collaboration with the World Business Lines and R&D which run
the communities of experts.

The Group’s Inventors Recognition Program, #invent, rewards
the inventors who are responsible for patents that are successfully
marketed, or that give Air Liquide a competitive advantage. A
trophy is awarded for the best invention of the year, selected

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

among the patent registrations filed within each World Business
Line in the past two years, and a bonus to inventors as soon as a
patent is delivered. This program ensures greater responsiveness
for rewarding inventors, and better monitoring of inventions.
Almost 3,000 rewards have been awarded to inventors employed
by Air Liquide since 1997. Air Liquide’s portfolio contains over
10,000 patents, and the Group applies for the registration of
around 300 new patents every year.

These patents are not only from inventions by the Group’s R&D
employees, but also by the Engineering & Construction teams, the
advanced Business & Technologies network and the operations.

More than 50% of the new patents registered by the Group
protect inventions relating to its core business (gas production
and separation technologies, and its Healthcare business). The
patents keep pace with the Group’s development in different
regions. The new patents registered in 2015 have a geographical
breakdown as follows: 36% in Europe, 26% in the Americas, 28%
in Asia-Pacific and 10% in Africa-Middle-East.

The Group encourages and helps develop the potential of its
employee entrepreneurs who contribute to innovation. In 2015,
the Vision’Air internal challenge on the theme “Breathe in the
City”, tackled the issue of air quality in the city. This edition of
Vision’Air, in which almost 300 employees took part, demonstrates
the entrepreneurship of Air Liquide’s teams, which have worked
for almost eight months on the usage, feasibility and viability of
a new offer. The chosen projects will be incubated in the i-Lab.
By providing its support (technical resources, methodological
support, mentorship), the i-Lab intends to transform these ideas
into new offers, providing sources of growth for the Group.


--- Page 48 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Innovation

Strengthening integration within innovation ecosystems

In a constantly changing world, the dynamic management of
interactions with the innovation system, which is known as “open
innovation”, has become a key innovation factor.

Thanks to the development of a large number of collaborative
processes between its operating and Innovation entities and
customers, scientific partners and technology institutes, SMEs,
suppliers, young innovative companies and institutional and
private partners, this “open innovation” has enabled Air Liquide to
explore new growth opportunities.

More than 60% of Research & Development projects were
conducted as part of public-private academic partnerships in
2015. Air Liquide continued its scientific cooperation agreement
on processes for producing hydrogen with low CO, emissions
with King Abdullah University of Science and Technology
(KAUST), in Saudi Arabia, and took part in its industrial
collaboration program (KICP). In France, a year following the
signing of a five-year strategic agreement, Air Liquide and the
CEA, Commissariat a I’énergie atomique et aux énergies
alternatives (French atomic energy and alternative energy
commission), launched 10 collaborative projects, in particular
within the Paris-Saclay and Grenoble ecosystems. In Germany,
progress was made on the design of a production process as
part of the partnership with the Friedrich-Alexander University
in Erlangen.

In the United States, Air Liquide is part of the consortium led by
the Carnegie-Mellon University working on decision-making
tools for the optimized management of production units.

In Healthcare, Air Liquide draws on its partnerships with the
Institut du cerveau et de la moelle épiniére - Maladies
neurodégénératives (Brain and Spine Institute — Neuronal
Degeneration), and with the University of Montreal on the
treatment and monitoring of patients suffering from Chronic
Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).

Air Liquide collaborates with 125 scientific academic partners
and technology institutes worldwide, and supports four
research chairs. The “Air Liquide Essential Molecules Challenge”
will help feed scientific advances that lead to new ways of
producing, packaging and using “Essential Small Molecules” and
thus accelerate innovation and growth.

The Group also works with a number of start-ups. In Healthcare,
the partnership agreement with Cellnovo, based in France and
the United Kingdom, which sells a new generation of insulin
pumps, has helped accelerate the development of this medical
equipment. This unique system allows optimal management of
insulin administration while also providing patients with great
freedom in terms of movement and peace of mind.

In 2015, i-Lab was a partner of the Hello Tomorrow Challenge,
an international competition for technology start-ups. Open
to researchers and entrepreneurs, this competition aimed to
promote projects that combine science and technology.

Air Liquide, who sponsored the Energy and Environment
category, helped select 30 semi-finalist start-ups (chosen from the
3,500 applications received). The winning start-up in the Energy
and Environment category, BioCarbon Engineering, was also
awarded the Hello Tomorrow Grand Prize across all categories.
BioCarbon Engineering, an English start-up, developed a “grain
planting” drone to tackle the deforestation issue: this technology,
which is quicker and more competitive than current techniques,
allows more trees to be planted simultaneously. As part of the
Hello Tomorrow mentoring program, 30 start-ups benefited from
support from around 10 Air Liquide employees (scientists,
engineers, entrepreneurs). A masterclass was held by Group
experts on the themes of intellectual and industrial property.

The i-Lab relies on 30 active partnerships with start-ups
(Diotasoft, NanoSence, Avenisence, Tech Viz, etc.) in France and
abroad (prototyping, testing, piloting, feasibility studies, etc.).

These partnerships also provide the Group with access to the
third-party intellectual property rights. They enable Air Liquide
to explore new growth opportunities, in adjacent businesses and
transformational businesses, beyond the Group's core business.

The innovation ecosystem is global. The Group’s network-based
organizational structure, which includes its base in France and
its hubs notably in Frankfurt, Houston and Shanghai, provides
it with better connections to trends in local markets, enables it
to improve the way in which it anticipates its customers’ and
patients’ requirements, and to imagine new ideas and solutions
to improve the customer and patient experience.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

57


--- Page 49 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

Some initiatives launched in 2015

Air Liquide is exploring new areas by developing technologies,
services and by building new business models, in order to meet
its customers’ and patients’ needs and new usages, and pursue
its profitable growth over the long term. The Group innovates for
the benefit of society.

HEALTHCARE: INNOVATION FOR THE
BENEFIT OF PATIENTS AND HEALTHCARE
PROFESSIONALS

Air Liquide has developed new digital services to better meet the
needs of healthcare professionals and provide improved support
to patients. The Group in particular launched a website entirely
dedicated to sleep apnea: www.all-about-sleep-apnea.com.
Sleep apnea syndrome is a pathology characterized by short
and repetitive pauses of breathing during sleep. Around 1-6%
of the global population is affected. The syndrome has a direct
impact on quality of life and health, and may also trigger serious
cardiovascular disorders, such as heart attacks or Cerebrovascular
accidents (CVA). This website aims to raise awareness of this
condition among the general public (80% of sufferers are unaware
of their condition) and encourage discussions between patients
and healthcare professionals. An app and a Twitter account
providing information have also been created.

Dinno Santé, a subsidiary of Air Liquide specializing in the overall
care of diabetics, has launched the first educational mobile app
aimed at diabetic children (GlucoZor), in partnership with the
French charity Aide aux Jeunes Diabétiques (Support for Young
Diabetics). The application helps children aged between 8 and 12
to better understand diabetes in a fun way.

Digital tools for assisting healthcare professionals with
prescriptions, helping them gain time, have been developed as a
mobile app which allows the user to choose the most appropriate
form of medical oxygen for the patient.

VitalAire, Air Liquide’s Home Healthcare subsidiary, has opened
Vital’City, a new center for patients in the lle-de-France
region who have chronic health conditions (Chronic Obstructive
Pulmonary Disease, sleep apnea and diabetes). Located in
Paris, staff at the center meet with patients and advise them
on equipment and how to use it. Vital’City highlights VitalAire’s
commitment to proximity and meets the need of certain patients.

NOWAPI™ is a medical telemonitoring device which registers
data from the monitoring of sleep apnea patients. NOWAPI™ is
Air Liquide’s first connected device to be launched. Air Liquide
continued to roll out its system in 2015: 150,000 NOWAPI™
devices are currently used by patients.

In 2015, Air Liquide continued to roll out its new TAKEO™
medical gases cylinder in various countries. This cylinder has
an “intelligent” digital display which allows users to visualize the

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

remaining consumption time and emits a warning sound when
gas levels are low. This cylinder is therefore safer to use, and
enables medical staff to optimize gas consumption. The cylinder
has also been designed to be easier to handle for medical staff
thanks to its new ergonomic design. This innovation is now
available to healthcare professionals in 15 countries, including
China and Poland since 2015.

ELECTRONICS: INVESTMENTS IN GENERATION
SYSTEMS FOR ULTRA-PURE NITROGEN

In 2015, Air Liquide decided to invest more than 100 million
euros to supply ultra-pure carrier gases to customer
fabs that manufacture integrated circuits and memory for
consumer electronics and mobile devices. These investments
in high-performance on-site generation systems for ultra-
pure nitrogen represent a total production capacity of over
100,000 nm%/h of nitrogen. This technology allows energy
savings of around 30%, for higher production. The Group has
signed several long-term contracts with major semi-conductor
manufacturers in Japan, Singapore and Taiwan. Carrier gases
such as ultra-pure nitrogen are essential to the semi-conductor
high-tech industry. These gases are used directly in the production
process of semi-conductor chips as well as to ensure ultra-clean
atmospheres to protect manufacturing tools. Increasing global
demand from the general public for smartphones and other
mobile devices has heightened demand for more efficient semi-
conductor components such as mobile application processors,
wireless communication chips and memory. This market
continues to expand, driven in particular by the rise of the Internet
of Things and Big Data.

The Group has also continued its development strategy in
Advanced materials for electronics, supported by its dedicated
structure which combines the expertise of Voltaix and ALOHA™
in the research and industrialization process for innovative
molecules for semi-conductor manufacturers worldwide.
Air Liquide provides a recognized offering in innovative thin film
advanced materials and has filed numerous patents.

INNOVATIVE OFFERS FOR INDUSTRIES
AND CRAFTSMEN

In 2015, Air Liquide continued to roll out ALbee™, its innovative
small gas cylinder for craftsmen and occasional users, with its
launch in new countries and through new distribution channels,
to facilitate the daily life of customers. Following its success on
the European market, the ALbee™ brand is now available in
Argentina, North America and Japan. An online ALbee™ sales
platform was launched in Nordic countries. Users can order and
exchange cylinders in a few clicks, which can be delivered at home
or to a distributor. In the United States, in the Houston region,


--- Page 50 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Air Liquide is currently testing ALbee™ Kiosk where customers
can buy or exchange a gas cylinder through a self-service system
24 hours a day, seven days a week, using a dedicated app that
geolocates the nearest Kiosk.

The heat oxy-combustion glass fusion technology developed by
Air Liquide’s R&D teams won the Innovative Products award at the
France-China Committee Climate Solutions 2015 Innovation
Awards, which recognizes Franco-Chinese cooperation

This innovative technology reduces the environmental impact
of the glass fusion process. It makes oxy-combustion — which
consists of enriching air with pure oxygen — even more efficient,
as it extracts heat from the combustion fumes and uses it to heat
oxygen and fuel. Compared to air combustion, this technology
provides up to 50% energy savings and up to 50% CO, emission
reduction. It also reduces nitrogen oxide by 80%. So far, this
technology has been implemented in several glass factories in
Europe. It is of particular interest to the Chinese market which
represents about 50% of worldwide glass production. The
Group has substantial R&D resources and strong experience
in glass making thanks to its extensive network of field experts
and dedicated testing platforms in France, the United States
and China. For more than 20 years, they have been mastering
oxy-combustion technologies, including patented burners and
furnace heat modeling.

QUAD+: A BREAKTHROUGH INNOVATION
IN THE OIL & GAS MARKET

Quad+ is an innovative solution, launched by Air Liquide’s
teams for offshore oil platforms and aimed at construction and
maintenance work, hyperbaric diving and subsea work, as well
as offshore oil and gas exploration and extraction services. It is
compact equipment used to store interconnected gas cylinders,
that offers maximum efficiency: the 450 bar pressure brings
+40% gas capacity compared to the highest market standards,
and its compact size reduces its footprint on the ground in an
environment where each square meter counts. The ergonomics,
the design that includes corrosion-resistant materials, and the
choice of composite materials for the gas cylinder to ensure their
robustness while limiting their weight provide security, solidity and
ease of use in the extreme conditions found on offshore platforms
or vessels: snow, heavy rain, swells, storms, etc. Quad+ complies
with the highest industry standards. The markets targeted by this
major innovation include the main offshore oil and gas extraction
fields located in the North Sea, then the Middle-East, the Gulf of
Mexico, South-East Asia, West Africa and off the coasts of Brazil

Innovation

I-LAB: THE “BREATHE IN THE CITY” INITIATIVE

With its “Breathe in the City” initiative, Air Liquide’s i-Lab intends
to develop new offerings with the Group’s employees joining
forces with young companies and design schools, to meet the
numerous challenges arising in terms of air quality: reducing
polluting emissions, helping patients with respiratory difficulties,
providing clean air on the move, measuring, mapping and treating
air quality.

The i-Lab launched the “Breathe in the City” Design
competition, in which 110 students from 10 industrial design
schools from eight different countries took part. Students were
asked to come up with a product, service or application to
directly or indirectly combat air pollution indoors, outdoors or on
the move. A team from the i-Lab worked with the candidates to
help them understand the subject of air pollution and its effects
on city-dwellers and then to focus their ideas. Several promising
suggestions by the students are currently being studied with a
view to transforming them into prototypes. This competition
allowed Air Liquide to provide input on innovative solutions
relating to air quality.

In 2015, the i-Lab developed “Caring for my Air’ a service
designed for professionals and organizations looking to provide
their employees and customers with a healthier working
environment. Based on a network of connected devices, “Caring
for my Air” measures air quality continuously, and provides access
to real-time data through an online dashboard. Using the analysis
of the collected data, the offer includes a diagnosis and then an
action plan for the company or organization to help it continuously
improve the quality of indoor air. “Caring for my Air”, developed
and based on an entrepreneurial approach, is currently being
tested at several companies and local authorities in France and
China.

NEW TECHNOLOGIES AIMED AT THE
PERFORMANCE OF OUR PRODUCTION UNITS

In 2015, Air Liquide started up its new, state-of-the-art Steam
Methane Reformer (SMR) unit located at the Chempark
Dormagen site near Cologne, Germany. Air Liquide invested
around 100 million euros in this highly flexible production unit,
which will supply Bayer MaterialScience’s (now Covestro) new
large-scale TDI (toluene diisocyanate) plant, one of the polymer
company’s most important investments in recent years. The
unit was designed and built by the Air Liquide Engineering &
Construction teams using state-of-the-art technologies that
ensure the highest standards of efficiency, flexibility and safety
while increasing production capacities.

Air Liquide has also opened Cryocap™ in France, a unique
industrial installation that enables the capture of CO, released
during hydrogen production, via a cryogenic process. The unit
captures 100,000 tonnes of CO, per year which it develops, in
particular for its agrifood customers.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

59


--- Page 51 ---

60

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

CONTRIBUTION TO MAJOR INTERNATIONAL
SCIENTIFIC PROJECTS

To obtain the very powerful electromagnetic fields required
to confine and stabilize the particle beams which provide the
required energy for nuclear fusion, as part of the international
ITER project, it is necessary to use superconducting magnets
that only work at extremely low temperatures. This temperature
requirement is met through the cryogenic equipment supplied
by Air Liquide, which is based on the properties of liquefied
helium whose temperature is just 4.5°C above absolute zero, i.e.
-273.15°C.

In 2015, Air Liquide announced the signature of a new contract
with ITER-India for the design and manufacturing of 19 cryogenic
lines for the ITER project. This latest contract comes after two
earlier ones, signed in 2012 and in 2018, bringing to around
250 million euros the total amount signed by Air Liquide for the
ITER project.

The purpose of the JT-60SA project, a Tokamak-style
infrastructure, based in Naka in Japan, is to support the
ITER project's research activities on fusion by working on the
capacity to control and maintain the plasma for several hours.
JT-60SA is led by the Japanese Atomic Energy Agency (JAEA) in
collaboration with the French organization CEA. For this project,
Air Liquide delivered a helium refrigeration system, intended to
cool the Tokamak. This equipment was developed and built in
France, shipped to Japan in 2015 and will be commissioned in
2016. It highlights the Group’s ability to meet major scientific
challenges by supplying very high tech systems.

DEVELOPMENT IN BIOGAS

In 2015, Air Liquide acquired a 5% stake in the capital of Fonroche
Biogaz, a subsidiary of the Fonroche Group, a key player in the
production of renewable energies. Through this investment, both
groups have pooled their skills in order to develop, in partnership,
projects involving the purification and upgrading of biogas for
the French market. In 2015, Fonroche Biogaz commissioned the
largest plant in France for the injection of biomethane into
natural gas networks. With an annual production capacity of
34,500 MWh of gas (equivalent to the annual consumption of
around 11,000 residents), this plant transforms 71,000 tonnes of
organic matter from local farming and agro-industrial players.

Air Liquide is working on solutions for the valorization of biogas
using a process that extracts methane from biogas, via a patented
gas separation technology that uses membranes. Air Liquide
is the global leader in the biogas purification, with a capacity of
100,000 m3 per hour. Air Liquide has continued to roll out this
offer and now has more than 35 customers in this market.

In 2015, the Group acquired US company Porogen, a leading
manufacturer of porous polymeric membranes, thus expanding
its membrane technology offering for the space, refining and
petrochemical markets.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

ROLL-OUT OF A HYDROGEN CHARGING STATION
INFRASTRUCTURE

The Air Liquide Group actively contributes to the development
of the hydrogen energy industry on a worldwide scale, in
particular through initiatives aimed at deploying hydrogen charging
stations in Europe, the United States and Asia. The Group has
already developed and supplied more than 75 hydrogen stations
worldwide. The first charging station for the general public was
opened in 2012 in Diisseldorf, Germany. The stations developed
by Air Liquide allow Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles (FCEVs) to re-
charge in less than five minutes, and FCEVs themselves offer an
autonomy that can reach up to 500 kilometers in range without
emitting greenhouse gases.

2015 marked an acceleration in the development of hydrogen
energy and the roll-out of hydrogen charging stations.

In France, Air Liquide opened a hydrogen charging station in
Saint-L6, in the Manche department. The Manche department is
the first local authority in France to be equipped with a hydrogen
station for its vehicles. Air Liquide has been chosen by FM Logistic
to provide support for its projected roll-out of hydrogen-powered
forklift trucks on its sites: at the Neuville-aux-Bois logistics
platform, located near the city of Orléans (France), Air Liquide has
installed a hydrogen charging station that will initially service ten
forklifts equipped with hydrogen fuel cells. Air Liquide has also
installed the first hydrogen charging station in Paris, in partnership
with the Paris-based electric taxi start-up STEP (Société du Taxi
Electrique Parisien), and the support of the Paris City Council.
Located in the heart of the capital, it has enabled the launch in
Paris of “Hype”, the first fleet of hydrogen-powered electric taxis.

In Germany, Air Liquide is the founding partner of the H, Mobility
initiative, a German consortium in which German industrial players
and the German government intend to invest around 400 million
euros in the construction of hydrogen charging stations. The roll-
out of 100 hydrogen charging stations is already planned in the
coming years, and the project is aiming for a total of 400 stations
across the country, making Germany the first country to own an
inter-regional network of hydrogen charging stations for private
passenger cars.

In Japan, Air Liquide has installed two new hydrogen stations
in Nagoya and Toyota, located in the Aichi prefecture. These
new stations were developed through a partnership between
Air Liquide Japan and Toyota Tsusho. The Group has announced
the opening of a new hydrogen station in Saga, on the Island
of Kyushu in Japan. This new hydrogen station, installed by
Air Liquide with the support of METI (Japan's Ministry of Economy,
Trade and Industry) and the Saga prefecture, will be the first
hydrogen charging station in the town open to the general public.

In the United States, Air Liquide is developing a network of
new hydrogen charging stations, in collaboration with Toyota
Motor Sales USA, Inc. (Toyota). This initiative is part of the US
sales launch of the constructor’s new hydrogen fuel cell electric
vehicle, the “Mirai”. Air Liquide’s hydrogen infrastructure in the
North-Eastern United States initially consists of 12 charging
stations across a number of states: New York, New Jersey,
Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island.


--- Page 52 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Innovation

Innovation indicators concerning the Group as a whole

As at December 31, 2015

Number of employees working in entities contributing to innovation 6,200
Number of researchers 1,000 researchers with

35 nationalities
Number of R&D sites 9
R&D industrial partners 100
R&D scientific partners (academic and technology institutes) 125
Number of Global Markets & Technologies employees 1,400
Number of Engineering & Construction employees © 3,100
Engineering centers 15
Number of employees in other entities contributing to innovation 700

(@) aB&T employees are now included in the Global Markets & Technologies Business unit.
(b) Figures restated for the transfer of entities to the Global Markets & Technologies Business unit.

Innovation expenses

280 _ — 4.0%
245 |
210 | 3.0%
175 |
140 | L 2.0%
105 |
70 | L 1.0%
36 LL
2006 «2007 «2008 )=- 200920102011 2012, 2013 2014-2015 %
Innovation expenses (in millions of euros)
—s— Innovation expenses in percentage of Group revenue
Patents 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
Number of patented inventions 3,109 3,215 3,288 3,369 3,200
New patent applications filed during the year 332 316 321 287 271
Percentage of new patents protecting the core
business (within the portfolio) ® 46% 47% 54% 59% 51%

(@) Gas production and separation technologies and Healthcare activity.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 53 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Strategy and outlook

© STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Strategy

For many years, Air Liquide’s growth strategy has been founded on creating long-term value. To do so, the Group relies on its operational
competitiveness, its targeted investments in growth markets, and innovation to open new markets and create new opportunities.

The Group is committed to delivering a regular and sustainable performance for its shareholders and maintaining its strong dividend pay-
out policy year after year. This long-term performance is based on continuous growth of the industrial gases market worldwide, a solid
business model and a managerial culture founded on consistent performance.

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE (CAGR) OVER 30 YEARS

m Revenue: +5.8%

= Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital: +6.9%

@ Net profit: +8.0%

m Earnings per share: +7.4%

Dividend per share ° +8.7%

(a) Adjusted for previous two-for-one share splits and free share attributions.
(b) Subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting on May 12, 2016,

The industrial gases industry has enjoyed steady growth over the
last 100 years due to the ever increasing needs of new and growing
economies, the emergence of new applications supported by
innovation and technological research, and increased customer
outsourcing of gas production. The demand for industrial gas,
therefore, has risen faster historically than industrial production.

The growth rates during the rebound from the 2008-2009
financial crisis varied greatly between advanced and developing
economies. The gap between the growth rates in these economies
has varied from 9 points in 2005 to 18 points in 2010 and is now
below 5 points.

Against this backdrop, the Group's strategic approach has
shifted from a geographical viewpoint, where industrial growth
came mainly from increased capacity in developing economies,
to a market viewpoint, where each country aims to attract new
investments in growth sectors.

As a result of this new approach, the Group has outlined three
major trends which shape its markets.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

THREE MAJOR TRENDS, SOURCES OF GROWTH

The energy and ecological transition

Climate change

+

Mounting environmental concerns
+

Constraints linked to availability of natural and energy resources
+
Necessary adaptation to these challenges

‘

OPPORTUNITIES FOR AIR LIQUIDE

m Propose more energy efficient solutions to help our customers
improve their competitiveness and reduce their environmental
footprint.

= Also put these solutions at the service of the Group activities in
order to make efficiency gains.

@ Develop clean transport solutions that contribute to reducing
the environmental footprint.


--- Page 54 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT | |

Developments in the world of Healthcare

Longer life expectancy and changes in lifestyles
+
Increase in chronic illnesses
+
Growing need for hygiene products
+
Rise in care requirements in developing countries
+
Adaptation of healthcare systems
+
Growing importance of healthcare and well-being
J

OPPORTUNITIES FOR AIR LIQUIDE
ALONG THE CONTINUUM OF CARE
WITH HEALTHCARE IN HOSPITAL AND AT HOME

m Develop new product and service offers for healthcare
professionals and patients.

The digital transformation

Appetite for innovation
+

Rapid technological developments, combining miniaturization
and greater power (micro-processors, memory, flat screens,
photovoltaic cells)

+
Adoption of ever more sophisticated tools
+
New needs and usages
(ways of living, working, moving, communicating, etc.)
+
Creation of new economic models
J
OPPORTUNITIES FOR AIR LIQUIDE

= Opportunities for all our activities: for example, connected
cylinders, products and services for Electronics, remote
monitoring of treatment observation by the patient

= More efficient and competitive operations: plant of the future,
more reliability, predictive analysis using Big Data.

m Propose a new customer experience through new products
and services in order to increase customer loyalty and to win
new customers.

Strategy and outlook

A SOLID BUSINESS MODEL

The Large Industries activity, which benefits from long-term
contracts with take-or-pay clauses, and the Healthcare activity,
which is enjoying steady growth independently of the economic
cycle, provide security. The Industrial Merchant activity offers
technological solutions adapted to the multiple applications of
customers in various industries and provides greater resilience. In
addition, through its four World Business Lines, the Group serves
a wide range of customers and industries, with an extensive
regional diversity and a growing market share in developing
economies, another guarantee of solidity.

Air Liquide confirmed the resilience of its business model in 2009.
In an economic crisis of exceptional scale, Air Liquide, the global
sector leader, reported a slight decline in sales and stable net
profit

In 2015, amidst an unstable environment and moderate world
growth, Air Liquide relied on the solidity of its model and continued
to improve its performance. The Group’s debt-to-equity ratio
remained moderate at 57%.

On 17 November, 2015, the Group announced the signing of
a merger agreement under which Air Liquide will acquire the
American company Airgas. Airgas shareholders, during a special
shareholder meeting held on 23 February 2016, approved
the acquisition of Airgas by Air Liquide (simple majority of the
outstanding shares of Airgas was required). The transaction is
subject to receipt of necessary antitrust and other regulatory
approvals and other customary conditions and provisions. Once
the transaction is finalized, Air Liquide will be ideally positioned for
future growth.

PERFORMANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY

The search for economic performance and the attention paid to
society's major issues, notably the protection of the environment,
are closely linked. Companies are no longer evaluated on their
financial performance alone. They are also judged on their
commitment to and efforts in terms of Responsibility. The
Group has confirmed its ambition to be the leader in its industry,
by demonstrating its long-term performance and behaving
responsibly. The Group thus creates a virtuous dynamic where
Responsibility is an integral part of Performance.

Performance

The Group’s sales growth targets formulated in 2010, were based
on estimated growth in the industrial gases market of between
+7% and +8% per year between 2010 and 2015. The global
economic recovery having been slower than expected, these
estimates were updated in 2013. The new forecasts expect
market growth of between +4% and +5% annually between 2010
and 2015. As a result, Air Liquide’s average annual sales growth
target, which had been +8% to +10% in a normal context, was
rephrased at the end of 2013 as revenue growth relative to the
market of +1% to +2%.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 55 ---

| | MANAGEMENT REPORT

Strategy and outlook

The initial 12 billion euros investment budget for the 2011-2015
period has been confirmed and net capital expenditure between
2011 and 2015 is in line at 11.3 billion euros.

The operational efficiencies target, initially set at more than
200 million euros per annum for the five-year period, has been
increased by 30% to a total target of 1.3 billion euros for the 2011-
2015 period. For the fifth consecutive year, efficiency exceeded
the annual target and reached 298 million euros in 2015. This
result brings cumulated efficiency to 1,476 million euros for the
2011-2015 period, highly above the communicated target.

Finally, the ROCE target initially established at 12-13% was revised
in 2013 to 11%-13%, taking into account the longer investment
cycle for big projects. The 2015 ROCE stood at 10.3%, negatively
affected by the exceptionnal impact on an Engineering &
Construction project in Canada. Without this impact, the adjusted
ROCE would be at 10.8%, stable with 2014 level.

The main outlines of the company’s medium-term strategic plan
will be finalized after the realization of the Airgas acquisition. As

Outlook

The Group achieved a solid performance, delivering once again
an increase in revenue, operating margin and net profit, in the
context of slower global growth in 2015. Growth in Gas & Services
sales improved quarter after quarter.

Business growth was driven by momentum in Healthcare and
Electronics, and in Large Industries by higher volumes from
new contracts. From a geographic perspective, it was driven by
Europe’s progressive recovery and by the developing economies.

Europe benefited from the good development in Healthcare and
an improvement in certain industrial sectors in the 2nd half of the
year. In North America, the year was marked by a slowdown in
sectors related to oil and gas production and metal fabrication.
The progression in activity observed in Asia-Pacific was driven
by Japan's resilience and the persistence of sustained growth in
China.

2015 REFERENCE DOCUMENT m AIR LIQUIDE

per usual, once the company’s medium-term strategic plan has
been validated, it will be communicated to the markets.

Responsibility

As an integral part of Air Liquide’s strategy, Responsibility creates
new opportunities and constitutes a sustainable performance
driver while at the same time providing solutions that respond to
society’s major issues.

At year-end 2013, the Group confirmed its ambition to be the
leader in its industry, delivering long-term performance and acting
responsibly. The objective of embedding Responsibility in the
way we act and manage our operations and initiatives represents
another step in ensuring that Responsibility is at the heart of the
way the Group runs its operations and initiatives, to ensure that
the Group fulfills its ambition.

This Responsibility approach is widely adopted within the Group
and is presented in chapter 2 of this document.

Globally, the Group delivered growth above that of its market, ina
context of favorable exchange rates, which positive effect slowed
down during the year, and decreased energy prices.

Over the year, as a result of efficiencies close to € 300 million and
investment decisions totaling € 2.4 billion, the Group improved
its competitiveness and sustained its future growth. At the same
time, the signature of the merger agreement to acquire Airgas
in the United States and the rollout of an innovation strategy,
reinforced by the creation of the Global Markets & Technologies
activity, mark major steps in the Group’s development and
transformation.

Excluding the impact of Airgas acquisition and financing, and
assuming a comparable environment, Air Liquide is confident in
its ability to deliver another year of net profit growth in 2016.
