

--- Page 1 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer has had a successful
conclusion to the 2015 financial year.

The following statements refer exclusively to continuing
operations (see page 27).

Axel Springer has had a successful conclusion to the
2015 financial year. The forecast targets published in
March 2015 were essentially attained (see page 59).

During the reporting year, total revenues were € 3,294.9
million, and therefore 8.5 % above the prior-year figure

(€ 3,037.9 million). The revenue increase resulted from
growth in the segments of Classified Ad Models and Mar-
keting Models, while the revenues of the Paid Models and
the Services/Holding segment declined. Adjusted for
consolidation and currency effects, total revenues were
above the level of the prior-year figure (+ 1.6 %).

The pro-forma revenues of digital media activities
increased to € 2,004.6 million (PY: € 1,794.6 million),
reflecting an organic growth rate of 11.7%.

EBITDA rose, compared to the previous year, by 10.2%
to € 559.0 million (PY: € 507.1 million). Furthermore, the
generated EBITDA margin also improved to 17.0% (PY:
16.7 %). The significant growth in earnings in our Classi-
fied Ad Models and improved earnings within the Ser-
vices/Holding segment were offset by the declines in the
Paid Models and Marketing Models. The EBITDA of
digital activities rose by 19.4% from € 358.9 million to
€ 428.7 million.

The adjusted earnings per share from continuing oper-
ations of € 2.22 were 10.3% above the prior-year figure
of € 2.01.

At the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held on April
13, 2016, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board
will propose a dividend of € 1.80 (PY: € 1.80) per quali-
fying share.

11

Combined Management Report

Outlook for 2016

We anticipate in the Group that total revenues will be
higher for the 2016 financial year than the prior-year figure
by an amount in the low single-digit percentage range.
Adjusted for consolidation effects, primarily due to the
deconsolidation of the activities in Switzerland, growth
would be higher and would be in the mid single-digit
percentage range. We assume that the planned increase
in advertising revenues will more than compensate for the
decline in circulation revenues and other revenues.

We expect a rise in EBITDA in the low to mid single-digit
percentage range. In this case, a rise in EBITDA in the
Classified Ads Models segment is expected, whilst the
EBITDA, of Marketing Models segment should finish
around the level of the prior year due to planned invest-
ments in product quality and also in digitization. For Paid
Models and Service Holding, the EBITDA is expected to
be below the previous year level.

For EBIT we expect developments to slightly lower than
for EBITDA due to higher depreciation, amortization and
impairments.

For the adjusted earnings per share, we expect an
increase in the mid-to-high single digit percentage.

Introductory remarks

The current combined management report for Axel
Springer SE and the Group contains statements con-
cerning the economic situation and business perfor-
mance of the Axel Springer Group. These statements are
also largely applicable to Axel Springer SE. Additional
information on the economic situation of the parent
company Axel Springer SE is provided in a separate
chapter on page 39.

For the sake of better comparability, the operating earn-
ings indicators EBITDA and EBIT have been adjusted for
non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments
from purchase price allocations (see Section (32) of the
notes to the financial statements).


--- Page 2 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Segments

Axel Springer Group

ee ee

Classified
Ad Models

Paid
Models

Business model

Axel Springer is a leading digital publisher in Europe.
Journalism is the foundation of the business model. The
broad-based media portfolio includes successfully estab-
lished brand families such as the BILD Group and the
WELT Group. Journalistic content is delivered to Internet
users, readers, viewers, and advertising customers via
digital, print, and TV channels. The portfolio is divided
into Paid Models which are generally used by paying
readers, into Marketing Models where revenues are
primarily generated by advertising customers and into
Classified Ad Models where revenues are primarily gen-
erated by job ads, real estate and car ads. The focus is
on the digital transformation of the business.

Legal structure, business locations

Axel Springer SE, as the flagship company of the Axel
Springer Group, is an exchange-listed stock corporation
with its registered head office in Berlin. The Group also
maintains offices at other locations in Germany. In addi-
tion, the Group comprises numerous companies in other
countries. The consolidated shareholdings of the Group
are listed in Section (43) in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board decided in
December 2014 to prepare to change Axel Springer SE
into a partnership limited by shares (KGaA). However,
the board decided not to pursue the planned change.
Following a detailed examination of the conversion in
February 2016, the company and Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer came to the conclusion that the legal form of

12

Marketing Services/

Models

Holding

the SE is the better alternative for the long-term devel-
opment of the company and its attractiveness for the
capital market. Axel Springer continues to pursue the
objective of continuing to grow and becoming the lead-
ing digital publisher.

Segments of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer’s business activities are organized into
three operating segments: Classified Ad Models, Paid
Models and Marketing Models. In addition, there is the
Services/Holding segment.

The segment structure reflects the different customer
groups and revenue types of an increasingly digital
publisher.

Classified Ad Models

All business models which predominantly generate reve-
nues in online classified advertising are summarized in
the Classified Ad Models segment.

Portfolio and market position

Axel Springer has established a portfolio of leading online
Classified ad portals within the areas of jobs, real estate,
automobile, and general classified ads over the last few
years. The principal activities of the Classified Ad Models
segment are summarized in the graph below.


--- Page 3 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio Classified Ad Models

a

= StepStone = SeLoger = @Leisure
"Totaljobs =Immowelt/immonet = LaCentrale

= Jobsite = Immoweb = Yad2

= Saongroup = meinestadt.de
® YourCareerGroup = CarWale”

"Until December 2015, see page 26.

Jobs comprises StepStone, the leader among private-
sector job exchanges in Germany and Belgium, and one
of the leading providers in Europe. The StepStone Group
supplies the most candidates in Germany with its portals
specializing in management and specialist staff, and also
has two of the largest online recruitment portals in Great
Britain in the form of Totaljobs and the Jobsite Group,
which include, among others, the specialist portals Ca-
terer.com, CWJobs.co.uk, CityJobs.com and eMed-
careers.com. The Saongroup, which was acquired by
StepStone Group, operates job portals in 15 countries
and is the leader in Ireland, Northern Ireland, and South
Africa. The specialty provider YourCareerGroup, which
was likewise acquired, is the leading niche portal in the
German speaking countries for online ads for hotel and
restaurant jobs.

In Real Estate, Axel Springer is the leader in France
(with SeLoger) and Belgium (with Immoweb). SeLoger’s
portfolio also includes some niche portals such as va-
cances.com and a-Gites.com for vacation home rentals,
and belles-demeures.com for luxury properties. Since
July 2015, the Real estate segment has also included the
German real estate portal Immowelt which, together with
Immonet, is one of the leading real estate portals in
Germany (see page 24).

In General/Other, Axel Springer has since July 2014
also held a shareholding of Car & Boat Media SAS,
headquartered in Paris. This company operates LaCen-
trale, the leading specialist classified ads portal for used
cars in France, as well as other portals related to cars
and boats. Yad2, a portal which was likewise acquired in
2014, is the leading general classified ad portal in Israel
for real estate, automobile and classified ads. The Ger-
man regional portal meinestadt.de consists of market-

13

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

places for jobs, automobiles, real estate and classified
ads. In addition, city information, classified directories,
and event calendars are also provided, amongst others.
Axel Springer had an equity stake in the CarWale auto-
mobile portal until the beginning of 2016 (see page 26).
Furthermore, since the beginning of 2015 @Leisure, a
leading operator of online brokerage portals for vacation
home rentals belongs to the Classified Ad Models seg-
ment. The company is headquartered in Amsterdam and
also operates, amongstothers, the portals belvilla and
casamundo, as well as the portals TopicTravel, Aanzee
and VillaxL, which were newly acquired in 2015.

Business model and key factors

The Classified Ad Models segment generates revenues
mainly from sales of classified ads. In addition, it also
generates revenues by marketing online ad space,
through cooperation arrangements, and by providing
software functions to clients. Business developments are
significantly determined by the economic environment in
the respective market segments, the market position in
the respective segment, and online usage behavior of
advertisers and seekers. Long-term growth drivers are,
among others, the continuing shift of classified ads to the
Internet, the rising number of Internet users, and the
monetization of supplementary products.

Within Jobs, ads are sold to job advertisers, and logins
to online resume databases which belong to the respec-
tive portals are offered, in which the job advertisers can
actively search for suitable candidates.

Real estate portals primarily generate revenues by
selling advertising and display space to agents, project
developers, housing agencies, or private individuals.

Within General/Other, revenues are based on the focus
of the relevant portal. These include, among others, com-
mercial automobile retailers, landlords of vacation homes,
real estate agents and project developers. The portals are
also partially aimed at private individuals who predomi-
nantly sell second-hand goods via this marketplace.


--- Page 4 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Paid Models

The Paid Models segment encompasses all business
models that are primarily used by paying readers.

Portfolio and market position
Paid Models are sub-divided into national and interna-

tional offerings. The principal activities are summarized in
the graph below.

Portfolio Paid Models

Patina | Intemational

= BILD Group = Switzerland’) = Spain

= WELT Group = USA = France
= Austria?) = Belgium
= Pussia®

Ringier Axel Springer Media
™ Poland
™ Hungary

® Slovakia
® Serbia
” As of January 1, 2016 part of a joint venture, see page 25.

® Until August 2015, see page 25.
®) Until October 2015, see page 25.

Paid Models National are mainly offered by the BILD
Group and the WELT Group.

The BILD Group comprises the digital media offerings and
the newspapers and magazines of the BILD family of
brands and B.Z. Bild.de is Germany's largest news and
entertainment portal with the widest reach in the country
with a digital subscription model. Bild.de is also distributed
via mobile channels, with apps for nearly every kind of
smartphone, tablet PC, and smart TV, not to mention the
mobile portal, once again one of Germany's most-visited
mobile media brands in 2015 (“digital facts 2015-10” of the
Working Group for Online Research (AGOF)). Bild.de also
Offers the products stylebook.de, travelbook.de, BUN-
DESLIGA bei BILD, and BILD Shop. BILD is Europe’s
biggest daily newspaper with the widest reach, as well as
the unchallenged number one in Germany, with a share of
75.6% by newsstand sales. (All figures for the German
newspapers and magazines are based on paid circulation
as per IVW as of December 31, 2015). BILD am
SONNTAG is Germany’s best-selling nationwide Sunday
newspaper in 2015, with a share of 61.3%. B.Z. is Berlin’s
biggest newspaper. The automotive, computer, and sports
media of the BILD brand family make up a magazine and

14

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

online portfolio built on the core brands of AUTO BILD,
COMPUTER BILD, and SPORT BILD. With a share of
54.1%, AUTO BILD continues to be Germany's biggest
automotive magazine. It is also the number one automotive
magazine in Europe. Autobild.de is the clear leader among
automotive portals featuring editorial content in Germany.
Furthermore, the magazines COMPUTER BILD and
SPORT BILD occupy leading European market positions in
their respective segments. Based on paid circulation, their
German shares are 37.8% and 49.0% respectively.

With effect from January 1, 2015, the WELT Group merged
with N24 to form WeltN24 GmbH, a multi-media news
organization for quality journalism which comprises the
digital media offering welt.de and n24.de and their apps,
the newspapers DIE WELT and WELT AM SONNTAG
along with their compact publications and magazine inserts,
such as BLAU and BILANZ and the television channel N24.

WELT digital products are some of the most successful
stationary and mobile internet sites in the segment of
German premium newspapers. The offering is also avail-
able on PC tablets, smartphones and e-readers, and
also as a digital subscription model. The WELT Edition
app for tablets and smartphones has the strongest turn-
over of any news app in the German app store. DIE
WELT AM SONNTAG is the undisputed number one title
in the nationwide premium newspaper sectors. DIE
WELT (including WELT KOMPAKT) is the third-biggest
premium newspaper in Germany, with a share of 18.7 %,
based on paid circulation. N24 is the market leader
among the news channels and was able to increase its
market share to 1.3% in 2015.

As part of the merger of the brands DIE WELT and N24, a
process began in 2015 to redevelop the brand identity for
all products. This became apparent initially by way of the
changes made to the printed newspapers and within
WELT digital products, with changes to the design of the
TV channel to be made in 2016. The aim is to ensure the
joint brand identity of all products under the uniform WELT
umbrella brand in 2017. This will be the basis for the devel-
opment of the Group to become the leading multi-media
news organization for quality journalism in German-
speaking countries.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Our music magazines ROLLING STONE, MUSIKEX-
PRESS and METAL HAMMER were also assigned to the
Paid Models National segment.

Paid Models International comprise Axel Springer’s
digital and print activities in Europe and the USA.

In eastern Europe, the joint venture Ringier Axel Springer
Media is the leader in the segment of mass-circulation
dailies in the countries of Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and
Serbia. The media offering currently comprises a variety
of digital and printed products. The digital EBITDA share
of the joint venture amounted to 53.1 % in 2015, with
digital revenues amounting to 37.1%.

We reach 70.6 % of Internet users in Poland through the
leading Polish online group Onet. With FAKT as the largest
newsstand newspaper and PRZEGLAD SPORTOWY as
the country’s only national sports daily, the joint venture
controls 42,1 % of the market for national dailies (based on
paid circulation), making it the biggest newspaper publisher
in Poland. With Media Impact Polska, we are also repre-
sented by the largest marketing organization in the Polish
market. The range consists of strong brands and offers
Clients innovative, integrated advertising solutions.

Ringier Axel Springer Media's portfolio in Hungary will
comprise titles with a strong market position in their re-
spective sectors and with excellent potential for digitiza-
tion, which predominantly include mass-circulation dailies,
including the leader BLIKK, and women’s magazines.

In Slovakia, azet.sk is the leading Internet portal reaching
82.3 % of Internet users in that country. The leading posi-
tion in the print business is mainly based on the NOVY
CAS family of brands, consisting of two newspapers and
four magazines. The mass-circulation daily of the same
name is the country’s biggest newspaper, with a share of
39.6 %, based on paid circulation. In total, Ringier Axel
Springer Media publishes nine magazines in Slovakia.

15

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

In Serbia, Ringier Axel Springer Media is the publisher
with the highest total circulation and reach, with three
newspapers and five magazines and the corresponding
web portals. Furthermore, our joint venture publishes
Serbia’s biggest mass-circulation dailies, ALO! and BLIC,
together with their high-reach online portals. In addition,
the largest marketing organization in Serbia was
launched in the form of Media Impact Srbija.

Axel Springer is represented in Spain by seven maga-
zines and three online portals. In particular, we occupy
leading positions in the video game and computer mag-
azines segments and also in automotive magazines.

We are represented in France in a joint venture with the
Mondadori Group with three automotive magazines and
associated online portals.

In Switzerland, the new joint venture, combining the
activities of Axel Springer and Ringier, was launched at
the beginning of 2016. For more information on this
subject, please refer to page 25.

In October 2015, Axel Springer sold 100 % of its activi-
ties in Russia. More detailed information on this subject
can be found on page 25.

The 50:50 joint venture established in September 2014
between POLITICO, the leading media brand for political
journalism in Washington D.C., and Axel Springer resulted
in the start of POLITICO’s European operations in spring
2015, with its headquarters in Brussels. Once the joint
venture had acquired EUROPEAN VOICE and Develop-
ment Institute International (Dll), France’s leading events
agency in the field of public affairs, in January 2015, PO-
LITICO’s offering in Europe now consisted of a website,
digital newsletters, a newspaper and conferences.


--- Page 6 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Axel Springer has been represented in the USA since the
end of October 2015 in the form of businessinsider.com,
the leading digital offering for business and financial
news (see page 25). In addition to businessinsider.com,
“Business Insider" also operates the offerings "Tech
Insider" and “Business Insider UK". “Insider” is due to be
added as an additional portal in the first half of 2016.
“Business Insider" is thus active in nine countries and
has been active in Germany since November 2015. Over
the past few years, Axel Springer has also established an
early-phase portfolio in the USA that focuses on digital
journalism and includes, among others, minority interests
in Thrillist, Ozy, and NowThis.

Business model and key factors

The revenues generated in the Paid Models segment
consist mainly of circulation revenues and advertising
revenues. Circulation revenues are generated on sales
of newspapers and magazines and digital subscriptions
models. Advertising revenues are generated by market-
ing the reach of our online and print media. The value
chain, which spans all media comprises all essential
processes involved in the production of information,
entertainment, and video content, from conception to
editorial work and production, and from there to sales
and marketing. The cross-media approach is conducive
to the optimal realization of synergies, competencies and
reach values.

All journalism content is collected in integrated news-
rooms, some of which are used for more than one publi-
cation, and processed there in accordance with the de-
mands of our print and online media. The production
process for digital paid content involves the production of
editorial content, which we then post on our websites or
other digital resources such as smartphones, PC tablets,
and smart TVs, or the processing and aggregation of
information in databases. Our newspapers are produced,
amongstothers, in the three offset printing plants in Ham-
burg-Ahrensburg, Essen-Kettwig, and Berlin-Spandau.
We therefore carry out all steps in the value chain our-
selves, from production to monitoring dispatch logistics.
Distribution of digital products takes place predominantly

16

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

via our own Internet pages or download platforms such
as the app stores of Apple and Google. The print media
are distributed nationally and internationally mainly via
wholesale press distribution companies, train station
bookstores, and press import companies. In Germany
there are about 107 thousand retail outlets where our
newspapers and magazines are sold.

Paid Models are centrally marketed in Germany by Media
Impact, one of the leading cross-media marketers based
on gross market shares. The digital marketing portfolio
also includes content produced by other companies.

Business development in this segment is, amongst other
things, strongly influenced by the growing use of digital
content. Key growth drivers are moving images and the
mobile Internet, via smartphones and tablets, which are
mostly used in addition to stationary Internet connections
(source: AGOF “digital facts 2015-10”). Other key factors
besides online usage behavior are the willingness of con-
sumers to pay for online content and the development of
the market for paid content. Digital content is also driving
the growth of the advertising market, while print media
advertising revenues are declining across the board.

Regardless of media types, this segment is influenced by
the political situation in the relevant markets, as well as
the economic environment and performance of advertis-
ing markets, in particular. Aside from the general market
cyclicity, seasonal aspects and non-recurring effects also
play a role.

Marketing Models

The Marketing Models segment comprises all business
models that generate revenues predominantly through
sales to advertising customers of reach-based or suc-
cess-based marketing services.

Portfolio and market position

The Marketing Models segment is sub-divided into
reach-based and performance-based services. The
principal activities are summarized in the graph below.


--- Page 7 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio Marketing Models

Reach Based Marketing Performance Marketing

Idealo = zanox/Digital Window
aufeminin

Bonial

Smarthouse

finanzen.net

Axel Springer’s Reach Based Marketing portfolio in-
cludes idealo.de, Germany’s leading portal with the widest
reach for product searches and price comparisons. Idealo
has access to more than 1.8 million products with more
than 214 million offers from online retailers (average as of
Average December 2015) and is also represented interna-
tionally with numerous offerings. The ladenzeile.de product
comparison portal is also part of the Idealo Group.

aufeminin is the largest online women's portal worldwide
and is active in 16 countries with its articles on fashion,
beauty, and lifestyle. The corporate group comprises,
among others, the health portal onmeda in Germany,
France and Spain, the cooking website marmiton, the
online portal netmums, the recommendation newsletter
and lifestyle box provider My Little Paris and the digital
publisher Livingly Media, acquired at the start of 2015
and based in the USA, and operating the four offers;
Livingly.com (fashion, beauty and lifestyle), Zimbio.com
(entertainment), StyleBistro.com (fashion, beauty and
style) and Lonny.com (lifestyle and home decor).

kaufDA.de and MeinProspekt.de operate under the
auspices of the newly created Bonial International Group
as Germany's leading consumer information portals
regarding local shopping. The offerings distribute digit-
ized advertising retail leaflets predominantly via mobile
Internet at a regional level. The services are also offered
under local brands in France (Bonial), Spain (Ofertia) and
the USA (Retale). Additional portals were also started in
2015 in Mexico, Chile, Columbia (all Ofertia), Sweden,
Norway and Denmark (all Bonial).

17

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Germany’s widest-reach finance portal finanzen.net
provides its users with up-to-date financial markets data
on every business day. In line with its internationalization
strategy, this portal also operates in Switzerland, Russia,
and Austria, among other places, and it has also operat-
ed in Sweden since November together with Bonnier
Business Media. Furthermore, finanzen.net has also
operated the German version of Business Insider since
November 2015 (see page 25).

Smarthouse Media is a leading provider of complex,
web-based financial applications for banks, online bro-
kers, and other providers of financial services.

With direct and indirect investments in leading private-
sector radio stations in the TV and radio sector, Axel
Springer holds one of the biggest radio portfolios in
Germany. Axel Springer continues to hold a minority
interest in Turkey’s biggest private-sector TV and radio
company, the Dogan TV Group.

Axel Springer’s Performance Marketing activities are
bundled within the zanox Group. The leading provider of
success-based online marketing in Europe brings adver-
tisers and publishers together, giving advertisers an
efficient way to market their products and services on
the Internet. The corporate group comprises the compa-
nies ZANOX AG, including Digital Window, and the per-
formance marketing agency eprofessional.

Business model and key factors

In our Reach Based Marketing activities, ad space is
marketed to advertising customers and charged on the
basis of the reach generated by the given media offerings
(number of users or listeners) or the interaction generated
by the reach. Attractive content generates high reach
values and topic-specific environments enable advertisers
to precisely reach the desired target groups.


--- Page 8 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Due to the rising use of online media, reach marketing on
the Internet is a major business. Besides display ads like
banners, layer ads, and wallpaper, videos are also in-
creasingly being used as online advertising formats. In
addition, advertisers are increasingly turning to marketing
cooperation ventures and innovative advertising forms
such as native advertising, sponsoring, and marketing via
YouTube channels. The increasingly automated purchase
and sale of advertising space (programmatic advertising)
as well as the growing prevalence of mobile terminal
devices, in addition to stationary Internet usage, repre-
sents additional potential for Reach Based Marketing.

Performance marketing gives advertisers the chance
to advertise their products on websites and publishers’
Offerings via text links, banners, and online videos. The
advertisers only pay a success-based fee to the publish-
ers if the advertising materials have actually been used
and resulted in the desired transaction for the advertising
customers. Our platforms provide the infrastructure for
this efficient form of marketing, record the data flows and
transactions, and allow for a variety of services for adver-
tisers and publishers.

This segment benefits from the growth of stationary and
mobile Internet usage and the increasing tendency of
consumers to make purchases. Through the zanox
Group, Axel Springer benefits from the increasing de-
mand of advertising companies for success-based ad-
vertising and marketing models.

Services/Holding

Group Services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as the holding functions are re-
ported within the Services/Holding segment. The
Group Services are purchased by internal, Group-wide
customers at standard market prices.

18

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Discontinued Operations

In the previous year, we reported domestic regional
newspapers, TV program guides and women’s maga-
zines as well as the businesses and equity holdings of
Ringier Axel Springer Media in the Czech Republic sepa-
rately as discontinued operations. Both sales were com-
pleted on April 30, 2014.

Management and supervision

Executive Board divisions

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE currently com-
prises four members, whose work is supported and
supervised by a Supervisory Board composed of nine
members.

Axel S|

‘inger Executive Board

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Mathias Déptner

Chief Financial Officer

A ov dian Deutz
Executive
Board 4
Divisions
I Paid Models
Jan Bayer
Jj Marketing and Classified Ad Models

Dr. Andreas Wiele

Executive Board responsibilities are divided as follows:

Dr. Mathias Dépfner is Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Axel Springer SE. All editors-in-chief and the
corporate staff departments of corporate communica-
tions, public affairs, strategy, executive personnel as well
as the Axel Springer Academy report to him.


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Dr. Julian Deutz is responsible for the Finance and Per-
sonnel Executive Board division. In addition to the com-
mercial sectors, the department covers the M&A, Audit,
Governance, Risk & Compliance, Personnel, Law, Group
Purchasing and Group Security sectors.

Jan Bayer is the President of the Paid Models segment.
Media Impact (Marketing), Sales Impact (Sales), IT, Print-
ing Plants and Customer Services are also assigned to
this segment.

Dr. Andreas Wiele is the President of Marketing and Clas-
sified Ad Models and is responsible for the corresponding
segments including the associated investments.

Corporate governance principles

Axel Springer’s corporate governance principles are
aligned with our core values of creativity, entrepreneur-
ship, and integrity, as well as the five principles enshrined
in Axel Springer’s own corporate constitution. For more
information on our internal guidelines, please refer to the
corporate governance statement pursuant to Sec-

tion 289a HGB contained in the section entitled “Im-
portant management practices” on page 69 of this An-
nual Report.

Basic principles of the compensation system

The compensation of our employees, all the way up to
senior management level, consists of a fixed component
and — for qualifying employees - an additional variable
component. Variable compensation is determined on the
basis of individual performance and the company’s suc-
cess. To this end, individual target agreements encom-
passing both Group-wide targets and division targets are
adopted every year anew. The part of variable compen-
sation that reflects the attainment of Group-wide targets
in 2015 is determined mainly with reference to the finan-
cial indicators EBITDA and EBIT. A detailed description
of Executive Board compensation can be found in the
“Compensation Report” section of the “Corporate Gov-
ernance” chapter (starting on page 77). There, you will
also find information on the compensation of our Super-
visory Board members (starting on page 79).

19

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Goals and strategy

Axel Springer pursues a strategy of profitable growth,
with the overarching goal of becoming the leading digital
publisher. This goal will be attained when the Group is
the leader in every one of the market segments and
countries in which it operates. Furthermore, journalism is
and always will be the foundation of our business model.

Segment strategies

In the Classified Ad Models segment, Axel Springer
will strive to further extend its position as a leading inter-
national provider. Both organic growth and complemen-
tary acquisitions will contribute to the growth of this
business. Furthermore, Group internal synergies will be
realized systematically.

Early-phase activities have also been started in the clas-
sified ads segment in order to identify innovative busi-
ness models and providers at an early stage.

In the Paid Models segment, Axel Springer will strive to
realize the full potential of its strong brands BILD, WELT,
and N24, as well as its international brands such as
Business Insider.

By means of linking its print, online, and mobile offerings
ever more closely, the BILD Group achieves a higher
level of reading time and usage time than its competitors,
expanding its share among young and high-income
readers in particular. Through the digital brand subscrip-
tion BILDplus, Axel Springer is building and expanding a
base of paying online readers.

WELT, together with N24, wants to become the leading
multimedia provider of quality journalism that is able to
optimally serve print, digital and TV as well as out of
home. The two companies will contribute their respective
strengths to this endeavor. Thus, the WELT Group can
make good use of the video inventory of N24 in its media
Offerings, and the quality TV news station can maintain or
expand its leading market position and better exploit its
full online potential in cooperation with the WELT Group.
Furthermore, the WELT Group will use its digital sub-


--- Page 10 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

scription model to further expand the base of paying
readers on the Internet.

The Group’s centralized marketing company Media Im-
pact offers an attractive, cross-media platform for advertis-
ing campaigns — with a reach that is rivaled only by the big
TV marketing firms. As one of the leading cross-media
marketing firms (based on gross market shares), Media
Impact will continue to expand its external marketing
portfolio in the print and digital segments. Axel Springer
reached an agreement with Viacom International Media
Networks in November 2015 to establish a joint venture for
TV and video marketing in Germany. The newly established
joint venture, in which Axel Springer has a 51% stake and
Viacom International Media Networks has a 49 % stake,
began work in January 2016 under the name Visoon
Video Impact, marketing the entire portfolio of Axel
Springer and Viacom (Comedy Central, MTV, N24, Nick-
elodeon/Nicknight, VIVA) within the German TV sector.

The strategy of sustainable growth in the Marketing
Models segment is followed both in Reach Based Mar-
keting and Performance Based Marketing. In the area of
Reach Based Marketing, the strategy is focused on
expanding the reach and usage of products, increasing
the ad space utilization rate, and developing new adver-
tising, pricing and business models. The continued inter-
nationalization of services is also a growth driver. Fur-
thermore, innovative products and business models are
promoted, developed and, if successful, expanded fur-
ther via capital expenditures in early-stage activities. In
the performance marketing sector, the focus is on the
increased interlinking of the activities combined within
the zanox Group, primarily through standardizing the
technical platform, as well as the expansion of services
and the publisher network.

Organic and acquisitions-driven growth

Generally speaking, the organic growth measures of the
different segments pursue the same goal of expanding
the current portfolio and increasing the revenues and
profits per reader/user on the basis of attractive product
design and pricing. These measures will be accompa-
nied by acquisitions-driven growth.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

In all segments, Axel Springer seizes opportunities to
expand the business model by investing in companies
with innovative business ideas, which are still in an early
phase of their development. For this purpose, in 2013,
Axel Springer started the Axel Springer Plug & Play
GmbH accelerator program in conjunction with the Sili-
con Valley-based Plug & Play Techcenter, in addition to
the existing interest in the Project A Ventures early stage
fund. A number of direct minority interests are also as-
signed on a selective basis to these indirect interests in
startups. Over the past few years, Axel Springer has also
established an early-phase portfolio in the USA that
focuses on digital journalism and was expanded in 2015
to include minority interests in companies such as
Thrillist and NowThis. Axel Springer also became in-
volved in the LAKESTAR II investment fund in August
2015. The fund concentrates on digital companies with a
focus on Europe and the USA (see page 25).

When the opportunity arises, Axel Springer will also
acquire companies that are well established in the mar-
ket. Suitable acquisition targets are chosen on the basis
of complementary business strategies, as well as the
quality of management, and the profitability and scalabil-
ity of the business model.

We employ a capitalized earnings approach based on
weighted capital costs to assess the economic efficiency
of investments in new or existing business segments.
The weighted capital costs are determined with refer-
ence to a target capital structure.

In general, we employ a capital markets equilibrium
method, using beta for the business-specific, systematic
risk, and a market premium for the country-specific,
unsystematic market risk, to assess the risks of an in-
vestment opportunity. Essentially, we assume that the
systematic risk of our company is the same, on average,
as that of our peer group — meaning other European
media companies.


--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Internal management system

We have designed our internal management system and
defined suitable control parameters in alignment with our
group strategy. We use both financial and non-financial
performance indicators to measure the success of our
strategy.

Detailed monthly reports are an important element of our
internal management and control system. These reports
contain the monthly results of our most important activi-
ties, along with a consolidated statement of financial
position, income statement, and cash flow statement.
We use these reports to compare actual values with
budget values. When variances arise, we investigate
further or initiate suitable corrective measures.

These reports are supplemented by periodic forecasts of
anticipated advertising revenues in the following weeks
and months as well as by forecasts of the probable
development of our financial performance.

Financial performance indicators

Our central focus is to sustainably increase both the
profitability and the value of our company. The most
important target and control parameters for the compa-
ny’s financial performance are revenues, EBITDA, and
EBIT. EBITDA and EBIT also forms the basis for the per-
formance-based compensation of leadership (please refer
to page 76 for more information on the compensation
system). These indicators and the EBITDA margin are
anchored in our internal planning and controlling system.

21

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Financial Control Parameters”

Selected financial control
parameters on the Group level,

€ millions 2015 2014
Total revenues 3,294.9 3,037.9
EBITDA” 559.0 507.1
EBITDA margit? 17.0% 16.7%
EBT? 449.0 394.6

” Continuing operations.

2! Adjusted for non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments from pur-
chase price allocations, see also the information in the notes to the consolidated
financial staternents under Note (32).

Non-financial performance indicators

In addition to the financial performance indicators, the
following non-financial performance indicators are rele-
vant to an evaluation of our performance with respect to
customers, the market, and offerings, although they are
not employed as the basis for managing the company as
a whole:

@ Unique users/visitors and other business model-
specific indicators of our online media, and the result-

ing market positions

™@ Reach values of our media in the advertising market
and indicators of brand and advertisement familiarity

™@ Average paid circulation of all principal newspapers.
and magazines

@ Digital subscriptions


--- Page 12 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Economic report

Combined Management Report
Economic report

General economic conditions and business developments

General economic conditions

According to the estimates of the International Monetary
Fund (IMF), the world economy expanded by 3.1 % in
2015. The IMF noted a moderate recovery of economic
growth for industrialized countries. Growth rates in
emerging and developing countries have declined from
their higher levels. According to the IMF, the global
economy is currently influenced by three significant risk
factors: Growth rates in China are decreasing as the
focus there is shifting from an export-oriented economy
to one that is consumer-oriented. The robust growth of
the US economy is leading to a tightening of monetary
policy. Finally, declining commodity prices have not only
resulted in a surge in demand in oil-importing countries,
but are also leading to considerable reductions in growth
in oil-exporting countries.

According to calculations from the German Federal Statis-
tical Office, the German economy recorded solid and
steady economic growth in 2015. Gross Domestic Prod-
uct was 1.7% higher in real terms compared to the prior-
year figure. Consumption showed itself to be the most
powerful driver of economic growth once again. Personal
consumer spending increased by 1.9 % in real terms, with
consumer spending by the government even increasing by
2.8% in real terms. Capital expenditures also increased: In
real terms business and the government have increased
expenditure in equipment by 3.6 % compared to the prior-
year figure. Construction investments also generated a
slight increase of 0.2 % when adjusted for price. German
foreign trade was particularly dynamic in 2015: In real
terms, Germany exported 5.4 % more than in 2014. Im-
ports rose slightly quicker by 5.7 % in real terms.

In 2015, the number of persons unemployed fell by 3.6 %
to an average of 2.8 million persons. The unemployment
rate was 6.4 %. The consumer research organization
Gesellschaft flir Konsumforschung (GfK) established that
the consumer climate has dampened slightly in the sec-
ond half of 2015. However, consumer expectations
about the economy and their income were significantly
higher by the end of the year. According to calculations
from the German Federal Statistical Office, consumer
prices rose by 0.3% during 2015. The continued fall in

the rate of inflation was characterized considerably by
the fall in energy prices.

According to the ifo Institute, the economic recovery in
the euro area is now being felt in central and eastern
European EU member states. A decrease in unem-
ployment and increasing real incomes have resulted in
consumer spending making a strong contribution to
economic performance everywhere. Additional impetus
was provided by exports. However, exports in Poland
and the Baltic states were affected by the recession in
Russia.

Industry environment

Press distribution market

Continuing the trend of prior periods, the German press
distribution market contracted somewhat further. The
total paid circulation of newspapers and magazines was
6.0 % below the corresponding prior-year figure. Thanks
to the price increases implemented in the past four quar-
ters, however, circulation revenues declined by only 3.6 %.

The 351 IVW registered daily and Sunday newspapers
achieved total sales of 18.6 million copies per publication
date. Compared to the prior-year figure, this corre-
sponds to a decline of 4.6%. Newsstand sales (-9.3%)
— as in the prior year — suffered a much greater decline
than subscription sales (-3.5 %). Within the press distri-
bution market, the demand for daily and Sunday news-
papers — as weighted for their respective publication
frequencies — declined by 5.8%.

Overall sales of general-interest magazines including
membership and club magazines was 98.1 million copies
per publication date. Compared to the prior-year period,
this corresponds to a decline of 4.1 %. IVWW tracked a
total of 789 titles (-4.0 % compared with the prior-year
figure). The demand for general-interest magazines —
weighted for their respective publication frequencies —
declined by 6.7 %.


--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Whereas the circulation volumes of print media declined
again in 2015, online media continued the growth trend
of prior years. According to the study “digital facts
2015-10” published by the Working Group for Online
Research (AGOF), 52.9 million people in Germany use
the Internet today (Internet users within the last three
months). That number represents 76.3 % of German
residents aged 14 and older. Of the total regular Internet
users, 67.7 % go online to obtain information about
world events, and 60.7 % use the Internet for regional or
local news. Thus, getting the news is one of the main
reasons for using the Internet, besides online searches,
e-mail, online shopping, and weather forecasts. Job
listings are also one of the 20 most-used online catego-
ties. Alongside the wired Internet, the mobile Internet
continues to gain in importance according to the study.
In the last three months, 37.8 million people used mobile
Internet (54.6 % of the German-speaking residential
population of Germany over 14 years of age). In most
cases (97.0%), mobile Internet use was predominantly in
addition to desktop use. According to IVW, content
portals of German print media were visited somewhat
more frequently in 2015 compared to the previous year.
The 20 most popular portals of German daily newspa-
pers increased the number of visits by an aggregate of
12.7 %, whilst the visits to portals belonging to maga-
zines rose by 14.4%.

Advertising market

The German Advertising Association (ZAW) assumes in
its forecast for 2015, issued in December, that net ad-
vertising revenues will be at the prior-year figure.

23

Combined Management Report
Economic report

According to the latest advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia (“Advertising Expenditure Forecast“,
December 2015), the advertising market in Germany in
2015 was slightly above the prior-year figure.

According to these surveys, net revenues of the total
advertising market (including classified ads and adver-
tising supplements, less discounts granted and agency
commissions, and excluding production costs) amount-
ed to € 19.0 billion in the reporting period, reflecting a
nominal increase of 1.7 % from the prior-year figure.

In the German online market (display ads, search term
marketing, and affiliates), net advertising revenues rose
by 9.7 % to € 5.1 billion in 2015.

In the category of print media, the net advertising reve-
nues of newspapers (newspapers, advertising supple-
ments, and newspaper supplements) amounted to

€ 4.8 billion in 2015, reflecting a 3.3 % decrease from the
prior-year figure. The net advertising revenues of maga-
zines (general-interest and trade magazines, directory
media) declined by 4.2 % to € 2.9 billion. According to
ZenithOptimedia, digital advertising revenues overtook
newspaper advertising revenues for the first time in 2015.

In 2015, television advertising in Germany rose by
3.3% to € 4.4 billion, and net advertising revenues in
radio declined by 0.4 % to € 735 million. The net adver-
tising revenues of outdoor advertising rose by 2.0% to
€ 945 million in 2015.


--- Page 14 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

According to ZenithOptimedia, the following advertising
revenue developments are expected for selected coun-
tries in 2015:

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2015 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared

to prior year (nominal) Online Print
Germany 97% -37%
United Kingdom 13.1% -9.3%
France” 44% -9.0%
Poland” 107%  -15.6%
Switzerland” 16.7% -3.1%
Hungary 7.7% 2.0%
Belgium” 5.0% -5.9%
Slovakia” 22.1% -3.6%
Netherlands 7.4% 5.2%
Serbia” 10.9% 8.2%
Austria” 13.2% -45%
Ireland 22.2% 2.8%
Italy” 87% -6.8%
Spain” 10.0% 0.9%
USA 18.2% -47%
Israel 18.1% = -14.1%
India” 30.0% 135%
Brazil 5.9% -9.1%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast (December 2015).
Excluding Classified ads, that means exclusively sales from display advertising.
®! Gross advertising revenues (excluding classified ads).

Business performance

At the beginning of January 2015, we acquired 51 % of
the shares of the @Leisure Group. @Leisure is a lead-
ing European operator of online brokerage portals for
vacation home rentals. Through the majority investment
in @Leisure, Axel Springer complements its existing
digital activities in the travel segment.

In February 2015, Axel Springer signed an agreement
with the shareholders of the real estate portal, Immow-
elt, regarding combining the Immowelt Group and our
Immonet Group. After finalization of various purchase

Combined Management Report
Economic report

and contribution agreements in June 2015, both real
estate portals were brought under the auspices of the
new Immowelt Holding AG company. Axel Springer
holds a majority interest in the company of 55%. The
other 45 % is held by the current shareholders of Im-
mowelt AG. The remaining shareholders have been
offered various options for selling their shareholding to
Axel Springer in connection with the transaction. The
transaction was based on a valuation of both companies
totaling € 420 million. Axel Springer paid a total of ap-
proximately € 131 million as a purchase price to the
previous partners of Immowelt in connection with creat-
ing the new structure. The combining of both portals
makes it possible to sustainably improve the competitive
position within the German market segment for real
estate portals.

aufeminin has taken over all shares in the digital publish-
er Livingly Media in the USA in the first quarter of 2015
as part of its strategy of internationalization. Livingly
Media operates the three websites Zimbio.com (enter-
tainment), StyleBistro.com (fashion, beauty and style)
and Lonny.com (living and decor). Later on in the year,
the company also started an additional website in the
form of livingly.com (fashion, beauty and lifestyle).

Furthermore, aufeminin intends to concentrate on its
digital publishing activities and thus sold its shares in the
subsidiary Smart AdServer to Cathay Capital and to the
current management of Smart AdServer in April 2015 at a
total price of € 37 million.

In the first quarter of 2015, we sold about 2.7 % of our
equity stake in Dogan TV Holding A.S., Istanbul, Turkey.
The proceeds from this transaction amounted to € 63.3
million.

At the end of July 2015, the media group Talpa Media
acquired the remaining 50.1 % interest in the TV produc-
ers Talpa Germany from Axel Springer SE. In December
2014, Talpa had already acquired 49.9% of Talpa Ger-
many (previously Schwartzkopff TV.)


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

In August, Axel Springer SE sold its majority share

(50.1 %) in Runtastic GmbH, a provider of mobile apps
for measuring sports and fitness data, to the Adidas
Group. The company value for the entire transaction
amounted to € 220 million. In October 2013, Axel
Springer acquired the shares for a company value of

€ 22 million, and then to a limited extent made further
investments in the company.

In July, Axel Springer and ProSiebenSat.1 announced a
joint initiative for promoting digital startups. The aim is
joint investments in companies and funds, linking the
incubation and accelerator programs as well as media-
for-equity investments. In August, both cooperation
partners acquired equity stakes in the LAKESTAR II
investment fund with an overall mid-double-digit contri-
bution in millions over the term of the fund. The fund will
concentrate on digital companies with a focus on Europe
and the USA. In September, Axel Springer and ProSie-
benSat.1 each acquired a non-controlling interest in
Jaunt, an American startup that has specialized in the
creation and dissemination of virtual reality content.

Also in September, Axel Springer agreed a strategic
partnership with Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. for the
development of new digital media formats. The first result
of the partnership was the presentation of the beta ver-
sion of upday, a content platform for aggregated, curat-
ed and self-written news content. The product combines
selected information (content that users want to know
about in order to be able to have a say) from local editori-
al teams in various countries with information offers se-
lected by algorithm that are tailored to the individual inter-
ests of users. After the launch in Germany and Poland in
September 2015, the product is also due to be launched
on the market in France and Great Britain in 2016.

In September 2015, Yad2 acquired 70 % of the shares in
Saknai Net Ltd., the operator of Drushim, one of the
leading Israeli job portals, and strengthened its position
on the market for online job exchanges.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

In September 2015, Ringier and Axel Springer signed the
contract for the establishment of a joint venture in
Switzerland. Since January 1, 2016, all Swiss-German
and West Swiss newspaper titles (including their associ-
ated online portals) of Ringier as well as the West Swiss
broadsheet, Le Temps, and all of Axel Springer’s busi-
ness in Switzerland are combined under the Ringier Axel
Springer Schweiz company. With the new company, the
partners want to significantly improve their competitive-
ness in the Swiss readers and advertising market, and in
particular force the digitization of its well-known brands.
Axel Springer is consolidating the pro rata income from
investments.

Also in September, Axel Springer concluded an agree-
ment for the purchase of around 87.8 % of the shares in
Business Insider. New York based Business Insider,
operates the leading digital offering for business and
financial news in the U.S. (businessinsider.com). The
acquisition is a vital part of Axel Springer strategy to
broaden its global digital reach and expand its journalistic
portfolio in the English-speaking world. Business Insider
is thus present in nine countries. The purchase price for
the acquired shares in Business Insider totaled € 320.4
million. Axel Springer previously held an equity stake of
around 8.7 % of the company and after the purchase
holds around 96.5 % of the Business Insider shares.
Henry Blodget, founder, Chief Executive Officer and
Editor-in-Chief, and Julie Hansen, Chief Operating Officer
and President, will also manage Business Insider in the
future in the respective functions. The transaction was
completed at the end of October 2015.

At the beginning of October, Axel Springer acquired a
non-controlling interest in the New York-based Thrillist
Media Group, one of the leading digital media compa-
nies and lifestyle media for the male "millennials".

In October, Axel Springer sold its activities in Russia.
Axel Springer had been active in Russia since 2004; the
portfolio includes the brands FORBES, OK!, GEO and
GALA BIOGRAFIA.


--- Page 16 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

In November 2015, as part of its efforts focusing on the
digital growth strategy, Axel Springer agreed the sale of
its interest in CarWale, a leading online portal for auto-
mobiles in the Indian market, at a converted purchase
price (net of taxes) of € 64.2 million. The transaction was
completed in January 2016.

In December, we acquired the remaining 15 % of shares
in Axel Springer Digital Classifieds GmbH from Gen-
eral Atlantic Codperatif U.A., Amsterdam, the Netherlands,
in return for issuing new shares in Axel Springer SE. In
doing so, Axel Springer now controls 100% of the com-
pany in which significant parts of the Classified Ad busi-
ness are combined. As part of this transaction, General
Atlantic Codperatif U.A. received 8,955,311 new shares
of Axel Springer SE. Thus, General Atlantic now holds an
8.3% stake in Axel Springer. The new shares were creat-
ed based on the authorized capital that was approved by
the annual shareholders’ meeting in 2015. The capital
increase was entered in the commercial register on De-
cember 9, 2015, thereby increasing the total number of
Axel Springer shares from 98,940,000 to 107,895,311.
5,803,799 of the new shares were admitted for trading on
December 17, 2015, with the remaining shares due to be
admitted for trading at the end of 2016.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Overall statement of the Executive
Board on the course of business and
economic environment

Digitization continues to be the defining trend for the
economic environment for media companies. Segments
of the Axel Springer Group have therefore developed
accordingly. The strongest increase in revenues was
recorded with the two segments that have been fully
digitized, namely Classified Ads and Marketing Models.
Revenues for Paid Models decreased slightly due to the
higher proportion of print business which declined due to
structural changes. Business performance was also
influenced by acquisitions in digital business models and
active portfolio management. The overall positive devel-
opment in the financial year confirms our strategy of
rigorously digitizing the company.


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

Financial performance of the Group
(continuing operations)

The following presentation of the Group’s financial per-
formance refers exclusively to continuing operations.

During the reporting year, total revenues were

€ 3,294.9 million, and therefore 8.5 % above the prior-
year figure (€ 3,037.9 million). The revenue increase
resulted from growth in the segments of Classified Ad
Models and Marketing Models, while the revenues of the

Paid Models and the Services/Holding segment declined.

Adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, total
revenues were 1.6 % higher than the prior-year.

The pro-forma revenues for digital media increased
to € 2,004.6 million (PY: € 1,794.6 million), organic
growth was correspondingly at 11.7%. For the operative
segments, organic growth was 13.6 % for Classified Ad
Models, 6.7 % for Paid Models, and 12.2% for Marketing
Models. The pro-forma revenues take into account the
development of companies, which currently belong to
the Axel Springer Group and hence also the companies.
acquired in 2014 and 2015 on the basis of unaudited
financial data.

International revenues rose by 20.2 % from € 1,309.3
million to € 1,573.5 million and amounted to 47.8% (PY:
43.1 %) of Axel Springer’s total revenues. The increase
resulted from the growing internationalization of the
digital business.

The increase in advertising revenues by 16.1% to

€ 2,107.6 million (PY: € 1,815.1 million) was largely at-
tributable to the growth in Classified Ads and Marketing
Models, whilst advertising revenues from Paid Models
were slightly below the prior-year figure. Advertising
revenues as a proportion of total revenues was 64.0 %
(PY: 59.7 %). Of the total advertising revenues, 80.4 %
were generated by digital activities.

27

Circulation revenues totaled € 721.7 million and were
1.8% below the prior-year figure (€ 735.3 million). The
structural circulation declines within the print business
were therefore able to be partially compensated for by
way of copy price increases and increasing digital distribu-
tion revenues. Circulation revenues only accounted for
21.9% of total revenue (PY: 24.2 %).

The other revenues of € 465.7 million were 4.5% below
the prior-year figure (€ 487.5 million). Primarily, consolida-
tion effects had an impact (including in particular the sale
of Talpa Germany and Smart AdServer). When adjusted
for such effects they increased by 4.2%. Overall, other
revenues represented a share of 14.1% (PY: 16.0%) of
the total revenues.

Compared to the prior year, total expenses increased by
6.7 % to € 3,175.7 million (PY: € 2,977.3 million). The
increase is predominantly due to consolidation effects of
acquired companies.

Compared to the prior-year figure, purchased goods
and services increased slightly by 2.4% to € 1,013.5
million (PY: € 990.0 million). Due to investments in com-
panies with less intensive purchased goods and services,
the ratio of purchased goods and services to total reve-
nues fell to 30.8% (PY: 32.6%).

The increase in personnel expenses by 12.9% to

€ 1,100.3 million (PY: € 974.4 million) resulted predomi-
nantly from the inclusion of subsidiaries acquired in the
prior year and in the financial year, and the higher number
of employees within the digital business models segment.
The average number of employees grew in 2015 by 7.9%.

Depreciation, amortization, and impairments
amounted to € 199.8 million and were considerably lower
than the prior-year figure of € 255.6 million, despite con-
solidation effects and investments in intangible assets with
increasing effects. In the previous year, impairment losses
of € 33.0 million were applied within the framework of the
valuation of real estate held for sale, as well as impairment
losses on goodwill within the Marketing Models segment.


--- Page 18 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Other operating income was € 271.8 million, in partic-
ular due to the sale of Runtastic and the Smart-AdServer
group, and therefore significantly above the prior-year
figure (PY: € 164.7 million). The other operating ex-
penses were € 862.2 million, mainly due to the incorpo-
ration of acquired subsidiaries, and therefore above the
prior-year figure (PY: € 757.2 million).

Net investment income amounted to € 24.7 million
(PY: € 81.4 million) which was characterized, in particular,
during the prior year by the profit from the sale of our
interest in iProperty. The operating net investment shown
in the EBITDA amounted to € 3.8 million. (PY: € 10.7
million).

The net financial result was € —22.2 million, which was
almost at the prior-year figure (PY: € -21.1 million).

During the reporting period, income taxes amounted to
€-136.2 million. (PY: € -78.9 million). The tax rate for
the reporting period of 30.9% (PY: 25.1 %) was influ-
enced, amongst others, in the financial year as well as in
the prior year by the largely tax-exempt income from
sales of investments.

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amorti-
zation (EBITDA) rose by 10.2% to € 559.0 million com-
pared to the prior-year figure (PY: € 507.1 million). The
generated EBITDA margin of 17.0 % exceeded the level of
the prior year (PY: 16.7 %). The EBITDA of digital activi-
ties increased by 19.4% from € 358.9 million to € 428.7
million. This meant that based on operative business the
share of digital business of EBITDA rose from 62.4% to
69.6 %. As aresult of the slight decline in depreciation, the
earings before interest and taxes (EBIT) increased by
13.8% to € 449.0 million (PY: € 394.6 million). Non-
recurring effects e.g. such as gains or losses on the sale
of business divisions and investments are not included in
EBITDA and EBIT; furthermore, write-downs from pur-
chase price allocations and write-downs linked with the
sale of real estate are not included in EBIT.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The net income from continuing operations amounted
to € 304.6 million (PY: € 235.7 million). The adjusted net
income from continuing activities at € 279.3 million was
above the prior-year level (€ 251.2 million).

Net Income (continuing operations)

€ millions 2015 2014
Net income (continuing operations) 304.6 235.7
Non-recurring effects -98.9 45.0
Depreciation, amortization, and
impairments of purchase price allocations 84.9 103.9
Taxes attributable to these effects -113 43.4
Net income, adjusted (from continuing
operations) 279.3 251.2
Attributable to non-controlling interest 58.3 52.3
Adjusted net income from continuing
operations attributable to shareholders
of Axel Springer SE 220.9 198.8

The earnings per share from continuing operations (undi-
luted = diluted) amounted to € 2.50 (PY: € 1.71). Based on
the average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting
period (99.7 million; PY: 98.9 million), the calculated ad-
justed earnings per share from continuing operations
(undiluted = diluted) increased to € 2.22 (PY: € 2.01).

Adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are
not defined under International Financial Reporting Stand-
ards, and should therefore be regarded as supplementary
information to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Financial performance of the operating
segments (continuing operations)

An adjustment of the segmentation was performed dur-
ing the financial year with regard to the assignment of
individual operational functions. As a result, a part of the
reclassification of costs and earnings between segments
was omitted. Furthermore, the continued transformation
of Axel Springer into a digital publisher by way of
amended cost distributions was taken into account. The
prior-year figures for the segments were adjusted for
comparison purposes.

Classified Ad Models

All Business models which predominantly generate reve-
nues in online classified advertising are summarized in
the Classified Ad Models segment.

The segment is sub-divided into jobs, real estate, and
general/other.

Key Figures Classified Ad Models

€ millions 2015 2014 Change
External revenues 753.1 512.0 471%
Advertising revenues 730.7 492.7 48.3%
Other revenues 22.4 19.3 15.8%
Jobs 360.7 256.4 40.6 %
Real Estate 231.0 193.5, 19.4%
General/Other 161.4 62.1 — >100%
EBITDA” 305.0 217.7 40.1%
Jobs 157.4 417.7 33.8%
Real Estate 107.1 92.4 15.9%
General/Other 49.5 149  >100%
EBITDA maring 40.5% 42.5%
Jobs 43.7% 45.9%
Real Estate 46.4% 47.8%
General/Other 30.7% 23.9%

” Segment EBITDA includes non-allocated costs of € 9.0 million (PY: € 7.2 million).

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The Classified Ad Models segment registered the biggest
revenue growth of all segments during the financial year
with revenues of € 753.1 million and growth of 47.1 %
compared to the previous year (€ 512.0 million). Along-
side an improvement in operative results, particularly
from job portals; consolidation effects, amongst other
things, had an influence due to the incorporation of
@Leisure, Jobsite, LaCentrale Immowelt and Yad2.
Adjusted for these effects, revenue growth came to
14.5%. Also, the increase in advertising revenues by
48.3 % to € 730.7 million (PY: € 492.7 million) was large-
ly attributable to consolidation effects. Adjusted for these
effects, the increase came to 15.5%.

The EBITDA for the segment rose considerably by 40.1 %
to € 305.0 million (PY: € 217.7 million). As in the case of
revenues, a significant part of the increase can be attribut-
ed to consolidation effects. Adjusted for these effects,
growth came to 17.1%. The margin fell from 42.5 % to
40.5 %. Here, the inclusion of acquired companies, the
margins of which are below the average value of the seg-
ment margin, is noticeable. Moreover, in the second half,
the additional marketing expenses in the area of real es-
tate portals after first-time consolidation of Immowelt
showed an effect for the first time.

EBIT in the Classified Ad Models segment rose by 38.5%
from € 198.6 million to € 275.1 million. Depreciation,
amortization and impairments rose by 56.8% to

€ 29.9 million (PY: € 19.1 million).

Paid Models

The Paid Models segment comprises all business mod-
els that are predominantly used by paying readers. This
segment is subdivided into national and international
paid-content models.

Paid Models National

The circulation and reach figures for selected print offer-
ings in the Paid Model segment as well as the associated
online portals are presented in the following table.


--- Page 20 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Circulation, Digital Subscriptions, and Reach

Combined Management Report
Economic report

memorate the 25th anniversary of German reunification.
This special issue was successfully marketed to adver-

Circu- tising customers.
lation/
Digital- Change : :
Thousands Subs” yoy Reach” Change” Paid Models International
Bild/B.Z. 2,158.0 -9.5%  10,357.2 0.0% The reach of the business portal Business Insider, circula-
Bild am Sonntag 40787 -69% 83939 -3.1% tion and reach figures for the selected mass-circulation
bild.de (total) 2012 254% | 19.4850 7 dailies within the countries of our joint venture Ringier Axel
bild.d Springer Media as well as the net reach of the corre-
ild.de A
(stationary) - ~  16,637.0 - sponding online portals are presented in the table below.
bild.de (mobile) - - 7,983.0 -
Circulation and Reach
Die Welt/ =
Welt Kompakt 1955  -5.3% 6704 0.2% Circu- Change Change
Tsd. lation yoy Reach yoy
Welt am Sonntag/ ‘ 5 )
Welt am Sonntag Business Insider (total) - - 67,6278" 45.6%
y
Kompakt  °°% Ee 28% Business Insider (USA) - - 41,495.97 46.6%
welt.de (total) 69.4 259%  14,694.0 - Business Insider
welt.de (USA, stationary) - - 15,414.57 19.2%
(stationary) - - Bog - Business Insider
welt.de (mobile) - - 6,487.0 - (USA, mobile) - ~ 28,403.67 68.5%
” Source: IW, average paid circulation 2015; For bild.de (total) and welt.de (total):
IM\, digital subscriptions (paid content), monthly average 2015 (May-Dec) vs. 2014 onet.pl - - 15,323.29 -6.9%
(May-Dec).
*! Source: ma 2016 Pressemedien I; For bild.de and welt.de: AGOF 2015-10, Unique
Users. a = -
Compared to ma 2015 Pressemedien II Fake 207.6 5.3% [Ao ~ 16.6%
fakt24.pl - - 3,947.99 89%
The focus of the national digital Paid Models remained to
sign up paying subscribers in the area of stationary Inter- BIikk? 1278 -45% 738.7 -71%
net. For this Purpose, marketing campaigns with exclu- blikkchu . 7 7605" 13.9%
sive events were carried out, amongst others, for sub-
scribers of digital paid models from BILDplus and WELT. 9
. -8.79 =15.0%
Both BiLDplus and the corresponding offerings from Blic us) 87% easy - 15.0%
blic.rs - - 2,774.49 -41%

WELT showed a clear increase in the number of sub-
scribers to digital offers.

The circulation numbers of the print media in the Paid
Models segment declined in financial year 2015, due to
market trends, while the reach values increased slightly
in some cases.

BILD newspaper published a single nationwide special
edition in the reporting period (PY: two editions). With a
circulation of approx. 42 million copies, “BILD zur Ein-
heit” was distributed on October 1, 2015, free of
charge to nearly all households in Germany, to com-

" Source: comScore USA, own estimates, monthly average (Jan-Dec 2015).

Source: comScore USA, monthly average (Jan-Dec 2015).

9 Source: comScore Europa, monthly average (Jan-Dec 2015); blk hu, monthly average
(Wun-Dec 2015).

Poland. Circulation: ZKDP, 2015 (Jan-Dec) vs. 2014 (Jan-Dec.); Reach: PBC
General, 2015 (Jan-Nov) vs. 2014 (Jan-Nov).

®) Hungary. Circulation: MATESZ, 2015 (Jan-Dec) vs. 2014 (Jan-Dec); Reach:
Millward Brown, TNS, 2015 (Jan-Sep) vs. 2014 (Jan-Sep).

® Serbia. Circulation: Company Information, 2015 (Jan-Dec) vs. ABC, 2014 (Jan-Dec};
Reach: Ipsos Strategic Marketing, 2015 (Jan-Dec) vs. 2014 (Jan-Deo)

In 2015, Business Insider saw significant growth in its
reach, driven predominantly by very strong growth in its
mobile reach. There is no data for mobile reach devel-
opment comparable with the net reaches of the online


--- Page 21 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

portals in other European countries illustrated in the table.
As a result, the table for these portals does not reflect

the dynamic growth based on the increasing use of
mobile terminal devices. However, this is of real im-
portance to some of our digital activities. The circulation
and reach figures of our international print media de-
clined in line with market conditions.

Key Figures Paid Models

€ millions 2015 2014 Change
External revenues 1,582.2 1,617.5 -2.2%
Advertising revenues 652.1 671.0 -2.8%
Circulation revenues. 721.3 735.3 -1.9%
Other revenues 208.8 211.2 -1.1%
National 1,169.7 1,228.8 -48%
Advertising revenues 465.5 497.7 -6.5%
Circulation revenues. 559.5 576.9 -3.0%
Other revenues 144.7 154.2 -6.2%
International 412.5 388.7 6.1%
Advertising revenues 186.6 173.4 76%
Circulation revenues. 161.8 158.3 2.2%
Other revenues 64.2 57.0 12.7%
EBITDA 223.2 251.4 -11.2%
National 170.7 200.0 -14.7%
International 52.5 51.3 2.3%
EBITDA margin 14.1% 15.5%
National 14.6% 16.3%
International 12.7% 13.2%

31

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The total revenues of the Paid Models segment fell by
2.2% to € 1,582.2 million (PY: € 1,617.5 million). Adjust-
ed for consolidation effects, total revenues were 4.0 %
below the prior-year figure. The structural declines within
the print business were noticeable both in terms of ad-
vertising revenues as well as circulation revenues. Adver-
tising revenues for national Paid Models (-6.5 %) includ-
ed strong comparable values from the previous years as
a result of two BILD special editions and the Soccer
World Cup. Advertising revenues for international Paid
Models increased by 7.6 % as a result of consolidation
effects (including, among others, Business Insider). Ad-
justed for consolidation effects, advertising revenues for
Paid Models were down by 5.9% compared to the prior-
year figure, with circulation revenues down by 2.2%.

At € 223.2 million, EBITDA was 11.2% below the prior-
year figure (€ 251.4 million). In addition to the decline in
revenues, this was also primarily down to the increase in
restructuring expenses from € 24.5 million to € 34.8
million, while launch costs for developing new business-
es of € 12.4 million were below the prior-year figure of
(€ 17.2 million). The margin on the segment fell from
15.5% in the previous year to 14.1 % in the current fi-
nancial year.

EBIT in the segment Paid Models fell by 11.6% from

€ 214.3 million to € 189.4 million. Depreciation, amortiza-
tion and impairments fell by 9.0% from € 37.1 million to
€ 33.8 million.

Marketing Models

The Marketing Models segment comprises all business
models that generate revenues predominantly through
sales to advertising customers of reach-based or per-

formance-based marketing services.


--- Page 22 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Key Figures Marketing Models

Combined Management Report
Economic report

EBIT in the Marketing Models segment fell by 16.0%
from € 89.6 million to € 75.3 million. Depreciation, amor-

€ millions 2015 2014 Change tization and impairments fell during the reporting period
External revenues 878.9 794.4 10.7% by 25.1% to € 12.6 million (PY: € 16.9 million).
Advertising revenues 725.1 651.3 11.3% Services/Holding
Other revenues 188.8 1427 78% Group Services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as the holding functions, are
Reach Based Marketing 298.2 279.3 6.8% reported within the Services/Holding segment. The
Performance Marketing 580.7 514.7 12.8% group services are purchased by internal, group-wide
customers at standard market prices.
EBITDA” 88.0 106.5  -17.4%
Reach Based Marketing 73.6 90.8 -18.9% Key Figures Services/Holding
Performance Marketing 25.0 23.7 5.4%
€ millions 2015 2014 Change
External revenues 80.7 1144 -29.4%
EBITDA margin 10.0% 13.4%
Reach Based Marketing 24.7% 32.5% EBITDA = vs
Performance Marketing 43% 4.6%

” Segment EBITDA includes non-allocated costs of € 10.6 million (PY: € 8.0 millon).

Total revenues in the Marketing Models segment in-
creased compared to the prior-year figure by 10.7 % to
€ 878.9 million (PY: € 794.1 million). Also adjusted for
consolidation effects, revenues increased markedly by
13.0%. Most of the revenue growth resulted from the
11.3% increase in advertising revenues. This increase
was mainly attributable to the zanox Group in the area of
Performance Marketing. Growth in other revenues was
7.8% and was generated within Performance Marketing.

EBITDA in the Marketing Models segment fell by 17.4 %
to € 88.0 million (PY: € 106.5 million). Whilst EBITDA
slightly improved in Performance Marketing, results from
Reach Based Marketing were below the prior-year figure,
which was mainly due to an intensified competitive envi-
ronment at idealo and thus the necessary investments in
product development as well as changes in the portfolio
at aufeminin (amongst others, the sale of Smart AdServer)
and the expenses for the internationalization of the Bonial
Group. The EBITDA margin fell from 13.4 % to 10.0%.

32

Total revenues within the Services/Holding segment of
€ 80.7 million were down by 29.4% compared to the
prior-year figure (€ 114.4 million), predominantly as a
result of the sale of shares of the distribution service
provider IMS Internationaler Medienservice in the first
quarter of 2015.

EBITDA was at € -57.1 million (PY: € -68.5 million). The
improvement was predominantly a result of less non-
operating expenses. Restructuring expenses were

€ 26.7 million (PY: € 22.2 million).

The EBIT in the Services/Holding segment was at € -90.8
million (PY: € -108.0 million). Depreciation, amortization
and impairments of € 33.7 million were below the prior-
year figure (€ 39.4 million).


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Financial performance of discontinued
operations

In the previous year, we reported domestic regional
newspapers, TV program guides and women’s maga-
zines as well as the businesses and equity holdings of
Ringier Axel Springer Media in the Czech Republic sepa-
rately as discontinued operations. Both sales were com-
pleted on April 30, 2014.

Discontinued Operations

€ millions 2015 2014”
External revenues 0.0 181.3
EBITDA 0.0 29.3

EBITDA margin - 16.2%
Net income 28 668.3
Earnings per share (in €),
basic = diluted 0.03 6.37
Net income, adjusted 0.0 19.7
Earnings per share, adjusted (in €)"
basic = diluted 0.00 0.17

"The operating result from discontinued operations only concerns the period until the
closing date as of April 30, 2014.

®) The eamings per share (basic/diluted) adjusted for non-recurring effects, amortiza-
tion and impairments from purchase price allocations were calculated on the basis
of average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period (99.7 milion; PY:
98.9 milion),

Non-recurring effects, for example such as gains or
losses on the sale of business divisions and investments
and write-downs from purchase price allocations are not
included in EBITDA. Adjusted net income and adjusted
earnings per share are not defined under International
Financial Reporting Standards, and should therefore be
regarded as supplementary information to the consoli-
dated financial statements.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Liquidity
Financial management

As a general rule, Axel Springer SE provides all financing
for the Axel Springer Group. This arrangement ensures
that the Group companies have sufficient liquidity at all
times. The overriding goal of financial management is to
provide cost-effective liquidity in the form of maturity-
matched financing.

Net Liquidity/Debt

€ millions 2015 2014
Cash and cash equivalents” 186.3 383.1
Financial liabilities 1,252.9 1,050.9
Net liquidity/debt -667.8

1,066.6

” In 2015, without the purchase price received in connection with real estate sales
amounting to € 67.5 milion, attributable to the plan assets created for our pension
obligations.

The increase in net debt reported on December

31, 2015 resulted predominantly from cash outflows
from finalized company acquisitions within the scope of
our digitization and internationalization strategy. This
development was partially offset by payments from the
sale of companies, including in particular the sale of
Runtastic and 2.7 % of our share in Dogan TV.

In order to optimize our financing conditions, we have
improved the average interest rate of our credit lines in
the third quarter, increased the financing volume and
extended the term. Besides the Schuldschein (promisso-
ry note) which mature in April 2016 (nominal value of

€ 56.5 million), in April 2018 (nominal value of € 112.0
million), in October 2018 (nominal value of € 220.0 mil-
lion) and in October 2020 (nominal value of € 248.5
million), as of December 31, 2015 there are credit lines in
the amount of € 1,500.0 million, the utilization of which is
due for repayment in July 2020. Both the Schuldschein
and the credit facilities may be used either for general
business purposes or for financing acquisitions.


--- Page 24 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

As of December 31, 2015, € 618.0 million (December
31, 2014: € 409.0 million) of the existing long-term credit
facilities were taken as drawdowns. The total available
amount of unutilized short-term and long-term credit
facilities was € 902.0 million on the reporting date (De-
cember 31, 2014: € 511.0 million).

Cash flows

The following presentation of cash flows also includes
discontinued operations.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2015 2014
Cash flow from continuing operations 369.6 360.8
Cash flow from investing activities 546.4 92.7
Cash flow from financing activities 514 -343.8
Change in cash and cash equivalents 125.8 109.6
Cash and cash equivalents as of

December 31 253.8 383.1

Cash flow from operating activities for the continuing
operations in the reporting period was € 369.6 million, a
figure which was, particularly due to higher earnings,
above the value from the prior year (€ 339.2 million).

The cash flow from investing activities of the continuing
operations in the reporting period amounted to € -538.3
million. (PY: € —440.8 million). The cash outflows (less
cash and cash equivalents acquired) in the reporting year
for the acquisition of equity shares in consolidated sub-
sidiaries and business units, as well as financial assets
amounting to € 708.5 million (PY: € 572.5 million) were
attributable primarily to the acquisitions of Business Insid-
er, Immowelt, the @Leisure Group, and Thrillist. Further-

Combined Management Report
Economic report

more, this figure included increased ongoing investments
in intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, as
well as in particular the payments in connection with the
sale of Runtastic (€ 105.3 million) and Smart AdServer
(€ 37.0 million) as well as payments from the sale of

2.7 % of our equity stake in Dogan TV (€ 63.3 million).
The portion of the purchase price attributed to Axel
Springer from the sale of real estate assets finalized at the
start of 2016 (€ 48.1 million) is also included. Cash flow
from investing activities in the prior year was particularly
attributable to the acquisition of N24, My Little Paris,
Yad2, LaCentrale and Jobsite, as well as the repayment
of a purchase price claim, payments from the sale of the
non-controlling interests in iProperty and 2.6 % of our
share in Dogan TV. Discontinued operations in the prior
year predominantly comprised receipt of the purchase
price (net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of and
taxes paid) from the sale of our print activities to FUNKE
Mediengruppe of € 538.3 million.

The cash flow from financing activities in the reporting
period of € 51.1 million (PY: € -343.8 million), as in the
prior year, was attributable in full to continued operations
and was due to the payment of dividends to sharehold-
ers of Axel Springer SE and more particularly the repay-
ment of financial liabilities. The portion of the purchase
price collected by Axel Springer, attributable to the plan
assets formed for our pension payments, from the sale
of real estate assets finalized at the start of 2016 (€ 67.5
million) is also included. This was paid into the plan as-
sets in January 2016. Payments from the acquisition of
15 % of shares in Axel Springer Digital Classifieds

(€ 446.0 million) and a special distribution of funds of

€ 90.7 million in connection with the completed sale of
our print activities in the Czech Republic were also in-
cluded in the prior year.


--- Page 25 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Financial position
The following presentation also includes the separately

presented assets and liabilities attributable to discontin-
ued operations.

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2015 12/31/2014

Non-current assets 5,187.2 4,466.5

Current assets 1,317.4 1,241.9

Assets 6504.7 5,708.5
Equity 25115 2,505.7
Non-current liabilities 2,455.5 2,169.6

Current liabilities 1,537.8 1,033.2

Equity and liabilities 6504.7 5,708.5

‘An adjustment was performed during the reporting year 2014 (see also the infor-
mation in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under Note (4).

The consolidated balance sum was € 6,504.7 million,
and therefore higher than at the end of 2014 (€ 5,708.5
million), largely due to acquisitions.

Significant development of the long-term financial posi-
tion resulted predominantly from the increase in intangi-
ble assets by € 728.0 million, resulting in particular from
initial consolidation of Business Insider, Immowelt and
the @Leisure Group. In addition to the designated as
held for sale real estate assets (including associated
financing leasing liability), assets (including goodwill) of
our Swiss print activities in connection with the joint
venture with Ringier, which was completed at the begin-
ning of 2016, were shown separately.

Another reason for the slight increase in current assets
was the initial consolidation of acquired companies. The
decline in cash and cash equivalents and the reduction
of a loan granted in the prior year had a partial offsetting
effect on the immediate payment of a special distribution
of funds finalized during the financial year in connection
with the sale of our print activities in the Czech Republic.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The increase in equity resulted, among others, from the
generated net income, from positive effects arising from
the currency conversion of consolidated financial state-
ments as well as from the adjustment of the discount
rate with regard to the pension accounting. The distribu-
tion of dividends to Axel Springer SE shareholders as
well as other shareholders had a reducing effect. In con-
junction with the consolidation of Immowelt and Immonet,
differences were taken into account to reduce equity, as
well as recording additional minority shares. Furthermore,
the capital stock and capital reserves of Axel Springer SE
were increased by issuing new shares in return for non-
cash contributions for the remaining 15 % of shares in
Axel Springer Digital Classifieds GmbH by € 8.9 million
or € 453.9 million respectively. The difference to the
reduced interests of other shareholders was offset
against equity without impacting income. The equity ratio
was 38.6 % (PY: 43.9%; an adjustment was performed
for financial year 2014 (see the information in the notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Section (4)).

The increase in non-current debt was mainly due to the
acquisition of companies and the associated increase in
financial liabilities through utilization of our credit line and
the increased latent passive liabilities. The increase in
other liabilities was primarily due to recognition of liabili-
ties from option rights granted for the acquisition or sale
of remaining non-controlling interests. By contrast, provi-
sions for pensions decreased due to adjustment of the
discount rate to 2.4 % to follow the current market level
(as of December 31, 2014: 1.9%).

The development in short-term debt was particularly due
to liabilities from option rights granted for the acquisition
of remaining non-controlling interests recognized during
the course of the finalized company acquisitions. Further
growth in short-term debt resulted from the reclassifica-
tion of non-current liabilities held for sale related to our
Swiss print activities in conjunction with the joint venture
with Ringier finalized at the start of 2016. Furthermore, a
portion of the financial liabilities was to be reported as
short-term as at the reporting date.


--- Page 26 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Axel Springer had an average of 15,023 (PY: 13,917)
employees (excluding vocational trainees and journalism
students/interns) in the reporting period. The 7.9 % in-
crease resulted primarily from the higher number of em-
ployees in Classified Ad Models and Marketing Models,

due to acquisitions and organic growth in these segments.

Outside of Germany, Axel Springer had an average of
6,846 employees (PY: 5,727); this accounted for 45.6 %
(PY: 41.2 %). On average, 6,289 of the Group’s total
workforce were women and 8,733 were men. The num-
ber of editors fell during the reporting period by 1.5% to
2,730; however the number of employees — largely due to
expansion of digital business activities and new equity
stakes — rose by a total of 10.7 % to 11,572 employees.
However, if compared at year-end, the number of editors
has increased by 3.5 %.

Employees by Segments (continuing operations)

Average number per year 2015 2014 Change
Classified Ad Models 3,660 2,580 41.9%
Paid Models 7,013 7,149 -1.9%
Marketing Models 2,505 2,220 12.8%
Services/Holding 1,844 1,968 6.3%
Group 15,023 13,917 79%

An adjustment of the segment allocation was performed during the reporting year
(see also the information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under
Note (31).

The strongest growth occurred in the Classified Ad Mod-
els segment, mainly due to acquisitions, but also to or-
ganic growth. In the Marketing Models segment, the
increase resulted from the growth of reach-based Mar-
keting Models, particularly with regard to the Bonial and
Idealo Group. The decrease in the Paid Models and Ser-
vice Holding segment is primarily due to the reduction in
headcount in IT (infrastructure support), AS Customer
Services, Sales Impact GmbH & Co.KG and the offset
printing plants.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Length of service and age structure

As of the reporting date in 2015, the average length of
service with Axel Springer was 10.4 (PY: 10.5); 41.8%
(PY: 42.5 %) of employees have worked for the company
for longer than ten years. More than half of all employees
are between 30 and 49 years of age. The proportion of
severely disabled employees in German companies was,
on average over the year, 3.7 % (PY: 3.8%).

Equal opportunity and diversity

Axel Springer promotes the development of all its em-
ployees equally. Thus in 2010, Axel Springer launched a
new, Group-wide project entitled “Chancen:gleich!” to
increase the percentage of women in senior manage-
ment positions, so as to achieve a better balance be-
tween women and men in the company’s management.
The objective of this program is to increase the percent-
age of women on all management levels to more than
30%, as a company-wide average. This objective is
being pursued in the form of various initiatives for the
targeted promotion and networking of women and to
increase the percentage of women with regard to new
recruits and promotions. As of December 31, 2015,
women held 27.9% of management positions within the
Axel Springer Group.

Personnel development

The training and continuing education activities of Per-
sonnel Development have been closely aligned with the
requirements of the digitization movement in prior years.
In addition to established seminars and support pro-
grams, the offering of shorter and unconventional for-
mats has in particular been greatly expanded, leading to
improved networking among individuals as well as the
pure transfer of knowledge. In doing so, Personnel De-
velopment is pursuing the objective of developing Axel
Springer into a permanent “learning organization” that is
able to stand up to change processes. The leverage of
synergies, the exchange of knowledge between the
companies forming part of the Axel Springer family as
well as the communication of new knowledge content
and the accompaniment of the teams with regard to the
introduction of new working methods, such as agile
process work, are equally important.


--- Page 27 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Research and development

Axel Springer does not have a traditional research and
development department of the kind that industrial enter-
prises maintain. All areas of the company constantly strive
to optimize their existing products and introduce innova-
tive new products to the market. Above all, we seek to
continuously expand our portfolio with innovations in the
digital sector, besides continuously improving our editorial
content and upgrading our journalistic excellence. In that
regard, we pay especially close attention to identifying
changing media usage habits as early as possible.

Further development of classified portals
The development of new offerings also applies to the
Classified Ad Models segment.

StepStone Deutschland introduced new “Liquid Design”
mobile job ads that significantly enhance mobile user
experience. “lrishjobs.ie Company Reviews” were intro-
duced in Ireland, providing candidates with detailed
information about companies as potential employers.

Yad2 has also invested in its mobile offering and devel-
oped a new app for the market for “blue collar” jobs. The
Offering is aimed primarily at users who are looking for
temporary jobs in their immediate vicinity and is becom-
ing increasingly popular with employers and job seekers.
in the Israeli market.

Further development of Paid Models

The existing platforms for paid content were also sys-
tematically expanded during the financial year. Improve-
ments in the registration process (“Single Sign On”),
integration of additional sales agreements and the tech-
nical processing of subscription transactions (buying
process, cash, postprocessing, etc.) were implemented.

Extensive development work was undertaken for the UP-
DAY project (see page 25) during the course of the year in
conjunction with the partnership with Samsung Electronics
Co. Ltd. that was announced in September 2015.

Further development of marketing services
In the Marketing Models, existing online offers were
continuously developed and supplemented by new ones.

37

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Development of innovative product functionalities and
marketing technologies for increasing reach and use of
offers as well as monetization is a key priority for our
investments. In addition, we also invest in new compa-
nies in an early stage of development, which develop
new business models and technologies. This is either as
a direct investment, or indirectly via investment compa-
nies such as the Project A-Ventures, where Axel Springer
and the Otto Group are both involved, or Axel Springer
Plug & Play Accelerator GmbH, a joint venture with Plug
& Play Tech Center in Silicon Valley.

Sustainability and social responsibility

For Axel Springer, sustainability is the nexus between
economic success and conduct that is both environmen-
tally responsible and socially fair. These three criteria are
firmly anchored in the company’s business strategy.
Therefore, sustainability is an integral part of all the com-
pany’s business processes. The Sustainability Depart-
ment supports all the company’s activities in this area —
ranging from resource efficiency measures to social
responsibility initiatives. This department reports directly
to the Executive Board Chairman. Through our sustaina-
bility strategy, we exercise responsibility for current and
future generations and establish the foundation for long-
term business success.

Since the mid 1990s Axel Springer has published envi-
ronmental reports, and sustainability reports have been
published since 2000. Since 2005 we have published a
sustainability report on a biannual basis, which follows the
full list of indicators of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI),
the internationally relevant format for sustainability report-
ing. The current sustainability report in "GRI+" format also
documents the "Media Sector Supplement" (GRI+). This
section provides additional indicators that are reflective of
the specific issues encountered by journalism companies.
At the same time, the report focuses on aspects of digiti-
zation which are relevant from a sustainability perspective.
Axel Springer’s sustainability reports are audited by inde-
pendent auditors. The current sustainability report ap-
peared in the middle of 2014 and can be found at
www.sustainability.axelspringer.com. The next sustaina-
bility report will appear in the middle of 2016.


--- Page 28 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

General assessment of the company’s
financial performance, liquidity, and
financial position by the Executive
Board

The strategy of digital transformation was also at the fore
during the 2015 financial year. We have driven digitiza-
tion organically as well as via acquisitions. Key mile-
stones in this context included the acquisition of Busi-
ness Insider in the autumn, as well as the acquisition of
the 15% stake held by General Atlantic in our digital
Classified advertising business in return for shares as part
of a capital increase. EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted
earnings per share from continuing operations were all
higher than in the previous year. Net debt has continued
to increase as a result of the acquisitions made. Consid-
ering the strong cash flow, the still exceedingly solid
balance sheet structure, and the cost-effective financing
options available to the company, we find ourselves in a
solid position to realize the necessary investments for
future growth.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

We continue to believe that the path of systematic digiti-
zation is the right strategy for assuring and further im-
proving the company’s profitability in the future.

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position
(continuing operations)

Group Key Figures

(Selection, in € millions) 2015 2014
Total revenues 3,294.9 3,037.9
EBITDA” 559.0 507.1
EBITDA margin” 17.0% 16.7%
EBIT? 449.0 394.6
Tax rate 30.9 % 25.1%
Net income 304.6 235.7
Net income, adjusted” 279.3 251.2
Earnings per share, adjusted (in €)”° 2.22 2.01
Dividend per share (in €)” 4.80 1.80
Total dividends” 194.2 178.1
Net debt/liquidity” -1,066.6 -667.8
Free cash flow” 299.8 244.1

” Adjusted for non-recurring effects, see also the information in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements under Note (32).

®! Adjusted for non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments from purchase
price allocations.

The eamings per share (basic/diluted) adjusted for non-recurring effects, amortiza-
tion and impairments from purchase price allocations were calculated on the basis
of average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period (99.7 million; PY:
98.9 million).

Dividend proposal for the financial year 2015.

5! In 2015, without the purchase price received in connection with real estate sales
amounting to € 67.5 milion, attributable to the plan assets created for our pension
obligations.

®| Cash flow from operating activities minus capital expenditures, plus cash inflows
from disposals of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.


--- Page 29 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Economic position of Axel Springer SE

€ millions 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Revenues 9259 11746 14428 1,507.1 4,551.2
Net income 213.5 590.8 186.4 371.9 260.2
Transfer to retained earnings 19.3 412.7 83 204.0 92.6
Total dividends” 194.2 178.1 178.1 167.9 167.6
Dividend per share (in €)” 1.80 1.80 1.80 1.70 1.70

The dividend for the financial year 2015 is subject to the condition of approval by the annual shareholders’ meeting,

Introductory remarks

Axel Springer SE is the parent company of the Axel
Springer Group. Due to its subsidiaries, which Axel
Springer SE controls directly or indirectly, the business
development is subject to the same risks and opportuni-
ties as the entire group. These are presented in the Re-
port on risks and opportunities (see page 44). Also the
anticipations regarding the development of Axel Springer
SE correspond to the essential expectations described in
the Forecast Report (see page 60).

The following statements are based on the separate
financial statements of Axel Springer SE, which were
prepared in accordance with the regulations of the Ger-
man Commercial Code and the German Stock Corpora-
tions Act. The separate financial statements and the
management report will be announced in the Electronic
Federal Gazette and published on the website of Axel
Springer SE.

Business activity

Axel Springer SE is operationally active in the Paid Mod-
els segment and mainly publishes nationwide daily and
weekly newspapers as well as automobile, computer,
and sports magazines. Furthermore, Axel Springer SE, in
its role as a parent company of the Axel Springer Group,
also exercises holding functions, monitors Group-wide
liquidity management and performs other services to
Group companies. The general economic conditions of
Axel Springer SE correspond essentially to those of the
Group and are described in the economic report (see
page 22 et seq.).

On January 1, 2015, the newspaper printing plants in
Ahrensburg, Berlin-Spandau and Essen-Kettwig, which
had, up to that point, been managed as parts of Axel
Springer SE’s operations, were combined into legally
independent companies. Furthermore, Axel Springer
SE’s WELT Group and the news channel N24 merged at
the start of the financial year under the auspices of the
subsidiary WeltN24 GmbH.

Financial performance

Income Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2015 2014
Revenues 9259 1,174.6
Other operating income 136.3 125.3
Purchased goods and services -272.9 -290.4
Personnel expenses -266.8 -382.1
Amortization, depreciation, and impairments

of intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment 21.4 -45.7
Other operating expenses -4963 -532.1
Net income from non-current financial assets. 279.6 52.3
Net interest income 28.5 -32.2
Profit from ordinary activities 255.9 69.7
Extraordinary profit 0.0 797.8
Taxes -42.4  -276,7
Net income 213.5 590.8

39


--- Page 30 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Revenues fell by € 248.7 million or 21.2%. The decline in
distribution and advertising revenues by € 106.5 million
and € 77.4 million respectively can in particular be at-
tributed to the sale of domestic regional newspapers and
the TV program guides and women’s magazines belong-
ing to the Axel Springer Group to FUNKE Mediengruppe,
which was finalized at the end of April in the prior year.
Other revenues fell by € 64.8 million, primarily as a result
of the spin-offs of the printing plants.

Purchased goods and services fell by € 17.5 million to

€ 272.9 million. An increase in expenditure for print ser-
vices was able to be more than compensated for by way
of reduced expenditure for paper and fees. The ratio of
purchased goods and services to total revenues was 30 %
(PY: 25%).

The personnel expenses of € 266.8 million remained
30.2 % lower than the prior-year figure. The cause of this
was the lower number of employees in particular. This
declined by 44.7 %, from an average of 3,364 in the prior
year to 1,861 in financial year 2015, primarily as a result
of the transfer of employees from the printing plants and
the WELT Group.

Depreciation, amortization and impairments fell by

€ 24.3 million to € 21.4 million, primarily as a result of
the transfer of tangible assets to the newly established
printing plant companies.

Net income from financial assets (€ 279.6 million) sur-
passed the prior year figure by € 227.3 million. The in-
crease resulted primarily from profit transfers (€ 284.5
million; PY: € 35.2 million) which contained significantly
higher profits from sales of investments compared to the
prior year on the one hand, and were also increased by
way of newly concluded profit and loss transfer agree-
ments on the other hand. Furthermore, higher income
from investments (€ 35.7 million; PY: € 19.3 million) and
income from loans (€ 14.3 million; PY: € 10.4 million)
was able to be generated. Higher depreciation, amortiza-

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

tion and impairments had the opposite impact on finan-
cial assets (€ 54.9 million; PY: € 12.6 million).

Interest income (€ —28.5 million) improved by € 3.7
million. This was primarily due to prepaid compensation
received in the prior year in conjunction with the restruc-
turing of the promissory note.

Profit from ordinary activities increased by € 186.2 million
to € 255.9 million. The annual net profit was € 213.5
million (PY: € 590.8 million).

Liquidity

Net debt (liabilities due to banks and promissory note
less cash and cash equivalents) on December 31, 2015
amounted to € 1,218.6 million. (PY: € 946.1 million).

In order to optimize the financing conditions, the financ-
ing volume of the credit lines was increased and the term
was extended during the financial year. As well as the
promissory note which mature in April 2016 (nominal
value of € 56.5 million), in April 2018 (€ 112.0 million), in
October 2018 (€ 220.0 million) and in October 2020

(€ 248.5 million), there are credit lines to the amount of
€ 1,500.0 million as of December 31, 2015, the utiliza-
tion of which is due for repayment in July 2020. Both the
promissory note and the credit facilities may be used
either for general business purposes and/or for financing
acquisitions.

By December 31, 2015, € 618.0 million (PY: € 409.0
million) of the existing long-term credit facility was taken
as drawdowns. The total available amount of unutilized
short-term and long-term credit facilities was € 902.0
million on the reporting date. (PY: € 511.0 million).


--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Financial position

Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2015 12/31/2014
Intangible assets, and property, plant, and

equipment 173.7 220.9
Non-current financial assets 5,398.8 4,284.7
Trade receivables 30.1 39.4
Receivables from affiliated companies 151.6 718
Cash and cash equivalents 36.4 99.9
Other assets 67.0 102.6
Total assets 5857.6 4,819.3
Equity 2,463.6 1,965.1
Provisions 327.4 383.2
Liabilities due to banks and promissory

notes bonds 1,255.0 1,046.0
Liabilities to affiliated companies 1,611.4 1,328.7
Other liabilities 200.5 96.3
Total equity and liabilities 5857.6 4,819.3

Total assets rose by € 1,038.3 million to € 5,857.6 million
during the financial year. Non-current assets amounted to
€ 5,572.5 million (PY: € 4,505.6 million) and accounted
for 95.1 % (PY: 93.5 %) of total assets. 44.2 % (PY:
43.6 %) was covered by equity.

The decline in intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment by € 47.2 million resulted primarily from the
spin-offs of the printing plants, leading in particular to the
transfer of company buildings and technical systems and
machinery.

4

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Financial assets increased by € 1,114.1 million to

€ 5,398.8 million during the financial year. The increase
resulted mainly from additional payments in capital reserves
of subsidiaries in order to finance company acquisitions.

Receivables from associated companies increased by
€ 79.8 million to € 151.6 million, and liabilities owed to
associated companies also increased by € 282.7 million
to € 1,611.4 million, both as a result of Group-wide
liquidity management.

The acquisition of the remaining shares in Axel Springer
Digital Classifieds in return for issuing new shares result-
ed in an increase in equity by € 462.9 million. As of De-
cember 31, 2015, equity amounted to € 2,463.6 million.
(PY: € 1,965.1 million). The equity ratio increased to
42.1% (PY: 40.8%).

Provisions decreased by € 56.1 million to € 327.1 million
compared to the prior-year reporting date. This decline was
in particular due to transfers of pension provisions and
other personnel provisions in conjunction with employee
transfers from the printing plants and the WELT Group.

Advance payments in relation to the sale of the publish-
ing building in Hamburg increased other liabilities, which
grew by € 104.3 million to € 200.5 million.


--- Page 32 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Profit utilization proposal

The Supervisory Board and Executive Board propose
that the Company applies the full amount of the distrib-
utable profit of € 194.2 million (PY: € 295.4 million) to
pay a dividend of € 1.80 (PY: € 1.80) per qualifying share
for the 2015 financial year.

The company does not currently hold any treasury
shares, so that all the company’s shares qualify for divi-
dends. However, the number of shares qualifying for
dividends may be reduced in the time remaining before
the annual shareholders’ meeting. In that case, an ad-
justed profit utilization proposal will be submitted to the
annual shareholders’ meeting, without changing the
target dividend of € 1.80 per qualifying share.

42

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Dependency Report

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE submitted the
Dependency Report prescribed by Section 312 of the
German Stock Corporations Act (AktG) to the Superviso-
ry Board and made the following concluding statement:

“According to the circumstances known to the manage-
ment at the time of each transaction with an affiliated
company, Axel Springer SE received adequate consider-
ation for every such transaction and did not take, or fail
to take, any actions in the reporting period, either at the
behest or in the interest of the controlling company or a
company affiliated with the controlling company.”


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Events after the reporting date

Events after the reporting date

The establishment of a further joint venture in Switzerland
contractually initiated between Ringier and Axel Springer
in September 2015 was finalized at the beginning of
January 2016 (see page 25).

The sale of our interest in CarWale, an Indian online
portal for automobiles, which was agreed in November
2015, was also finalized in January 2016 (see page 26).

Additionally, in January 2016, the sale of the first part of
the Hamburg office buildings was completed (see the
information in the Appendix of the Group figures, (11)
and (17)

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board decided in
December 2014 to prepare to change Axel Springer SE
into a partnership limited by shares (KGaA). Still, the
board decided not to pursue the planned change. Fol-
lowing a detailed examination of the conversion, the
company and Dr. h.c. Friede Springer came to the con-
clusion in February 2016 that the legal form of the SE is
the better alternative for the long-term development of
the company and its attractiveness for the capital market.
Axel Springer SE continues to pursue the objective of the
growth trend in becoming the leading digital publisher
and will make use of other suitable capital raising options
where necessary.


--- Page 34 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Report on risks and opportunities

Risk policy principles and risk strategy

At Axel Springer, we define risks as the possibility of
negative deviations of actual business performance from
the planned targets or objectives, while opportunities
represent the possibility of positive deviations. The risk
policy principles and risk strategy of Axel Springer are
coordinated and closely aligned with the business strat-
egy and business objectives. We do not seek to avoid
risks at all costs, but to carefully weigh the opportunities
and risks associated with our decisions and our business
activities, from a well-informed perspective. Accordingly,
opportunities should be exploited to generate income or
increase the company’s value and risks should be as-
sumed only if they remain within appropriate limits that
are acceptable to the company. Thus, risks should be
limited to a level deemed acceptable by the company’s
management by taking appropriate measures, be trans-
ferred to third parties in full or in part, or, in those cases
where risk mitigation is not considered advisable, be
avoided or monitored closely. All employees are duty-
bound to handle risks responsibly within their own area
of responsibility.

Group-wide risk management system

Taking into account the various national and international
requirements, an increasingly complex and volatile envi-
ronment and a company that is growing and changing in
a dynamic manner, we still managed to develop further
and expand certain elements of internal corporate moni-
toring (Risk Management, Compliance Management,
Internal Control and Internal Audit) during this financial
year as well. There was particular focus on optimizing
existing processes and structures, and integrating new
participations and business areas into the existing risk
management system. We are also focused on ensuring
the continuous improvement of the quality and com-
pleteness of the risk inventory and the corresponding
internal management measures.

The general form of structures and processes in the risk
management system at Axel Springer are based on the
internationally recognized “Enterprise Risk Management
Framework", a framework developed by the Committee

of Sponsoring Organizations of Treadway Commission
(COSO). This links the risk management process to the
internal control system. The use of this holistic, integrat-
ed approach should ensure that countermeasures and
monitoring activities are systematically focused upon the
strategic, operative, reporting-related and compliance-
related objectives of Axel Springer and their risks. In
addition, as much coverage as possible of the entire
company and its activities should be achieved.

To ensure close interlinking of individual subsystems in
the long term which results in an appropriate, effective
monitoring system for Axel Springer, Group-wide coordi-
nation of systems for risk management, compliance
management and the internal control system as well as
the related reporting is carried out by the Governance,
Risk & Compliance central division.

The risk management processes at Axel Springer are
focused in accordance with Section 91 (2) of the German
Stock Corporations Act (AktG) on recognizing and evalu-
ating all significant and existential risks as well as essen-
tial changes in the risk situation as promptly as possible.
It should therefore be assured in accordance with risk
policy principles and risk strategy that corresponding
control and countermeasures can be used in time to
react to such risks. This approach gives us the neces-
sary maneuvering room and allows for the controlled and
responsible management of risks.

The risks at Axel Springer are divided into strategic,
operative, reporting-relevant, and compliance-relevant
risks based on the COSO framework (risk categories).
Insofar it is appropriate and quantifiable, risks are as-
sessed quantitatively with reference to the parameters.
“loss amount” (impact) and “probability of occurrence”.
Based on these parameters, risks are assigned to one of
the following risks classes: critical risks, significant risks,
risks to be monitored, and other risks. To achieve focus
on the various risks that are relevant and significant at a
Group level, a materiality limit is established based on
EBITDA, and the classifications are determined from the
depicted risk matrix. Currently, the materiality limit at a
Group level is € 10 million.


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Risk Matrix of Axel Springer SE

Ii Critical Risks
Risks to be Monitored

IB Significant Risks
I other Risks

very
high

50%
high
25%

medium

ity of Occurrence

low

very
low

Extent of Damage (€ millions)

medium] high | high

10

A theoretical threat to the company’s survival as a going
concern is assessed by Axel Springer with reference to
the criterion of the gross loss amount and its impact on
the financial position and liquidity (excessive debts and
insolvency) at a Group level. The gross loss amount is
the impact of a risk prior to any risk management
measures being established.

To ensure the effective management and greatest possi-
ble transparency in the presentation of the risk position,
all identified risks are assessed both prior to the imple-
mentation of risk management measures (gross risk
assessment - inherent risk), and after the corresponding
measures are taken (net risk assessment - residual risk).

Whilst overall responsibility for risk management lies with
the full Executive Board, the operational management of
the individual risks falls primarily within the area of re-
sponsibility of the respective company divisions or Axel
Springer Group companies. This includes the early de-
tection and identification, assessment, definition of ap-
propriate measures, the management and monitoring of
such measures and adequate documentation and re-
porting processes.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

The senior managers of Axel Springer and the manage-
ment of Axel Springer Group companies bear the re-
sponsibility for the content of the risk management sys-
tem implemented within their division or company and
the risks contained therein. As part of the so-called bot-
tom-up procedure, they undertake to participate in the
update campaign that takes place every six months,
along with the systematic and standardized risk inventory
conducted once a year. They must also continuously
monitor any changing risk situations within their division
or company. Significant changes in the risk situation
must be reported immediately to the Corporate Office of
Governance, Risk & Compliance.

This decentralized risk inventory process is supplement-
ed by a centralized risk inventory within the top man-
agement group (top-down procedure), which is accom-
panied and moderated by the Governance, Risk &
Compliance central division.

The purpose of the risk inventories and analyses carried
out in the top-down and bottom-up procedures is to
systematically identify and assess cross-company,
cross-divisional and cross-procedural risks in order to
complete the risk inventory and ensure its quality.

In the Governance, Risk & Compliance division, risk
management activities are coordinated, risks are aggre-
gated up to the Group level, reported risks are checked
in terms of their plausibility, and the completeness of the
required risk reports is monitored. The division is also
responsible for compiling, updating and communicating
the risk management guidelines, all supporting measures,
such as maintaining the risk management software, the
continuous further development of the centralized risk
management system and reporting to the Supervisory
Board and Executive Board.

The semi-annual and ad-hoc risk reports prepared for
the Executive Board and Supervisory Board focus pri-
marily on existential risks and significant risks, along with
the countermeasures adopted and suitable early warning
indicators, to the extent they are available.


--- Page 36 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Internal audit system

Group Auditing within Axel Springer SE is organized as a
process-independent staff department, which is under
the control of the full Executive Board in functional terms,
and under the Executive Board member in charge of
Personnel and Finance in disciplinary terms. It provides
consulting and investigations in all Group companies and
divisions in a risk-oriented manner and aligns its activities
with relevant national and international professional
standards.

In particular, Group Auditing has the task of inspecting
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and
control system as well as the compliance management
system based on a risk-oriented inspection plan and to
derive measures for eradicating weaknesses. Implemen-
tation of improvement measures is followed up based on
a systematic process.

The results of individual audit or consultancy mandates.
are typically reported to the Executive Board and period-
ically summarized to the Audit Committee of the Super-
visory Board.

To ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit system,
a quality assurance and improvement process is set up,
which provides for external quality assessments
amongst other things in accordance with professional
guidelines.

Report on the financial reporting-related
risk management system and internal
control system pursuant to Section289 (5)
and Section 315 (2) (5) HGB

The (consolidated) financial reporting-related risk man-
agement system and the connected internal control
system are important elements of the internal manage-
ment system of Axel Springer SE, which is also based on
the internationally recognized framework of the Commit-
tee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Com-
mission (COSO). As emphasized in the concept, the
effective interplay of the risk management system and

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

internal control system is meant to ensure the effective-
ness and economic efficiency of the Group’s business
activities, as well as the completeness and reliability of its
financial reporting. The (consolidated) financial reporting-
related risk management system and internal control
system comprise all organizational regulations and
measures aimed at the detection and management of
risks related to financial reporting. With a view to the
(consolidated) financial reporting process, the internal
control system is meant to ensure that the Group’s fi-
nancial reports convey a true and fair view of the financial
position, liquidity, and financial performance of Axel
Springer SE and the Axel Springer Group, in compliance
with all relevant laws, regulations, and standards. How-
ever, even an effective, and therefore adequate and well-
functioning internal control system cannot guarantee the
prevention or detection of all irregularities or inaccurate
disclosures.

We consider the following elements of the risk manage-
ment system and internal control system to be significant
with respect to the (consolidated) financial reporting
process:

™@ Processes for identifying, assessing, and documenting
all significant financial reporting-related processes and
risk areas, including the corresponding key controls.
Such processes include financial and accounting pro-
cesses, as well as administrative and operational busi-
ness processes that generate important information
used in the preparation of the separate and consoli-
dated financial statements, including the management
reports of the parent company and the Group.

™@ Process-integrated controls (computer-aided controls
and access restrictions, dual control principle, separa-
tion of functions, analytical controls).

™@ Standardized financial accounting processes, through
the use of an internal, Group-wide Shared Services
Center for most of the consolidated German compa-
nies of the Group.


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Group-wide accounting and reporting directives in the
form of accounting guidelines, charts of accounts,
and reporting procedures.

Quarterly communication of information to all consoli-
dated Group companies on current developments re-
lated to accounting, reporting, and the process of
preparing the financial statements, as well as the re-
porting deadlines to be observed.

Assuring the requisite expertise of employees involved
in the financial accounting and reporting process by
means of appropriate selection procedures and training.

Centralized preparation of the consolidated financial
statements (including management report), employing
manual and computer-system controls in respect of
financial reporting-specific connections and depend-
encies.

Protection of financial reporting-related IT systems
against unauthorized access, by means of access
restrictions.

Monthly internal reports (complete income statement,
statement of financial position, cash flow statement)
and monthly reports on all cost units of the Group, in-
cluding analysis and reporting of significant develop-
ments and budget/actual variances.

The effectiveness of the (consolidated) financial report-
ing-related risk management system and internal control
system is systematically reviewed and assessed by
means of periodic control tests; a Group-wide reporting
system ensures that up-to-date information is provided
on a regular basis to the division heads, Executive Board,
and Supervisory Board.

Both the risk management system and the internal con-
trol system are continuously refined. For example, the
financial reporting-related control system is being inte-
grated, extending beyond the area of accounting, on a
step-by-step basis into a comprehensive system of
internal corporate monitoring. Thus, we synchronize and
optimize our control elements on a cross-divisional basis,

47

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

thereby enhancing the effectiveness and economic effi-
ciency of the entire system.

Risk areas

If not stated elsewhere, all risks will be mentioned in the
following which have a considerable negative effect on
reaching our company-wide targets. Within the risk areas
described below, risks are typically presented in the
order of their priority for the Group. This method may be
deviated from in order to prevent repetitions and in the
interests of readability.

The risks illustrated below are primarily based on the
2016 forecast period, unless the risks in question relate
to long-term objectives.

Market and competition risks

Internationalization is one of the pillars of Axel Springer’s
strategy alongside focusing on journalism and business
models benefiting from journalism in the broader sense,
as well as digital transformation. As a result, the eco-
nomic and industry-specific developments in many dif-
ferent regions are of key importance to the financial
performance of the Group, in addition to the general
global economic situation. Developments in the Europe-
an Economic Area, the USA and Switzerland in particular
play a decisive role alongside the developments in Ger-
many.

Although above-average growth is forecast for the An-
glo-Saxon region, including in particular the USA, growth
rates in both the European Union as well as Germany are
only expected to grow comparatively slowly. The fact
that individual countries are currently not able to correct
their deficits and that the required structural reforms are
only being implemented slowly is causing a growing
economic chasm between euro zone countries. The
spill-over effect of political issues that remain largely
unresolved, such as the refugee crisis or the conflicts in
the Ukraine and in the Middle East, could have a nega-
tive impact on the global economy, and particularly on
our core markets within the European Union. Another
economic downturn or global financial crisis would in all
likelinood have a negative impact on Axel Springer as


--- Page 38 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

well. This could lead to a significant deterioration in the
revenue situation and a slow-down in online market
growth, and might also put the brakes on digital trans-
formation at Axel Springer. An unplanned reduction in
revenues cannot therefore be ruled out on a national or
international basis, meaning therefore that it poses a
significant risk to all Axel Springer segments.

The digital revolution, demographic changes and techno-
logical advances have led to massive changes in con-
sumption and reading habits. The resulting increase in the
importance and use of digital offerings leads to sustained
revenue reductions in the field of printed publications.
Unpredictable market developments or a further accelera-
tion of this trend could reinforce even further the declines
already factored in on the basis of structural changes.

Furthermore, the general market situation and media
industry is still characterized by intense competition
pressure. This has arisen partly due to the creation of
alliances or mergers between direct competitors (such as
within national marketing) as well as other free-of-charge
Offerings within the online and print media sector, putting
pressure on our revenue share and positions in the entire
distribution and advertising business. Furthermore, the
loss of advertising customers due to switching over to
other advertising media such as TV or radio could con-
siderably reduce our advertising revenues, both in print
and online. The pressure on digital advertising revenues
has also increased as a result of the increased use of
mobile devices that make it difficult for advertisements to
be displayed due to their small display surfaces.

High levels of market and competition dynamism are
prevailing in the markets for our Marketing Models and
Classified Ad Models as a result of ever shorter innovation
cycles. Our digital portals are therefore exposed to the
risk that new portals and competitors aiming to break into
the market could jeopardize the existing market position
in the long run. Increasing competition is a threat not only
on the part of the world's leading Internet companies
aiming to penetrate into new market segments and/or the
traditional media business, but also for new companies
with innovative business concepts. As a result, missing
out on market trends and technological developments will

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

pose an ever greater risk in future as our leading market
position could also be threatened by this.

In order to mitigate the aforementioned market and
competition risks, the environment is monitored in an
intensive and continuous manner, enabling definitive
internal management measures to be derived for the
operational management. At the same time, the digitiza-
tion of our products will be further strengthened, our
journalistic product portfolio will be expanded both na-
tionally and internationally, and our journalistic and tech-
nological competences will be optimized and enhanced.
Adjustments to evolving consumer and reader require-
ments also occur via technical and product-specific
innovations. This will be accompanied by pricing and
product policy measures.

Many of our digital Marketing and Classified Ad Models
are additionally confronted with the risk arising from the
dominant position of major Internet search engines. If, for
example, these search engines change their search
algorithms or expand their business models that com-
pete with our business sectors, this can have noticeable
effects on the future revenue situation. Even small
changes in visibility or in position on the results pages
could lead to significant losses in turnover with certain
business models.

We counter this risk by means of targeted ad place-
ments on search engine results pages and through
search engine optimization as well as the further expan-
sion of our activities in target-group relevant social media
channels and by continuously improving the attractive-
ness of our offerings. Simultaneously, we are focusing on
adequate measures to reinforce the brands and offerings
of Axel Springer SE and their prominence so that their
reach and usage will not be as dependent on services
provided by third parties, particularly the visibility on
search engines.

Furthermore, the spread and use of ad blockers presents
a risk for advertising revenues which must be taken
seriously in the digital advertising sector. Specially pre-
configured browsers and browser add-ons prevent ads
from being displayed on visited web pages. The contin-


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

ued spread and use of ad blockers could lead to sub-
stantial declines in advertising revenues, not just for Paid
Models but also for our Reach Based Marketing and our
Performance Marketing Models.

We counter the increasing use of ad blockers both with
legal action against the providers as well as with the
development of technical solutions, such as those in
place for BILD.de. The readers must disable the activat-
ed ad blocker or purchase a chargeable “BILD smart”
subscription enabling virtually ad-free access in order to
use the journalistic content.

Through the constant further development of our mobile
applications, we are continuously increasing the degree
of digitization and clarify our strategy of becoming the
leading digital publisher throughout all our segments. By
means of acquisitions, new company start-ups, and the
expansion of existing digital media, we will strive to adapt
to changes in the media world and further promote the
cross-media networking and integration of our brands.
(For more information on this subject, please refer to the
report on the operating segments, beginning on page 12
and also on page 29 in the report on the financial per-
formance of the segments.)

Political and legal risks

The already pronounced concerns of the public, politi-
cians, and consumer protection organizations in matters
of data protection have become even more prominent.
This development has been caused by two factors, the
first being the public debate regarding the use of the
personal data of German citizens by foreign intelligence
services, which was also expressed by the European
Court of Justice as grounds for termination of the so-
called "Safe Harbor Agreement", and the second being
the practice of social networks, search engines, and
other online platforms to collect the data entered by
users and use it for their own commercial purposes.
Consumer protection and data privacy proposals have
also gained significance in the legislative and executive
bodies of the German states and the German Federal
Government, and at European level as well. This trend is
worrisome for digital business models, because they are
reliant upon the use of data. Furthermore, in the absence

49

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

of any long-standing and uniform jurisdiction with regard
to new digital business models, this means the legal
position is in some cases unclear and, thus, there is the
latent risk of written warning letters and the allegation of
breaches of law. This uncertainty could increase as a
result of the EU General Data Protection Regulation that
has already been enacted and is due to take effect from
2018. Specifically, such a regulation would affect the use
of so-called "cookies" and similar technologies, the per-
missibility of generating user profiles (profiling and track-
ing), and other measures that necessitate the use of
personal data without prior consent. Furthermore, recent
regulatory proposals are potentially more advantageous
for the providers of registration-required online services
than for advertising-financed online services and adver-
tising networks that do not maintain direct contacts with
end customers, because the popular, registration-
required online services already possess a large, person-
alized subscriber base, making it much easier for them to
obtain permission from their users. Major restrictions in
advertising and customer-retention possibilities resulting
from this Data Protection Regulation could result in sub-
stantial revenue losses for mobile and web-page-based
business models.

The Internet activities of public-sector broadcasters
currently pose another risk to our business. ARD in
particular has intruded into the business sphere of the
private-sector press and distorted the competition
environment with a text-oriented news app for Tagess-
chau financed by license fees. Faced with competition
from this cleverly designed “free offer”, it is naturally
hard for publishing companies to successfully offer paid
apps.

After conducting fruitless negotiations with ARD and
NDR, Axel Springer SE and seven other publishing com-
panies, with the full support of the newspaper publishers’
association BDZV, filed a lawsuit against ARD and NDR
in the Competition Division of the Cologne Regional
Court. In September 2012, the court granted the claim in
most respects. The defendants appealed this ruling and
prevailed in the appellate instance before the Cologne
Higher Regional Court. The plaintiffs appealed against
this before the Federal Supreme Court, the appeal was.


--- Page 40 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

upheld and referred the case back to the Cologne Higher
Regional Court for a new trial.

Depending on the outcome of the legal case, it could be
much more difficult for Axel Springer to successfully offer
paid journalism content in the fast-growing mobile market.
Our business will continue to be exposed to the competi-
tion-distorting effects of state-owned media and the
regulatory pressure of legislators on all relevant levels of
government, despite the countermeasures we have taken.

Breaches of confidentiality agreements and violations of
insider trading regulations, as well as the incorrect publi-
cation of data or the non-observance of data privacy
laws, could lead to economic or legal consequences for
Axel Springer. Moreover, the reputation of Axel Springer
or its brands could be damaged by negative reporting or
social media campaigns on this subject, even if no laws
have been broken.

To minimize such risks, Axel Springer has adopted vari-
ous control mechanisms, consultation and approval rules,
introduced guidelines and initiated extensive training
programs, among other measures. The company intends
to intensify such activities in the future.

IT risks

For Axel Springer, a Group with an increasingly high
degree of digitization of its offering and internal process-
es, there are numerous significant risks regarding the
availability of IT systems used, as well as the confidential-
ity and integrity of information.

Due to the high degree of integration of information
technology within business processes, Axel Springer is
reliant on high availability of IT components. Failure of IT
infrastructure as well as the applications that are driven
by said infrastructure, such as those used to view
chargeable content on BILD.de, can have considerable
influence on availability. Possible causes of such impair-
ments are internal factors such as increasing complexity
of systems and the infrastructure which has grown over
a prolonged period of time, but also include external
factors suchas, for example, computer criminality via
DDoS attacks. At worst, these could cause interruptions

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

in business activities along with far-reaching conse-
quences regarding revenues and reputation.

Additional IT risks are classified as important if the confi-
dentiality of information and data integrity is compro-
mised as a consequence. In consideration of the grow-
ing importance of paid content offerings and services
requiring authentication, and the related collection and
storage of personal data, as well as the steadily growing
threat of computer criminality, the careful handling and
protection of the above-mentioned customer data are of
great importance.

For this reason targeted measures have been and in-
deed are being undertaken to avoid or to limit the effects
and probability of occurrence of criminal activities and
the failure of IT components as far as is possible.
Measures such as back-up systems, emergency data
centers, firewalls, use of encryption, identity & access
management, consolidation and standardization and
hardening of systems are used to reduce risk. The stated
measures are continuously analyzed and expanded or
improved if necessary.

Reputation risks

Reputation risks are not recorded separately in Axel
Springer’s risk inventory as they arise in the majority of
cases as a secondary risk or effect in conjunction with
the primary risks. Axel Springer has an exposed position
and any risk that occurs can cause a great deal of atten-
tion. As a result, countermeasures that aim to prevent
the risk in question from occurring are primarily used to
prevent reputation risks. Possible reputation risks range
from the violation of journalistic independence to the
breach of country-specific laws and programs for equal
treatment and equal opportunity.

Axel Springer implements numerous internal and external
measures to counter reputation risks, such as observing
local laws and any structural changes that may subse-
quently be necessary, and carrying out information cam-
paigns and public relations activities. As an internationally
active and expanding enterprise, Axel Springer has
adopted a catalog of social standards known as the
International Social Policy, as a binding guideline for


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

social integrity, applicable to all our companies through-
out the world. Failure to observe this International Social
Policy could lead to a serious loss of image. In addition,
we also expect our business partners to adhere strictly
to our corporate principles — for example in the produc-
tion of advertising materials and product supplements.

One step that Axel Springer has taken to mitigate such
risks has been to integrate the International Social Policy
into the Group-wide Code of Conduct and the standards
of behavior contained therein. In addition, all relevant
corporate guidelines, particularly those applicable to
procurement activities, contain a binding reference to the
procurement-relevant standards of the International
Social Policy.

Axel Springer has instituted an advanced sustainability

management program that meets international standards.

The overly late detection of possible ecological or social
conflicts relative to the procurement of resources along
the value chain of wood, pulp, paper, and recycled ma-
terials could harm the Group’s reputation. To minimize
this risk effectively, we work closely together with experts
in the wood, pulp, and paper industry and with environ-
mental protection organizations. We also conduct moni-
toring measures across the value chain. Our internal and
external communications on this subject are character-
ized by openness and transparency.

Strategic and other risks

Significant strategic risks arise primarily for Axel Springer
from decisions regarding capital expenditures in new
business segments and models, as well as companies
that perform differently in the long term than expected or
are unable to compete within the market in a sustainable
manner and/or are superseded by new business models.
These risks could lead to negative financial results and
impairment losses recorded on the balance sheet when
permanent impairment is expected in the context of the
impairment test which is to be carried out. This risk could
materialize in our activities in the Marketing Models,
Classified Ad Models, and national and international Paid
Models segments. Strategic risks alongside the ex-
pected opportunities result from the internationalization
and digitization strategy of Axel Springer and the associ-

51

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

ated expansion in the USA, the acquisition of Business
Insider being particularly at the fore here.

In general, the business segments and models of our
interests are, however, extremely heterogeneous, so that
so-called cluster risks are limited by means of diversifica-
tion. Such risks are further diversified by means of pre-
ventative measures such as the clear investment criteria,
in accordance with which we check new investments as
part of our M&A activities, as well as active portfolio and
investment management, the recruitment and retention
of highly qualified managers, and the continuous moni-
toring of business and market developments. In addition,
the internal steering functions are continuously adapted
in line with the Group’s development, both in terms of
organization as well as personnel.

The business activities undertaken in eastern Europe
also form part of Axel Springer’s internationalization
strategy. These activities are combined in the Ringier
Axel Springer Media AG joint venture and form part of
the Paid Models segment. Potential risks and uncertain-
ties arise on the one hand for the Axel Springer Group
from the activities and political framework conditions in
the eastern European region.

On the other hand, the joint venture is confronted with
the same risks as those which have already been stated
for the Paid Models for the entire Group. They range
from the structural transformation from print to online, to
financial risks arising due to the level of internationaliza-
tion. The dependency of certain individual distribution
partners as a result of the heavily concentrated Polish
press distribution market must also be taken into ac-
count as a significant individual risk. This dependency
entails the latent risk of there being a higher proportion of
open receivables remaining outstanding in the case of
payment defaults by individual companies, resulting
therefore in considerable losses. To limit this risk, a por-
tion of the potential loss on receivables is already cov-
ered by way of an appropriate insurance policy.

The challenges faced within the marketing environment
in Germany are also growing. This is caused, amongst
other things, by the increasingly specific nature of cus-


--- Page 42 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

tomer requirements (multichannel marketing) or by new
competitors and the establishment of a marketing alli-
ance created by several newspaper publishers. For this
reason, Media Impact GmbH & Co. KG, the joint venture
marketing company with the FUNKE Mediengruppe as a
minority shareholder, is looking to restructure in order to
position itself better from a strategic perspective and
highlight its own strengths compared to the competition.
This could, under certain circumstances, lead to revenue
losses in the implementation phase.

Axel Springer is of course exposed to natural risks that
continue to pose significant risks to the Group. Possible
damage caused by natural disasters may lead to material
losses and business interruptions. We counter these risks
in two ways: Firstly, structural and organizational measures
have been undertaken to raise the Group’s security stand-
ards even further, and secondly insurance cover is in place
to reduce any possible financial consequences.

Although Axel Springer is not considered to be a primary
terrorist target based on current knowledge, the threat
level has increased significantly as a result of the current
global political situation. This risk is countered,

amongst other things, with enhanced security standards,
more stringent access regulations and controls, and

comprehensive education and training of all security staff.

The financial risk caused by potential material losses and
business interruptions is hedged here by way of appro-
priate insurance policies.

The modern Axel Springer Campus is being built in the
heart of Berlin, helping to support the cultural transfor-
mation into a digital publisher. When planning and imple-
menting such a major project, it is inevitable that Axel
Springer will be confronted with construction-related risks
that are significant based on the value of capital expendi-
ture alone. To mitigate potential risks, an appropriate
general contractor agreement has been concluded, and
project controlling and reporting structures have been
established for the purpose of continuous monitoring.

52

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Personnel risks

The individual skills, professional competence, and
commitment of our employees contribute greatly to the
success of the Axel Springer Group. As a consequence,
the loss of specialist staff and management and the
associated loss of expertise and capacity issue is a sig-
nificant risk which we actively look to counter. A primary
focus of human resource management is the targeted,
progressive development of employees and motivation
with the aid of focused and continuous training, attrac-
tive bonus schemes, flexible working time models and a
better work/life balance. Age-related employee turnover
is also acted upon at an early stage with systematic
succession planning and development. As a result, the
transfer of a valuable wealth of experience and personnel
demands should be ensured in a sustainable manner.

In addition, the increasingly difficult situation regarding the
recruitment of junior staff as well as potential management
staff also represents an ever-increasing risk. It is increas-
ingly difficult to recruit qualified staff, and this is a result of
demographic change, and also a matter of increasing
competition on the human resources market. IT specialist
staff are increasingly in demand, particularly with regard to
the increasing digitization of business models. As a result,
we have set up an in-house recruiting team that has al-
ready been very successful in discovering candidates for
digital business activities. With the current employer mar-
keting campaign, we want to differentiate ourselves signifi-
cantly from other companies and portray Axel Springer as
an innovative and modern employer.

Financial risks and risks associated with the use of
financial instruments

The financial risks especially relevant to Axel Springer are
default risks associated with loans and financial invest-
ments as well as interest rate risks.

Axel Springer granted loans to business partners as part
of the transaction with the FUNKE Mediengruppe and
during the course of other business activity. The risk of
potential default on loan claims is countered by gathering
information on the economic and financial situation of the
business partner, along with corresponding analysis and
preparation of such data. We are able to quickly recognize


--- Page 43 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

default risks using this method. In addition, these business
partners have granted us security to their assets.

With regard to our investment in Dogan TV Holding A.S.,
the potential risk of financial loss - associated with the
risk of depreciation of the investment — arising from the
existing contractual agreement regarding the sale is fully
hedged by bank guarantees.

However, in order to combat potential risks of financial
loss with regard to the investment of surplus cash not
needed for operations, such cash is invested on the basis
of stipulated criteria set out in a corporate guideline which
sets loss limits that may not be exceeded, as a means,
among others, of limiting risks. The investment volume is
divided up amongst several banks to avoid a cluster risk.

Existing interest rate risks arise primarily from financial
assets or liabilities with variable interest rates. However
this risk is limited. During the financial year, we primarily
financed ourselves via Schuldschein that are mainly fixed
interest-bearing. An additional existing interest rate risk
that could affect the Schuldschein and credit lines with
variable interest rates is minimized, where required, by
using interest rate derivatives.

Significant financing risks resulting from the uncertain
outlook for the financial sector are not evident for the
Axel Springer Group at the present time because the
credit lines in the amount of € 1.5 billion (through 2020)
obtained for liquidity assurance purposes have been
committed by the participating banks with binding effect.
The interest rate is linked to a ratio of net debt and earn-
ings indicator of the Axel Springer Group, meaning there-
fore that the utilization of credit lines would result in a
higher interest burden in the case of negative perfor-
mance. As part of the loan agreements, we must also
observe a number of additional conditions that would
give the banks a right of termination if they are not ob-
served. We have observed these conditions, and there-
fore we consider the risk of accelerated maturity of bor-
rowed amounts to be minor. Based on our continuous
observation of the money markets, capital markets, and
credit markets, we have concluded that companies with
outstanding creditworthiness and strong reputations can

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

always raise funding at favorable conditions. Furthermore,
Axel Springer can generate liquidity reliably, thanks to its
broadly diversified customer base and the absence of
significant payment delays and defaults.

There are corresponding currency risks to the Group
caused by Axel Springer’s level of internationalization.
Risks arise from expenses, revenues, investment income
and expenses, and receivables and liabilities denominat-
ed in foreign currencies (transaction risk).

The risk of value changes arising from exchange rate
fluctuations are avoided primarily in that operating costs
are incurred in the same countries in which we sell our
products and services. Residual currency risks arising
from cash flows denominated in foreign currencies are
immaterial because we generate most of our earnings in
the euro zone. Currency risks inherent in receivables and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies (excluding
contingent purchase price liabilities) with net exposures
of € 5 million or more per foreign currency are usually
hedged by means of maturity-matched forward ex-
change deals.

Local-currency cash flows generated in non-euro zone
countries are either reinvested to expand local business
operations, or invested with Axel Springer SE and
hedged by means of forward exchange deals or distrib-
uted in the form of dividends. Therefore, the liquidity risk
arising from exchange rate changes affecting cash flows
denominated in foreign currencies is limited.

Currency effects arising from the translation of financial
statements denominated in foreign currencies (currency
translation risk) are recognized directly in the equity item
of comprehensive income. Therefore, Axel Springer does
not hedge such currency risks.

The risks arising from financial instruments and hedging
activities are discussed in detail in Section (35) of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Overall risk assessment

The overall risk situation of the Axel Springer Group is
composed of the individual risks in all risk categories of


--- Page 44 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

the consolidated subsidiaries and corporate divisions.
Taking into account the interaction and aggregation of
individual risks, there are, at present, no discernible risks
that could threaten the continued existence of the Axel
Springer Group, or could significantly affect the Group's
financial position, financial performance and liquidity in
the forecasting period 2016. This applies on the proviso
that there is no dramatic deterioration of the economic
situation in our markets and the media industry, and,
thus, a significant deterioration in the market and finan-
cial performance of the Group. Furthermore, risk con-
centrations are being reduced by means of diversification,
internationalization, optimization of the brand and prod-
uct portfolio, and digitization. Slight changes in risk posi-
tions are indeed recorded compared to the prior year,
particularly as a result of the acquisitions and sales of
companies completed, and the associated capital ex-
penditures. However, these changes have not signifi-
cantly influenced the company’s overall risk situation and
risk tolerance.

Opportunities management

The opportunities management system established at
Axel Springer aims to ensure the success and continued
existence of Axel Springer sustainably by systematically
exploiting opportunities that arise. As part of the man-
agement, strategic and planning processes, potential
opportunities induced both internally as well as externally
are identified and assessed for the company divisions and
Group companies. This is based for example, on market
and competition monitoring activities and analyses as well
as regular dialog with external experts. In considering the
risks involved, identified opportunities are fundamental to
corporate decision-making and the introduction of corre-
sponding measures, such as measures regarding invest-
ments in new markets or technologies. Responsibility for
the management of opportunities is taken in as decentral-
ized a manner as possible by the operational divisions
and their management or senior managers.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Opportunities

According to the definition of risk, opportunities are
understood to refer inversely to positive deviations from
defined targets. They may arise from unscheduled and/or
non-budgeted positive developments and/or events. This
applies if there is insufficient certainty regarding the
occurrence of events, or the framework conditions and
environment in question develop in a more favorable
manner than expected. In addition, potential arising from
long-term strategic decisions that had not been fully
budgeted may lead to additional growth.

Strategic opportunities

In a constantly changing environment we continue to
develop our company so that we are able to face global
and industry-specific challenges in the future with inno-
vative and tailored solutions.

Axel Springer’s digitization strategy offers especially
promising opportunities for generating additional growth
and revenues based on highly positive developments
within the digital markets. Axel Springer exploits these
developments by investing in new or future-oriented
technologies, entering into new forms of cooperations,
the ongoing digital transformation of journalistic products
and the consistent linkage of various media. This linkage
will deliver the most comprehensive multimedia coverage
in the German media landscape, spanning digital, print,
and live-TV with an emphasis on quality journalism as the
hallmark in all media channels. In addition, the Group
invested in expanding Paid Models in the Internet and
expanded its digital portfolio through additional acquisi-
tions of Marketing and Classified Ad Models. Through
this approach, we want to continuously draw closer to
the goal of becoming the leading digital publisher.

On the one hand, acquisition of equity stakes in compa-
nies with promising digital business models in early stage
and growth phases in their lifecycle provides us with the
option of establishing contacts within the industry and to
other founders and investors, and also grants access to
new ideas and business models. On the other hand, we
also obtain access to co-investments, which could re-
main open, if necessary, for subsequent acquisition of a


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

majority stake. In the event of substantial development of
the associate companies, we can also profit from a sig-
nificant appreciation in value.

We also see further opportunities for growth in the inter-
nationalization strategy and, closely linked to this, enter-
ing into new markets and/or expanding in existing mar-
kets. As a result, there is significant potential associated
with the introduction of business models successfully
established in the home market, the acquisition of exist-
ing and successfully established companies, and enter-
ing into strategic partnerships in international growth
regions. We also have an advantage over our competi-
tors in that we have already attained strong positions in
many countries.

Market and competition opportunities

If the global economic situation continues to stabilize and
—as is currently forecast by leading economic institutes —
grows at the rate expected, then this could have a posi-
tive effect on our revenue development. The decisive
factor will be what spill-over effect regional conflicts and
crises will have on our core markets subject to the highly
interconnected nature of the global economy. Neverthe-
less, Axel Springer believes it is in a strong position to
exploit the opportunities that may arise with its early
investments in the projected regional and digital growth
markets. Even a negative development of the overall
economy could create opportunities. Competitors could
pull out of the market, thereby strengthening our own
position. Furthermore, there may be the option of acquir-
ing companies at low prices, then subsequently expand-
ing market share in existing markets and investing in new
markets with growth potential.

Additional industry-specific potential to generate un-
planned revenue for Axel Springer may also arise from
higher advertising spending on individual advertising
media than forecast by advertising associations. This
could in particular be the case if the media mix changes
in our favor, or, in other words, if advertising spending
flows into the digital sector driven by journalistic content.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Axel Springer agreed a strategic partnership with Sam-
sung in 2015. The result of this partnership is upday, a
content platform that aggregates and curates journalistic
content from trusted sources and can display such con-
tent in a personalized manner together with self-created
editorial content. The link between technology and jour-
nalism is established by way of standardized and suc-
cessive integration into Samsung’s relevant products.
The aim therefore, amongst other things, is for a product
to become established in the market, reducing the de-
pendency on reach-based drivers such as Google News
and Facebook Instant News.

In addition to the challenges that occur, the technological
developments seen in the marketing business also con-
stitute further opportunities for additional advertising
revenues. Employing our know-how and exploiting suita-
ble technical solutions within the field of programmatic
advertising as well as targeted customer agreements by
way of targeting measures, results in promising addition-
al opportunities within the advertising business.

The increased internationalization of Axel Springer result-
ing from corresponding investments represents an addi-
tional benefit to the Group within the advertising busi-
ness. In comparison to competitor publishers who are
more heavily focused on the German-speaking region,
we are able to offer globally active customers a wider
reader base and/or higher reach for advertising cam-
paigns, all from a single source.

All of Axel Springer’s divisions and companies work on
continuous improvement of technologies and processes
in order to maintain and expand their position in the face
of competition. This also includes an intensive, Group-
wide exchange of successful business models, technol-
ogies, and processes. It is assumed that this exchange
and the exploitation of potential synergies at the compa-
ny headquarters in Berlin will be supported by the
planned Axel Springer Campus and, thus, the spatial
proximity of our undertakings.


--- Page 46 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Political and legal opportunities

The ancillary copyright for press publishers (Leistungss-
chutzrecht fur Presseverleger) entered into force at the
beginning of August 2013, with the aim of further en-
hancing the protection of intellectual property. This stipu-
lates that license fees shall be chargeable to search
engine providers for using publisher content, unless such
use relates to “individual words” or “the smallest text
snippets“. The market-leading search engine provider
rejected this. At present, there is a revocable “free-of-
charge” consent granted by the publishers to Google to
use their text snippets in search results. In December
2015, VG Media, a copyright collective representing
more than 200 digital publisher offerings, lodged a com-
plaint in the dispute with Google over the ancillary copy-
right. This may have a positive impact on Axel Springer
and its digital offerings, depending on the outcome
and/or any agreement reached.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Operational and other opportunities

Axel Springer is continually working on the optimization
of operational processes and structures. Axel Springer
therefore regards inter-company, cross-divisional and
cross-functional interlinking as a key factor for success in
order to produce innovative and tailored content as well
as provide high quality products and services for our
customers. Smooth interlinking and the digital transfor-
mation of processes could lead to a number of un-
planned synergy effects on the cost situation, thus lead-
ing to positive deviations from the budget. The increased
and suitably supported exchange of technological know-
how between Axel Springer Group companies, for ex-
ample, also offers additional opportunities to further
improve our position in our core markets.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Forecast report

Anticipated economic environment

General economic environment

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) slightly lowered its
growth forecast for the world economy in its outlook
from January 2016. The IMF states weaker prospects for
emerging countries in particular as being the reason for
doing so. Furthermore, economic growth in the USA is
expected to be less dynamic than the IMF had even
forecast in autumn 2015.

According to the forecast, the world economy will expand
in 2016 by 3.4% in real terms. The IMF expects growth of
2.6 % in the USA in real terms. The high dollar exchange
rate is indeed putting the brakes on US performance.
However, growth is being supported by the favorable
developments seen on the housing and employment
market. According to the forecast, the Chinese economy
will expand by 6.3%, adjusted for price. The IMF expects
an increase in Gross Domestic Product of 1.7 % for the
euro area in real terms for 2015. Such growth will proba-
bly be driven primarily by lower energy prices and the
continuation of the favorable financing conditions.

The ifo Institute expects to see a continuing upward trend
in 2016 for the German economy. Accordingly, eco-
nomic performance will increase by 1.9% in real terms
over the whole year. Private consumption will continue to
back growth. Thanks to increasing incomes and an over-
all drop in charges for taxes and duties of households,
the ifo Institute therefore forecasts an increase of 2.0% in
private consumption, adjusted for price.

Construction investments should increase substantially
again in 2016 with a real increase of 2.1%. However,
despite the favorable financing conditions in place, in-
dustrial investment will grow at a weaker rate of 3.5%
compared to the current year, adjusted for price. Ac-
cording to the ifo Institute, capacities will on the one
hand continue to be used as normal, whereas on the
other hand the export industry is only expected to ex-
pand at a moderate rate. While German exports are
expected to grow in 2016 by 4.4 % in real terms, imports
are even expected to increase by 5.3% as a result of the
robust domestic economic situation.

57

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

The ifo Institute no longer expects any price-dampening
momentum from crude oil prices in the current year. In
addition, price rises in the domestic economy are ex-
pected to become more intense. As a result, the con-
sumer price level is expected to increase by 1.0% on
average over the course of 2016. According to the ifo
forecast, the unemployment rate will remain stable in
2016 at 6.4%. This will mean around 2.8 million unem-
ployed persons on average over the course of the year.
Thanks to the strong demand for labor, the number of
gainfully employed persons will reach a total of 43.3
million. This corresponds to an increase of around
370,000 persons. The ifo Institute estimates that the
migration of refugees will help to increase the potential
labor force in 2016 by around 350,000 persons.

The ifo Institute anticipates a slight acceleration in eco-
nomic stimulation for central and eastern Europe.
Price levels and local currencies appear to be stable, and
interest rates are likely to remain low. Economic stimulus
is provided by companies and private household, but
also increasingly from government measures.

Industry environment

The German Advertising Association (ZAW) assumes in
its forecast for 2016 an upward trend for advertising
budgets, partially driven by sports events such as the
European Soccer Championships in France and the
Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.

According to the current advertising market forecast by
ZenithOptimedia, an increase of 4.7 % is expected

for 2016 worldwide (nominally). ZenithOptimedia there-
fore corrected its forecast of + 5.0% from Septem-

ber 2015 downwards. The expected swing in expecta-
tions is in principle based on the major sports events, the
European Soccer Championships in France and the
summer Olympic Games, as well as the presidential
elections in the USA. According to ZenithOptimedia,
mobile devices and online moving images are current
drivers in the global advertising market.


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Currently available forecasts for the German advertising
industry predict mixed developments for the different
types of media. ZenithOptimedia expects net advertising
market revenue (marketing revenues net of rebates and
agent’s commission) in Germany for 2016 to increase by
1.6% (nominal). Thus, the total advertising market will
not grow as fast as the general economy, which is ex-
pected to expand at a nominal rate of 3.6 % (+1.9 % in
real terms) according to the ifo Institute. Growth in the
advertising market is driven by digital (+7.6 %), TV
(+2.5 %) and outdoor (+3.0 %). ZenithOptimedia is pre-
dicting a drop in net advertising revenues for newspa-
pers (-3.4 %), magazines (-2.1 %) and radio (-0.3 %).

The forecast data also reflects the structural shift of
advertising expenditures in favor of digital platforms. The
proportion of total advertising expenditures targeted to
online and mobile platforms will rise further.

Global trends also set the tone for Germany. Growth in
the advertising market is technology-driven, particularly
in the mobile, online moving images (video) and pro-
grammatic growth segments. Due to the continued
spread of mobile devices, technical improvements in
advertising forms and increase in the variety of advertis-
ing forms, and technical innovations in controlling multi-
device campaigns, considerable growth in advertising
expenditure is expected.

Progressive automation of an advertising booking via
programmatic buying platforms is also seen as a driver
for online and mobile advertising.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

ZenithOptimedia’s forecast for the international mar-
kets in which Axel Springer conducts business through
its own subsidiaries paints a mixed picture. In 2016, the
net advertising volume of the online market in western
Europe will increase by 12.1 % to US-$ 40.8 billion,
based on the assumption of consistent exchange rates.

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2016 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared

to prior year (nominal) Online Print
Germany 7.6% -29%
United Kingdom 179% 6.2%
France” 4.6% -7.3%
Poland” 106%  -14.4%
Switzerland” 10.8% -2.9%
Hungary 68% -15%
Belgium” 10.0% -2.0%
Slovakia” 14.5% -48%
Netherlands 7.6% -47%
Serbia” 11.0% 87%
Austria” 11.4% -3.4%
Ireland 12.9% 23%
Italy” 74% -45%
Spain” 12.0% 14%
USA 15.6% 46%
Israel 7.7% 101%
India” 25.0% 11.5%
Brazil 42% 6.4%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast (December 2015).
Excluding classified ads, that means exclusively sales from display advertising,
® Gross advertising revenues (excluding classified ads).


--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Group

Strategic and organizational orientation

The highest strategic priority for Axel Springer is to pur-
sue the consistent digitization of our business. We aim to
attain the goal of becoming the leading digital publisher
by further developing our digital offerings in Germany and
abroad, and by making targeted acquisitions.

Comparison of forecast with actual performance

The forecast targets published in March 2015 were
essentially attained.

Group

Forecast 2015
Revenues low to mid single-digit

percentage increase 85%
EBITDA high single-digit percentage

increase 10.2%
EBIT high single-digit percentage

increase 13.8%
Earnings per share, low double-digit percentage
adjusted increase 10.3%
Segments

Forecast 2015
Revenues
Classified Ad Models Significant

increase 471%
Paid Models low single-digit percentage

decline -17%
Marketing Models low to mid single-digit

percentage increase 10.7%
Services/Holding Significant

decline 24.5%
EBITDA/EBIT
Classified Ad Models Significant 38.9 %/

increase 37.2%
Paid Models low double-digit percentage -15.9%/

decline -17.0%
Marketing Models mid to high single-digit -17.7 %/

percentage decline -16.3%
Services/Holding Significant 35,3 %/

improvement 27.3%

59

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

The revenue forecast for the Group was upgraded dur-
ing the year. Following the revenue development in the
first nine months, an increase in total revenues in the mid
single-digit percentage range was forecast in November
for the entire year, whereas previously an increase in the
low to mid single-digit percentage range had been ex-
pected. Expectations for revenues and EBITDA as well
as for EBIT were slightly exceeded and met for the ad-
justed earnings per share.

Expectations for the Classified Ad Models and Paid
Models segments were met for the segments. In Paid
Models the revenues developed in the expected range.
The decrease of the EBITDAVEBIT occurred due to un-
planned restructuring expenses, slightly higher than
initially forecasted. An update of the forecast for reve-
nues and EBITDA/EBIT was performed in August for the
Marketing Models segment following publication of the
half year figures in August. We expect revenues to in-
crease by an amount in the mid to high single-digit per-
centage range after better than expected development in
the Performance Marketing area, whereas previously an
increase in the low to mid percentage range had been
expected. The upgraded revenue forecast for the seg-
ment was slightly exceeded. Up until then, we had also
expected EBITDA/EBIT to decrease in the mid to high
single-digit percentage range, amongst other things due
to planned expenditure for increasing competitiveness,
and the internationalization of digital business models
within the field of Reach Based Marketing. The EBITDA/-
EBIT forecast for the segment was adjusted to a low
double-digit to significant decline, particularly as a result
of portfolio changes. This adjusted prognosis was con-
firmed by the development of the business in the sector
of marketing Models.


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the Group

We anticipate in the Group that total revenues will be
higher for the 2016 financial year than the prior-year figure
by an amount in the low single-digit percentage range.
Adjusted for consolidation effects, primarily due to the
deconsolidation of the activities in Switzerland, growth
would be higher and would be in the mid single-digit
percentage range. We assume that the planned increase
in advertising revenues will more than compensate for the
decline in circulation revenues and other revenues.

We expect a rise in EBITDA in the low to mid single-digit
percentage range. In this case, a rise in EBITDA in the
Classified Ads Models segment is expected, whilst the
EBITDA, of Marketing Models segment should finish
around the level of the prior year due to planned invest-
ments in product quality and also in digitization. For Paid
Models and Service Holding, the EBITDA is expected to
be below the previous year level.

For EBIT we expect developments to slightly lower than
for EBITDA due to higher depreciation, amortization and
impairments.

For the adjusted earnings per share, we expect an
increase in the mid-to-high single digit percentage.

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the segments

The revenues of the Classified Ad Models segment are
expected to rise in the low double-digit percentage range
due mainly to organic growth. We expect EBITDA to
increase in the lower two-digit percentage range due to
increased investments in IT infrastructure and higher
Marketing expenditure.

In the Paid Models segment we expect a decline in total
revenues in the mid single-digit percentage range for the
2016 financial year. This is predominantly due to consol-
idation effects, especially of the activities in Switzerland.
We expect a decline in circulation revenues, amongst
other reasons, due to the structural declines within the
national and international print business. We expect
advertising revenues and other revenues to be almost at

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

the prior-year figure. We also expect a decline in EBITDA
in the mid to high single-digit percentage range due to
planned investments for new digital business models,
primarely for Business Insider and upday.

We expect the total revenues of the Marketing Models
segment to increase by an amount in the mid single-digit
percentage range, based on the anticipated growth of
advertising revenues revenues. We expect a decline in
other revenues due to the sale of Talpa Germany and
Smart AdServer in the prior year. We expect EBITDA
around the previous year level, due to, amongst other
things, planned expenditure for the internationalization of
digital business models and planned investments in
product development and technology within the field of
Reach Based Marketing.

Due to decreasing printing plant revenues and lower
rental revenues in connection with the sale of parts of the
building on the Hamburg site, we expect a considerable
decline in revenues in the Services/Holding segment.
Due to the revenue development, amongst other things,
we expect a decline in EBITDA in the mid single-digit
percentage range compared to the prior year figure.

For EBIT we expect developments for the Classified Ad
Models and Paid Models to be similar to those for
EBITDA, while the EBIT development for Marketing
Models and the Services/Holding segment should be
presumably under that of the EBITDA development, due
to increased depreciation, amortization and impairments
and it will therefore be slightly declining.

Anticipated liquidity and financial position

Based on the capital expenditure projects planned to
date, investments in property, plant, and equipment, and
intangible assets are likely to be higher than the corre-
sponding prior-year figure with regards to the liquidity
and financial position. Financing will be provided by
operating cash flow.


--- Page 51 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Dividend policy

Subject to the condition of sound financial performance
in the future, Axel Springer has a dividend policy of sta-
ble or slightly increased dividend distribution, while also
allowing for the financing of growth.

Anticipated development of the workforce

The average full-year number of employees in 2016 will
be higher than in 2015. This is mainly due to organic
growth and acquisitions in connection with the digital
transformation of the Group’s business.

Planning assumptions

We plan the future development of the financial perfor-
mance, liquidity, and financial position on the basis of
assumptions that are plausible and sufficiently probable
from today’s perspective. However, actual developments
could possibly be much different from the assumptions
applied and thus from the business plans and trend
forecasts prepared on the basis of those assumptions

Basically, the forecast is based on the assumption that
no significant deterioration in the economic environment
will follow.

The forecasts for EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted earn-
ings per share do not reflect any possible effects result-
ing from possible future acquisitions, divestitures, and
capital measures as well as from unplanned restructuring
expenses.

61

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted earnings per share do not
contain any non-recurring effects, any writedowns from
purchase price allocations, nor any associated tax effects.
Non-recurring effects are defined as effects resulting from
the acquisition and sale of subsidiaries, divisions, and
equity investments, as well as writedowns and writeups of
equity investments, effects resulting from the sale of real
estate, impairments, and writeups of real estate used for
operational purposes. Purchase price allocation
writedowns include the expenses of amortization, depre-
ciation, and impairments of intangible assets, and property,
plant, and equipment acquired in connection with the
acquisition of companies and business divisions.

We consider EBITDA, EBIT, and adjusted earnings per
share to be suitable indicators for measuring the opera-
tional profitability of Axel Springer, because these indica-
tors ignore effects that do not reflect the fundamental
business performance of Axel Springer.

EBITDA, EBIT, and adjusted earnings per share are not
defined under International Financial Reporting Stand-
ards and should therefore be regarded as supplementary
information.


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2015 Combined Management Report
Axel Springer SE Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Disclosures and explanatory report of the
Executive Board pursuant to takeover law

This section contains the disclosures pursuant to Sec- @ A share transfer restriction agreement was concluded
tions 289 (4), 315 (4) HGB, along with the explanatory between Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Brilliant 310. GmbH,
report of the Executive Board pursuant to Section 176 (1) Axel Springer AG and M.M. Warburg & Co. KGaA on
(1) AktG. July 31 / August 4, 2006. Under this share transfer
restriction agreement, the direct and indirect purchase
Composition of subscribed capital or disposal of the shares of Axel Springer SE by Bril-
liant 310. GmbH or Dr. Mathias Dopfner are made
Following the capital increase implemented in December contingent on the prior consent of Axel Springer SE,
2015 (for more information see page 9), the company’s in accordance with the company’s Articles of Incorpo-
subscribed capital amounts to € 107,895,311. It is divid- ration.
ed into 107,895,311 registered shares. The shares can
only be transferred with the company’s consent (regis- @ By virtue of a declaration dated August 14, 2012,
tered shares of restricted transferability, see below). The Dr. Mathias Dépfner acceded to a pool agreement
company has only one class of shares. (‘pool agreement”) concluded between Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG, in re-
All shares carry the same rights and obligations. Each spect of the 1,978,800 shares of Axel Springer SE
share grants the right to cast one vote in the annual that were given to him as a present by Dr. h.c. Friede
shareholders’ meeting and represents the basis for de- Springer on the same date. In total, the pool agree-
termining the shareholder's entitlement to the company’s ment covers 52,826,967 voting shares of Axel
net profit. By way of exception, treasury shares do not Springer SE (“pool-bound shares”). Under the terms
confer any rights to the company (cf. Section 71b AktG). of the pool agreement, a pool member who wishes to
(Please refer to page 65 for information on the compa- transfer his pool-bound shares to a third party must
ny’s treasury shares). first offer these shares for purchase to the other pool
members (purchase right). The purchase right expires
Restrictions on voting rights or the two weeks after the purchase offer. The purchase
transfer of shares right does not apply in the case of transfers to certain

persons who are related to the pool member.

Transfer restrictions

™@ The 8,955,311 newly registered shares of Axel
Springer SE issued to General Atlantic Codperatif U.A.,
Amsterdam, Netherlands, under the capital increase,
are subject to a holding period in accordance with the
agreements made between the company and General
Atlantic Codperatif U.A. This amounts to 6 months for
50% of these shares, and 18 months for the remain-

By virtue of Article 5 para. 3 of the company’s Articles of
Incorporation, shares of Axel Springer SE and subscrip-
tion rights can be transferred only with the company’s
consent. Such consent must be granted by the Execu-
tive Board, although internally, it is the Supervisory Board
that adopts the resolution to grant such consent. Ac-
cording to the company’s Articles of Incorporation, such
consent can be refused without indication of reasons. ing 50%.
However, the company will not arbitrarily refuse its con-

sent to the transfer of company shares. Other transfer restrictions based on the German law of

obligations exist in connection with the share ownership
programs conducted in the 2012, 2013 and 2014 finan-
cial years, as well as the current financial year, for the
employees of the Axel Springer Group. In general the
shares acquired as part of the share ownership program
in 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 are subject to a minimum
holding period of four years (i.e. until May 31, 2016, May

To the company’s knowledge, transfer restrictions based
on the German law of obligations (Schuldrecht) exist by
virtue of the following agreements:

62


--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

31, 2017, May 31, 2018, and May 31, 2019). During the
minimum holding period, employee shares are held in a
blocked account with Deutsche Bank AG.

The minimum holding periods for shares issued under
share ownership programs in earlier years have already
expired.

In connection with the Virtual Stock Option Plan 2011
and 2014 for senior executives, the beneficiaries are
required to personally invest in shares of Axel Spring-
er SE. These shares are not subject to any restrictions
on disposal, but any disposition of these shares would
cause the corresponding virtual stock option rights to
lapse without replacement or compensation (for infor-
mation on the virtual stock option plan 2011 and 2014
for senior executives, see page 80).

The same applies to the virtual stock option plans 2012
and 2014 for members of the Executive Board (see page
77 for information on the virtual stock option plans 2012
and 2014 for Executive Board members).

Voting right restrictions

Under the above-mentioned pool agreement between
Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Friede
Springer GmbH & Co. KG, the voting rights and other
rights attached to the pool-bound shares are to be exer-
cised in the annual shareholders’ meeting of Axel
Springer SE in accordance with the corresponding reso-
lutions of the pool members, regardless of whether and
how the respective pool member voted on the resolution
of the pool. The voting rights of pool members in the
meeting of pool members are based on their voting
rights in the annual shareholders’ meeting of Axel
Springer SE, depending on the number of pool-bound
voting shares held. To the extent that Friede Springer
GmbH & Co. KG indirectly holds shares in Axel Spring-
er SE its voting rights are based on the imputed number
of pool-bound voting shares indirectly held by Friede
Springer GmbH & Co. KG.

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Shareholdings that represent more than
10 % of voting rights

At the end of financial year 2015, the following direct and
indirect shareholdings in the equity of Axel Springer SE
represented more than 10% of voting rights in the com-
pany: Axel Springer Gesellschaft flr Publizistik GmbH &
Co, Berlin, Germany (direct), AS Publizistik GmbH, Berlin,
Germany (indirect), Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG,
Berlin, Germany (indirect), Friede Springer Verwaltungs-
GmbH, Berlin, Germany (indirect), Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer, Berlin, Germany (indirect), and Dr. Mathias
Dépfner, Potsdam, Germany (indirect).

Information on the amounts of the above-mentioned
shareholdings may be found in the disclosures pertaining
to voting rights notifications in the notes to the 2015
financial statements of Axel Springer SE,
www.axelspringer.com/financialpublications, and in the
section entitled “Voting rights notifications” of the com-
pany’s website at www.axelspringer.com/votingrights.

Shares endowed with special rights that
confer powers of control

There are no shares endowed with special rights that
confer powers of control.

Manner of controlling voting rights
when employees hold shares in the
company’s capital and do not directly
exercise their rights of control

In connection with the bonus share and share ownership
program for employees conducted in 2009 and the
share ownership programs for the years 2011, 2012,
2013, 2014 and 2015, Deutsche Bank AG was initially
entered into the share register as the third-party holder of
the shares transferred to the employees. However, each
employee is free to be registered personally as a share-
holder in the share register.


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Statutory provisions and provisions of
the Articles of Incorporation pertaining
to the appointment and dismissal of
Executive Board members and
amendments to the Articles of
Incorporation

The company’s Articles of Incorporation provide that the
Executive Board of Axel Springer SE must be composed
of at least two persons. The Supervisory Board decides
on the number of Executive Board members, and on the
appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members.
According to Article 46 para. 1 of the EU Regulation on
European Companies (SE-VO), the maximum term of
Office for members of the Executive Board of a European
company (Societas Europaea, SE) is six years; in the
present instance, this maximum term is shortened to five
years by virtue of Article 8 para. 2 sub-para. 1 of the
Articles of Incorporation of Axel Springer SE correspond-
ing to the previous maximum term pursuant to Section (1)
(1) of the German Stock Corporations Act (AktG). The
term of office can be renewed or extended for a period
of no more than five years thereafter (for details, see
Article 8 para. 2 of the company’s Articles of Incorpora-
tion; Article 46 para. 1 and para. 2 SE-VO). If more than
one person has been appointed to the Executive Board,
the Supervisory Board is authorized to appoint one of
those members as the Chairman (Article 8 para. 3 sub-
para. 2 of the Articles of Incorporation of Axel Spring-

er SE). If a required Executive Board member is lacking,
the court is authorized, in urgent cases, to appoint the
necessary member at the request of one involved party
(Article 9 para. 1 letter c) ii) SE-VO in conjunction with
Section 85 (1) (1) AktG). The Supervisory Board is au-
thorized to revoke the appointment of an Executive
Board member and the Executive Board Chairman for an
important reason (for details, see Article 39 para. 2 sub-
para. 1, Article 9 para. 1 letter c) ii) SE-VO, Section 84 (3)
(1) and (2) Akt@).

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Insofar as obligatory laws or provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation do not require a greater majority, amend-
ments to the company’s Articles of Incorporation require
a resolution of the annual shareholders’ meeting carried
by a majority of the votes cast, or provided that at least
one half of the company’s share capital is represented,
by a simple majority (see Article 21 para. 2 sub-para. 2 of
the company’s Articles of Incorporation in conjunction
with Section 51 (1) of the European Company Imple-
menting Act (SEAG), Article 59 para. 1 and 2 SE-VO).
The latter does not apply to an amendment changing the
business object and purpose of the company, or toa
resolution regarding the relocation of the registered head
office of the SE to another member state pursuant to
Article 8 para. 6 SE-VO (see Section 51 (2) SEAG, Arti-
cle 59 para. 1 and 2 SE-VO). An amendment of the
corporate governance principles set forth in Article 3 of
the company’s Articles of Incorporation requires a ma-
jority equal to at least four fifths of the votes cast repre-
sented in the adoption of the resolution (see Article 21
para. 3 of the Articles of Incorporation).

The Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve amend-
ments to the Articles of Incorporation that only involve
changes to the wording (Article 13 of the Articles of
Incorporation).

Authority of the Executive Board to issue
or buy back shares

The Executive Board was authorized, in accordance with
Article 5 para. 4 of the Articles of Incorporation, and
based on the resolution of the annual shareholders’
meeting of April 14, 2015, to increase the capital stock
by April 13, 2020, subject to the approval of the Supervi-
sory Board, by issuing registered shares of restricted
transferability, either in a single tranche or in several
tranches and in return for cash and/or non-cash contri-
butions (including mixed non-cash contributions), up to a
total of € 11,000,000 (authorized capital).


--- Page 55 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

By partially drawing down this authorized capital, the
capital stock was increased by € 8,955,311 and
8.955.311 new registered shares of Axel Springer SE
were issued to General Atlantic, with effect from Decem-
ber 9, 2015. The subsequently remaining authorized
capital in accordance with Article 5 para. 4 of the Articles
of Incorporation empowers the Executive Board to in-
crease the capital stock, subject to the approval of the
Supervisory Board, by € 2,044,689 by issuing new regis-
tered shares of restricted transferability.

By way of a resolution at the annual shareholders’ meet-
ing on April 14, 2011, (Agenda Item 7), the Executive
Board was authorized with approval of the Supervisory
Board until April 13, 2016, to acquire treasury shares of
the company up to 10% of the existing share capital on
adoption of the resolution. In the context of the company
being converted into an SE with effect of December

2, 2013, as a precautionary measure in case non-
registrable resolutions would be held to not remain valid
after the conversion, it was resolved at the annual share-
holders’ meeting of April 16 2014, to authorize the Com-
pany again to acquire and use treasury shares, with a
prolonged term until April 15, 2019, whilst revoking the
previous authorization. Acquisition must only take place
on the stock exchange or via a public offer directed at all
shareholders or a public invitation to submit an offer to
buy.

Along with the shares held by the company or attributa-
ble to the company in accordance with Article 5 SE-VO
in conjunction with Sections 71a ff. AktG, the shares
purchased by virtue of the foregoing authorization may
not at any time exceed 10% of the company’s capital
stock. Details concerning this authorization are provided
in the invitation to the annual shareholders’ meeting of
April 16, 2014, which is available on the website of Axel
Springer SE (see Agendaltem 8 and the Executive
Board’s report on this subject).

At the end of financial year 2015, the company held no
treasury shares.

Axel Springer SE does not have any contingent capital.

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Significant agreements of the company
subject to the condition of a change of
control resulting from a takeover offer

With the exception of regulations in the Schuldschein
and consortium loans stated in the following, as well as
contractually entitled cancellation rights for part of Ex-
ecutive Board members in case of a change of control
(for more information see page 65 below and page 78 of
this Annual Report), the company has not made any
major agreements that would take effect in the event of a
change of control due to a takeover.

The company placed a Schuldschein with a nominal
volume of € 500,000,000 on the capital market in

April 2012; the financing volume was increased by

€ 137,000,000 for optimizing financing terms in October
2014 by partial cancellation, conversion, and subscrip-
tion of the existing promissory note, meaning therefore
that the total volume was € 637,000,000, and callable in
six tranches. The lender can demand, in the event of a
change of control, that the receivables held can be par-
tially or fully paid back early within a 90 day period.

Aside from specific exceptions that relate to the share-
holders that currently control Axel Springer SE, a change
of control is understood to mean, in the context of the
Schuldschein, the acquisition of shares of Axel Spring-
er SE representing more than 50% of the capital stock
and/or voting rights by one or more parties acting to-
gether.

With regard to the consortium loans re-negotiated in July
2015 and totaling € 1,500,000,000, the lenders are also
entitled to terminate the loan in the event of a change of
control. Aside from specific exceptions that relate to the
shareholders that currently control Axel Springer SE, a
change of control is understood to mean the acquisition of
shares of Axel Springer SE representing more than 50 %
of voting rights by one or more parties acting together.


--- Page 56 ---

Annual Report 2015
Axel Springer SE

Indemnification agreements between the
company and Executive Board members
or employees in the event of a change of
control

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
in control. A change of control in the context of these
agreements shall not apply if the controlling shareholder
Dr. h.c. Friede Springer no longer holds and/or intends
to control the majority of shares, either directly or indi-
rectly. In such a case, they will have the right to receive
payment of their base salary for the most recently nego-
tiated remaining contractual term (some of the eligible

Combined Management Report

Executive Board members will have the right to receive
payment of an amount equal to at least one year’s base
salary) and/or a lump sum amounting to the total remu-
neration for the duration of the original residual term; the
amount of the aforementioned payments is typically
limited. Furthermore, the company will pay the pro-rated
percentage of the success-based compensation for the
period of time served in the year of resignation. The
employment contracts of the members of the Executive
Board do not provide for any other compensation if the
employment relationship is terminated as a result of a
change in control.

There are no such indemnification agreements with other
employees of the company.
