

--- Page 1 ---

48

Ee Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

1. Bayer at a Glance

1.1 Corporate Profile

Bayer is a Life Science company with a more than 150-year history and core competencies in the areas
of health care and agriculture. With our innovative products, we are contributing to finding solutions to
some of the major challenges of our time. The growing and increasingly aging world population re-
quires improved medical care and an adequate supply of food. Bayer is improving people's quality of
life by preventing, alleviating and treating diseases. And we are helping to provide a reliable supply of
high-quality food, feed and plant-based raw materials.

We develop new molecules for use in innovative products and solutions to improve the health of hu-
mans, animals and plants. Our research and development activities are based on a profound under-
standing of the biochemical processes in living organisms.

Our goal is to achieve and sustain leadership positions in our markets, thus creating value for our cus-
tomers, stockholders and employees. To this end, our strategy is designed to help solve some of the
most pressing challenges facing humankind, and by doing this exceptionally well we aim to strengthen
the company’s earning power.

We are committed to operating sustainably and addressing our social and ethical responsibilities as a
corporate citizen, while at the same time respecting the interests of all our stakeholders. Employees
with a passion for innovation enjoy excellent development opportunities at Bayer.

All this goes to make up our mission — Bayer: Science For A Better Life.

EXCLUSIVE FOCUS ON THE LIFE SCIENCE BUSINESSES

Following the economic and legal independence of our former MaterialScience subgroup, now
Covestro, Bayer has charted the course for its successful development as a Life Science company. Our
businesses hold leading positions in innovation-driven growth markets. Together they make up a strong,
attractive and balanced portfolio that is resistant to fluctuations in demand and to potential risks. The
previous structure — comprising a strategic management holding company and operational subgroups —
has thus been replaced by an integrated organization under the umbrella of the strong Bayer brand.

The chapters in this report dealing with corporate strategy and future perspectives are based on the
new structure because they look ahead. All other chapters reflect the organizational structure in effect
through December 31, 2015.

OUR VALUES

Bayer’s values play a central role in our daily work and are intended to guide us in fulfilling our mission
“Bayer: Science For A Better Life.” They are represented by the acronym LIFE, which stands for Leader-
ship, Integrity, Flexibility and Efficiency.

These values apply to everyone at Bayer and are firmly integrated into our global performance man-
agement system for managerial employees. Our value culture ensures a common identity throughout
the enterprise across national boundaries, management hierarchies and cultural differences.


--- Page 2 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 wa

Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

1.2 Corporate Structure

CORPORATE STRUCTURE IN 2015

Until December 31, 2015, Bayer AG, headquartered in Leverkusen, Germany, served as a strategic
management holding company, defining common values, goals and strategies for the entire Bayer
Group. It was also responsible for resource allocation and managerial appointments. Under its direction,
the three subgroups — HealthCare, CropScience and Covestro (formerly MaterialScience) — conducted
their business operations on their own responsibility in line with predefined goals, supported by three
service companies. Following the signing of a sales agreement with Panasonic Healthcare Holdings,
Ltd. on June 8, 2015, the Diabetes Care business is no longer reported under continuing operations.

Bayer Group Structure 2015 (Graphic 3.1.2]

T I
HealthCare
CropScience Covestro
Pharma- Consumer
|
Business

Services
Coaster Crop Protection /Seeds Polyurethanes
Care
Medical Environmental Science Polycarbonates |_| Technology
aug Services
fuel Coatings, Adhesives, Specialties
_ Currenta
Industrial Operations (60%)
Key Data by Subgroup and Segment (Table 3.1.11
Sales EBIT EBITDA before special items"
€ million € million € million € million € million € million
HealthCare 19,075 22,874 3,470 4,050 5,357 6,419
Pharmaceuticals 12,052 13,745 2,371 2,807 3,699 4,195
Consumer Health 7,023 9,129 1,099 1,243 1,658 2,224
CropScience 9,494 10,367 1,806 2,103 2,360 2,416
Covestro 11,651 11,982 555 635 1,187 1,659
Reconciliation 1,119 1,101 (436) (538) (219) (228)
Group 41,339 46,324 5,395 6,250 8,685 10,266

1 For definition see Chapter 14.2 "Calculation of EBIT(DA) Before Special Items.”

In 2015, the Bayer Group comprised 307 consolidated companies in 77 countries throughout the world.

49


--- Page 3 ---

ET Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

NEW CORPORATE STRUCTURE EFFECTIVE 2016

With the company’s focus now on the Life Science businesses, a new organizational structure was
introduced effective January 1, 2016. The company’s operations are now managed in three divisions —
Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health and Crop Science — and the Animal Health business unit. The for-
mer Bayer HealthCare subgroup has been dissolved. The Radiology and Pharmaceuticals businesses
have been merged to form the Pharmaceuticals Division. The Consumer Health Division now consists
entirely of the consumer care business. Animal Health has become a separate reporting segment. The
Bayer CropScience subgroup is now the Crop Science Division. The former MaterialScience subgroup,
renamed Covestro, became legally and economically independent on September 1, 2015. Covestro AG
was floated on the stock market on October 6, 2015. Bayer currently still owns around 69% of
Covestro AG. Covestro therefore remains a reporting segment of the Bayer Group because Bayer AG
continues to exercise control.

Effective January 1, 2016, the Board of Management of Bayer AG was enlarged to include the heads of
the new Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health and Crop Science divisions. The business continues to be
supported by Business Services and Currenta, while Technology Services is being integrated into
Bayer AG, forming the Engineering s Technology function.

Bayer Group Structure in 2016 (Graphic 3.1.3]

BOARD OF MANAGEME

Pharmaceuticals Consumer Health

Crop Science

Animal Health

Currenta (60%) Covestro (around 69%:

Pro Forma Key Data by New Segment [Table 3.1.21
Sales EBIT EBITDA before spe tems"

€ milion € milion € million € million € million € milion

Pharmaceuticals 13,512 15,308 2,627 3,027 4,081 4,615
Consumer Health 4,245 6,076 609 769 991 1,456
Crop Science 9,494 10,367 1,806 2,103 2,360 2,416
Animal Health 1,318 1,490 234 254 285 348
Reconciliation? 1119 1,101 (436) (538) (219) (228)
Total Life Sciences? 29,688 34,342 4,840 5,615 7,498 8,607
Covestro 11,651 11,982 555 635 1,187 1,659
Group 41,339 46,324 5,395 6,250 8,685 10,266

* For definition see Chapter 14.2 “Calculation of EBIT(DA) Before Special Items.”

? Reconciliation includes the Business Services and Currenta service companies ("Other segments”) as well as the corporate functions and
consolidation effects.

3 Including service companies


--- Page 4 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

The Pharmaceuticals Division focuses on prescription products, especially for cardiology and women’s
healthcare, and on specialty therapeutics in the areas of oncology, hematology and ophthalmology. The
division also comprises the radiology business, which markets diagnostic imaging equipment together
with the necessary contrast agents.

The Consumer Health Division markets mainly nonprescription products in the dermatology, dietary
supplement, analgesic, gastrointestinal, cold, allergy, sinus and flu, foot care, sun protection and cardio-
vascular risk prevention categories. These products include globally known brands such as Claritin™,
Aspirin™, Aleve™, Bepanthen™/Bepanthol™, Canesten™, Dr. Scholl’s™’ and Coppertone™.

The Crop Science Division has businesses in seeds, crop protection and nonagricultural pest control. It
is organized into two operating units: Crop Protection/Seeds and Environmental Science. Crop Protec-
tion/Seeds markets a broad portfolio of high-value seeds along with innovative chemical and biological
pest management solutions, while at the same time providing extensive customer service for modern
and sustainable agriculture. Environmental Science focuses on nonagricultural applications, with a
broad portfolio of pest control products and services designed for applications ranging from the home
and garden sector to forestry.

The Animal Health Business Unit offers products and services for the prevention and treatment of
diseases in companion and farm animals.

The corporate functions and Business Services operate as Group-wide competence centers in which
business support services are bundled. Currenta is the service company responsible for managing and
operating the Chempark sites in Leverkusen, Dormagen and Krefeld-Uerdingen.

Covestro is a leading supplier of high-tech polymer materials and develops innovative product solutions
for a wide variety of everyday uses.

1.3 Group Strategy

Our mission “Bayer: Science For A Better Life” continues to guide our endeavors. The steadily growing
and aging global population needs new and better medicines and an adequate food supply. With our
Life Science innovations, we offer answers to these challenges.

@ OUR OBJECTIVE: PROFITABLE GROWTH

Our corporate strategy is aligned toward profitable growth that will increase the company’s value in the
long term. As well as expanding in growth markets, we attach special importance to the development of
new products that create significant value for our stakeholders.

© THE FOUNDATION FOR OUR SUCCESS: INNOVATION

Science-based innovations have made us the globally successful company we are today. Going forward,
we will continue to strengthen this important foundation for our success. In 2016 alone, we plan to
invest around €4.5 billion in research and development — more than ever before. Our scientists will
continue to collaborate across divisional boundaries, supported in part by the new Bayer Life Science
Center, which has been created to identify innovative technologies developed by startups and universi-
ties and make them available for our fields of activity. We are also driving forward new business models
that include utilizing the opportunities offered by digitization for our company and our customers.

‘Trademark rights and distribution only in certain countries outside the European Union

51


--- Page 5 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

@ A FUNDAMENTAL PREMISE: SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainable business practices are essential to our company’s future viability. We apply our scientific
expertise and innovation strength to help solve global challenges. Our goal in developing, manufactur-
ing and marketing our products is to balance commercial success with societal and ecological require-
ments while increasing enterprise value. We aim to ensure broad social acceptance for our business
through responsible practices in areas such as product stewardship, environmental protection, safety,
compliance, supplier management and human resources policy, taking into account the expectations of
relevant stakeholders.

@ OUR MOST IMPORTANT RESOURCE: THE EMPLOYEES

Our employees are the key to our company’s success. We therefore create a working environment in
which each employee can unfold his or her full potential, drive forward innovations and achieve perfor-
mance excellence. Our objective as an employer is to partner an employee throughout his or her career
and not just at a certain phase. We live up to this aspiration with flexible worktime models, a firm com-
mitment to social responsibility and the provision of wide-ranging development opportunities across the
company. A diverse employee structure is also vital for our company’s future competitiveness. We there-
fore strive for a good cultural and gender balance in all areas.

1.4 Targets and Performance Indicators

To consistently implement our strategy, we have set ambitious targets for our company and measure
their attainment annually in terms of selected performance indicators. This program encompasses not
only financial targets and innovation goals, but also sustainability objectives that are aligned to im-
portant areas along the value chain. Our aim is to make clear the challenges we have identified in our
core business in the context of sustainable development, and at the same time to highlight the continu-
ous improvements we are committed to making across the enterprise.

Following the legal independence and stock market flotation of Covestro, this company is not included
in the new innovation, sustainability and employee targets. Where necessary, we have adjusted the
reference data for unchanged targets to eliminate the contributions for Covestro.

The current status of our progress in respect of our targets and performance indicators is documented
in the following table and the respective chapters.


--- Page 6 ---

Ls Te.
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

Bayer Annual Report 2015,

Bayer Group Targets (Graphic 3.1.4)

Target Target attainment (as of 2015) New or adjusted target

Profitable Growth

Increase in Group sales (Fx s portfolio adj.); forecast 2.7% increase to €46.3 billion

issued in February 2015: low-single-digit percentage

Low-single-digit percentage increase
(Fx s portfolio adj.) to more than

increase to approx. €46 billion

Increase in EBrrpa before special items; forecast
issued in February 2015: low- to mid-teens percent-
age increase

Increase in core earnings per share; forecast issued
in February 2015: low-teens percentage increase

Innovation

18.2% increase

16.0% increase

€47 billion

Mid-single-digit percentage increase

Mid-single-digit percentage increase

Group: increase in rsp investment to over
€4.0 billion (2015)

HealthCare: transition of more than 10 new
molecular entities (NMEs) into development (2015)

CropScience: transfer of 2 new molecular entities
(ves) or plant traits into confirmatory technical
proof-of-concept field studies (2015)

Covestro (formerly MaterialScience): improvement
in production process technology to achieve better
energy efficiency (2015)

[See Chapters 4 and 10 for more information

Sustainability

€4.3 billion

12 new molecular entities (NMEs)
transferred

Start of field studies on 1 new plant
trait, 1 new molecular entity (vME)
and 2 new biologics

Further use of improved production
technologies (e.g. in TD1, Mp1 and
chlorine production)

Increase in rsp investment to
€4.5 billion (2016)

Pharmaceuticals: transition of
10 new molecular entities (NMEs) into
development (2016)

Consumer Health: transition of
20 consumer-validated concepts into
early development (2016)

Transfer of 3 new molecular entities
(Mes), plant traits or biologics into
confirmatory technical proof-of-
concept field studies

SUPPLIER MANAGEMENT

Evaluation of all strategically important suppliers
(2017)

Evaluation of all potentially high-risk suppliers with
significant Bayer spend (2020)

Development and establishment of a new
sustainability standard for our supply base (2020)

[1 See Chapter 7 for more information

84%

73%

In implementation

Target unchanged

Target unchanged

Target unchanged


--- Page 7 ---

Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

Bayer Group Targets

i

Bayer Annual Report 2015

(Graphic 3.1.4 [continued))

Target

RESOURCE EFFICIENCY

Target attainment (as of 2015)

New or adjusted target

Improvement of 10% in Group-wide energy
efficiency (2020); reference year 2012: 3.50 MWhvt

Reduction of 20% in Group-wide specific greenhouse
gas emissions (2020); reference year 2012:
0.98 t COz/t

Establishment of water management at all sites
in water-scarce areas

[See Chapter 10 for more information

SAFETY

3.34 MWh/t (4% improvement)

1.09 t CO2/t (+11%)

Approx. 58%

Target unchanged; new reference
value (2012): 8.86 MWh/t

Reduction of 15% in Group-wide
specific greenhouse gas emissions
(2020); new reference value (2012):
1.88 t CO2/t

Target unchanged

Reduction of 35% in occupational safety
incident rate (2020); reference year 2012:
IR (Recordable Incident Rate) 0.49

Reduction of 30% in transport incidents (2020);
reference year 2012: 6 incidents

Reduction of 30% in process and plant safety
incidents (2020); reference year 2012: LoPC-1R
(Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate) 0.38

[See Chapter 9 for more information

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP.

RIR 0.42 (— 14%)

12 (+100%)

LoPC-1R 0.22 (- 42%)

Target unchanged; new reference
value (2012): RIR 0.50

Target not being continued

Target unchanged; new reference
value (2012): LoPC-1R 0.21

Conclusion of assessment of hazard potential of all
substances (>999) used in quantities exceeding one
metric ton per annum (2020)

[See Chapter 8 for more information

COMPLIANCE

Conducting of precautionary risk assessments
in all three subgroups (2015)

66%

Successfully completed

Target unchanged

Annual compliance training for all Bayer 97% Annual compliance training

managers (>99%) for close to 100% of Bayer
managers

[See Chapter 16.3 for more information

Continuous improvement in employee engagement; 87% Target unchanged

reference year 2012: 85%

Increase in the proportion of women in senior man- 28% Increase in the proportion of women

agement to 30% (2015); reference year 2010: 21% in senior management to 35%
(2020); reference value remains

Increase in the proportion of senior managers from 21% Increase in the proportion of senior

outside the European Union, the United States or
Canada to 25% (2015); reference year 2013: 18%

[1 See Chapter 6 for more information

managers from outside the European
Union, the United States or Canada to
25% (2020)


--- Page 8 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

Details of further key financial data are found in Chapter 18 “Future Perspectives.” Information on 0 See Chapter 18
Bayer Group targets is also provided in the relevant chapters, indicated by “Bayer Group Target” in the
margin.

1.5 Internal Management System

The economic planning and steering for the business units is carried out within a framework laid down
by the Board of Management that is refined during the strategic planning process. Operational planning
then translates this framework into specific, measurable targets. Continuous monitoring of business
developments complements the planning and management process, and key management and perfor-
mance indicators are regularly updated. This process also involves tracking the implementation of the
strategic objectives and adopting countermeasures in the event of deviations from the budget.

One of the prime objectives of the Bayer Group is to steadily increase enterprise value. We use the
following steering parameters to plan, steer and monitor the development of our business.

The key performance indicators at the strategic level are cash value added (cva), which is a value-based —_[[] See Chapter 14.4
steering parameter, and cash flow return on investment (cFRo1). These indicators support management

in its decision-making, especially in the areas of strategic portfolio optimization and the allocation

of resources for acquisitions and capital expenditures. In fiscal 2015, Bayer achieved a positive cva of

€1,285 million and a CFROI of 9.6%. (See Chapter 14.4 “Value Management” for further details.)

The principal economic steering parameters within the Bayer Group at the operational level are sales See Chapter 14.2
and earnings figures. With regard to earnings, special attention is paid to EBITDA (EBIT plus the amorti-

zation of intangible assets and the depreciation of property, plant and equipment, plus impairment

losses and minus impairment loss reversals, recognized in profit or loss during the reporting period)

before special items. The EBiTpaA margin before special items, which is the ratio of EBITDA before special

items to sales, serves as a relative indicator for the internal and external comparison of operational

earning power. In 2015, EBITDA before special items amounted to €10,266 million, resulting in an EBITDA

margin before special items of 22.2%. (See Chapter 14.2 “Calculation of EB1T(DA) Before Special Items”

for further details.)

The Board of Management and the relevant committees steer the sustainable alignment of the company,
defining responsibilities and framework conditions by way of Group directives, for example. Operations
are steered using defined targets and performance indicators in areas such as innovation, supplier
management, safety, product stewardship and environmental protection. On the basis of a materiality
analysis, Bayer has determined the principal activities in these areas and established the relevant man-
agement systems, committees and working groups, which have been implemented by the subgroups.
The ongoing review and revision of guidelines and regular internal audits ensure that our management
systems are continuously improved and aligned to the specific requirements at any given time.

55


--- Page 9 ---

56

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

1. Bayer at a Glance

1 See Chapter 5 for
more information
about our areas
of activity along
the value chain.

1.6 Value Creation

Bayer creates sustainable value in various ways for its stakeholders at all stages of the value chain
(Graphic 3.1.5) by focusing on innovative products and solutions in its core businesses. Moreover, we
operate production sites throughout the world, invest in research and development, work with interna-
tional and local suppliers and contribute to the economic development of our target markets. As an
employer, we provide jobs in industrialized, emerging and developing economies and create purchas-
ing power through the salaries we pay. We also support public infrastructure through the payment of
taxes and other contributions.

(Graphic 3.1.5]

Distribution
Production and Use
marketing

The value added statement shows Bayer’s direct contribution to public and private incomes and is a
measure of the direct financial value created for stakeholders by its business activities. We define value
added as the company’s total operating performance in the previous fiscal year less the costs of pro-

Value Chain Stages

Research,

development
and innovation

cured and consumed goods and services, depreciation and amortization.

The total operating performance of the Bayer Group in 2015 was €47.8 billion. Value added amounted
to €17.5 billion. Of the value added, €11.2 billion (64%) was distributed to employees, €2.1 billion
(12%) to stockholders, €0.8 billion (4%) to lenders and €1.5 billion (9%) to governments. The remain-
der was allocated to reserves.

Bayer Group Value Added 2015 (Graphic 3.1.6]

€3.3 billion €11.2 billion (64%)
Depreciation, ————— Employees
amortization, po

impairments €2.1 billion (12%)

Stockholders’

€47.8pillion

Total operating
performance”

€27.0 vitlion
Material costs /
Other expenses

* Bayer AG dividend proposal for 2015
2 Total operating performance = sales + other operating income + financial income/equity-method income (loss)

€17.5 billion

€0.8 billion (4%)
Lenders

Value added

€1.5 billion (9%)
Taxes

€1.9 billion (11%)
Reserves / Other



--- Page 10 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Fs Te’
Combined Management Report
1. Bayer at a Glance

1.7 Corporate Environment

Bayer’s business activities are impacted by economic and social conditions. At the same time, the
company contributes to shaping these conditions.

ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

In 2015, the global economy grew at a slightly slower pace than in the previous year. Momentum
decreased in the emerging economies in particular; growth in China declined further but remained
strong while economic output in Russia and Brazil contracted significantly. By contrast, growth in the
European Union accelerated, supported by very low interest rates, an exchange rate favorable to the
eurozone and sinking oil prices. At the same time, the United States continued its robust recovery,
driven above all by private consumption and rising employment.

Economic Environment (Table 3.1.3]
014 5
World 42.7% +2.5%
European Union +1.4% +1.8%
of which Germany +1.6% +1.5%
United States +2.4% +2.4%

Emerging Markets? +4.4% +3.7%

2014 figures restated

+ Real GDP growth, source: IHS Global Insight

? Including about 50 countries defined by Global Insight as Emerging Markets in line with the World Bank
As of February 2016

For more information on the economic environments of our subgroups in 2015, see Chapter 3 “Eco- CD See Chapter 3
nomic Environments of the Subgroups.”

SOCIAL ENVIRONMENT

Our economic activity is closely linked with the social environment. Certain stakeholders have become GRI

increasingly significant to our business operations in recent years. Their expectations affect public 64-25, 64-26, G4-27
acceptance of Bayer and thus our commercial success. They provide important input for the continuing

development of our business processes, risk management and reporting. We therefore take the wide-

ranging requirements of our stakeholders seriously and consider them wherever possible in our

business activities. At the same time, open dialogue with our stakeholders gives us an opportunity to

explain the value of our products and services for society. This is of growing importance for the success

of our business model.


--- Page 11 ---

58

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015
Combined Management Report
2. Strategies of the Segments

GRI
G4-24

Stakeholder Dialogue: Our Most Important Interest Groups (Graphic 3.1.71

Customers Investors
Suppliers Financial Banks
Employees market Rating agencies
Associations participants

Universities /schools

General public

BAYER

Lawmakers
NGOs Social Politicians

Local communities Hence: Regulators Authorities

Competitors

groups

D See Chapter 5

1 See Chapter 1.3
for Bayer Group
strategy

Read more about Bayer’s commitment to its stakeholders in Chapter 5 “Sustainability Management and
Governance.”

2. Strategies of the Segments

PHARMACEUTICALS

At Pharmaceuticals, our largest division in terms of sales, we focus on researching, developing and
marketing innovative medicines with a positive cost-benefit ratio primarily in the therapeutic areas of
cardiology, oncology, gynecology, hematology and ophthalmology. In this way, we are addressing the
growing requirements of patients, physicians, health care payers and regulatory agencies.

As part of the Bayer Group’s reorganization, we have dissolved the Medical Care Division and integrated
the Radiology business unit into our Pharmaceuticals Division.

To achieve our medium-term growth targets, we are continuing to rely on marketing our recently
launched products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Stivarga™, Xofigo™ and Adempas™. We plan to steadily expand
the indications for these medicines through comprehensive study programs — some of them in collabo-
ration with other pharmaceutical companies — and thus make them available to further patient groups.


--- Page 12 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 wa

Combined Management Report
2. Strategies of the Segments

To safeguard long-term growth, we will further increase our investment in research and development.
Besides expanding early research, we are concentrating on the clinical development of active drug
substance candidates in the therapeutic areas of cardiology, oncology, hematology and gynecology. In
addition, we are selectively expanding and supplementing our development portfolio through licensing
agreements and acquisitions.

To improve access to our products in developing and emerging countries (Access to Medicine), we 6 www.bayer.com/atm
augment our philanthropic activities (see Chapter 11 for more information) with economically feasible
concepts.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-2-1:

As an innovation company, we aim to address current challenges in order to improve people’s quality
of life in the areas of disease prevention and therapy. Within the scope of our entrepreneurial possi-
bilities in a dynamic market environment, we seek to make a responsible contribution for the benefit
of society. Through our Access to Medicine (ATM) activities, we aim to enable access to our products
for certain patients, aligning these efforts to our company’s expertise and our specific product port-
folio. Here we distinguish between not-for-profit and economically feasible activities. The former in-
clude our efforts in respect of neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). In this connection, we provide the
wuo0 free of charge with two of our active ingredients to treat African sleeping sickness and Chagas

disease. Other activities in this area are our education programs and the development of products to
treat NTDs.

Our family planning programs are economically feasible and facilitate improved access to hormonal
contraceptives for women in developing countries. These programs, which are anchored in our busi-
ness strategy, provide international development partners with our products at preferential prices.

In some countries, where sections of the population have no access to innovative medicines via
health care systems, we have established patient assistance programs for selected products. These
aim particularly to provide access to oncology and cardiovascular products and products to treat
chronic diseases such as multiple sclerosis and hemophilia. Such programs exist in, for example, the
United States and China as well as a number of countries in South and Southeast Asia and South-
eastern Europe.

CONSUMER HEALTH

As part of the Bayer Group’s reorganization, the Consumer Care Division will be renamed Consumer
Health. The strategy of the new Consumer Health Division is aimed at building on our strong position in
the market for over-the-counter (orc) products, nutritional supplements and other self-care products in
selected consumer health categories.

We aim to strengthen our established brands, such as Aspirin™, Aleve™, Bepanthen™, Berocca™,
Canesten™, Claritin™, Coppertone™, Dr. Scholl’s™, Elevit™, MiraLAX™ and Supradyn™, by driving
organic growth through product innovation and geographical expansion. We are also seeking to expand
our position in important markets such as the United States, Brazil, Russia and China.

Alongside the ongoing integration of the consumer care businesses acquired in 2014 from Merck & Co.,
Inc., United States, and Dihon Pharmaceutical Group Co. Ltd., China, we continue to pursue external
growth opportunities arising from the progressive global consolidation of the orc industry. In this way,
we aim to further expand in selected categories and markets where it makes strategic sense to do so
and can contribute to increasing Bayer’s enterprise value.

59


--- Page 13 ---

ET Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
2. Strategies of the Segments

CROP SCIENCE
We are aligning our Crop Science business to the long-term trends of the agricultural markets, from
which we have derived three focuses for our strategy:

+ Improvement in agricultural sustainability — in other words the most responsible possible deploy-
ment of our resources

+ Increase in agricultural productivity through innovation — in other words higher crop yields and
quality

+ Full leveraging of digitization opportunities to help farmers make the right decisions and to make
product applications even safer

Our aim is to help shape the future of the agricultural industry with innovative offerings that increase its
productivity, thus generating profitable and sustainable growth for Crop Science and our customers and
enabling the production of sufficient food, animal feed and renewable raw materials for a growing world
population despite the limited amount of available arable land. Crop Science’s strategy is built on four
key elements:

+ Enhancing the Crop Protection and Environmental Science portfolio
+ Expanding the Seeds business

+ Increasing customer centricity along the entire value chain

+ Leading the way in innovation

We aim to enhance our Crop Protection and Environmental Science portfolios by adding new and im-
proved products, concentrating on core brands and offering integrated solutions in major crops. Sup-
port for this endeavor is provided by our innovative technology platform for both chemical and biologi-
cal crop protection. We are continuously investing in the expansion of our production capacities to meet
rising demand for our products.

We continue to work on the expansion of our Seeds business. We plan to further strengthen our posi-
tions in our established crops — cotton, oilseed rape/canola, rice and vegetables — and to establish com-
petitive positions in soybeans and wheat. We intend to gain long-term access to high-quality breeding
material through acquisitions, in-licensing and partnerships and to steadily expand our existing breed-
ing expertise.

Another major part of our strategy is to strengthen customer centricity along the entire value chain and
continuously optimize distribution. We are steadily expanding our successful food chain partnerships.
In these projects, Crop Science works with all participants in the food chain to safeguard and increase
yields, and to improve the quality of harvested produce. With the Bayer Forward Farming initiative,
Crop Science cooperates with farmers to demonstrate innovative crop solutions and services for sus-
tainable agriculture to interested stakeholders. Crop Science will also increasingly concentrate on de-
veloping solutions especially tailored to help smallholder farmers increase their profitability while en-
suring environmentally friendly cultivation, thus lastingly improving their standard of living.

To lead the way in innovation and develop holistic solutions, we aim to build on our expertise in the
integration of seed technology with chemical and biological crop protection and to support our custom-
ers with new and improved solutions. New areas of innovation, such as digitization in agriculture, ac-
count for another major part of this. We intend to support this development in the future by making use
of proprietary digital platforms and data models that can enable us to give farmers special agronomic
recommendations. The aim here is to make agriculture more sustainable.


--- Page 14 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
2. Strategies of the Segments

ANIMAL HEALTH

Our Animal Health business aims to strengthen its position in the already heavily consolidated market
for veterinary medicines. Here we rely on organic growth through the expansion of our R&D activities
and the increased use of our existing distribution channels, particularly specialist retail chains. We also
intend to strengthen our position with targeted in-licensing and acquisitions.

COVESTRO

As a global supplier of high-tech polymer materials and application solutions for many areas of modern _Covestro

life, Covestro aims to generate profitable growth in the long term. Over the coming five years, the com- helps to address
pany aims to build on its leading positions in its industry sectors and participate in the growth that global challenges
experts are predicting for its customer industries. Covestro supplies key industry sectors worldwide

such as the automotive, construction and electronics industries. It develops and manufactures compo-

nents for polyurethane foams, the high-tech plastic polycarbonate and raw materials for coatings, adhe-

sives and sealants, as well as specialty products such as films and elastomers.

Growth impetus is expected to come from macro trends such as climate change, the diminishing availa-
bility of fossil resources, the expanding global population, urbanization and increasing mobility.
Through its products, Covestro aims to help master these challenges in line with its vision “To make the
world a brighter place.” In keeping with this, the company’s activities are embedded in a comprehen-
sive sustainability strategy.

Covestro’s large-scale facilities around the world have been extended and are capable of serving the
anticipated growth in demand. Therefore, the company does not predict any greater need for expansion
in the foreseeable future.

At the same time, Covestro intends to further optimize its network of sites and its cost structures. To this
end, the company has initiated a structured profitability program.

Covestro is focusing on continuous product and process innovation as a means of safeguarding and
building its competitive position in the global marketplace. Research and development is steered by
targets aligned to the needs of the company’s customer industries.

The Polyurethanes (PuR) business unit intends to further expand its strong position as an integrated
raw material and systems supplier, mainly for rigid and flexible foams. While flexible foam ensures
added comfort in everyday life through its use in products such as mattresses and upholstery, rigid foam
serves above all as an insulating material for buildings and refrigerated appliances, and thus helps to
lower energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.

In the automotive, electronics and construction sectors, in particular, rising demand is anticipated for
polycarbonate, an engineering thermoplastic characterized by positive properties such as low weight,
transparency, stability and design flexibility. The Polycarbonates (Pcs) business unit aims to further
strengthen its technological leadership and is focusing on, for example, polycarbonate-based composite
materials as a low-cost substitute for solutions based on glass and metal.

The Coatings, Adhesives, Specialties (cas) business unit develops and manufactures mainly polyure-
thane-based raw materials primarily for coatings and adhesives. The main areas of application are au-
tomotive and transportation, infrastructure and construction, wood processing and furniture. The busi-
ness unit aims to secure and build its position in its core business and to achieve accelerated growth in
specialties.

61


--- Page 15 ---

62

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

3. Economic Environments of the Subgroups

D See Chapter 1.7
for corporate
environment

3. Economic Environments of the Subgroups

The economic environments in which the subgroups operated are outlined below.

Economic Environments of the Subgroups Table 3.3.11
1014 2015

HealthCare

Pharmaceuticals market +9% +9%

Consumer care market +4% +5%

Medical care market” -1% +1%

Animal health market +5% +5%

CropScience

Seed and crop protection market +7% <0%
Covestro

(main customer industries)

Automotive +3% +2%
Construction +3% +2%
Electrical/electronics +4% +3%
Furniture +4% +4%

2014 figures restated

* Bayer's estimate, except pharmaceuticals. Source for pharmaceuticals market: IMS Health., IMS Market Prognosis.
Copyright 2015. All rights reserved, currency-adjusted

2 Excluding the diabetes care market

As of February 2015

HEALTHCARE

Growth in the pharmaceuticals market in 2015 was flat with the prior year. In the United States in
particular, new products especially continued to drive ongoing growth. In Japan and Europe, growth
rates increased slightly, whereas demand in the emerging markets was unchanged against the previous
year.

The global consumer care market saw somewhat stronger growth than a year earlier. In the medical
care category, slight growth was seen in the market for contrast agents and medical equipment. The
animal health market expanded at the same rate as in the prior year.

CROPSCIENCE
Overall, the global seed and crop protection market receded in 2015. While the demand for high-value
seeds remained at the previous year’s level, worldwide crop protection sales declined.

Market volumes decreased in Latin America, particularly in Argentina and Brazil, primarily as a result of
political uncertainties, macroeconomic developments and lower pest pressure. The market also declined
in North America, mainly due to a reduction in corn and cotton acreages and because of lower overall
price levels for agricultural commodities than in the previous year. Positive growth impetus for the seed
and crop protection market in 2015 came from the Asia/Pacific and Europe regions. Growth rates in the
Mediterranean area were above average.

COVESTRO

Growth in the principal customer industries for Covestro (automotive, construction, electrical/electron-
ics and furniture) in 2015 was slightly weaker than in the previous year. One of the main reasons for this
was slower demand in China and other emerging economies, which could not be compensated by posi-
tive stimuli such as the expansionary monetary policy of the industrialized countries and the lower oil
price.


--- Page 16 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

4. Research, Development, Innovation

Scientifically founded innovations and the skills of our employees form the basis for our success as a
company. To drive innovation in the future as well, we continuously develop new molecules, technolo-
gies and business models in the research-intensive fields of medicine and modern agriculture, invest in
research and development projects and expand our activities through targeted acquisitions and collabo-
rations with external partners (open innovation). We plan to invest around €4.5 billion in research and
development in 2016 alone. We also promote our culture of innovation in all areas of the company to
face the challenges of our time and safeguard profitable growth for our company.

Bayer maintains a global network of research and development locations in which 14,673 researchers
around the world focus on improving the health of people, animals and plants. The focuses of the re-
search projects are determined by the rsp strategies of the subgroups. On this basis, projects are set up
that are managed in the development pipeline through defined processes and targets. The budgets
requested for this purpose are checked annually and allocated per area. In 2015, we raised our research
and development spend by 15.9% (Fx adj.) to €4,281 million. Adjusted for special items of €67 million
(2014: €2 million), this represented a 14.1% increase (Fx adj.) and was equivalent to 9.1% of sales. The
following table shows the development of rsp key data in the individual segments:

Research and Development Expenses Full Year 2015 (Table 3.4.1]

Research and
development
expenses before

Research and
development

RED expenses

Share of RED before

‘expenses special items expenses _special items/sales R&D employees
O14
Emilion € million € million _€ million % % % % FTE FTE
HealthCare 2,264 2,834 2,260 2,768 64.0 66.2 118 12.1 7,968 8,594
Pharmaceuticals ‘1,878 2,333. —1,876 2,285 53.1 54.5 15.6 166 7,066 7,741
Consumer
Health 386 501 384 483 10.9 Wd 55 53 902 853
CropScience 974 1,089 974 1,089 275 25.4 10.3 105 5,004 5,073
Covestro 210 262 213 261 5.9 64 18 2.2 923 1,005
Group’ 3,537 4,281 3,535 4,214 : : 8.6 9.1 13,900 14,673

2014 figures restated
Sum of the segments plus reconciliation

We augment our own research capacities through collaborations and strategic alliances with industrial
and academic research partners around the world. These include leading universities, public research
institutes, partner and start-up companies, and science and innovation centers established by Bayer to
give young companies access to features such as suitable laboratory and office infrastructure in the
direct vicinity of Bayer’s own research facilities. These are supplemented by our crowdsourcing plat-
forms through which researchers around the world can offer their expertise for collaboration with
Bayer. With the newly established strategic innovation unit, the Bayer LifeScience Center (BLSC), we
additionally want to drive the development of decisive interspecies research with the aid of a network of
external partnerships. On the initiative of BLsc we signed an agreement at the end of 2015 with the
biotech company crisPR Therapeutics AG based in Basel, Switzerland, with the goal of discovering,
developing and marketing new treatment methods for blood disorders, blindness and heart disease
based on the crispr-Cas9 technology for gene editing.

We also invest in venture capital funds that finance promising Life Science start-up companies, among
other projects. In this way we support the development of new therapies in areas with a high unmet
medical need and drive innovation in the Life Sciences.

Group target 2015:
increase in RED
investment to over
€4 billion

1) See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

1 More information
on this can be
found in the
sections for the
individual
subgroups.

63


--- Page 17 ---

64

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

GRI
G4-26

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4-1

Scientists from our company are involved in constant dialogue with renowned research institutes and
support partnership projects in the public and private sectors. Of these, more than 50 projects
worldwide were supported in 2015 by public funding worth around €5 million. This is equivalent to
roughly 0.1% of our annual R&D expenses.

We also participate in industry associations, hold professorships at universities worldwide and regu-
larly invite scientists, university students and schoolchildren to attend events such as symposiums on
health topics or research days for school students. We view this as an investment in the future, be-
cause as a research-based company, we rely on the availability of talented and highly trained people
and on society’s acceptance of technology.

We promote our innovation capability not just by increasing our research and development budget and
expanding external collaborations, but also by strengthening our internal innovation culture, which

promotes fascination, creativity, willingness to experiment, customer centricity and cooperation among
all disciplines. In this connection, we have launched a number of programs and initiatives in recent

years to honor the achievements of our scientists and provide them with suitable platforms and projects
for scientific discourse and cross-subgroup cooperation in scientific matters, as well as to give employ-
ees throughout all organizational units the opportunity to help jointly generate ideas or solve problems.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4-2
The following table lists the most important programs/initiatives for strengthening the innovation cul-
ture at Bayer:

Programs/Initiatives for Strengthening Bayer’s Innovation Culture [Table 3.4.1-1]
Program Objective Approach
Life Sciences Fund Strengthen Since 2012, supports scientists at HealthCare and
interdisciplinary research CropScience involved in interdisciplinary projects aimed at
in the Life Sciences achieving a better understanding of diseases, identifying

mechanisms of action, individualizing therapies or
explaining resistance mechanisms

Expert Career Strengthen recognition Initiative by the Board member responsible for Innovation
for scientific success aimed at fostering the cross-company scientific exchange
between leading experts in research and development
Otto Bayer Medals ‘Awards for scientific Research prize for outstanding development work that is
success awarded biennially to teams of Bayer scientists
Hype Collaborative definition _Intranet-based platform for the collaborative generation of
of ideas in information ideas by our employees; the most promising ideas are
technology allocated an initial budget which is used by an
interdisciplinary team to elaborate the concept within just a
few weeks.
WeSolve Collaborative problem- Current problems in research and development, marketing
solving and production are publicized via the internal WeSolve

platform for discussion by employees from all subgroups and
service companies; the best solutions are then identified.

Bayer Ideas Pool Promotion of innovative Application and honoring of employee suggestions for the
employee suggestion ideas from the working improvement of processes, occupational safety and health
program and Ideas Forum environment protection. In total, 5,446 ideas were submitted in 2015.

Around 46% of the suggestions for improvement evaluated
in 2015 were implemented. In the first year of
implementation alone, more than €9 million was saved
through those improvements that allowed calculation. In
2015, Bayer distributed bonuses of around €2 million to
employees for the implemented proposals.



--- Page 18 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

Globally reliable protection of intellectual property rights is essential for an innovation company like
Bayer. The Bayer Group endeavors to obtain patent protection for its products and technologies in the
major markets. The degree of protection a patent provides varies from one country to another and de-
pends on the type and scope of the patent claim and the options available for enforcing our rights. At
the end of 2015, we owned approximately 66,700 valid patent applications and patents worldwide relat-
ing to some 7,200 protected inventions.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4-3

Patent terms vary according to the laws of the country granting the patent. In view of the high in- 6 www. bayer.com/
vestment required for product research and development, the European Union member states, the political-position-ip
United States, Japan and some other countries extend patent terms or issue supplementary protec-

tion certificates to compensate for the shortening of the effective patent protection period due to

regulatory approval processes for new drugs. We endeavor to obtain such extensions wherever pos-

sible.

The term of a patent is normally 20 years. Since it takes an average of 12 years to develop a new
medicine, for example, only eight years of patent protection generally remain following the product's
approval. In most cases it would be impossible to cover the substantial costs incurred in the research
and development of innovative medicines or of new indications or dosage forms for existing drugs
without patent protection. We are therefore committed to protecting both the international patent
system and our own intellectual property worldwide. Further details are given in the political posi-
tions posted on our website.

4.1 HealthCare

PHARMACEUTICALS

Research areas and sites

Drug discovery in the Pharmaceuticals segment focuses on indications with high medical need in the
areas of cardiology, oncology, ophthalmology, hematology and gynecology. We conduct research and
development activities at several locations, the most important of which are as follows:

Research and Development Sites (Table 3.4.2]
Site Country Focus

Berlin Germany R&D in oncology, gynecology and non-indication-specific areas
Wuppertal Germany RED in cardiology, ophthalmology and non-indication-specific areas
Mission Bay, San Francisco U.S.A. Research in the areas of hematology and biologicals

Berkeley USA. Development in the areas of hematology and biologicals

Turku Finland Development of hormone-releasing intrauterine devices and implants

for contraception

Oslo Norway Research on thorium conjugates for the treatment of cancer

Cooperation

We augment our own research capacities through collaborations and strategic alliances with external
industrial and academic research partners. In this way we gain access to complementary technologies
and external innovation potential. A number of examples are listed in the table on the following pages:


--- Page 19 ---

ET
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Pharmaceuticals Cooperation Partners [Table 3.4.3]

Partner

Cooperation objective

Cardiology

Broad Institute

Strategic partnership in the field of genome and drug research in cardiology
aimed at using findings from human genetics to develop new cardiovascular
therapies

lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Development of an antisense molecule for the prevention of thrombosis

Janssen Research & Development,
LLC of Johnson & Johnson

Development of Xarelto™ (rivaroxaban)

Ludwig Boltzmann Institute

Research into lung vascular disease, especially pulmonary hypertension

Merck & Co., Inc.

Development collaboration in the field of soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC)
modulation

Oncology

‘Amgen Research GmbH

Access to BITE™ antibodies for developing novel tumor therapies

Ardea Biosciences Inc. of Astra Zeneca

Codevelopment of oncology products based on MEK
(mitogen-activated ERK kinase) inhibitors

Broad Institute

Strategic partnership in oncology to discover and develop active substances
that specifically target tumor-specific gene mutations

Compugen Ltd.

Collaboration for the research and development of new immunotherapy
approaches in oncology

German Cancer Research Center

Strategic partnership for the research and development of new therapeutic
options in oncology, especially in immunotherapy

Dyax Corp.

Access to antibody library with the option to in-license antibodies for the
development and commercialization of novel tumor therapies

ImmunoGen Inc.

Development of antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for novel tumor therapies

OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc."

Discovery and development of novel therapeutics relating to cancer stem cells

Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Amgen Inc.

Codevelopment of Nexavar™ (sorafenib) for various types of cancer

Orion Corporation

Development of ODM-201 for the treatment of patients with prostate cancer

Qiagen Manchester Ltd.

Development of diagnostic tests in personalized oncology treatment

Seattle Genetics Inc.

‘Access to technology for antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for novel tumor
therapies

Sprint Bioscience

Research and development of oncological drug candidates

Ophthalmology

Inception 4, Inc.

Research into new approaches for the treatment of various eye diseases

Johns Hopkins University

Research and development of innovative drug products to treat serious back-
of-the-eye diseases

Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Development of Eylea™ (aflibercept) to treat various eye diseases
Development of a PDGFR-beta antibody for ophthalmology

Hemophilia

Dimension Therapeutics, Inc.

Development of a novel gene therapy for hemophilia A

Gynecology

Evotec AG

Research collaboration to identify and validate development candidates in
endometriosis

University of Oxford

Strategic research alliance for the development of novel gynecological
therapies

Infectious diseases

Merck & Co., Inc.

Codevelopment of tedizolid to treat various infections

Novartis AG

Development of a targeted antibiotic inhalation therapy for lung infections
(ciprofloxacin DPI)

Nektar Therapeutics

Codevelopment of a targeted antibiotic inhalation therapy for lung infections
(amikacin inhale)

General

Biolnvent International AB

Access to antibody library with in-licensing of antibodies

Peking University

Research cooperation and establishment of a research center for joint projects

Tsinghua University

Research cooperation and establishment of a research center for joint projects

* Bayer is not active in the area of human embryonic stem cell research.


--- Page 20 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

We also operate our own science and innovation centers. We coordinate primarily our research partner-
ships in Asia through our science hubs in Beijing, China; Singapore; and Osaka, Japan. In Berlin, Ger-
many, and San Francisco, California, United States, we operate the “CoLaborator™,” an incubator model
for young life science companies. The objective of the global CoLaborator™ concept is to offer these
companies suitable laboratory and office infrastructure in the direct vicinity of Bayer’s own research
facilities. In the area of crowdsourcing, we are very successfully continuing our “Grants4Targets™”
program. We supplemented “Grants4Leads'

YourAntibodies™,” a program that focuses on the evaluation of biological actives. Furthermore, the

™ ” which concentrates on small molecules, with “Partner-
“Grants4Apps™ Accelerator Program” offers mentoring to start-up companies that can offer innovative
solutions relevant to health care and therapy. In the area of venture capital, we are active with the
“High-Tech Griinderfonds” and Versant Ventures.

Clinical trials

Clinical trials account for a major portion of the development process for medicines. They are an essen-
tial tool for determining the efficacy and compatibility of new developmental products before they can
be used to treat diseases. The benefits and potential risks of new medicines must always be scientifical-
ly proven and well documented. All studies at Bayer satisfy strict international guidelines and quality
standards, as well as the respective applicable national laws and standards.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4.1-1

Bayer publishes information about clinical trials in line with the respective applicable national laws
and according to the principles of the European (eFp1a) and North American (PhRMA) pharmaceuti-
cal associations, these principles being defined in a joint position paper.

HealthCare publishes information on its own clinical trials both in the publicly accessible register
www.ClinicalTrials.gov and in its own “Trial Finder” database. In the case of approved products,
summarized results of Phase u, 11 and 1v clinical trials are accessible online through the “Trial
Finder.” Upon request, scientists can receive access to anonymized data at the patient level via the
portal www.clinicalstudydatarequest.com.

Further information on our globally uniform standards, the monitoring of studies and the role of the 6 www.bayer.com/
ethics committees can be found on the internet. ethics-in-rnd

Activities in 2015

In line with our targets for 2015 we transferred 12 new molecular entities from our research pipeline Group target 2015
HealthCare —
transition of more than

into preclinical development in the reporting year. We define a new molecular entity (NME) as a new

chemical or biological substance that has not been in development to date. In preclinical trials these
10 new molecular

entities (NMEs) into
linked “first-in-man” studies. In 2015, we conducted clinical trials with several drug candidates from our development

substances are examined further in various models with respect to their suitability for clinical trials and

research and development pipeline. We strengthened products that were already on the market through
life cycle management activities to improve their application and/or expand their spectrum of indica-

(1 More details on
tions.

our drug candidates
can be found in
Table 3.4.6

67


--- Page 21 ---

oT Bayer Annual Report 2015
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

We are investigating some of our development candidates with respect to their potential for the treat-
ment of rare diseases, also known as orphan diseases. In February 2015, copanlisib received orphan
drug designation from the u.s. Food and Drug Administration (Fp) for the treatment of follicular lym-
phoma, a histological subtype of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.

The following tables show our most important drug candidates currently in Phase 11 or 111 of clinical

testing:

Research and Development Projects (Phase I!) Table 3.4.41
Phase II projects Indication

Anetumab ravtansine (mesothelin ADC) Cancer

BAY 1067197 Heart failure

{partial adenosine A1 agonist)

BAY 1007626 (progestin IUS) Contraception

BAY 1142524 (chymase inhibitor) Heart failure

BAY 2306001 (IONIS-FXIRx) Prevention of thrombosis?

BAY 98-7196 + anastrozole Endometriosis

(intravaginal ring)

Copanlisib (PI3K inhibitor) Recurrent/resistant non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)
Molidustat (HIF-PH inhibitor) Renal anemia

PDGFR-beta + aflibercept Wet age-related macular degeneration*
Radium-223 dichloride Bone metastases in breast cancer

Radium-223 dichloride Cancer, various studies

Refametinib (MEK inhibitor) Cancer

Regorafenib Cancer

Riociguat Pulmonary hypertension (IIP)

Riociguat Diffuse systemic sclerosis

Riociguat Cystic fibrosis

Rivaroxaban Secondary prevention of acute coronary syndrome (ACS)*
Roniciclib (CDK inhibitor) Small-cell lung cancer (SCLC)

Vericiguat Chronic heart failure

(BAY 1021189, sGC stimulator)

Vilaprisan (S-PRM) Symptomatic uterine fibroids

Vilaprisan (S-PRM) Endometriosis

As of January 27, 2016
? Sponsored by lonis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

3 Sponsored by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

4 Sponsored by Janssen Research & Development, LLC

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project goals. It is possible
that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and / or commercial reasons and will not result in
commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite Food and Drug Administration (FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other
regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds.


--- Page 22 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 es as

Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

Research and Development Projects (Phase III) [Table 3.4.5]

Phase III projects Indication

Amikacin Inhale Pulmonary infection

BAY 1841788 (ODM-201, AR antagonist) Prostate cancer

Damoctocog alfa pegol Hemophilia A

(BAY 94-9027, long-acting rFVIII)

Ciprofloxacin DPI Pulmonary infection

Copanlisib (PI3K inhibitor) Various forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)

Finerenone (MR antagonist) Chronic heart failure

Finerenone (MR antagonist) Diabetic kidney disease

Radium-223 dichloride Combination treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer

Regorafenib Refractory liver cancer

Riociguat Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) in patients who do not sufficiently
respond to PDE-Si/ERA

Rivaroxaban Prevention of major adverse cardiac events (MACE)

Rivaroxaban Anticoagulation in patients with chronic heart failure?

Rivaroxaban Long-term prevention of venous thromboembolism

Rivaroxaban Prevention of venous thromboembolism in high-risk patients after discharge
from hospital*

Rivaroxaban Embolic stroke of undetermined source (ESUS)

Rivaroxaban Peripheral artery disease (PAD)

Tedizolid Pulmonary infection

As of January 27, 2016

2 Sponsored by Janssen Research & Development, LLC

The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project goals. It is possible
that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and/or commercial reasons and will not result in
commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite Food and Drug Administration (FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other
regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds.

We regularly evaluate our research and development pipeline in order to prioritize the most promising
pharmaceutical projects.

Following the completion of the required studies with a number of these drug candidates, we submitted
applications to one or more regulatory agencies for approvals or approval expansions.

The most important drug candidates in the approval process are:

Products Submitted for Approval? (Table 3.4.6]
Indication

Bay 81-8973 (rFVIII) E.U., U.S.A, Japan; treatment of hemophilia A

LCS-16 (ULD LNG Contraceptive System) E.U., U.S.A; contraception

Radium-223 dichloride Japan; treatment of prostate cancer patients with bone metastases

Rivaroxaban? U.S.A; secondary prophylaxis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS)

"As of February 4, 2016
2 Submitted by Janssen Research & Development, LLC


--- Page 23 ---

ET Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

In 2015, we achieved further progress in various therapeutic areas:

Cardiology

Xarelto™ (active ingredient: rivaroxaban) has been approved for more indications in the area of venous
and arterial thromboembolism than any of the other non-vitamin-K-dependent oral anticoagulants.
Xarelto™ is approved in more than 130 countries worldwide across all indications, its approval status
varying from country to country. Xarelto™ is marketed in the United States by Janssen Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a subsidiary of Johnson s Johnson.

In May 2015, Xarelto™ was approved by the China Food and Drug Administration (cFpa) for the preven-
tion of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and for the treatment
of deep vein thrombosis (pvt). The approval also includes the use of Xarelto™ to reduce the risk of
recurrent pvt and pulmonary embolism following acute pvr. In September 2015, Xarelto™ was ap-
proved by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) for the treatment and secondary
prevention of pulmonary thromboembolism and deep vein thrombosis.

In addition to the already approved indications, the use of rivaroxaban is also being investigated in
other cardiovascular diseases such as prevention of major adverse cardiac events, embolic stroke of
undetermined source or peripheral artery disease.

Rivaroxaban was invented by Bayer and is being jointly developed with Janssen Research s Develop-
ment, LLC, United States, a subsidiary of Johnson s Johnson.

Adempas™ (active ingredient: riociguat) is the first member of a new class of vasodilation agents
known as soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) modulators. Administered in tablet form, riociguat is current-
ly being investigated as an innovative, specific approach for the treatment of various forms of pulmo-
nary hypertension.

Adempas™ is approved in the United States and Europe for the treatment of particular forms of chronic
thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (cTEPH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). In Japan,
Bayer was granted marketing authorization for crEPH in 2014 and for PAH in February 2015.

The trial program for riociguat also includes studies outside of the pulmonary hypertension indication.
For example, riociguat is also in Phase u testing for the treatment of patients with diffuse systemic
sclerosis.

Another representative of the sGC modulator class is vericiguat, currently in Phase IIb clinical testing to
treat chronic heart failure.

The development and commercialization of sGC modulators is part of our strategic collaboration with
Merck s Co., Inc., United States.

The active ingredient finerenone (BAY 94-8862) is a novel oral nonsteroidal mineralcorticoid receptor
antagonist (Mra) that is currently in Phase 11 clinical development. In September 2015, two Phase 11
trials were initiated to investigate the efficacy and safety of finerenone in patients with diabetic kidney
disease. Another Phase 11 trial is being prepared in the indication chronic heart failure.

The development candidate molidustat is being investigated for the treatment of patients with anemia
accompanied by chronic kidney disease and/or end-stage kidney failure.


--- Page 24 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

In March 2015, we expanded our partnership with the Broad Institute at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (mit) and Harvard University, United States, to include collaboration on cardiovascular
genomics and drug discovery.

In April 2015, furthermore, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., United States, pertaining to 1on1s-FXIRx (BAY 2306001), an antisense drug in clinical development
for the prevention of thrombosis. Under the agreement, Bayer will further develop and commercialize
BAY 2306001 in areas of high medical need. Antisense drugs bind to the mRNA molecules in the cell in
a targeted way and inhibit the production of proteins that may become significant in the course of a
disease. The novel mechanism of inhibiting Factor x1 synthesis may offer an additional treatment option
for patients for whom none is currently available.

Oncology

Stivarga™ (active ingredient: regorafenib) is an oral multikinase inhibitor. It inhibits various signal
pathways that are responsible for tumor growth. Stivarga™ is approved in the United States, Europe,
Japan and other countries for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and
gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).

In March 2015, we suspended enrollment in a Phase 11 trial with regorafenib due to insufficient patient
recruitment at that time. The trial is investigating regorafenib as an adjuvant treatment option for pa-

tients with colorectal cancer following resection of liver metastases with curative intent. The results of a
further Phase 11 trial with regorafenib as a second-line treatment for liver cancer are expected in 2016.

Stivarga™ was developed by Bayer. In 2011, Bayer and Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of
Amgen Inc., United States, agreed that Onyx would receive royalties on global sales of Stivarga™ in the
area of cancer treatment.

Xofigo™ (active ingredient: radium-223 dichloride) is approved in the E.u. and the United States for the
treatment of adult patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer (cRPC) with symptomatic bone me-
tastases but no known visceral metastases. In April 2015, we submitted an application to the Japanese
health authority MHLW for marketing authorization for radium-223 dichloride for the treatment of pros-
tate carcinoma with bone metastases. The active ingredient is being investigated in additional trials in
prostate cancer and in Phase 11 trials involving breast cancer patients.

The active ingredient copanlisib is a novel, intravenous phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (P13k) inhibitor. In
2015, we expanded our global clinical development program. A new Phase 11 and two Phase u1 trials are
designed to investigate the safety and efficacy of copanlisib in patients with recurring indolent non-
Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) and diffuse large B-cell lymphomas (DLBCL), an aggressive subtype of NHL.

Another active ingredient, BAY-1841788 (ODM-201), is being jointly developed with Orion Corporation,
Espoo, Finland. This novel oral androgen receptor inhibitor is in Phase 11 clinical development for the
treatment of patients with prostate cancer.

In July 2015, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Sprint Bioscience aB, Sweden,
for the research, development and commercialization of oncological drug candidates. Under the agree-
ment, we will receive the license for a research program currently undergoing preclinical development

that is geared toward the inhibition of tumor cell metabolism.

71


--- Page 25 ---

72

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

Ophthalmology

Eylea™ (active ingredient: aflibercept) is our joint development project with Regeneron Pharmaceuti-

cals, Inc., United States. Aflibercept blocks the natural growth factor vecr (vascular endothelial growth
factor), thus preventing the abnormal formation of new blood vessels that tend to leak fluid. The medi-
cation is administered directly into the eye. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States, holds ex-

clusive rights to the product in the United States, while in other countries it is marketed by Bayer.

Eylea™ is approved for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration (amp), visual impairment
due to macular edema secondary to central retinal vein occlusion (crvo) and diabetic macular edema
(DME). In Japan, Eylea™ is additionally approved for the treatment of myopic choroidal neovasculariza-
tion (mCNV).

In February 2015, the European Commission extended marketing authorization for Eylea™ to include
the treatment of patients with visual impairment due to macular edema secondary to branch retinal vein
occlusion (BRVO). Eylea™ therefore can be used in Europe by all patients with visual impairment due to
macular edema resulting from retinal vein occlusion (Rvo). In June 2015, the product was approved in
this indication in Japan. In October 2015, Eylea™ was approved by the European Commission for the
treatment of myopic choroidal neovascularization (mCNV).

A Phase Ila clinical study with regorafenib eye drops did not show the desired results and the project is
therefore being discontinued. The study investigated the use of regorafenib for the treatment of wet
age-related macular degeneration (AMD).

In June 2015, we entered into a strategic research alliance with Johns Hopkins University, United States,
concerning the discovery and development of innovative drugs for the treatment of serious back-of-the-
eye diseases that affect many people worldwide. The five-year collaboration will aim to develop new
ophthalmic therapies for various retinal diseases.

Hematology

In June 2015, we submitted an application to the Japanese MHLW for marketing authorization for the
recombinant Factor vill compound Bay 81-8973 for the treatment of hemophilia A. The approval pro-
cess has been under way in the United States and Europe since the end of 2014. In December 2015,
the European Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (cHMP) recommended approval. Bay
81-8973 is a further development of recombinant Factor vii (rF VIII) which has demonstrated clinical
evidence of efficacy when used for prophylaxis twice or three times per week, with standard dosages.

Damoctocog alfa pegol (BAY 94-9027) is a long-acting recombinant Factor vil that is currently in Phase
m1 clinical development.

Gynecology

Vilaprisan (sPRM) is a novel oral progesterone receptor modulator that is currently being investigated in
Phase 11 trials for the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis. In June 2015, an additional Phase
1 trial began that is investigating the efficacy of vilaprisan compared with its major competitor product.

In November 2015, we filed for marketing authorization for the new intrauterine system (1US) Lcs-16 in
the European Union and the United States. This low-dose, levonorgestrel-releasing product enables
contraception for a period of up to five years.


--- Page 26 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 TT
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

CONSUMER HEALTH
Research and development at Consumer Health is performed essentially at the following sites:

Research and Development Sites (Table 3.4.7]

Site Country Focus

Consumer Care

Morristown USA, Allergy, analgesic, cough & cold and dermatological products

Memphis USA. Suncare, footcare and dermatological products; consumer research
testing center

Gaillard France Nutritional supplements, dermatological and gastrointestinal
products

Darmstadt Germany Herbal medicines

Chengdu China Over-the-counter (OTC) products and herb-based traditional

Chinese medicines (TCM)

Medical Care (Radiology)

Pittsburgh U.S.A. Medical devices, sterile disposables, informatics

Berlin Germany Contrast agents

Animal Health

Monheim Germany Antiparasiticides, anti-infectives and pharmaceuticals
Shawnee USA, Antiparasiticides, anti-infectives and pharmaceuticals
Auckland New Zealand Dairy cattle health

Sao Paulo Brazil Antiparasiticides

In Consumer Care, research and development activities focus on the development of nonprescription
(over-the-counter = orc) medications as well as skin and foot care products, sunscreens, dietary sup-
plements and other self-medication products. Placing the consumer at the center of everything we do,
our development strategies are geared toward expanding and improving our brand portfolio. We want
to achieve this through new product developments, forms, formulations, claims, pack designs and other
innovations. We introduced a number of new product line extensions to various markets in 2015. They
included new delivery forms and uses and innovations for existing brands such as Aspirin™, Elevit™,
Berocca™, Canesten™, Bepanthen™/Bepanthol™ and Coppertone™. We also actively pursue the reclas-
sification of current prescription medicines as otc products.

The goal of our research and development activities in Medical Care is steadily to improve our contrast
agents and our contrast injection systems in order to build on our leadership position in the field of
radiology.

In March 2015, we received approval in Japan for Gadovist™ (active ingredient: gadobutrol) injection for
use with resonance imaging (mri). Gadovist™ is the first high concentration/high relaxivity gadolinium-
based contrast agent to be made available in Japan. In July 2015, Gadovist™ was approved by the Euro-
pean Commission for use in children under two years of age. This label extension applies to all indica-
tions that have already been approved.

In August 2015, the MRXperion injection system was approved by the Fpa for the injection of contrast
agents. Our system optimizes injection workflow, provides enhanced point-of-care capabilities and can
be connected to our Radimetrics™ Enterprise platform.

In 2015, we also worked to expand the capabilities of our informatics product offerings by developing
new software applications to improve contrast agent and radiation dosage management across CT, MRI
and nuclear medicine modalities.

73


--- Page 27 ---

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

At Animal Health we focus our research and development activities on antiparasitics, antibiotics, medi-
cines to treat noninfectious disorders and nonantibiotic alternatives for infectious diseases. Our central
research activities are conducted as part of our Life Sciences platform in conjunction with pharmaceuti-
cal research and in close collaboration with our researchers at CropScience. We also reinforce the busi-
ness by continually identifying further product development candidates through our existing collabora-
tions.

Since August 2015, our innovative immunostimulant Zelnate™ has been available in the United States.
It was approved by the United States Department of Agriculture (UspA) to aid in the treatment of bovine
respiratory disease caused by Mannheimia haemolytica bacteria. The product offers veterinarians and
farmers a new approach alongside vaccines and antibiotics for mitigating this complex infectious dis-
ease that has substantial negative impact on the cattle industry.

4.2 CropScience

Research fields and sites
CropScience maintains a global network of research and development facilities. Our largest R&D sites
are as follows:

Research and Development Sites (Table 3.4.8]
Site Country Focus

Monheim Germany RED of crop protection products, focus on insecticides
Frankfurt Germany RED of crop protection products, focus on herbicides

Lyon France RED of crop protection products

Sophia Antipolis France R&D of crop protection products

Raleigh/Research Triangle Park USA, RED of crop protection products; research center for seeds
Sacramento USA, RED of crop protection products

Ghent Belgium Research center for seeds

Nunhem Netherlands Research center for vegetable seeds

Lubbock USA, Research center for seeds, focus on cotton

Morrisville USA. Research center for seeds

While research is carried out centrally at a small number of sites, our development and plant breeding
activities take place both at these sites and at numerous field testing stations across the globe. This
ensures that future active ingredients and crop varieties can be tested according to specific regional and
local requirements. The research centers of the Seeds unit focus on improving seed and targeted seed
traits through seed technology and breeding.

In November 2015, CropScience opened three new institutes within the research and innovation center
at Paulinia, Brazil: the company’s first applications technology center outside of Germany, a resistance
monitoring laboratory and a center for agriculture in tropical regions.

CROP PROTECTION /SEEDS

Research fields

In Crop Protection/Seeds our scientists working across the fields of improved seed traits, seed tech-
nology, seed breeding, agricultural chemistry and biologics closely collaborate as part of our integrated
research approach. This optimally bundles the technical expertise acquired in chemical and biological
research and field development, aligning it with our long-term research objectives and business strate-
gies for the various crops.


--- Page 28 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

In the Crop Protection unit, we pursue the goal of identifying and developing innovative, safe products
for use as insecticides, fungicides, herbicides or seed treatments in sustainable agriculture. In the fields
of chemistry, biology and biochemistry, modern technologies such as high-throughput screening and
bioinformatics play an important role in identifying new chemical lead structures. In addition, we are
broadening the range of uses for our active ingredients by developing new mixtures or innovative for-
mulations to enable their application in additional crops or in different regions and make them easier to
handle. Successful collaborations with external partners complement our own activities.

Research in our Seeds unit is devoted to optimizing plant traits. We are developing new varieties in our
existing core crops — cotton, oilseed rape/canola, rice and vegetables. We have now expanded our
research activities to include two further core crops — wheat and soybeans. Our work focuses on improv-
ing the agronomic traits of these crops. Our researchers are working to increase the quality and yield
potential of crop plants — for example by improving the profile of rapeseed oil or enhancing the proper-
ties of cotton fibers. We are also targeting the development of plants that have high tolerance to exter-
nal stress factors such as drought, and can more efficiently utilize water. Further areas of focus include
developing new herbicide tolerance technologies based on alternative modes of action, and improving
insect resistance and disease tolerance. To do this we employ modern breeding techniques ranging
from marker-assisted breeding to plant biotechnology methods.

Technological advances offer farmers faster and more accurate methods of monitoring their plants.
Such digital solutions can help them to better understand processes in their fields and enable them to
make quicker and simpler decisions and calculate the risks more effectively. We would like to support
this development in the future by giving farmers specific agronomic recommendations. Therefore, in
addition to our conventional research projects, we are developing digital products in which we augment
field analyses and statistical models with additional data that we can adapt or individualize for a certain
field in order to help our customers to make decisions.

New products and registrations

In 2015, CropScience once again attained a series of important new registrations. In January 2015, for
example, we received regulatory approval from the u.s. Environmental Protection Agency (Epa) for the
new insecticide Sivanto™, which controls sucking pests on fruits and vegetables as well as most broad-
acre crops. Based on the active ingredient flupyradifurone, Sivanto™ is a novel systemic insecticide.
CropScience received marketing authorization for this product in Mexico and South Korea in the spring
of 2015, and flupyradifurone was approved by the European Commission in November 2015. We antici-
pate attaining the first national registrations for Sivanto prime™ in European countries in 2016; its mar-
ket launch is planned for 2017.

The product Council™ was already granted regulatory approval in South Korea in 2014 and it has been
available there since the 2015 planting season. The new rice herbicide will considerably improve weed
control, as it features a favorable environmental profile and outstanding compatibility — characteristics
that make Council™ an environmentally friendly and future-oriented product in the Asian rice market.
In August 2015, CropScience received marketing authorization from the European Commission for
terpenoid blend orp 460, the active ingredient in the product Requiem™. This biological insecticide
serves to control sucking pests. Its market launch in Europe is scheduled for 2017.

In September 2015, CropScience opened a new building for its European Wheat Breeding Center in
Gatersleben, Germany. Our wheat activities focus primarily on the development of hybrid seed that
promises considerably improved yield stability compared with conventional seed and is scheduled for
launch after 2020. CropScience announced in September 2014 that it will invest a total of €1.5 billion in
the research and development of wheat seed and crop protection between 2010 and 2020. Here Crop-
Science combines the discovery and development of plant traits, molecular breeding and the latest 1r
applications in order to optimize the genetic potential of wheat seed in terms of increased yields. In
2015, we took the first step in this direction by launching our first conventional wheat seed in Ukraine.

75


--- Page 29 ---

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

With many crops, such as vegetables, major success can be achieved using conventional plant breeding
methods. As vegetables are intended especially to be marketed and eaten fresh, merchants and con-
sumers have particularly strict requirements regarding their appearance, nutrient content, taste and
shelf life. We are launching a succession of new vegetable seed varieties that satisfy these requirements.

Acquisitions and cooperation

In February 2015, representatives of Bayer CropScience and GLOBALG.A.P. signed an agreement to fur-
ther intensify their collaboration. The partners aim to implement sustainable cultivation methods and
help fruit and vegetable growers worldwide to meet GLOBALG.A.P. certification standards.

Around the world, weed resistances to herbicides jeopardize agricultural efficiency and sustainability.
CropScience has significantly expanded its herbicides research capacities in order to be able to more
rapidly offer new solutions to global agricultural problems: in June 2015, CropScience and the Grains
Research s Development Corporation (GRDc) entered into a five-year innovation partnership centered
partly on the accelerated discovery and development of new active ingredients to manage major and
resistant weed species. The Groc will finance the expansion of existing capacities at the global herbi-
cides research center of CropScience in Frankfurt to include some 40 additional scientists and techni-
cians.

In June 2015, CropScience announced the acquisition of SeedWorks India Pvt. Ltd., headquartered in
Hyderabad, India. The company is specialized in the breeding, production and marketing of hybrid
seeds of tomato, hot pepper, okra and gourds. Existing and forthcoming varieties will be marketed
under CropScience’s Nunhems™ brand.

In September 2015, CropScience and the Round Table on Responsible Soy (RTRS) announced that they
would jointly assist soybean producers in the certification of their crops according to RTRs standards.
RTRS Certification guarantees that soybeans — whether used as a raw material or in processed products —
originate from environmentally friendly, socially compatible and economically viable production. This
collaboration will initially be focused on Brazil.

Special mention should be made of our food chain partnerships, in which CropScience supports all the
players in the food chain — from farmers and food processors to importers, exporters, wholesalers and
retailers. CropScience has participated worldwide in food chain partnership projects for 10 years, par-
ticularly in Asia, Latin America and Europe. Some 7,400 Bayer experts advise farmers on sustainable
cultivation methods — from seed selection and the controlled, eco-friendly use of crop protection prod-
ucts to the transparent monitoring of production and assistance in attaining certifications.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4.2-1

Our cooperation with partner organizations in these joint projects is now an internationally success-
ful business model for all participants in the food chain. Smallholder farmers in developing countries
and Emerging Markets draw particular benefit from the improved production and marketing struc-
tures. Since 2014, we have significantly expanded our partnership with Unilever. This includes a
food chain partnership project in Kenya focused on rapeseed whose integrated solution comprises
crop protection, seed and support in certification attainment and agronomic training measures. The
goal of the project is to stabilize or even increase harvest yields and quality, and thus farmers’ in-
comes.


--- Page 30 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Fs Te
Combined Management Report
4. Research, Development, Innovation

CropScience is part of a global network of research and industry partners from diverse segments of the
agriculture industry, chemical and biological research, and the food industry. An overview of the major
research partnerships is contained in

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-4.2-2

CropScience: Important R&D Collaborations able 3.4.8-11

Partner Cooperation objective

CSIRO Increase in wheat yields by means of native plant traits - discovery, validation and
integration

Elemental Enzymes Use of microbes to improve soil health and thereby increase crop productivity

GRDC Herbicide Innovation Partnership for the discovery and development of innovative

weed management solutions

ivec Joint development of new substances to control mosquitoes that transmit diseases
such as malaria and dengue fever

Targenomix Development and application of systems biology approaches to achieve a better
understanding of metabolic processes in plants

Integrated research and development pipeline
Our integrated product pipeline for crop protection and seed technology contains numerous new crop Group target 2015:

protection products, seed varieties and enhanced products (life cycle management) that have estimated _"ansfer of two new
launch dates between 2014 and 2019. We believe these products have a combined peak sales potential
in excess of €5 billion. In line with our Group target 2015 we launched confirmatory technical proof-of-

molecular entities
(mes) or plant traits
into confirmatory

concept field studies for one new molecular entity, one new plant trait and two new biologics. A new technical proof-of-
plant trait is a specific characteristic that has not yet been available or offered at Bayer for the crop concept field studies
plant in question.

(0 See also
The table lists a selection of products launched in 2015 and market launches expected through 2019: Chapter 1.4 for

Group targets

Innovation Pipeline! Table 3.4.91
Indication/crop Product/plant trait Product group Market launch?
Insecticide Sivanto™ Chemical crop protection 2015

Herbicide Council™ Chemical crop protection 2015

Wheat Conventional seed Seeds 2015

Oilseed rape/canola Dual herbicide tolerance Seeds 2016
Insecticide New active ingredient Biological crop protection 2017

Cotton Dual herbicide tolerance and insect resistance Seeds 2017

Oilseed rape/canola Dual herbicide tolerance Seeds 2017

Oilseed rape/canola Herbicide tolerance Seeds 2017

Soybeans Dual herbicide tolerance Seeds 2017
Insecticide New active ingredient Chemical crop protection 2019

Fungicide New active ingredient Chemical crop protection 2019

Soybeans Triple herbicide tolerance Seeds 2019

Soybeans Dual herbicide tolerance Seeds 2019

"Selected new products
22016-2019: planned market launch
As of January 6, 2016


--- Page 31 ---

TT Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
4, Research, Development, Innovation

ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE

Research fields

Environmental Science offers consumers and professional users chemically and biologically based pest
and weed control solutions by tailoring substances from our Crop Protection unit or external partners
for use in the garden, on golf courses, on road- or railways or in forestry.

Activities in 2015

Environmental Science expanded its product range for professional users in the Middle East by intro-
ducing various innovative formulations of our insecticide Maxforce™. The new biological product
Dedevap Green™ is available in Germany for use in granaries. Environmental Science also cooperates
with companies in Brazil and Argentina to promote sustainable forestry — through the use of products
such as our herbicide Esplanade Forest™, which enables reduced application of herbicides thanks to its
long-lasting effect. We are continuously expanding our range of fungicides. Examples here include the
launch of Dedicate™ in Europe, Chipco Signature Xtra™ in the United States and the biological nemati-
cide Nortica™.

For consumers we continued to work in 2015 on the development of innovative and user-friendly pack-
aging and the expansion of our range of biological solutions. We rounded out our range of pest

and weed control products with the launch of the new fungicides Consento™ and Emerald™ in central
Europe and Italy, the snail control product Dismo™ in France and Austria and new formulations of
Decis Garten™ in Italy and the Benelux countries.

For more than 50 years, Bayer has played an active role in the fight against malaria, which remains one
of the most dangerous tropical diseases to this day. Environmental Science is a leading supplier of in-
door spray insecticides that control malaria-transmitting mosquitoes, protecting some 50 million people
a year from the disease. In 2015, Environmental Science received support from the World Health Organ-
ization of the United Nations (wxo) for the use of the Fludora™ brand to combat malaria within the
context of integrated pest management. Environmental Science is also currently developing a new out-
door spray, K-Othrine Polyzone™, to combat dengue fever in Southeast Asia. This product is targeted for
launch in 2017.

4.3 Covestro

Covestro operates major Innovation Centers in Leverkusen, Germany; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United
States; and Shanghai, China. With its strong global presence, the company endeavors to account partic-
ularly for regional market trends and customer needs.

Essential in this context is also cooperation with external scientific institutions, start-up companies and
academic spin-offs. These collaborations are mainly based in Germany, the United States, China or
Japan. Our partners in Germany include RwTH Aachen University, while in China Covestro maintains a
close alliance with Tongji University, and in the United States Covestro supports research activities at a
number of renowned universities.

Research and development is a core element of Covestro’s corporate strategy so that the company can
maintain and build on its own competitive position. The company continuously works to evolve and
improve its products and manufacturing, processing and business procedures. It is ensured through
targeted management that ongoing projects and the project pipeline satisfy the current and future
needs of customer industries and ultimately the consumer markets.


--- Page 32 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

The thematic focus is on high-end applications, the enhancement of functionalities, design flexibility,
cost-reducing production processes and sustainability, whereby the company also endeavors to find
alternatives to petrochemical raw materials.

The Polyurethanes (PuR) Business Unit focuses among other things on driving forward new technolo-
gies such as microcellular foams that enable the development of even more efficient insulation of build-
ings and refrigeration chains. It also works to increase the flame-retardant properties of its materials.
Another current theme is lightweight composite materials, including applications in the automotive
industry that lead to weight savings and at the same time higher productivity and improved comfort.

In the area of process development, the business unit is progressing with the use of carbon dioxide as a
new source of carbon in order to reduce dependence on petrochemical raw materials. The pur Business
Unit's first priority in 2016 is to launch an innovative co,-based form of the polyurethane component
polyol.

Activities in the Polycarbonates (pcs) Business Unit are mainly geared to the development of products
for the automotive and electrical/electronics industries. The focus here is on reducing weight, improv-
ing energy efficiency and safety, and enabling greater design freedom.

Light-emitting diodes contribute to sustainability in vehicles and in other applications, as they require
less energy and last longer than traditional light sources. pcs has developed special materials for chan-
neling, scattering and reflecting LED light and for discharging the generated heat. In addition, the busi-
ness unit is channeling its focus on fiber-reinforced composites based on polycarbonates. These can
improve performance in high-grade 1T products and automotive components in particular.

The Coatings, Adhesives, Specialties (cas) Business Unit is actively involved in the development
primarily of polyurethane-based raw materials for high-performance coatings, colorants, adhesives,
sealants and specialty products. One of the goals here is to open up new application possibilities and
markets for the core products. cas is also driving forward technologies such as processes that make use
of sustainable raw materials, focusing consistently on the needs of the market here as well.

In April 2015, for example, the business unit presented an innovative curing agent for polyurethane
coatings and adhesives for which 70% of the raw materials are derived from biomass that does not
compete with food production. cas has also developed a thermolatent curing agent for automotive coat-
ings that can be applied at significantly lower temperatures than standard products. This in turn lowers
energy consumption and shortens production times. For textiles and artificial leather, furthermore, cas
offers a new generation of polyurethane dispersions that also conserve natural resources and do not
require the use of any organic solvents.

5. Sustainability Management and Governance

To us, sustainability basically means future viability and, as part of corporate strategy, is integrated into
everyday procedures.

We underline our mission as a sustainably operating company through our commitment to the u.N. 6 www.bayer.com/
Global Compact with its internationally recognized 10 principles and to the Responsible Care™ initia- sustain-

tive, and through our active global involvement in leading (industry) forums such as the World Business commitment
Council for Sustainable Development (wBcsp).

Bayer also expressly backs the comprehensive approach of the new Sustainable Development Goals
(sDGs) agreed by the u.N. in September 2015 for the period to 2030. In our core business we support in
particular the goals that focus on combating hunger and ensuring good health care provision across the
globe. The other spGs are also in line with our internal requirements relating to responsible business
practices.

79


--- Page 33 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

1D See also Chapter
1.3 for Group
strategy

& www.bayer.com/
policies

GRI
G4-18, G4-26, G4-27

& wowbayer.com
materiality

Responsibility for steering and aligning our Group-wide sustainability strategy lies with the Board of
Management member responsible for Human Resources, Technology and Sustainability in his function
as Chief Sustainability Officer, and with a Sustainability Council chaired by the Environment s Sustain-
ability corporate function.

Structure of Sustainability Management (Graphic 3.5.1]

SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

Organization Major areas of activity Steering, measurement
and documentation
Member of the Board of Product and process innovation Group regulations on, for example,
Management responsible for Access to health care + Human Rights
Human Resources, Technology + Compliance
and Sustainability Sustainable food supply + Sustainable Development

Environment & Sustainability Human capital * Responsible Marketing

corporate function Targets/ Indicators

Business ethics
Group committees focusing on Product stewardship HSEQ management systems

sustainability and HSEQ issues and audits
Safety
Opportunity and risk management
Environmental protection
Integrated Annual Report with

Supplier management independent auditing

Stakeholder engagement/Partnering

Societal engagement

Commitment to standards and organizations such as WBCSD, GRI, U.N. Global Compact, Responsible Care

The Sustainability Council sets targets, draws up initiatives, management systems and Group regula-
tions, and is responsible for their implementation. In order to operationalize the Group strategy and
make it measurable, we have set ambitious nonfinancial targets and indicators all along the value chain.
Internal Group regulations ensure our sustainability principles are implemented in business operations,
where they are realized through corresponding management systems, regulations and processes.

We regularly check that our areas of activity are up to date and relevant. To do so, we analyze and eval-
uate what the major stakeholders expect and require and match this against our own assessment.
Thanks to this approach, we are quick to identify sustainability-related opportunities and risks and can
incorporate these into our strategy. In 2014, we used a multi-stage process to identify issues of rele-
vance to us and prioritized these in respect of sales, costs, risk and reputation. We summarized the 24
areas of activity that are relevant to Bayer in a materiality matrix.

In 2015, we once again discussed the results of the materiality analysis at internal workshops and
reconciled these with current developments and the Group targets. We also analyzed the results’ rele-
vance for the Bayer value chain (see graphic) and reporting in line with the new Gri G4 guidelines.
During this process, the original 24 areas of activity were condensed into 11, presented to the Board of
Management and approved by it. The graphic below shows the assignment of our areas of activity to
the stages of the value chain.


--- Page 34 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Fs TY
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

Areas of Activity Across the Different Stages of the Value Chain (Graphic 3.5.2]

Value chain stages || Research, ) ss” rte) ve) Distribution
development, Production and Use
innovation marketing

Product and process innovation ® ®

Access to health care ® ®

Sustainable food supply ® @® ®

Human capital ® ® ® 13}

Business ethics ® ® ® ® ®
Product stewardship ® ® ® ® @®
Safety ® ®

Environmental protection ® ® ® ® @
Supplier management. ®

Stakeholder ‘engagement/ ® ® ® ® ®
Societal engagement ®

In the augmented version of the Annual Report you will find a detailed Gri content index with the corre- é www.bayer.com/
sponding uNGc principles and the Gri aspects to which we have assigned our areas of activity. There we gri-content-index
indicate whether our scope for exercising influence lies within or outside the company. An overview of

our areas of activity, their definition, the corresponding Group targets and the assigned Gri aspects is 6 www.bayer.com/

available online. key-areas-of-activity

STAKEHOLDER DIALOGUE AT BAYER

We consider the maintenance of constant contact and continuous dialogue with our stakeholders at a
global and local level to be very important. Bayer is a part of society and of public life. Society's ac-
ceptance and appreciation of our corporate activities are therefore essential to Bayer’s reputation and
business success. Involving the different interest groups is a vital element of the company’s activities
with the goal of creating better mutual understanding and trust in respect of our work and products.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-5-1

We believe that systematic dialogue with the stakeholders relevant to us offers a vital key to GRI
understanding their viewpoints and expectations and being able to incorporate them into our 4-25
business decision-making processes as far as possible. This procedure helps us to identify social and

market trends and developments early, avoid risks, assess our contribution and thereby set focus

areas for our corporate activities.

We systematically involve our stakeholders in various ways, including the Stakeholder Engagement
Process. This describes how, throughout the Group, stakeholder groups for a project can be identi-
fied, their expectations charted and dialogue with them steered. The engagement process requires
regular review and needs to be reflected against social trends.


--- Page 35 ---

ET Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

GRI Stakeholder Engagement Process [Graphic 35.2-11
64-25

Preparation

= Identifi-

& Controlling cation

8
a

Interaction Ciareciars
Strategy oo
development Prioritization
Clustering
met ann,
lanning

To ensure the long-term acceptance and appreciation of our business, we seek to link the interests of
our stakeholders even more closely to our corporate strategy. It is important to approach key social
and political players right from the start of a new project and, early on, to canvass their support,
identify risks and opportunities and seek open dialogue. The Group has developed a guide to
engaging stakeholders in strategic decision-making processes such as investment projects and the
launch of new products. The Virtual Resource Center platform that emerged from this provides
online tools and a tutorial to help identify social and political trends at an early stage so that they can
be successfully incorporated into project planning. The concept is currently being applied to various
projects at Bayer, and the practical experience gathered is being channeled back into further
refinements. In addition, senior managers are systematically undergoing specific training to improve
interaction with critical stakeholders.

GRI Bayer’s day-to-day stakeholder activities range from targeted dialogue at local, national and
64-26 international level and active involvement in committees and specialist workshops, through to
comprehensive information programs and participation in international initiatives and collaborations.
Our stakeholder dialogue includes both communication and active interaction with individual target

groups and also issue-related multi-stakeholder events.

GRI We basically divide the stakeholders with whom we mainly interact into four groups: partners, regu-
G4-24 lators, financial market players and social interest groups. In the following and in the relevant chap-

ters, we use examples to provide an insight into the commitment Bayer has shown in 2015.

OUR PARTNERS
Customers and suppliers
More on this topic can be found in Chapter 7 “Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution.”

GRI
G4-27

Employees
More information about internal communications can be found in Chapter 6 “Employees.”


--- Page 36 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

Universities and scientific institutions
Bayer’s research and development activities are supported by an international network of collabora- GRI
tions with leading universities, public-sector research institutes and partner companies. More about 64-26, G4-27

this can be found in Chapter 4 “Research, Development, Innovation.”

Schools and universities
You can find more information on Bayer’s comprehensive activities in dialogue with school and uni-
versity students in Chapter 11 “Social Commitment.”

Associations

Alongside our business activities, Bayer is also an active member of, or holds leadership positions
on, numerous national, European and international associations and their committees such as the
Federation of German Industries (Bp1, Vice-Presidency from 2015), the German Chemical Industry
Association (vc1, Presidency), the German Equities Institute (pa1, Presidency), the European Chemi-
cal Industry Council (ceric, membership of the Board and Executive Committee), BusinessEurope
and the International Council of Chemical Associations (1cca). Bayer also currently chairs econsense,
the Forum for Sustainable Development of German Business.

The subgroups are also active members of their respective industry associations. For example,
HealthCare is on the boards of both the European (eFP1a) and the American (PhRMA) pharmaceutical
trade associations, CropScience is represented on the boards of the international crop protection as-
sociation CropLife International, the regional associations (CropLife America, Latin America, Africa &
Middle East) and the European Crop Protection Association (EcPA), and the cEO of Covestro is the
President of PlasticsEurope, the association of plastics manufacturers.

FINANCIAL MARKET PLAYERS

More information on our dialogue with the capital market — stockholders, capital investment compa-
nies, institutional investors, banks and rating agencies — can be found in the Chapter “Investor In-
formation.”

REGULATORS
Legislators, authorities and po!
The framework for the company’s operations is determined by authorities, legislators and politicians

ians

through statutory regulations and licensing, for example. The dialogues Bayer is currently pursuing
with authorities and ministries at local, national and international level include targeted discussions
with political decision-makers and active involvement in specialist workshops and cooperation pro-
jects. Our active participation in political decision-making processes is also explicitly sought by the
key players involved.

Lobbying

In its Bayer Group Regulation “Code of Conduct for Responsible Lobbying,” Bayer sets out clear and
binding rules for its involvement in political matters, aiming to ensure transparency in any collabora-
tion with the representatives of political institutions. The Group’s Public and Governmental Affairs
ical work. This especially includes

developing the company’s political standpoints, as well as determining the position of the Bayer 6 www.bayer.com/
pol-involvement

Committee is responsible for the strategic planning of Bayer’s poli

Board of Management on important political issues. In 2015, Bayer’s political lobbying again focused
on the acceptance of products and technologies in society, on submitting proposals for creating sus-
tainable health care systems, on dismantling obstacles to innovation, on chemicals and energy policy,
on trade policy and on climate protection. Bayer actively promotes the protection of intellectual
property in order to be able to continue developing innovative products. In addition, Bayer makes
suggestions relating to the regulatory framework for crop protection products and seeds. More in-
formation on our political principles can be found on the internet.

83


--- Page 37 ---

84

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

6 www.bayer.com/ Our liaison offices in Berlin, Brussels, Washington, Moscow, Brasilia and Beijing are key points of
eu-transparency- contact between the Group and the political arena. Bayer actively participates in existing transparen-
register

cy initiatives. It publishes details of costs, employee numbers and any of the other statistics required
in each country, e.g. in the transparency registers of the European institutions and the u.s. Congress.
Bayer goes way beyond the statutory requirements in doing so. For instance, the Group also publish-
es data for countries, e.g. in Germany, where there is no legal requirement to publish such infor-
8 www.bayer.com/us- mation. In 2015, the costs incurred at the liaison offices for human resources, material and projects
lobbying-disclosure totaled approximately: €1.2 million in Berlin, Germany; €2 million in Brussels, Belgium; €6.9 million
in Washington, United States; €0.14 million in Moscow, Russia; €1.1 million in Brasilia, Brazil; and
€1 million in Beijing, China.

In keeping with our Group regulation, we have committed not to make any direct donations to politi-
cal parties, politicians or candidates for political office. However, some associations to which the
Group belongs make donations on their own initiative, in compliance with statutory regulations.

In the United States, a number of employees use the Bayer Corporation Political Action Committee

(BayPac) to make private donations supporting candidates for parliamentary office. Political action

committees in the United States are state-regulated, legally independent employee groups. In the

United States, companies are legally prohibited from donating to political candidates directly. Conse-

quently, such donations are not donations made by the company. The BayPac contributions are regu-
é www.fec.gov larly reported to the u.s. Federal Election Commission and can be viewed on its website.

SOCIAL INTEREST GROUPS

Nongovernmental organizations, the public, local community, competitors

Bayer is involved in a variety of projects, thematic initiatives and specialist conferences at a national
and international level in order to play an active role in the common task of shaping sustainable de-
velopment. Alongside exchange and cooperation with nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) and su-
pranational organizations, this primarily involves dialogue with the public.

Among other involvement, Bayer is actively engaged in the u.N. Global Compact and its initiatives,
the ceo Water Mandate and Caring for Climate, as well as the Global Compact Leap network and
local Global Compact networks. We have also acted as an organizational stakeholder in the Global
Reporting Initiative since 2004.

HealthCare is an active participant in the social dialogue addressing sustainability issues and creates
forums to encourage exchange and develop viable problem-solving approaches together with part-
ners. The subgroup supports the International Dialogue on Population and Sustainable Development

GRI conference in close collaboration with various governmental and nongovernmental organizations.

64-26, G4-27 The concept of this political dialogue involves finding solutions for internationally relevant issues in

reproductive health and sharing experiences of implementing the Millennium Development Goals.

Together with the psw (Deutsche Stiftung Weltbevoelkerung — the German foundation for world
population), HealthCare organizes a series of parliamentary evenings where experts in development
cooperation and representatives from the political sphere, foreign agencies, medical research, inter-
national NGOs and think tanks discuss issues related to development policy and population growth.


--- Page 38 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ls Ts
Combined Management Report
5. Sustainability Management and Governance

CropScience wants to strengthen and expand societal dialogue about the need for and benefits of GRI
science and innovation in agriculture and inform the public of the potential and challenges in today’s 64-26, G4-27
agriculture. The Agricultural Education program is primarily aimed at encouraging young people to

take a greater interest in agriculture and food production. The program includes practical exercises

in student laboratories, agricultural science scholarships and sharing ideas about the future of agri-

culture at international youth conferences such as the Youth Ag-Summit.

In 2015, the second Youth Ag-Summit was held in Canberra, Australia, in partnership with the Aus-
tralian agricultural youth organization FFN (Future Farmers Network). The focus was on nutrition for
the growing global population. At the end of the year, delegates from the Youth Ag-Summit present-
ed a declaration by the young people on specific campaigns and recommendations for safeguarding
food supplies to the United Nations’ Committee of World Food Security in Rome, Italy.

The neighborhoods near Bayer’s sites are a key subject in our stakeholder dialogue. The Group is
working at all sites on being recognized as a reliable partner and attractive employer that is aware of
its social responsibility. For example, the involvement of the local community plays a decisive role in
the success of any investment project.

CropScience regularly uses forums, print media and personal discussions with citizens’ initiatives,
representatives of the church communities and the regional press to keep its neighbors continually
informed, for instance at the Dormagen, Frankfurt-Hoechst and Knapsack sites in Germany. Stake-
holder dialogue is also taking place with the communities around sites in other countries, such as
Muskegon, United States, and Hangzhou, China.

Covestro engages in dialogue with neighbors, the public and non-governmental organizations (NGOs)
on a case-by-case basis. The communities around the sites are proactively informed and involved
when it comes to investment projects. One example is the intensive voluntary information policy
adopted by Covestro and the German Chempark operator Currenta with respect to the relocation of a
section of the existing carbon monoxide pipeline under the Rhine between Dormagen and Leverkus-
en. The permit documentation for the culvert could be openly viewed by interested parties in both
cities affected and was additionally accessible on a specially dedicated website. For more detailed
up-to-date information go to www.dueker.chempark.de (in German only). Both the media and local
residents are kept informed about the planned carbon monoxide pipeline between the German sites
of Dormagen and Krefeld-Uerdingen. The dialogue forum initiated by Covestro also plays an im-
portant role in the exchange of information with a critical public

& www.bayer.com/
COV-CO-pipeline

In the United States, Covestro’s site dialogue takes place through local Community Advisory Panels
(caps). These, for example, organize regular meetings with local government or the community, in
order to provide information on current issues or news from the area of site safety. In Germany, dia-
logue with the community is conducted through the Chempark neighborhood offices run by Currenta
at the Lower Rhine sites.

Among other things, Covestro is a member of the u.N. Global Compact and is active in econsense. It
also maintains various partnerships with NGOs as part of a commitment to wider society, for instance
with Habitat for Humanity, which seeks to build sustainable and affordable housing in India.


--- Page 39 ---

86

Bayer Annual Report 2015,

Combined Management Report

6. Employees

GRI
G4-26

Group target:
continuous
improvement in

employee engagement

1D see Chapter 1.4
for Group targets

1D See Chapter 4 for
more details

6. Employees

Our business success is based to a large extent on the knowledge, skills, commitment and satisfaction of
our employees. The aim of human resources work at Bayer is to create a working environment that
encourages personal development and where every employee can drive forward innovations and
achieve an excellent performance. Our corporate culture therefore builds on integrity, fosters strengths,
identifies potential and helps us in our common goal of attracting the most talented employees and
retaining them in the company in the long term.

Our human resources work starts with selecting and hiring new employees. We reward achievement
and encourage ongoing development. We constantly develop our organizational structures and adapt
them to the changing business environment. In addition, we have a wide range of initiatives and offer-
ings to help managers lead their teams and enable employees to perform optimally.

The global strategy introduced by the Human Resources (HR) Committee helps us meet present and
future business requirements. The HR Committee sets binding policies and defines priorities for all
regions and organizational units. It is chaired by the member of the Board of Management responsible
for human resources.

To monitor the effectiveness of our human resources work, we conduct a Group-wide Employee Survey
every two years. This is supplemented by institutionalized feedback processes and analyses. The infor-
mation we receive in this way is used to steadily improve our activities. One area of focus derived from
the results of the last Employee Survey was improving our innovation culture. Cultivating innovation has
therefore been integrated into the Bayer Competency Model as one of the key leadership competencies
and we have introduced new initiatives such as the “WeSolve” knowledge platform. Further information
on Bayer’s innovation culture can be found in Chapter 4 “Research, Development, Innovation.”

At the end of 2015 we had 116,800 employees worldwide.

Employees by Region and Gender 2015 [Graphic 3.6.11
North America Europe
16,000 «15,800 ——— 55,900 (4,600)
9,700 men ———— 34,900 men
6,300 women ———_! . —— 21,000 women
116,800
(117,400)
Latin America/Africa/Middle East B Asia/Pacific
16,100 116,800) nn 28,800 (30,200)
10,100 men | 18,500 men
6,000 women 10,300 women

2014 figures restated and in parentheses
Number of employees converted into full-time equivalents (FTE)
Values rounded to the nearest hundred

IDENTIFYING TALENTS

Bayer actively encourages its employees to develop their individual abilities, talents and strengths.
Scientific innovations, changing customer requirements and a strong competitive environment are just
some of the reasons why we welcome open-minded employees. A professional approach to attracting
suitable talents is key to this. In 2015 we successfully continued the rollout of our uniform employer
branding “Passion to Innovate | Power to Change.” This message expresses what Bayer expects of its
employees and, at the same time, what it can offer them. The employer branding “Passion to Innovate |
Power to Change” was deployed worldwide for internal communication with employees in 2015 and
was also used to position Bayer as an employer in many key markets. In addition, in 2015 we took the
first steps toward further optimizing Group-wide recruitment of new employees. This was supported by


--- Page 40 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 wa

Combined Management Report
6. Employees

an increased presence in social media. Our excellent reputation as an employer is shown by many ex-
ternal rankings, awards and accolades.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6-1

New Hires! by Region and Gender (Table 3.6.0-11
‘Women Men Total
Region
Asia / Pacific 1,745 1,569 2,758 2,762 4,503 4,330
Europe 2,717 2,359 3,104 3,162 5,821 5,521
Latin America/ Africa/Middle East 1,080 820 1,670 1,400 2,750 2,220
North America 990 2,359 1,510 1,406 2,500 3,765
Total 6,532 5,772 9,042 8,729 15,574 14,502

The figures also include the discontinued operations.
* Converted into full-time equivalents (FTE)

Vocational training plays an important role at Bayer in order to meet the need for skilled employees. We 6 www.bayer.com/
provide sound training in more than 20 different occupations and offer more vocational training places career
than required to meet our needs. In Germany alone, around 920 young people embarked on a vocation-

al training course at Bayer in 2015. We also give young people an opportunity to gain an insight into

working for our company at any early age. Overall, Bayer provided around 2,900 demanding profes-

sional internships for students around the world in 2015.

PRESENT EMPLOYEE DATA

On December 31, 2015, Bayer had around 116,800 employees worldwide, a slight decrease compared
with the previous year. In Germany we had some 36,700 employees (2014: approximately 35,700),
which was 31% of the total Group workforce.

Employment Data’ (Table 3.6.1]

Employees by function

Production 49,300 47,800
Marketing and distribution 45,100 44,700
Research and development 13,900 14,700
General administration 9,100 9,600
Total 117,400 116,800

Apprentices 2,600 2,600

2014 figures restated

Values rounded to the nearest hundred

‘The number of employees on either permanent or temporary contracts is stated in full-time equivalents and rounded to the nearest hundred. Part-
time employees are included on a pro-rated basis in line with their contractual working hours.

87


--- Page 41 ---

oT Bayer Annual Report 2015
Combined Management Report
6. Employees

The breakdown by age group was as follows:

Employees by Age Group [Table 3.6.2]
2014 0.1% 15.8% 30.2% 28.2% 22.3% 3.4%
2015 0.1% 15.3% 30.0% 27.7% 23.0% 3.9%

Of the total Group workforce, 112,100 employees had permanent contracts while 4,700 had temporary
contracts.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6-2

Employees’ by Employment Status, Region and Gender 2015 (Table 3.6.2-11
Permanent employees Temporary employees

Pen | Pe
Europe 19,900 33,500 53,400 1,100 1,400 2,500
North America 6,200 9,600 15,800 100 100 200
Asia/Pacific 10,100 17,700 27,800 200 800 1,000
Latin America/Africa/ Middle East 5,700 9,400 15,100 300 700 1,000
Total 41,900 70,200 112,100 1,700 3,000 4,700

‘The number of employees on either permanent or temporary contracts is stated in full-time equivalents (FTE) and rounded to the nearest
hundred. Part-time employees are included on a pro-rated basis in line with their contractual working hours.

The voluntary fluctuation rate shows that we were again successful in retaining staff in the company
long-term. On the reporting date, our employees had worked for the company for an average of 11
years. The proportion of employee-driven terminations (voluntary fluctuation) was 5.0% in 2015, level
with the previous year’s figure. Group-wide, the fluctuation rate was around 13.9% and thus up 2.5
percentage points on the previous year. This figure includes all employer- and employee-driven termi-
nations, retirements and deaths.

Employee Fluctuation Table 3.6.31
Voluntary fluctuation Total
2014 2015 2014 2015

Women 5.3% 5.8% 11.6% 13.9%

Men 4.6% 45% 11.3% 13.9%
Total 48% 5.0% 11.4% 13.9%



--- Page 42 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6-3

Employee Fluctuation’ by Region, Gender and Age Group (Table 3.6.3-11
Latin America/
Europe North America Asia/Pac Africa/Middle East Total
% % % % % % % % % %
Women 8.2 78 14.8 15.7 15.2 22.2 13.6 19.0 11.6 13.9
<30 23.6 19.5 31.0 36.1 177 24.9 23.6 29.6 21.5 24.5
30-49 6.2 65 13.1 14.1 13.6 20.4 11.3 174 9.8 12.6
>=50? 53 54 13.6 13.2 19.5 29.1 99 12.9 85 91
Men 68 67 15.8 13.2 16.1 23.6 13.0 21.8 11.3 13.9
<30 32.1 23.8 40.0 35.8 21.4 31.3 27.4 9 26.8 30.7
30-49 44 47 13.5 10.0 143 21.7 10.3 175 9.4 12.3
>=50? 41 49 14.1 12.8 13.2 17.2 94 20.2 73 87
Total 74 7A 15.4 14.2 15.8 23.1 13.2 20.7 11.4 13.9

* The data include all employer- and employee-driven terminations, retirements and deaths.

2 The comparatively high proportion of employees in the <30 age group is due to the inclusion of employees on temporary contracts
(working for 2-6 months of the year) and other short-term employees. It does not include apprentices.

3 The fluctuation rates for the >= 50 age group are mainly due to retirements.

At our significant locations of operation, which represent a selection of countries in which we generate
around 68% of our total sales, Bayer also uses temporary personnel from staffing agencies on a small
scale, based on stringent rules that are rooted in the Lire values.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6-4

Temporary personnel from staffing agencies are primarily used where this is necessary as a result of
short-term personnel requirements, fluctuations in order levels, temporary projects or long-term ill-
ness. The proportion of temporary staff employed in Germany is around 2.9% of the total workforce,
and the average for the significant locations of operation is 7.5%.

6.1 Utilizing Potential to the Full:
Personnel Development at Bayer

We aim to develop our employees on the basis of their abilities. To ensure this, in 2015 we introduced
the Bayer Competency Model as a uniform, Group-wide standard. It comprises 16 clearly defined core
and leader competencies, which are derived from our business strategy and LIFE values. They enable
both employees and managers to use a common language and enhance transparency of the skills and
behaviors we expect from both current and future employees.

This common understanding facilitates development opportunities for employees and at the same time
gives them guidance on their career path. The Bayer Competencies are now used as criteria for many
employee development tools, ranging from recruitment interviews through the Development Dialogue
to various Assessment Centers to identify future managers. In 2015, 28,000 nonmanagerial staff and
23,000 managerial staff around the world were trained to use the competencies in interviews and De-
velopment Dialogues.

The aim of the Development Dialogue is to draw up an individual development plan that fosters employ-
ees’ strengths and addresses areas in which they would like to develop further. 30,000 Development
Dialogues were held in 2015. They are an opportunity for employees to discuss their personal strengths
and development needs, career expectations and professional aspirations with their supervisor. This tool
is to be rolled out Group-wide and given a firm place in our global leadership culture. In 2015, the De-
velopment Dialogue was extended to nonmanagerial employees in Germany.

6. Employees

89


--- Page 43 ---

90

Ee Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

6. Employees

& wowbayer.com’
training

Thanks to its wide-ranging business activities, Bayer is able to offer employees throughout the Group
good opportunities for development. Vacancies throughout the Bayer Group, from nonmanagerial right
up to senior management level, are advertised via a globally accessible platform. In 2015, we posted
around 13,000 vacancies in 61 countries on this platform.

Selective training is also part of our philosophy of personnel development. We actively encourage “life-
long learning” by our employees as an integral element in the management of demographic change.
Our aim is to empower all employees to broaden their knowledge and skills and keep up with the latest
changes throughout their working lives.

We have training programs for all employees throughout the company. An overview of the various pro-
grams, together with details of their aims and uptake can be found on the internet.

At the heart of our ongoing training concept is the Group-wide Bayer Academy, which bundles our
extensive range of continuing education offerings. Alongside systematic development of managerial
employees, it offers continuous professional training through various functional academies. Managers
from different management levels have taken a total of 31,966 training courses through the programs
offered by the Bayer Academy for managers since 2013, including 11,623 in 2015. In 2015, the Bayer
Academy was honored with the renowned Brandon Hall Group Excellence Award in bronze for its train-
ing offerings to enhance the performance and feedback culture. A total of 302,205 training sessions in
Skill s Competency were taken by managers across all managerial levels.

Every employee at our significant locations of operation received an average of 20.0 hours of vocational
and ongoing training.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.1-1

Training Activities in Hours in 2015 by Employee Group and Gender" (Table 3.6.3-21
Employee group
Senior management 18.3 15.9 16.3
Junior management 33.2 24.4 27.4
Specialists 19.9 14.3 16.4
Overall average 24.1 17.7 20.0

The figures also include the discontinued operations.

7 Selected training activities in the 14 largest countries covered by the global training system, in which we generate 71.8% of our sales;
the gender-specific averages do not include the United States or Japan as statutory regulations preclude differentiation by gender in these
countries,

ACHIEVING EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE - FOSTERING FLEXIBILITY

Above-average performance is only possible in an environment where fairness and respect are key
elements of the corporate culture. That includes observing Bayer-wide standards of conduct and pro-
tecting employees from discrimination, harassment and retaliation. These standards are set forth in the
corporate policy on Fairness and Respect at Work.

Specific and differentiated feedback forms the basis for positive personal development. Bayer encour-
ages a culture of candid feedback to help employees achieve their individual goals. The global perfor-
mance management system is part of this culture. Employees agree individual objectives with their
supervisor that are directly based on corporate goals. Alongside continuous feedback throughout the
year, attainment of the objectives is assessed by the supervisor at the end of the year and discussed
personally with each employee. The results are documented in the employee portal and made available
to each employee on an individual basis. In 2015, this system covered more than 88,000 employees, i.e.
about 75% of our total workforce. Of the participants, 42% were female and 58% male. The system is
mandatory for all managerial employees. This ensures that they receive feedback on how well they have
applied our corporate values in the fulfillment of their individual objectives. Applying the Lire values is
as important as meeting business targets and therefore affects the level of their variable compensation.


--- Page 44 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 | ee

Combined Management Report
6. Employees

Bayer’s corporate culture is shaped by its employees. As a modern employer, Bayer endeavors to re-
spond to employees’ widely differing lifestyles. The company therefore offers employees in all countries
a wide range of options to help them balance employment with their personal and family lives. Today's
employees and prospective employees attach great importance to flexible working arrangements and to
support in caring for children and close relatives. Bayer offers a variety of flexible working opportunities
throughout the world. In many countries, these go well beyond the statutory requirements. We signifi-
cantly expanded our benefits and services in this area in 2015, for example in China.

In 2015, Bayer concluded a new General Works Agreement with the Works Council in Germany on a
binding and uniform framework for short-term mobile working. For the first time, this agreement is
applicable throughout the Group.

We regularly conduct extensive global surveys of family-friendly working arrangements. In 2015, these
showed further progress at our significant locations of operation. New and improved programs for
flexible working from home, flextime and caring for relatives have been introduced. In 2015, the Bayer
Group had some 10,200 part-time employees, in particular in Europe. This figure represents 8.5% of
the total headcount.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.1-2

Percentage of Part-Time Employees by Region and Gender (Table 3.6.3-3]
‘Women Men Total
Region
Asia/Pacific 2.2 21 0.3 0.1 1.0 0.8
Europe 23.5 24.1 11.2 12.2 15.9 16.9
Latin America/ Africa/Middle East 0.1 0.2 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1
North America 1.6 1.2 01 0.2 0.7 0.6
Total 12.1 12.7 5.3 6.0 7.9 8.5

Bayer enables both men and women to take parental leave. Since national parental leave regulations
vary widely from country to country, we only compile data for our significant locations of operation.
Group-wide 1,315 women and 788 men took parental leave in 2015. By the end of the year, around
1,847 employees on parental leave had returned to work. 81% of women and 99% of men who took
parental leave in 2015 returned to work in the same year.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.1-3

The next table shows the number of employees who have returned after the standard statutory pa-
rental leave program and Bayer’s more far-reaching “Family s Career” model in the past seven years,
using Germany as an example. By the end of 2015, 82.6% had returned to work.


--- Page 45 ---

ST Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

6. Employees

GRI
G4-26

Employees Returning from Parental Leave using Germany as an Example (Table 3.6.3-41
% Absolute
Employees who have taken parental leave since 2009 100.0 3,178
Returnees by 2015 82.6 2,624
Women 58.7 1,867
Still on parental leave/with a dormant employment contract 17.2 321
Returned by 2015 724 1,352
Left the company" 10.4 194
Men EE} 1,311
Still on parental leave/with a dormant employment contract 13 7
Returned by 2015 97.0 1,272
Left the company" 17 22

‘Includes employees who have left the company due to employer- and employee-driven terminations, severance agreements and expiration
of contracts

The General Works Agreement on caring for close relatives helps Bayer employees in Germany to com-
bine working with their role as carers.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.1-4

Under this agreement, employees can take up to 10 days’ paid leave to provide emergency care for
family members. For longer periods, they are entitled to work part-time. During this time, their salary
can be topped up by drawing funds from their long-term account. Alternatively, employees who need
to care for close relatives full-time can take unpaid leave for up to six months (or up to one year in
exceptional cases). The new General Works Agreement on mobile working, which includes working
from home for short periods, also offers employees greater flexibility in dealing with personal emer-
gencies.

EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATION

We regard providing regular, up-to-date information for our employees and involving them through
active dialogue as an integral part of modern human resources and talent management based on com-
petitive structures and processes. To ensure this, Bayer stepped up open and transparent communica-
tion with employees in 2015. The previously separate intranet sites providing HR information, company
news, country-specific information and background facts have been combined, offering extensive in-
formation on career paths, compensation, training and benefits.

Communication with employees also includes meeting national and international obligations to inform
staff promptly and extensively about upcoming changes in the Group.

In Germany we combine providing timely information to the employee representatives on the Econom-
ics Committee of the company concerned with coordinating and jointly deciding on the proposed com-
munication measures.

We also actively involve our employees in dialogue through a range of offerings and specifically encour-
age open discussion. These include regular employee assemblies, information events for managers and
the European Forum, where employee representatives from all European sites engage in discussion with
the Board of Management. Particular attention is paid to explaining strategic issues, business perfor-
mance, research, innovation and sustainability.


--- Page 46 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 | ae

Combined Management Report
6. Employees

6.2 Diversity and Internationality

A diverse employee structure is vital for our company’s future competitiveness. Diversity improves our
understanding of changing markets and consumer groups, gives us access to a broader pool of talented
employees, and enables us to benefit from the enhanced innovative and problem-solving abilities that
are demonstrably associated with a high cultural diversity within the company.

A better gender and cultural balance at management level is especially important for our success as a
company. Our activities in this area are bundled in “Leading Across Cultures and Genders.” At the heart
of this program are special training sessions for managers. These provide an opportunity for them to
consider the economic benefits of greater diversity, cultural and gender-specific differences and positive
examples from within the Group in order to develop action plans for their own areas of responsibility.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.2-1

Since November 2014, Bayer has been a member of the Gender Parity Council of the World Econom-
ic Forum in Davos. It is also a founding member of the new “Chefsache” network sponsored by the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, which was set up in the summer of 2015. The members of this in-
itiative are committed to working together to develop practically oriented strategies to drive diversity
and gender balance in their organizations.

Overall, the Bayer Group employs people from around 150 different nations. Of the members of our Group target 2015.
Group Leadership Circle, in which 33 nationalities are currently represented, around 67% come from increase in the

the country in which they are employed. The Group Leadership Circle comprises managers who per- Proportion of senior
form senior functions in the Group. At the end of 2013, 82% of senior managers in our five top contract ace fom outs
levels came from Western Europe, the United States and Canada and 18% came from other countries. States or Canada to
By the end of 2015, the proportion of employees in the latter group had increased by three percentage 25%

points to 21%. We aim to increase this to 25% by 2020.

In 2010, Bayer set itself the voluntary target of raising the proportion of women at the five highest man- _ Group target 2015:
agement levels throughout the Group to 30% by the end of 2015. In just five years, we have increased increase in the
proportion of women

the proportion of women in this management segment from 21% to around 28%. We aim to raise this
in senior management

to 35% by 2020. to 30%
In the Group Leadership Circle — the top management level below the Board of Management - the ratio
likewise improved from 93% men and 7% women at the end of 2010 to 87% men and 13% women at Cl See Chapter 1.4

the end of 2015. for Group targets

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.2-2

Bayer Group Workforce Structure’ (Table
Women Men Total

Senior management 2,800 3,100 7,700 7,900 10,500 11,000

Junior management 10,900 11,300 16,600 16,700 27,500 28,000

Skilled employees 30,200 29,300 49,200 48,500 79,400 77,800

Total 43,900 43,700 73,500 73,100 117,400 116,800

Apprentices 800 800 1,800 1,800 2,600 2,600

2014 figures restated
1 Number of employees converted into full-time equivalents (FTE) and rounded to the nearest hundred


--- Page 47 ---

OT Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
6. Employees

6.3 Employee Compensation and Variable Pay

Compensation at Bayer combines a basic salary reflecting performance and responsibility with elements
based on the company’s success, plus extensive additional benefits. In this way, we aim to offer our
employees working conditions that give them a high degree of security and reliability. Adjustments
based on continuous benchmarking are designed to ensure that our compensation is always interna-
tionally competitive. We also attach great importance to equal pay for men and women, providing fair
and competitive compensation worldwide and informing our employees transparently about the overall
structure of their compensation.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.3-1

At Bayer, individual salaries are based on each employee's personal and professional abilities and the
level of responsibility assigned to them. At managerial level, this is based on uniform evaluation of all
positions throughout the Group using the internationally recognized Hay method. In areas of the
Group and jobs that fall within the scope of binding collective bargaining agreements, there are no
differences in pay based on gender either. This also applies for the compensation of trainees. In the
Emerging Markets and developing countries, too, compensation levels are aligned to local market
conditions. To provide a transparent overview of their compensation, including all additional benefits
provided by the company and employer pension and social insurance contributions, more than
30,000 employees in 12 countries up to now annually receive an extensive “Total Reward Statement”
containing all relevant information. This will be rolled out successively to further countries in the
next few years.

Our compensation concept also includes variable one-time payments. More than €1,100 million is ear-
marked for bonus awards to employees for 2015 under the Group-wide short-term incentive (STI) pro-
gram. In many countries, employee stock programs enable our staff to purchase Bayer shares at a dis-
count. This offers them a further opportunity to participate in the company and its business perfor-
mance. We also offer senior managers throughout the Group “Aspire,” a uniform long-term compensa-
tion program based on the development of the share price (see NOTE [26.6] to the consolidated financial
statements). For members of the Group Leadership Circle, an appropriate personal investment in Bayer
stock is the prerequisite for participating in this program.

In the continuing operations, our personnel expenses amounted to €11,203 million in 2015 (2014:
€9,693 million). The change was mainly due to currency effects, an increase in average employee num-
bers, and higher employee bonuses. Offering a stable income and financial security is a basic principle
of our global compensation strategy. This also applies to financial security in old age. More than 70% of
Bayer employees worldwide are included in a Bayer pension plan. Pension provision is available to most
employees for the period after their retirement. The way these benefits are provided varies according to
the legal, fiscal and economic conditions of each country, the benefits generally being based on em-
ployee compensation and years of service. Further details of pension provision and pension obligations
are given in NOTE [29] to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 48 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
6. Employees

Personnel Expenses and Pension Obligations (Table 3.6.4]
Personnel expenses 8,726 9,194 9,430 9,693 11,203
of which pension and social security
contributions 1,672 1,823 1,845 1,818 2,191
Pension obligations! 19,310 22,588 20,682 27,771 26,809

2014 figures restated; figures for 2011 - 2013 as last reported
+ Present value of defined-benefit obligations for pensions and other post-employment benefits for continuing and discontinued operations

HUMAN RIGHTS AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Our social responsibility as a company and an employer is based on our corporate values and our unre-
served commitment to supporting and fostering human rights in our sphere of influence. Bayer’s Hu-
man Rights Position is set out in a binding Group-wide policy. We are committed to respecting, foster-
ing and reporting transparently on human rights both internally and within our sphere of influence. That
means, in particular, that we have policies, processes and monitoring systems to enforce human rights
in our business operations. Alongside working conditions in the Bayer Group, these outline our expecta-
tion that human rights will be respected at all stages in the supply chain, as detailed in our Supplier
Code of Conduct. In addition, our LIFE values and Corporate Compliance Policy commit all employees (1 See Chapter 7.1
around the world to fair and lawful conduct toward staff, colleagues, business partners and customers.
We are a founding member of the un Global Compact and respect the United Nations’ Declaration of
Human Rights and a range of globally recognized declarations applicable for multinational corporations.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.3-2

These include, in particular, the ozcp Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Tripartite Declara-
tion of Principles Concerning Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy, and the core labor stand-
ards of the International Labour Organization (110). We also observe the u.N. Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights, which were adopted in 2011. To implement these, in 2015, we played
an active part in the consultation process, which aims to support the German government in drafting
a national action plan.

To enhance our employees’ awareness of the importance of human rights in their day-to-day activities,

we trained around 52% of our workforce in the main aspects of our Human Rights Position at various

courses with a total duration of 201,000 hours in 2015. That included training for internal and external

security staff. The compliance organizations at Group and country levels monitor compliance with the

relevant corporate policies. If there are signs of violation, employees can contact their Compliance Of-

ficer at any time, anonymously if required. Alternatively, they can contact the Group-wide compliance

hotline, which is available worldwide to the general public as well as to employees. For further details

see Chapter 16.3 “Compliance.” I See Chapter 16.3

At Bayer, social responsibility includes ensuring safe working conditions and thus an environment
where our employees can work and undertake international business travel without fear. We support
our employees by providing training to prepare them for business trips, including training in the correct
conduct in emergencies.


--- Page 49 ---

96

ayer Annual Report 2015,

Combined Management Report

6. Employees

Our social responsibility is also reflected in our approach to necessary changes and restructuring
measures. In Germany, which remains the company’s largest operational base with 36,700 employees,
business-related dismissals are excluded through the end of 2020 for a large proportion of employees
under an agreement with the employee representatives.

In 2015, the working conditions for around 53% of our employees worldwide were governed by collec-
tive or company agreements. The contractually agreed working hours of our employees do not exceed
48 hours a week in any country. At various country companies, the interests of the workforce are repre-
sented by elected employee representatives who have a right to be consulted on certain personnel-
related decisions.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-6.3-3

Percentage of Collective Agreements by Region (Table 3.6.4-11

Percentage of employees covered by collective agreements,
especially on compensation and working conditions’

% %
Region/area

Asia/Pacific 14 15
Europe 87 88
Latin America/ Africa/Middle East 45 45
North America 5 5
Total 52 53

* Collective or company agreements

Our understanding of our role as a socially responsible company includes a commitment to helping
disadvantaged people. We employ some 2,500 people with disabilities in 29 countries. That is around
2% of our total workforce. 35% are female and 65% male. Most employees with disabilities work for
our companies in Germany, where they made up 4.9% of the workforce in 2015.

An important part of our sustainable human resources policy is ensuring a high level of social protection
for our employees. For example, nearly all employees worldwide either have statutory health insurance
or can obtain health insurance through the company. In 2015, we once again expanded or improved the
quality of the health benefits provided for employees in many countries. 78% of employees have access
to a company pension plan.

Health Insurance and Pension Coverage [Table 3.6.5]

Health insurance? Pension plans?

2014 2015 2015
% % % %

Region
Asia/Pacific 95 95 57 64
Europe 99 99 86 86
Latin America/ Africa/Middle East 94 93 59 56
North America 92 93 99 99

Total 9% 96 7 78

* State or employer-/employee-funded
? Programs to supplement statutory pension plans


--- Page 50 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, TT
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Employees’ health and vitality are important to Bayer. The company therefore specifically encourages

health awareness and healthy lifestyles. We have therefore introduced a wide range of workplace

health management programs at all levels, which are being expanded in response to employee surveys.

Further information can be found in Chapter 9.1 “Occupational Health and Safety.” 1 See Chapter 9.1

7. Procurement, Production, Logistics,
Distribution

We strive to offer our customers innovative products and high-quality solutions. This requires efficient
processes all along the value chain for our products — in procurement, production, logistics and distribu-
tion. Economic factors play a role here, as do ecological and social criteria such as comprehensive
product stewardship, human rights and a clear commitment to safety and environmental protection.

At our production sites throughout the world, we continuously work to improve our cost structure, react
more rapidly to market fluctuations through increased flexibility and achieve our ambitious quality and
safety objectives. The quality requirements for our products and services vary due to divergent regulato-
ry demands: the manufacture of pharmaceutical and medical devices in particular is subject to extraor-
dinarily stringent requirements.

This chapter presents the (internal) value chain: how we procure, manufacture and transport our prod-
ucts, as well as how we market and distribute them.

7.1 Procurement and Supplier Management

Bayer’s procurement organization supplies our internal business partners around the world with goods
and services while operating in accordance with the ethical, ecological, social and economic principles
established in our procurement directive. This directive is binding for all employees. Our procurement
activities aim to ensure security of supply, provide a financial value contribution and meet quality and
sustainability requirements. Procurement makes a substantial value contribution to the Bayer Group by
centrally pooling know-how, leveraging network effects and economies of scale throughout the organi-
zation and facilitating access to innovation.

We exert significant influence on society and the environment in many regions as a result of our pro-
curement activities, which in 2015 took place in 151 (2014: 147) countries and accounted for a pro-
curement spend of some €22.2 billion (2014: €20.3 billion) from transactions with approximately
112,500 (2014: approximately 112,000) suppliers in all areas.

In 2015, our procurement spend in Germany, the United States and Japan accounted for nearly 67% of
our expenditures in ozcp (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) countries, which
in turn made up about 53% of the Bayer Group's global procurement spend. Brazil, India and China
together accounted for about 68% of expenditures in the non-oEcp countries or about 14% of the total
spend.

97


--- Page 51 ---

a |

r Annual Report 2015
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-1

Procurement Spend and Number of Suppliers in OECD and Non-OECD Countries in 2015 (Table 3.7.0-1]

OECD countries

Germany 5.4 24.3 22,286 198
United States 53 23.9 11,515 10.2
Japan 11 48 1,888 17
Other 5.8 26.3 43,461 38.7
Total 17.6 79.3 79,150 70.4

Non-OECD countries

China 21 95 4,032 3.6
India 0.5 25 3,738 3.3
Brazil 0.5 2.1 2,387 2.1
Other 1.5 6.7 23,103 20.6
Total 46 20.7 33,260 29.6

Where possible, Bayer buys locally. In 2015, this applied to 75% of our procurement spend at our
main business locations, and 71% of our total worldwide procurement spend. This enables us to align
our procurement activities to the requirements of our sites in the regions and to help strengthen local
economies.

Bayer minimizes procurement-specific risks for goods and services of strategic importance, such as
supply bottlenecks or major price fluctuations, through long-term contracts and active supplier man-
agement. In this way we ensure both the company’s global competitiveness and smooth production
processes.

Indirect goods that are not of relevance to production are procured by the respective major user within
the Bayer Group. The individual procurement organizations were coordinated during the reporting
period by the Group Procurement Committee, which reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer. In
line with the company’s procurement strategy, direct and production-related procurement in the Bayer
Group is organized decentrally in the subgroups so that Bayer can act in accordance with differentiat-
ed market and production requirements. The composition of HealthCare’s supplier portfolio has
changed as a result of the acquisitions of the nonprescription medicines businesses of Merck & Co.,
Inc. and Dihon Pharmaceutical Group Co. Ltd., as well as the divestiture of the Diabetes Care business.


--- Page 52 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 | Me

Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-2

Main Procurement Products by Subgroup/ Segment Table 3.7.0-21
Subgroup/segment Main procurement products

HealthCare

Pharmaceuticals Zetia (finished product), cell media culture (raw material),

Betaferon (interferon-beta-1b) (bulk product)

Consumer Health Consumer Care: Supradyn (finished product), naproxen (active ingredient),
Berocca (finished product)
Radiology: iopamidol (active ingredient), iodine (raw material), cyclen (raw material)
Animal Health: moxidectin (active ingredient), Avenge (finished product),
Baycox-isocyanate (intermediate)

CropScience

CropScience Packaging materials, adjuvants and solvents (e.g. rapeseed oil, soybean oil, toluene,
ammonia), complex intermediates (e.g. pyridine polyfluoride) and active ingredients
(e.g. mancozeb)

Covestro

Covestro Key basic raw materials are benzene and phenol, propylene oxide, toluene, acetone
and hexamethylenediamine.

The use of renewable raw materials currently plays only a subordinated role at Bayer. We use them
more intensively when it makes technical, economic and ecological sense to do so.

©® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-3

A number of hormones are synthesized at HealthCare through certain sterols and phytosterols
that result as byproducts during the production of plant oils from soybeans, oilseed rape/
canola or sunflowers, as well as during wood processing. Palm oil or palm kernel oil is not
used here due to its low sterol content. We additionally purchase various steroids that are
manufactured from diosgenin or its intermediate stages. Today, this substance is usually ob-
tained from yam grown in countries such as China. We also use raw materials such as water,
glucose, yeast, soybean starch, castor oil and corn steep water in our fermentation processes.
Extracts of plant leaves (Centella asiatica) are used in some Consumer Care products. This
plant is widely found in Asia and is not an endangered species. We also take great care with
the cultivation and harvesting of the raw materials for manufacturing plant-based pharmaceu-
ticals for holistic treatments. They are collected and cultivated in line with the Gacp (Good Ag-
ricultural and Collection Practice) guidelines of the European Medicines Agency.

On the European market, CropScience offers a mild weed control product based on fatty acids
derived from palm oil. As the production of palm oil is often associated with social and ecolog-
ical problems, Bayer takes part in the Round Table for Sustainable Palm Oil (rsPo). This un-
derscores our commitment to responsible materials procurement. In 2015, Bayer for the sec-
ond time purchased GreenPalm certificates, which support the production of sustainable palm
oil.

Covestro is developing processes for the replacement of raw materials derived from crude oil.
In 2016, for example, the company is planning the commercial production and market launch

of pentamethylene diisocyanate (pp1), an isocyanate produced from a novel renewable raw ma-
terial derived in turn from biomass.


--- Page 53 ---

——— | Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Group targets: supplier
management

1 See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

Sustainability in supplier management

Bayer regards adherence to sustainability standards within its supply chain as both a crucial factor for
value creation and an important lever for minimizing risks. For this reason, not just economic standards,
but also ethical and environmental, social and governance (£sG) standards apply for the selection of new
as well as established suppliers. These standards are defined in Bayer’s Supplier Code of Conduct,
which is based on the principles of the u.n. Global Compact and our Human Rights Position. It forms
the basis for our collaboration with suppliers and is available online in 14 languages. The Code of Con-
duct is integrated into electronic ordering systems and contracts throughout the Bayer Group. Since
2015, furthermore, relevant new and renewed supply contracts have contained special clauses that
request suppliers to observe the sustainability requirements defined in the Code of Conduct and author-
ize Bayer to monitor this.

In order to consistently drive sustainability in supplier management, Bayer has set ambitious targets. By
2017, we plan to evaluate all strategically important suppliers i.e. those with a major influence on busi-
ness in terms of, for example, procurement spend and long-term collaboration prospects (3-5 years)
according to sustainability-relevant criteria (target attainment as of 2015: 84%). By 2020, we also aim
to include in the evaluation all those suppliers with a significant procurement spend (> €1 million p.a.)
that are regarded as potential high-risk suppliers (target attainment as of 2015: 73%). Risk definition is
based on a country- and material-based approach. Another objective is the development and establish-
ment of a sustainability standard for our supply base by 2020. Here we are working with both the To-
gether for Sustainability (TfS) initiative and the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (psci). The goals
include standardizing and sharing sustainability assessments and audits of suppliers in the same indus-
try and describing clear expectations regarding sustainability so as to establish appropriate sustainabil-
ity practices among our suppliers. The TfS initiative counts 16 and the psci 19 participating companies.

A key challenge for sustainable supplier management in the Bayer Group is to prevent child labor in the
seed supply chain of our CropScience subgroup.

Our Human Rights Position is unequivocal and includes a strict ban on child labor. We therefore also
obligate our suppliers along our supply chain strictly to refrain from employing children. For many
years, CropScience has taken systematic action to prevent child labor in the seed supply chain in India,
Bangladesh and the Philippines through its Child Care Program. Special teams from Bayer visit the
fields used, for example, in cotton, rice and vegetable seed production without prior notice throughout
the cultivation season in order to raise awareness of the issue and the Bayer requirements and to de-
termine the age of the workers there. Thanks to this stringent monitoring system, which is supported by
local educational initiatives, there are now only very few incidences of child labor among our contrac-
tors, and we are closely tracking these cases. Further risk assessments were carried out in vegetable
and rice seed production for Bayer in Thailand, China, Indonesia and Vietnam. It is planned to introduce
the Child Care Program in these countries as well in 2016. We measure the success of our comprehen-
sive program using the indicators “Child labor incidence per monitored km?” and “Child labor inci-
dence as a percentage of total monitorings of laborers.”

In the following diagram depicting the latter indicator, we demonstrate the continued elimination of
child labor in Indian cotton and vegetable seed production sites contracted by Bayer based on the re-
sults of field monitoring.


--- Page 54 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 a

Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Child Labor Incidence in the Production of Cotton and Vegetable Seed for Bayer in Relation to the Total Number of Monitorings' [Graphic 3.7.11

2008/2009 2009/2010 2010/2011 2011/2012 2012/2013 2013/2014 2014/2015
e

14 J00

o4]oor

0.30

0.25

0.20

0.15

labor incidence in %

15,09]

0.10

&

0.05

Number of monitorings of laborers (cotton) © Child labor incidence in relation to number of monitorings (cotton)
== Number of monitorings of laborers (vegetables) > © Child labor incidence in relation to number of monitorings (vegetables)?

"The figures cover several growing cycles per cultivation year. In India the cultivation year runs from the middle of one year to the middle of the next, depending on climatic
conditions and the various different seed types. Cumulated depiction on the basis of control inspections performed (at least 3 per cultivation season for vegetables and up
to 6 per season for cotton)

2 Vegetable seed included in field monitoring from 2010/2011 onward; for vegetables, cultivation areas and number of monitorings refer to a combination of various
different seed types. Each type of seed has its own monitoring intensity.

Below you will find a graphic for the indicator “Child labor incidence per monitored km2” and further
information on our Child Care Program.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-4

Child Labor Incidence in the Production of Cotton and Vegetable Seed for Bayer in Relation to the Cultivation Area Monitored" (Graphic 3.7.1-1]
2008/2009 2009/2010 2010/2011 2011/2012 2012/2013 2013/2014 2014/2015
— 3 s
z
5 2 z
. Ry
5 8 &
3 15 = 5 e
3 = g g
£ = D
31 °. =
0s e,
<1 | | .°
0 a
Cotton seed cultivation area monitored (in km?) © Child labor incidence per monitored km? (cotton)
== Vegetable seed cultivation area monitored (in km?)? © Child labor incidence per monitored km? (vegetables)

1 The figures cover several growing cycles per cultivation year. In India the cultivation year runs from the middle of one year to the middle of the next, depending on
climatic conditions and the various different seed types. Cumulated depiction on the basis of control inspections performed (at least 3 per cultivation season for
vegetables and up to 6 per season for cotton)

? Vegetable seed included in field monitoring from 2010/2011 onward; for vegetables, cultivation areas and number of monitorings refer to a combination of various
different seed types. Each type of seed has its own monitoring intensity.

Once a year, the audit firm ey (formerly Ernst s Young), India, conducts unannounced inspections of
randomly selected farms on behalf of Bayer.


--- Page 55 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Suppliers who can verify that they strictly observe our ban on child labor receive a bonus from Bayer
along with training in raising agricultural efficiency. Graduated sanctions are applied for noncompli-
ance. These range from written warnings to termination of the contract in the case of repeated non-
compliance.

Bayer regards school attendance not only as essential for children’s development but also as an ef-
fective tool to drive the elimination of child labor. We therefore also visit the parents of children we
find working in the fields to convince them of the importance of school education. We promote this
with the “Learning for Life” initiative within our Child Care Program. This initiative aims to ensure
that children and young people get a proper education and covers everything from reintegrating
children into the regular school system to vocational training measures. Between 2005 and the end
of 2015, the “Learning for Life” educational programs benefited more than 6,100 children and young
people.

The Child Care Program Advisory Council, comprised of international experts and recognized profes-
sionals, supports Bayer in the protection of children’s rights and the obligation of seed production
without child labor. The annual meeting of the Advisory Council, which took place in India in May
2015, focused on the effectiveness of the Child Care Program and on a project concerning minimum
wages in the seed supply chain.

Evaluating the sustainability performance of our suppliers

Bayer verifies the observance of sustainability requirements by our suppliers through online assess-
ments and on-site audits. Suppliers are selected for these evaluations based on a combination of coun-
try and material risks as well as strategic importance in accordance with our Group targets.

The online assessments are carried out on Bayer’s behalf by EcoVadis, an established provider of sus-
tainability performance evaluations. They are comprised of a web-based, modular questionnaire com-
pleted by the supplier, coupled with accompanying verification documents and 360° screening. The
evaluation criteria comprise the areas environment, labor practices and human rights, fair business
practices and sustainable procurement.

Together with external, independent auditors, Bayer carries out on-site audits of its suppliers based on
the psci and TfS sustainability criteria. In addition, internal auditors evaluate suppliers with a focus on
health and safety, environmental protection and sustainability.

Through cooperation with the industry initiatives psci and TfS, we leverage synergies through the
exchange of comparable, high-quality supplier assessments and/or audits among members using the 1T
platforms of the respective initiatives.

An overview of the number of supplier assessments and audits can be found in

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-5

Supplier Assessments and Audits for 2015 (Table 3.7.0-3]
Sustainability assessments! via the EcoVadis platform 692 521
Sustainability audits? by external auditors 56 1

HSE? /sustainability audits by Bayer auditors 94 107

* Supplier assessments initiated by Bayer as well as assessments of suppliers working for Bayer exchanged as part of the TfS
? Initial and follow-up audits initiated by Bayer of suppliers working for Bayer and exchanged as part of the TfS and PSCI initiatives
3 Health, safety, environment


--- Page 56 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Py

Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Within the scope of the TfS initiative, a total of 2,580 supplier assessments using EcoVadis and 179
audits — performed, for example, in China, India and Brazil — were successfully completed in 2015. A

total of 40 joint and/or shared audits were carried out in 2015 through psci, for example in Turkey,
Brazil and Uruguay.

Alongside consideration of our sustainability criteria in the selection of suppliers, CropScience and
HealthCare undertake separate evaluations of suppliers with regard to the contract manufacturing of
quality-relevant goods and services. These evaluations encompass the areas of health, safety and en-
vironmental protection among others and are performed prior to the start of operations. Since 2015,
furthermore, HealthCare has obligated newly selected suppliers with a prospective annual procure-
ment spend in excess of €1 million to undergo an EcoVadis sustainability assessment or an on-site
audit after being awarded business. The suppliers evaluated in 2015 in this context satisfied our sus-
tainability requirements.

Moreover, Bayer monitors suppliers who process minerals such as tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold to
establish whether these originate in conflict regions. In this way we want to rule out that such materials
find their way into our products through supply chains. To tighten up our requirements, the issue of
conflict materials has also been included in our Supplier Code of Conduct.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-6

International regulations such as the Dodd-Frank Act in the United States obligate companies to dis-
close the origin of certain raw materials to rule out that conflict minerals from the Democratic Re-
public of the Congo or its neighboring countries find their way into products through supply chains.
Bayer has questioned about 100 suppliers who could potentially be impacted by this issue. Nearly
60% of them confirmed to us that they do not procure potential conflict minerals. The status of the
remaining suppliers is being clarified.

All online assessments and audits are comprehensively analyzed and documented so that — in the event
of unsatisfactory results — specific improvement measures can be defined together with the suppliers to
ensure the future observance of social, ethical and environmental standards. In 2015, 33 suppliers
(equivalent to 6% of those evaluated) posted a critical result. These suppliers were requested by Bayer
to rectify the identified weaknesses with the help of corrective instructions or action plans.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-7

The corrective action established together with the suppliers in 2015 mainly related to the areas of
occupational health, occupational safety, fair business practices and sustainable procurement. In
2015, we monitored the implementation of the stipulated improvements among 324 suppliers by
means of reassessments through the EcoVadis platform; approximately 73% improved their sustain-
ability performance to a relevant degree. In 2015, Bayer was not prompted to end any supplier rela-
tionship due solely to sustainability performance or serious sustainability deficiencies.

Training measures and dialogue on the issue of sustainability GRI
We support our HSEQ and procurement employees in the implementation of our sustainability require- G4-26
ments with targeted Group-wide training measures. In the reporting period, 162 of these employees

completed training courses dealing with the EcoVadis sustainability assessment process. CropScience

carried out additional training courses on the subject of sustainability audits. HealthCare organized
supplementary sustainability workshops for selected procurement employees. In addition, we also offer

our suppliers a wide range of training and dialogue opportunities in order to familiarize them with

Bayer’s sustainability requirements.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.1-8

In 2015, Bayer once again held Supplier Days, which are an important dialogue platform for our
subgroups. CropScience organized special training courses on quality, health and safety, and envi-
ronmental protection for selected suppliers. The TfS initiative organized Supplier Days in China and
Brazil that dealt, for example, with environmental protection and occupational safety. In India, psci
held an education conference where suppliers were trained in occupational safety, environmental
protection, process and plant safety, and labor and business ethics. Both initiatives offer extensive
supplementary information material and online training courses on their websites.


--- Page 57 ---

|
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

Bayer Annual Report 2015

7.2 Production

Bayer operates production facilities at more than 120 sites in 35 countries. We deploy our competencies
and experience at all our sites to continuously optimize production processes and technologies, as well
as infrastructure. That is because product quality and the efficiency of materials and energy are crucial
competitive factors.

The safe and responsible operation of our facilities and the comprehensive safety of our employees and

the people who live near our sites are of utmost importance to Bayer. Bayer also places great im-
portance on protecting the environment and using natural resources responsibly. Accordingly, man-
agement systems have been established for the areas of health, safety, environmental protection and
quality (HsEQ) that apply throughout the Bayer Group. They are integrated into all business processes
and regularly audited and updated. All relevant HsEQ performance indicators from our production sites
are compiled in a Group-wide Bayer site information system (BaySIS). Extensive information on the
topics of safety, product stewardship, environmental protection and the corresponding management
systems can be found in chapters 8, 9 and 10.

HEALTHCARE
SITES

HealthCare operates production sites around the world at which active ingredients are manufactured
and at which formulation and packaging services are performed for the product portfolio of all
HealthCare divisions. The importance of the production sites within the network is regularly assessed,
giving consideration to site- and product-specific criteria. Product supply strategies and site strategies
are further developed and/or adjusted on this basis. The most important production and formulation

HealthCare Sites

[Table 3.7.1]

Segment/site

Pharmaceuticals

Main activity

Bergkamen, Germany

Active ingredient production

Berkeley, California, U.S.A.

Active ingredient production based on biotechnological processes

Berlin, Germany

Formulation and packaging

Leverkusen, Germany

Formulation and packaging

Turku, Finland

Formulation and packaging of intrauterine systems

Weimar, Germany

Formulation and packaging

Wuppertal, Germany

Active ingredient production

Consumer Health

Bitterfeld-Wolfen, Germany

Formulation and packaging

Cimanggis, Indonesia

Formulation and packaging

Grenzach, Germany

Formulation, filling and packaging

Kiel, Germany

Formulation and packaging of animal health products

Myerstown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A.

Formulation and packaging

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.A.

Manufacture of medical devices such as contrast agent injectors and
consumables

Wuppertal, Germany

Active ingredient production

sites for global product supply in 2015 are listed in the following table.


--- Page 58 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Ss MAE!
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

QUALITY MANAGEMENT

The manufacturing of pharmaceutical and medical devices is subject to extraordinarily stringent quality
requirements that are based on internationally recognized standards. Compliance with these require-
ments at Bayer is regularly audited by internal experts, regulatory authorities and external consultants.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.2-1
Quality standards are developed on the one hand according to regulatory requirements, approvals
and authorizations, and relevant standards of nongovernmental organizations and industry associa-
tions, and on the other hand according to customer expectations. These requirements are evaluated
by HealthCare and integrated into an internal quality management (QM) system that is based on in-
ternational standards of the 1so (e.g. Is0 9001 and Iso 13485) and the Icu (International Conference
on Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use), as
well as on rules for good working practice (GxP) in the development and manufacture of pharmaceu-
ticals (e.g. Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), Good Distribution Practices (GpP) and Good Clinical
Practices (GcP)). With the help of our om system, we effectively and transparently implement and
manage the quality control processes and responsibilities according to established, documented and
binding procedures and methods. The goal is to ensure the quality of our products throughout their
entire life cycle and safeguard the value chain over the long term.

INVESTMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

HealthCare continuously invests in its global production network in order to ensure security of supply, 1] See Chapter 14.5
provide the necessary capacities and satisfy regulatory requirements. Further production capacities for

the manufacture of hemophilia A products are being established at the Wuppertal and Leverkusen sites

through the biggest current capital expenditure program with a total volume of more than €500 million.

Another major project with a volume of some €100 million is aimed at expanding production capacities

in Beijing, China.

CROPSCIENCE

SITES

The products of the Crop Protection and Environmental Science units are mainly produced at the com-
pany’s own production and formulation sites, the largest of which are listed in the following table:

CropScience Sites [Table 3.7.21
Dormagen, Germany Development of new production processes and manufacture of
Crop Protection and Environmental Science products
Frankfurt am Main, Germany Manufacture of Crop Protection and Environmental Science products
Nunhem, Netherlands Vegetable seed production
Kansas City, Missouri, U.S.A. Manufacture of Crop Protection and Environmental Science products
Knapsack, Germany Manufacture of Crop Protection and Environmental Science products
Vapi, India Development of new production processes and manufacture of

Crop Protection and Environmental Science products

Numerous decentralized formulation and filling sites enable the company to quickly react to the needs
of local markets. At these sites the active ingredients are processed into herbicides, fungicides, insecti-
cides, seed treatment products and Environmental Science products according to local requirements
and application areas. Packaging of the products also takes place in these facilities.

Production of seeds takes place at locations close to our customers in Europe, Asia, and North and
South America at our own farms or under contract.


--- Page 59 ---

CT Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

QUALITY MANAGEMENT

Our CropScience products are manufactured according to high quality standards based on 1so 9001, to
which more than 80% of CropScience production sites are certified. The compliance of the production
processes and registered product specifications is regularly monitored by external auditors. All our
products are reviewed and registered by the national authorities in the various countries, and thus fulfill
the respective requirements with regard to quality and user safety.

INVESTMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

We invest continuously in our global production network in order to generate capacities for new prod-
ucts and technologies and to improve manufacturing processes. We plan to significantly increase our
capital investment to meet the steadily rising demand. We intend to invest approximately €2.4 billion in
property, plant and equipment between 2013 and 2016.

The construction of a new crop protection facility for the production of methane phosphorous acid ester
(MPE), an important precursor for the active ingredient glufosinate-ammonium, commenced at the
Knapsack site. The capital expenditure volume is more than €150 million. In September 2015, we ex-
panded our capacity for oilseed rape/canola through the construction of a new production site in Mon-
heim, Germany.

COVESTRO

Covestro operates a large number of locations worldwide, including eight world-scale production sites.
The company also maintains specialized technical centers around the world that offer customers indi-
vidually tailored solutions and that are designed for regional supply. Covestro thus guarantees not just a
global presence, but also above all customer centricity with short supply times and flexible service. At
these production sites Covestro pursues the ambitious goal of assuming and further expanding its lead-
ing position in the future, too, with regard to production volume, quality, efficiency and safety. Innova-
tive and environmentally friendly production processes are employed as a result of the continuous tech-
nological improvement of our facilities. The selectively backwards-integrated production process en-
ables Covestro to procure key raw materials such as chlorine and propylene oxide from within the com-
pany or through joint ventures so as to reduce the dependency on external supply sources.

SITES
Covestro’s most important production sites are listed in the following table:

Covestro Sites (Table 3.7.3]

Leverkusen, Germany Coatings, adhesives and specialties production; technical laboratories; chlorine
production

Uerdingen, Germany Polycarbonates and polyurethanes (MDI) production; chlorine and CO production

Dormagen, Germany Polyurethanes (TDI, PET) and coatings, adhesives and specialties production;
chlorine and nitric acid production

Baytown, Texas, U.S.A. Polyurethanes (MDI, TDI), polycarbonates and coatings, adhesives and specialties
production

Shanghai and Shanghai Polyurethanes (MDI, TDN), polycarbonates and coatings, adhesives and specialties

Chemical Industry Park, China production; chlorine production

Brunsbilttel, Germany Polyurethanes (MDI) production

Antwerp, Belgium Polyurethanes (PET) and polycarbonates production

Map Ta Phut, Thailand Polycarbonates and coatings, adhesives and specialties production

To serve our differentiated businesses, we maintain several production facilities in selected countries
that include systems houses where we formulate and supply customized polyurethane systems, as well
as plants where we compound polycarbonate granules to meet specific customer requirements or
manufacture semi-finished products (polycarbonate sheets). We also operate regional production facili-
ties for derivatives of the Coatings, Adhesives, Specialties Business Unit and for functional films made
of polycarbonate or thermoplastic polyurethane.


--- Page 60 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss MLE
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

QUALITY MANAGEMENT

Covestro applies very high standards for the quality of the raw materials it uses and their further pro-
cessing into high-tech plastics and polymer precursors. A quality management system was implemented
for this purpose that is certified to the international standard 1so 9001. In terms of total energy con-
sumption, over 99.97% of the reporting production and nonproduction sites of Covestro worldwide are
certified. This is regularly monitored by internal and external auditors.

INVESTMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

To safeguard competitiveness, Covestro continuously invests in a global production network so as to
maintain the production facilities and their infrastructure, optimize production processes and, in the
case of profitable growth prospects, appropriately expand capacities. Due to the significant expansion
of capacities in recent years, Covestro plans to invest less through 2020 and focus on maintaining and
optimizing existing production facilities.

7.3 Logistics

Logistics at Bayer does not just involve the transport, handling or warehousing of goods. On the con-
trary, it comprises the entire planning, steering, coordination, implementation and monitoring of all
internal and intercompany flows of goods and the related information. Not only are individual business
functions combined into process chains, all processes are integrated — from the procurement of raw
materials to the sale to end users. We work continuously to develop efficient and environmentally
friendly logistics concepts with the goal of reducing transport and storage complexity.

The safe transport of our materials and products is very important to Bayer. With this objective in mind,
we have installed management systems and directives with global validity, implemented an agile corpo-
rate structure and carefully selected contracted logistics services suppliers. You can find out more in CLI See Chapter 9
Chapter 9 “Safety.

Concrete production and logistics planning depends on the products to be transported and the resulting

specific requirements. Logistics processes are therefore decentrally organized at Bayer. Each subgroup

maintains its own logistics units to account for the demands of different business models.

HEALTHCARE

Among other activities, the internal Product Supply organization steers all logistics services at
HealthCare across divisions — from suppliers to the company’s own sites, within the production network
and from the company to its customers. This also includes warehouse and transport management and
the steering of supplier-, production- and customer-specific material streams. HealthCare both utilizes
internal capacities and employs external logistics partners to meet its storage and transport needs.
Warehouse sites and transport flows are established and continuously optimized accordingly. Service,
quality and costs are continuously monitored according to corresponding guidelines and indicators.

The means of transport is generally selected in a standardized process between the production site and
the recipient country, with consideration given to demand, costs and environmental aspects. These
aspects also serve to continually optimize transport processes. To this end, hubs are established in the
distribution network, planning processes are optimized and air transport reduced. These globally
steered measures are supported by greater standardization and transparency along the supply chain.


--- Page 61 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

CROPSCIENCE

CropScience manages the transport and storage of products through a multi-stage system that is
aligned to production and distribution. Subsequent to production, active ingredients are distributed to a
global network of specialized warehouses and then forwarded to our regional formulation and filling
sites for further processing depending on current demand. The finished products manufactured there
are then transferred to local distribution warehouses in the respective destination countries where the
products are stored, commissioned after release and shipped to customers. The logistics process at
Seeds encompasses the various stages of production all the way to ready-to-sell seed, which is distrib-
uted to customers via local distribution warehouses.

CropScience generally deploys trucks for land transportation, while container ships are primarily used
for overseas traffic. Air freight is only selected in exceptional cases, and accounts for less than 1% of
the transport volume.

COVESTRO

At Covestro, logistics in the regions are centrally organized in Supply Chain Centers. Transport is han-
dled by logistics service suppliers that are selected according to stringent safety, environmental and
quality criteria. The preferred mode of transport is by rail or intermodal — in other words employing a
combination of road, rail and water transport. This increases energy efficiency and reduces co, emis-
sions. Customers are supplied from close-to-production warehouses, wherever transport times and
supply security allow this. In the case of longer distances, goods are temporarily stored in regional
distribution centers and then dispatched at short notice. Logistics are steered according to indicator-
based management that is aligned toward safety, environmental and supply security aspects.

7.4 Distribution

Bayer markets its products worldwide through a market- and customer-specific distribution network.
The marketing and distribution units play a key role in communicating to customers the benefits and
advantages of our high-quality products and services. Our distribution activities are geared toward the
long-term retention of existing customers and the acquisition of new clients. In this connection, we offer
smooth business processing from ordering to delivery in adequate time. Responsible conduct is also a
top priority for Bayer in marketing and distribution. The necessary rules of conduct, which do not per-
mit legal violations in marketing, are established in our Group Responsible Marketing & Sales Policy.
This Group regulation and the respective training programs are implemented decentrally in the sub-
groups. A high level of customer satisfaction is essential for the long-term success of our business. We
therefore systematically analyze both the needs and satisfaction of, as well as complaints voiced by, our
customers, and thus foster partnership-based cooperation and dialogue with them.

HEALTHCARE
Our pharmaceutical products are primarily distributed through wholesalers, pharmacies and hospitals.
Co-promotion and co-marketing agreements serve to optimize our distribution network.

Consumer Care’s products are generally sold in pharmacies, with supermarket chains and other large
retailers also playing a significant role in certain important markets such as the United States. The con-
trast agents and medical equipment of our Medical Care Division are marketed to radiologists, cardiolo-
gists and other specialists in medical imaging in hospitals and out-patient clinical sites through a global
direct sales organization, supplemented in some cases by local distributors. Depending on local regula-
tory frameworks, we market our animal health products through veterinarians and other distribution
channels such as pharmacies or retail stores.


--- Page 62 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 ee

Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES IN MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

In the development, sale and marketing of its products, HealthCare does not tolerate bribery or any other
form of improper exertion of influence on our business partners. Furthermore, Bayer is committed to
ethical advertising and communication for all its products and services. Our minimum standards are
derived from three basic sources: laws and other statutory regulations, industry codes and internal rules.

The marketing and distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical devices are strictly regulated and sub-
ject to relevant laws that we are committed to observing. Also applicable at the global or regional levels
are industry codes adopted by associations of the pharmaceuticals, medical devices and animal health
industries. In many countries, furthermore, these standards are further concretized by local codes — all
of which apply to prescription pharmaceuticals and many of which additionally apply to nonprescription
medicines.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.4-1

All codes of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA)
serve as a binding global minimum global standard for all products marketed by HealthCare. In addi-
tion, Bayer observes the codes of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associa-
tions (EFPIA) for dealings with health care professionals and patient organizations. The wHo’s Ethical
Criteria for Medicinal Drug Promotion, together with national ethical standards that are usually en-
shrined in industry codes at the local level, represent the minimum global standard for the advertis-
ing of pharmaceutical products at HealthCare. All the aforementioned codes contain provisions gov-
erning, among other issues, advertising material standards, the distribution of samples, cooperation
with members of medical and pharmaceutical specialist groups in connection with speaker and con-
sultancy contracts, and scientific studies. Adherence to these codes is designed to ensure the inde-
pendence of both health care professionals and patient organizations. Based on the new EFPIA trans-
parency code and beginning in June 2016 at the latest, furthermore, Bayer will disclose any grants to
health care professionals and organizations annually for the preceding calendar year.

The most important Bayer Group regulation in this connection is our Anti-Corruption Procedure, which
establishes minimum global standards on this topic for the entire company. HealthCare has summarized
the key requirements and the minimum global standard for compliant and ethical conduct in the Anti-
Corruption Compliance Manual, which applies worldwide in all divisions. The main principles for ethi-
cally and legally acceptable advertising for pharmaceuticals and medical devices are also set out in an
internal HealthCare directive. The goal of these directives is to help HealthCare employees to always act
in compliance with all applicable regulations. Should several regulations be relevant, HealthCare princi-
pally applies the more stringent standards.

Training measures on product-related communication and anti-corruption are fundamental elements of
the system at Bayer. They are directed toward certain employee groups and are tailored to account for
the special risks these employees are exposed to. The principles presented in these training courses
provide an overview of globally applicable minimum requirements for cooperation with key stakeholders
of HealthCare, such as physicians, hospitals or patient organizations. The courses not only explain gen-
eral compliance principles but also give specific instructions in relation to nonreciprocal benefits and
the exchange of services with health care professionals.

As part of our compliance management system, we register and investigate any suspected violation of 1 See Chapter 16.3
our responsible marketing principles. This applies to complaints both from within the company and as
notified to us from outside.


--- Page 63 ---

CC a | Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

GRI
G4-26

CUSTOMER DIALOGUE

A keen understanding of manifold customer needs is especially important if HealthCare’s products are
to be successful in the market. Our customers include patients, physicians, caretakers, health policy
decision-makers and opinion leaders, partners from research and development, and health care payers.
Due to the stark distinctions between these groups, the individual HealthCare divisions take specific
steps to enter into dialogue with customers and measure their satisfaction.

Different legal requirements apply for prescription medicines than for nonprescription or medical de-
vices. This makes the conditions under which customer satisfaction data are gathered in the health
sector correspondingly complex. For example, it is not permitted to directly survey patients about the
effects and side effects of prescription medicines. HealthCare therefore conducts primary market and
data research in this area.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.4-2

We use market research projects to identify the needs of the various customer groups and thus fur-
ther strengthen customer orientation at Pharmaceuticals. We also carry out systematic internet anal-
yses that give us a better understanding of our stakeholders’ opinions, interests and networks. To
measure customer satisfaction, Pharmaceuticals conducts international surveys of its customer
groups according to therapeutic areas. The results of the studies are regularly integrated into brand
planning. To continuously optimize customer service, moreover, we support our medical sales force
through product- and country-specific training courses.

Following the success of pilot projects in key markets, Consumer Care in 2015 began introducing its
excellence program to improve customer orientation worldwide. The program is designed to identify
examples of best practices in the areas of market launch strategies, distribution and trading. It has
already been successfully implemented in 13 countries, and others will follow in 2016.

Animal Health also conducts studies on customer satisfaction and customer retention, applying vary-
ing methods according to the respective market segment. From studies that track long-term custom-
er behavior, performance indicators are developed that in turn are used to measure customer satis-
faction.

Complaints, customer services for orders, product and delivery information, information on health
care topics or the handling of general inquiries pertaining to HealthCare are processed by the rele-
vant business units and country organizations. The respective contact information is available online.

As the Bayer Group is headquartered in Germany, HealthCare operates a customer service center in
that country with a quality management system certified to Is0 9001:2008.

CROPSCIENCE

DISTRIBUTION

CropScience markets its products in more than 120 countries. We market our crop protection products
mainly through wholesalers or directly through retailers. We also sell products directly to customers in
selected markets where market conditions require this mode of distribution.

Distribution activities for seeds are focused on the crops cotton, oilseed rape/canola, rice, soybeans and
vegetables from our own research laboratories and breeding facilities. In our core crops, we have
achieved strong market positions and are internationally represented. Our seeds are sold to growers,
seedling companies, specialist retailers and the processing industry. Plant traits developed using mod-
ern breeding methods are either incorporated into our own seed varieties or licensed to other seed
companies.


--- Page 64 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Es eee
Combined Management Report
7. Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution

The Environmental Science products are mainly sold through wholesalers and specialist retailers. We
market our range of pest and weed control products to professional users in the green industry (includ-
ing public parks and golf courses), forestry, industrial vegetation management and professional pest
control. In the area of public health, an example being vector control to combat malaria and dengue
fever, much of our business is transacted in response to tendering by government agencies and non-
governmental organizations. We also offer pest control and plant care products to private customers in
the home and garden sector.

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES IN MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

CropScience follows the guidelines of its Product Stewardship Policy with regard to the distribution and
use of its crop protection products. This policy, which also satisfies the requirements of the Group Re-
sponsible Marketing s Sales Policy, is based on the International Code of Conduct issued by the Food
and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (Fao). Training materials to explain this Group poli-
cy have been distributed throughout the global organization and are available to the employees on the
Bayer intranet.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.4-3

Responsible business practices in marketing and sales are addressed at CropScience in compliance
training courses and are also an integral element of marketing and sales excellence training
measures. In 2015, we trained a total of 600 (2014: 2,400) CropScience employees worldwide in
three- and one-day training courses.

CUSTOMER DIALOGUE GRI
CropScience sees tremendous value in the satisfaction of its customers. Our goal is to establish long- 64-26
term customer relationships that ensure the business success and meet the expectations of both parties.

We strive to fulfill the high expectations of our customers through targeted communication, smooth

business processing and effective complaint management. We regularly determine these expectations

through our commercial excellence activities so that we can offer our customers tailored solutions. In

addition to the customer surveys we conduct through our country organizations every two years accord-

ing to a standardized process, we analyze all channels of interaction with our customers. We use the

findings of these analyses to align our distribution and marketing processes around the world to the

respective customer needs. In general, we aim to make our dialogue with customers more target group-

and region-specific and to continuously improve it. We improve our customer processes in part with the

help of a customer relationship management database that is now used in more than 60 of our country
organizations. We assess our performance using a system of qualitative and quantitative indicators.

CropScience is also intensifying its direct cooperation with farmers through the Bayer Forward Farming
initiative. Our solutions for sustainable agriculture in practice are demonstrated at Bayer ForwardFarms.
The first farms have been established in Belgium, France, Germany and the Netherlands, and further
collaborations are being prepared in Spain and Brazil. CropScience will successively expand this type of
cooperation worldwide.

COVESTRO

DISTRIBUTION AND CUSTOMER DIALOGUE

Covestro’s products are mainly supplied to the automotive and transportation, construction, wood pro-
cessing and furniture, and electrical/electronics industries. Other customer industries are the sports
and leisure, cosmetics and health care sectors, as well as the chemical industry.

Covestro markets its products mostly through regional and local distribution channels. Here three re-
gional Supply Chain Centers serve as the central link to the customer. Covestro makes use of e-
commerce platforms and other channels for order processing. Customer satisfaction is systematically
analyzed on a global basis, enabling the development of improvement measures.


--- Page 65 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-7.4-4

The Supply Chain Centers pool all information streams from order acceptance to dispatch planning,
delivery and complaint acceptance in the Europe/Middle East/Africa/Latin America, North America
and Asia/Pacific regions. This ensures a high level of expertise particularly in order management
and in transaction, supply chain and logistics solutions. Using the “Order@Covestro” online infor-
mation platform, customers can at any time place orders, call up material safety data sheets and
track the status of their orders.

Covestro’s highest quality objective is faultlessness so as to attain a high level of customer satisfac-
tion. To systematically increase customer satisfaction and ensure optimal quality of service, com-
plaints registered in the global management system and by the individual business units are regular-
ly evaluated. Customer evaluations are also analyzed in detail. Through dialogue with internal stake-
holders, preventive and corrective measures are undertaken to further increase quality and customer
satisfaction while at the same time lowering the error rate and thus also the incidence of complaints.
In 2015, for example, a total of 5,178 complaints by around 2,088 customers were registered world-
wide. This yields a rate of 7.61 complaints per 1,000 deliveries, about the same as in 2014 (7.75
complaints per 1,000 deliveries).

Covestro also works with trading houses and local distributors who are responsible for business with
small customers. Major customers with global operations are serviced directly by key account managers.

RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES IN MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

In the marketing of its products, Covestro also takes into account all the requirements of the Bayer
Group’s Responsible Marketing & Sales Policy. The importance of observing antitrust law and prevent-
ing corruption is regularly emphasized in training programs, internal communications and discussions
with management. In 2015, training focused on export control. Around 4,980 Covestro managerial
employees took part in web-based compliance training courses and supplementary target group-
oriented, on-site training sessions.

8. Product Stewardship

Our products and services are designed to benefit people and improve their quality of life. We consider

product stewardship to mean that our products are safe for people, animals and the environment when

properly used. This is a key factor in creating lasting trust in our products and maintaining our business
foundation over the long term.

All substances and finished products undergo extensive testing and evaluation to ensure a high degree
of safety. We assess the possible health and environmental risks of a product along the entire value
chain — starting with research and development and continuing through production, marketing and use
by the customer through to disposal. From this we derive suitable steps to mitigate risks based on the
observation of legal requirements and internal standards that go beyond these.

Bayer has put in place suitable directives and management systems for the implementation of regulato-
ry and voluntary product stewardship requirements that are steered by our HSEQ (health, safety, envi-
ronmental protection and quality) departments. These efforts are underscored by the Bayer Group's
target of completing the assessment of the hazard potential of all substances (>99%) used in quantities
exceeding one metric ton per annum by 2020.

IMPLEMENTING STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS

Extensive legal regulations apply to all products manufactured by Bayer. Chemical substances are
subject to the European chemicals regulation REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Re-
striction of Chemicals) and the cLp regulation (Regulation on Classification, Labelling and Packaging of
Substances and Mixtures). The classification and labeling of chemicals is intended to clearly inform
employees and consumers in the European Union about the risks associated with chemicals.


--- Page 66 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss Ce!
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-1

The registration obligation under REACH applies irrespective of marketing activities for all substances
that we produce or import in quantities of more than one metric ton. There is also an authorization
procedure that limits the use of particularly hazardous substances or can lead to their replacement or
ban. To fulfil the complex requirements of REACH, we have approved Group-wide and subgroup-
specific regulations. Already registered substances are also regularly evaluated by the authorities.
For Bayer substances this can result in additional testing requirements, new risk management
measures or inclusion in the REACH authorization procedure. This is indeed the case for some Bayer
substances. The authorities enforce the implementation of REACH through regular inspections. So far
none of the inspections at Bayer has resulted in complaints. As we also use many substances from
other manufacturers, we maintain close contacts with our suppliers and ensure that they reassure
conformity with REACH for the substances they supply.

In the European Union, the Globally Harmonized System (Gus) for the classification and labeling of
chemicals is implemented through the cLp regulation. The purpose of the Gus is to achieve a global-
ly standardized system for classifying chemicals and labeling them appropriately on packaging and
in material safety data sheets. Bayer assesses all its marketed products and implements the cus
worldwide.

Before any product is introduced to the market, we assess it under this stringent process to determine
whether it is safe for people, animals and the environment.

Furthermore, the end products from our Life Science units — such as pharmaceuticals, crop protection
products and biocides — are subject to specific approval/ authorization procedures.

VOLUNTARY COMMITMENT

Since 1994, Bayer has supported the voluntary Responsible Care™ initiative of the chemical industry,
which was globalized in 2006 with the introduction of the Responsible Care™ Global Charter. We cover
all main elements of the charter at all Group sites with our HSEQ management systems and activities. We
are also actively involved in the further development of scientific risk assessment through our work in
associations and initiatives.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-2

International associations such as the European and international chemical industry associations
(cEFIC, 1cca) and the oEcpD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), as well as ini-
tiatives such as ECETOC (European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals) and the
EpAA (European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing), work to evolve the scien-
tific assessment of chemicals, develop new test methods and oversee the implementation of statutory
regulations. Bayer actively supports these efforts through its activities in the associations. We are al-
so involved in the 1cca Long-Range Research Initiative, for example, and endorse the goals of the
wuo and E.U. action plans for improving health and environmental protection. We also support the
Global Product Strategy (GPs), a voluntary commitment of the chemical industry initiated by the In-
ternational Council of Chemical Associations (cca). Its objective is to improve knowledge about
chemical products, especially in Emerging Markets and developing countries, and thus increase safe-
ty in the handling of these products.

We concern ourselves intensively with our substances’ properties and regularly evaluate them already at
the research and development stage. In application of the precautionary principle, the development of
substances with undesirable properties is discontinued.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-3

We accept the precautionary principle as explained in Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration of the Unit-
ed Nations and communiqué com (2000) 1 of the European Commission as a possible consumer pro-
tection and risk management tool. It is applied whenever there is no final scientific certainty in a giv-
en area and evidence also exists that people or the environment could suffer significant or irreversi-
ble damage that must be rectified. There should not be a unilateral focus on hazard potential, but ra-
ther a balanced risk-benefit evaluation.


--- Page 67 ---

Ce | Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

8. Product Stewardship

Group target 2020:
assessment of the
hazard potential of all
substances > 1 metric
ton p.a.

(See also Chapter
1.4 for Group target

To assess the effects of our products, especially on human health, but also on nature and the environ-
ment, animal studies are legally required. Wherever possible, we use existing data or approved alterna-
tive test methods to avoid animal studies. We set high animal welfare standards in this regard. For more
information, see the section “Focusing on Animal Welfare.”

The safe handling of chemicals is a top priority in the manufacture of our products (see also Chapter 9).
In Europe we operate under strict legal requirements. We voluntarily apply comparable standards around
the world, independent of the respective national legislation. In this way we exceed statutory require-
ments and are ensuring that substance assessments comparable to those established under REACH will
also be applied at Bayer sites that are not subject to this European regulation. How we aim to realize this
target is established in our Bayer Group Regulation “Substance Information and Availability.”

To ensure the safe handling of chemicals, risk assessments are carried out applying recognized scien-
tific methods such as the Guidance on Information Requirements and Chemical Safety Assessment of
the EcHA (European Chemicals Agency).

Should the assessment or new findings reveal that it is not safe to use a certain chemical, we take the
steps to mitigate risks. We support our customers in the safe handling and use of our products through
close, trust-based cooperation. Bayer compiles material safety data sheets for all products regardless of
whether or not they are legally required. All end consumer products come with suitable packaging
information, an example being package inserts for pharmaceuticals.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-4.

Risk mitigation measures can range from revised application recommendations through the with-
drawal of support for a certain application to the substitution of a substance. In this case, a replace-
ment substance must be sought that is economically and technically feasible. The substitution of
chemicals is basically a continuous task of the chemical and pharmaceutical industry to obtain new

or substantially improved products and processes. This is integral to our commitment to Responsible
Care.

Material safety data sheets are the central means of communication for safety-relevant information
about substances and mixtures in the supply chain. Targeting professional users, they contain infor-
mation on the substance’s properties and on the safe use of the substance or mixture. In addition,
technical information is provided for professional use.

In accordance with the respective product safety and information obligations, all subgroups compile
product information — regardless of whether it is for raw materials, intermediates or end products. To
ensure worldwide access to this information, Bayer uses appropriate 1r systems, including those for

product labeling. This data compilation is updated accordingly whenever new legal requirements are
established.

Another important element of our product stewardship is the monitoring of all products that are

already on the market. We have established processes in all subgroups aimed at addressing inquiries on
product safety or problems with our products. This feedback and these experiences are systematically
accounted for in our assessment of risks, which also covers substances that are regarded as potentially
high-risk by regulatory authorities and independent institutions.


--- Page 68 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss Be
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

In all subgroups, we examine additional steps that go beyond the legally required disposal 1 See Chapter 10.5
specifications.

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP IN THE USE OF BIOTECHNOLOGY
Biotechnological methods are used for product development in our Pharmaceuticals and Crop Protec-
tion businesses.

Biotechnology has already gained significant importance in pharmaceutical product development. The
HealthCare products Betaferon™/Betaseron™, Eylea™ and Kogenate™ are manufactured by a biotech-
nological process. Further biotechnologically manufactured active ingredients are undergoing clinical
development.

Plant biotechnology can improve crop yields, yield security and the stress tolerance of plants through
both genetic engineering and conventional breeding methods but with the same input of resources.

Safety is Bayer’s top priority in the use of biotechnology, too. Beyond our observance of all relevant
legal provisions, we have formulated a Bayer Group Regulation “Position on the Responsible Use of
Gene Technology” and specific regulations for HealthCare and CropScience. We provide our stakehold-
ers with comprehensive, transparent and reliable information about our products and services in ac-
cordance with our Bayer Responsible Marketing & Sales Policy.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-5,

HealthCare has established strict safety measures for handling biological agents in research,
development and production in its “Biological Safety” regulation and its “Requirements for the safe
handling of biological agents” procedure.

CropScience has included the responsible measures taken when utilizing plant biotechnology in both
the Product Stewardship Policy and the Seeds Stewardship Directive. CropScience maintained its fo-
cus on product stewardship for customers both within and outside the company through its activities
in the context of the industry’s Excellence Through Stewardship Program (ETS). Audits by ETS-
certified auditors are required to maintain our ETs membership, and in 2015 CropScience successful-
ly completed audits of its operations in Brazil and Argentina which included for the first time the new
ETS Insect Resistance Management best practices for biotechnology-derived plant products.

FOCUSING ON ANIMAL WELFARE

Animal studies are legally required and essential from a scientific viewpoint to assess the safety and
efficacy of pharmaceuticals and other chemical compounds. We aim to minimize the use of study ani-
mals and to employ replacement and complementary methods wherever possible.

In our handling of animals, we respect all legal requirements pertaining to animal welfare. Bayer’s
principles on animal welfare and animal studies apply in countries without special animal welfare
legislation, and in the case of external studies compliance with these guidelines is contractually agreed.
Bayer’s in-house Global Animal Welfare Committee — comprised of the animal welfare officers at our
research sites and further Bayer experts —- monitors compliance with our principles on animal welfare
and animal studies within the Bayer Group and in external studies. It defines supplementary standards
that are essential for carrying out animal studies in the Bayer Group.

Bayer ensures that international and national laws and directives are strictly observed during all animal
studies. This is verified by both regulatory authorities and internal audits. Bayer additionally deploys its
own animal welfare experts at all sites at which animal studies are carried out.


--- Page 69 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

6 www. Our principles also apply to both the research institutes we commission and our suppliers, whose
animalstudies. compliance with our animal welfare requirements we regularly monitor. The information provided in
bayer.com

supplier self-evaluations is verified through on-site audits. Current figures and further information are
available on our website.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-6

The Global Animal Welfare Committee has defined performance criteria. Each year we analyze the
development of animal numbers, the distribution according to species, the burden placed on our test
animals and the ratio of regulatorily required studies to exploratory studies, and discuss possible
steps in accordance with the 3rs principle (replace, reduce, refine). We are thus able to demonstrate
that since 2005 the number of study animals used per €1 million research budget (including animals
in Bayer studies performed by contract research organizations) has declined from 96 animals to
around 31 animals in 2015.

We continuously update our internal database, which combines all information about our own animal
studies and the evaluation of our cooperation partners and makes it available to all employees in this
area. All subgroups apply clear rules to ensure that animal welfare standards are comprehensively
observed by our partners.

Bayer also participates in several European consortia that aim to reduce the number of animal stud-
ies or improve their validity, such as the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal
Testing (EPAA). HealthCare is involved in the leadership of the eTOX project and the MaRcaR and
K4pD projects of the Innovative Medicines Initiative (1m1). Bayer is a member of the scientific adviso-
ry boards of the European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals (zcETOC) and the
Long Range Research Initiative (LR1). In Germany, we support the Foundation for the Promotion of
Alternate and Complementary Methods to Reduce Animal Testing (SET).

PROTECTION AGAINST PRODUCT COUNTERFEITING

Counterfeit medicines and crop protection products harbor substantial risks for patients and consumers.
Product counterfeiting is a global problem that can only be addressed internationally through a joint
approach by industry, associations, governmental agencies and nongovernmental organizations. Bayer
consistently advocates the strengthening and expansion of existing laws and provisions aimed at the
identification and confiscation of illegal products. We try to protect patients and our products through
extensive measures of our own.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8-7
& www.bayer.com/ The focus of HealthCare’s activities is on raising awareness and providing information to ensure the

beware-of- clear identification of our original products, as well as on legal steps aimed at minimizing illegal

terfeit yi teal! . A . .

counnenens trade. Through our “Beware of Counterfeits” campaign, we inform patients on the internet about the
risks of counterfeit pharmaceuticals and provide patients with tips on how they can protect them-

selves. Through the use of various technological means in production, we constantly strive to ensure

that patients, too, can distinguish between original and counterfeit products.

We also support the establishment of a Europe-wide system for the identification of original pharma-
ceuticals that satisfies the requirements of the £.u. Falsified Medicine Directive. In addition, Bayer
participates in the Pharmaceutical Industry Initiative to Combat Crime (P1cc) of Interpol to counter-
act pharmaceutical counterfeiting through global prosecution and the elimination of related criminal
networks. We participate in the SecurPharm initiative in Germany. Since 2015, Bayer has contributed
its expertise to a research project (ALPhA) supported by the German Ministry of Education and Re-
search to prevent the sale of counterfeit pharmaceuticals on the internet.

6 www.illegal For crop protection products, too, a worldwide increase in the trade of counterfeit and illegal prod-
pesticides.eu/ ucts can be observed. According to a study conducted in 2015 on behalf of the European Commis-
sion, such products account for an average of 10% of the total market across all E.U. member states.
To protect against the import of counterfeit and illegal crop protection products into the £.u., Crop-
Science intensively advocates the uniform interpretation and implementation of existing E.u. regula-
tions in all E.u. member states. In addition to supporting regulatory authorities with the identification


--- Page 70 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss es
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

of counterfeit products through chemical analysis, we conduct our own inspections in the market and
also actively support initiatives by associations.

To educate about the potential dangers and risks of counterfeit and illegal crop protection products,
we provide information material and train customers, dealers, farmers and regulatory authorities as
part of our product stewardship programs. We document all indications of suspicious and potentially
counterfeit or illegal CropScience products in an established, systematic process. CropScience’s ef-
forts yield measurable results: in 2015, for example, we successfully asserted our patent protection
rights against an illegal Chinese producer. In Brazil, counterfeit CropScience products with a market
value in the double-digit million range were confiscated.

8.1 HealthCare

BENEFIT-RISK MANAGEMENT FOR MEDICINAL PRODUCTS AND MEDICAL DEVICES
Patient safety is Bayer’s top priority. HealthCare continuously assesses the medical benefit-risk balance
of its medicinal products and medical devices throughout their entire product life cycle. The efficacy,
safety and tolerability of pharmaceuticals and their behavior in the body are studied in Phases 1-111 of
preclinical and clinical development. The documentation submitted to the regulatory authorities con-
tains the results of these studies and comprehensive information on the product's benefit-risk assess-
ment. Marketing authorization is only granted for a product if it satisfies the safety requirements of the
health and regulatory authorities.

Following registration, HealthCare continues to compile safety-relevant information in an internal
pharmacovigilance database. This information is continuously evaluated and the risk-benefit balance
regularly assessed by medical experts in the Global Pharmacovigilance Department. In this process,
Bayer works closely with the responsible regulatory and supervisory authorities at the international and
national levels. These include the u.s. Food and Drug Administration (rpa), the European Medicines
Agency (EMA) and Germany’s Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices (BfArM).

Additional safety-relevant information is also compiled using Post-Authorization Safety Studies (pass)
conducted after approval. Protocols and summaries of pass results are entered into the pass registry in
compliance with £.u. pharmacovigilance legislation.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.1-1

HealthCare has a global pharmaceutical monitoring system in which experts from various disciplines
work together in functional safety management teams (SMTs). These teams jointly evaluate the avail-
able benefit and safety data and other relevant product information so as to identify potential safety
concerns at an early stage or detect possible changes in the benefit-risk ratio. In addition to internal-
ly compiled safety data from clinical trials, post-marketing studies and ad hoc information on adverse
side effects, the company’s experts conduct assessments using external databases and the infor-
mation contained in scientific publications. sts produce detailed safety risk management plans.
These plans are updated as soon as relevant new benefit-risk data become available. Implementation
of risk mitigation activities is coordinated by local smts in the country organizations. All processes
are documented, regularly updated and integrated into a quality management system.


--- Page 71 ---

CC a | Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

8. Product Stewardship

( See Chapter 7.2

Should risks be identified during this assessment, Bayer immediately undertakes suitable steps to safe-
guard the health of patients — such as updating product information for patients and physicians. Further
elements of risk mitigation programs can include targeted information, e.g. patient education brochures
and training measures for medical specialists, as well as direct communication with medical experts
(Direct Healthcare Professional Communication, pHPc) and even product withdrawals if necessary.
These measures are coordinated with the competent authorities.

HealthCare’s quality and risk management functions also make further contributions to increased safety.
We examine external and internal quality assurance requirements for our products through systematic
internal audits — not just in research and development, but also in production. These audits also cover
both institutes sub-contracted by us and our suppliers. More information on our quality management
can be found in Chapter 7.2 “Production.”

In line with the statutory requirements, strict safety and quality standards also apply to animal health
products. Within the scope of the approval/authorization procedures, Animal Health also carries out
studies in order to ensure the quality, efficacy and safety of its products.

ANALYSIS OF RESIDUES OF PHARMACEUTICALS IN THE ENVIRONMENT

Active pharmaceutical ingredients can enter the environment, either through human or livestock excre-
ta, improper disposal of unused medicines or during the production process. HealthCare carries out
ecotoxicological investigations of the environmental behavior of residues and degradation products to
assess the potential environmental impact of our pharmaceutical products. In accordance with applica-
ble law regarding human and veterinary pharmaceuticals, an environmental risk assessment takes place
for all active ingredients for which the company is targeting an approval procedure in Europe or the
United States. Here it must be examined whether significant risks may arise for the environment when
the pharmaceuticals are used as instructed.

Based on currently available information derived from measurements carried out by authorities and
scientific institutes, the existing concentrations of individual active pharmaceutical ingredients from
human or veterinary medicines in drinking water do not have any adverse effects on human health. This
subject is dealt with in particular by a wHo report on pharmaceuticals in drinking water published in
2012 that comes to the conclusion that traceable effects on human health through the current extent of
exposure via drinking water are highly improbable. This estimation corresponds with the studies by
national authorities and institutes known to us.

In the production of our pharmaceuticals, internal company wastewater threshold values ensure that no
risk to the environment results from the release of traces of active ingredients in wastewater from our
production sites. All HealthCare production sites worldwide are evaluated with regard to these threshold
values. Site-specific measures aimed at a further reduction are taken should it not be possible to ob-
serve these standards over the long term. This includes substance-specific measures such as filtration,
evaporation, oxidation, incineration or biological clarification in wastewater treatment plants.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.1-2

Within the scope of our product stewardship, we actively participate in research projects
aimed at further studying pharmaceutical residues in the environment and introducing target-
ed measures to prevent them.

Since 2015, we have coordinated the “Intelligence-led Assessment of Pharmaceuticals in the
Environment” project in Europe, which seeks new ways to improve environmental risk as-
sessment. To this end, information from toxicological studies, pharmacological modes of ac-
tion and computer-based models are analyzed with the goal of developing models and meth-
ods for determining possible environmental risks of pharmaceutical substances in early devel-
opment stages and prioritizing for further environmental assessment existing substances that
previously have not been evaluated.

Bayer was represented on the Scientific Advisory Board of noPILLS, an £E.u.-sponsored coop-
eration project completed in 2015 and involving several European countries with the goal of
reducing pharmaceutical residues in water. The project demonstrated that a reduction in


--- Page 72 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss Ce
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

pharmaceutical residues in water can only be achieved through cooperation between numer-
ous parties. Educating consumers on the correct disposal of pharmaceuticals, improving
wastewater treatment technology and the collection of excreta in connection with certain med-
icines proved to be effective approaches for achieving this objective.

In Germany, HealthCare participates in the “Risk Management of Emerging Compounds and
Pathogens in the Water Cycle” initiative sponsored by the German Ministry for Education and
Research. HealthCare is a member of the steering committee. The “SAUBER+” ("Clean+”) pro-
ject, which is part of this initiative, deals with the study of wastewater from health care indus-
try facilities that is contaminated with active pharmaceutical ingredients and disease patho-
gens. Here it was determined that these emissions are not higher on average than those from
private households. The reduction of pharmaceutical emissions generally depends on the indi-
vidual active ingredients and should pursue a holistic approach. HealthCare was a member of
the Stakeholder Advisory Board of that project, which was concluded in 2015.

8.2 CropScience

FOCUSING ON PRODUCT SAFETY

Before crop protection products and technologies can be introduced to the market, they must demon-
strate that they are harmless to people and animals and can be used without causing unjustifiable bur-
den on the environment. For this they require official authorization, which is regulated by numerous
international and national laws and provisions. The requirements for marketing authorization, particu-
larly as pertains to the environment, have risen sharply in recent years with the goal of further increas-
ing product safety and minimizing potential risks. CropScience satisfies all the regulatory requirements
of the countries in which our products are sold to protect crops.

Product safety and environmental compatibility of crop protection products and technologies play a
central role in development. CropScience examines the products during the development phase in
stringent tests that are required by law. The tests evaluate a product's mode of action, its ecotoxicologi-
cal and toxicological properties and potential remaining trace concentrations in the plants or the envi-
ronment following proper application. Each new crop protection active ingredient and each new tech-
nology must undergo several years of studies and testing to ensure that it can be applied effectively and
that its use is safe for people, animals and the environment.

It takes roughly 10 years for a crop protection product or technology to complete the entire develop-
ment process including all studies and be launched onto the market. But our product stewardship does
not end there. CropScience also observes the International Code of Conduct on Pesticide Management
of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (rao). The principles of this code cover the
entire life cycle of a product or technology, from its development to its application and beyond. We
implement all major aspects of responsible product handling in our Product Stewardship Program,
which is based on the principles of our Product Stewardship Policy.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.2-1

Even beyond its core business, CropScience participates specifically in projects aimed at increased
product stewardship — such as the Better Sugarcane Initiative, which works to promote sustainable
sugarcane cultivation, and the International Sustainability & Carbon Certification organization, which
is working to establish a system for certifying biomass and bioenergy. We are also a member of the
Round Table for Sustainable Palm Oil Production and the Round Table for Responsible Soy (rtrs). In
2015, we signed an agreement with rtrs to support the certification of soybean production in Brazil.
In the United States, the e3 cotton sustainability program was introduced to support farmers in the
production of sustainably grown cotton, which is much in demand by retailers. Farmers who sign up
for the program commit to ensuring that the cultivation of their cotton is certified as traceable, envi-
ronmentally responsible, economically viable and socially equitable.


--- Page 73 ---

——— | Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

RESPONSIBILITY FOR CUSTOMERS AND PARTNERS

The application of crop protection products requires the greatest possible care. Supporting our custom-
ers and partners in the proper and safe handling of our seed and crop protection products is therefore a
focus of our product stewardship. In this connection, we offer targeted training measures worldwide
particularly for farmers and dealers that are designed to promote the responsible handling of our prod-
ucts and thus improve safety for users, the environment and consumers. These training measures are
carried out in all countries in which our products are sold. Responsibility for their implementation lies
with the country organizations, which align their training concepts to the needs of the respective coun-
tries.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.2-2

‘We maintained our training activities in the Asia and Latin America regions in 2015. In India, Crop-
Science trained farmers in good agricultural practice. We teach them how they can enhance the
growth of their produce, use crop protection products effectively and safely, and thus increase the
quality of their harvested goods. This opens up new ways of marketing their products that help
smallholder farmers in particular to gain increased profit from them.

Our AgroVida program in Latin America comprises various initiatives with which we have been con-
tinuously increasing the farmers’ safety awareness and specialist expertise for more than 20 years.
Safety training offerings for farmers are an important aspect here. In 2015, for instance, we trained
more than 35,100 farmers in the Andean region and almost 30,400 farmers in the Central America
and Caribbean region (excluding Mexico). Together with the international crop protection associa-
tion CropLife, we also carried out safety training measures in numerous African countries in 2015.

Our product stewardship measures also include internal employee training measures. Our Product
Stewardship Policy also provides information on all principles for the responsible handling of our
products, combined with specific instructions for use for our employees and those who work with
our products.

In addition to training activities, we produce manuals explaining the safe use and scope of protective
clothing and the correct storage and disposal of our products. These manuals are available online to our
customers and partners, an example being the “DressCode” containing information on optimal protec-
tive clothing for the handling of our products. They are also distributed in the aforementioned training
courses as brochures or information sheets. Furthermore, we offer farmers our support in implementing
practical steps for user and environmental protection.

Users of our products can contact CropScience through a range of communication channels should they
have complaints or feedback or wish to report any incidents. These include direct contact with our sales
staff; our hotline, which is printed on all our product packaging; and, for example, in Germany, the
“Agrar Telefon” hotline. All incoming product complaints and incidents are locally compiled and pro-
cessed by the respective CropScience experts. Entries necessitating corrective measures are additional-
ly recorded in a global database. An internal Bayer directive governs the processing, communication
and, if necessary, implementation of corrective measures. Employee training courses also take place
regularly here as well.


--- Page 74 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 sa

Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

CROP PROTECTION PRODUCTS IN THE ENVIRONMENT

Stringent legal regulations apply to the approval and use of crop protection products. They are aimed at
protecting the environment from unwanted side effects, as every farmer's livelihood depends on an
intact environment and fertile soil. Responsible Care is extremely important in all areas of agriculture to
minimize possible effects and the discharge of crop protection products outside of the treated crops.
Bayer believes its responsibility includes protecting the environment from emissions and optimizing the
safety of its products through extensive stewardship measures.

Protecting water from agricultural emissions and maintaining good groundwater quality are corner-
stones of the responsible use of water as a natural resource. It cannot be completely ruled out in agri-
cultural practice that substances can leach into groundwater or be emitted into flowing waters and lakes
through surface runoff. Improper disposal of residual liquids following the cleaning of spraying appa-
ratus can also lead to discharges of crop protection products into surface water. The application of crop
protection products is subject to national water protection regulations, including in Europe the require-
ments of the Water Framework Directive. CropScience places particular importance on water protection
and supports agriculture in environmentally friendly land cultivation and the disposal of residual liquids
following the application of crop protection products.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.2-3

In the area of water pollution mitigation, we promote the biological remediation system Phytobac™ 6 www.bayer.com/
to customers. This is intended to prevent point source discharges of crop protection active ingredi- phytobac

ents into water bodies during the disposal of residual liquids that are generated during the filling and

cleaning of spraying devices. There are already some 3,500 Phytobac™ plants in Europe (primarily in

France).

Erosion and runoff processes on agricultural land can also lead to substance emissions into adjacent
water systems. In this context, we are collaborating with external partners on the development of a
web-based geoinformation system for water protection in agriculture. This enables the visualization
of site-related runoff/erosion risks by means of high-resolution risk maps supplemented with suitable
mitigation proposals. It is planned for this system to be used as an advisory tool for water protection
in agriculture.

Pollinator protection is another focus of our product stewardship activities. As a Life Science company
with a long tradition in agriculture and animal health, we know how important healthy bees are — not
just as pollinators for sustainable food production and as honey producers, but also due to the key role
they play in many ecosystems throughout the world. Promoting pollinator health and sustainable agri-
culture is of central importance for our business activity. In our view, protecting honey bees and wild
bees is a matter that concerns society at large; maintaining their health is everyone's responsibility.
Bayer takes its role very seriously in this regard and wants to make a contribution.

In our Bee Care Program, we coordinate and combine all Bayer activities in the area of pollinator health 6 www.beecare.
and pollinator safety in order to advance the development and implementation of suitable solutions. bayer.com
Within the framework of this program, we proactively approach numerous stakeholder groups — includ-

ing industry partners, scientists, farmers, beekeepers, governmental agencies, nongovernmental organ-

izations and representatives of the food value chain — to improve our networks with them, address their

questions and concerns and seek opportunities for cooperating with them in the area of pollinator

health. Bee Care Centers exist in Germany and the United States for this purpose. In 2015, furthermore,

we entered into a collaboration in the area of bee health in Latin America with the Fraunhofer Chile

Research Foundation. A global Bee Care network has now been built up.


--- Page 75 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
8. Product Stewardship

The Bayer Bee Care Program combines our well-founded knowledge in the areas of animal health and
crop protection so as to contribute to protecting pollinator health. The objectives here are to:

+ Develop further solutions to promote bee health so that beekeepers can better fight pests and dis-
ease pathogens

+ Actively promote the bee-friendly use of our innovative solutions (products, technologies and ser-
vices) and to enable involved stakeholder groups to ensure bee safety in farming and gardening

+ Expand and improve pollinators’ food sources to help offset nutritional deficits

* Openly and actively promote an honest dialogue and transparent communication on pollinator health
with all involved stakeholders

+ Exchange knowledge and specialist information with all stakeholder groups and institutions (bee-
keepers, farmers, research institutes, NGOs, political decision-makers and registration authorities)

@ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.2-4
Bee health is impacted by several factors for which Bayer pursues various solutions.

Bayer is investing in the research and development of a new form of application for products to con-
trol the Varroa mite, which scientists consider to be the biggest danger for honey bees. Bayer is also
active in setting up flowering areas that can provide pollinators with a rich food source for pollen and
nectar. The treatment of seed is an important step to protect sensitive crop seedlings from pest pres-
sure. In the sowing of treated seed, however, small amounts of insecticide dust that is potentially
harmful to pollinators can be released. Our “Zero Dust” project and further cooperation projects to
reduce dust emissions help to minimize the dust release.

Bayer is firmly convinced that neonicotinoids are an important insecticide class with beneficial prop-
erties. They are effective against key pests that in many regions have already developed resistances
against other substances. They are especially user-safe due to their low human toxicity. Seed treat-
ment with neonicotinoids is an environmentally friendly application technique because it significant-
ly reduces the likelihood that pollinators and other environmental organisms can come into contact
with crop protection products. Bayer is also convinced that neonicotinoids are safe for bees if they
are used responsibly and properly. This was confirmed by risk evaluations performed during market-
ing authorization reviews by the responsible authorities of countries outside Europe. In Europe,
however, Bayer products that contain two of our neonicotinoid compounds have been prohibited
since 2013 from use in crops that are attractive to bees. The European Commission has recently in-
structed the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to examine all newly available data and reports
from the past two years. The results are expected for the end of 2016.

Bayer has brought the restriction on neonicotinoid use in the E.u. before the Court of Justice of the
European Union in order to clarify the legal basis of the Commission’s decision. This decision is
based on an assessment by the Ersa that in turn is based on neither a validated nor an officially rec-
ognized risk assessment system. With a view to future investment decisions, the company is primari-
ly asking that the court clarify the regulatory framework.


--- Page 76 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss MA
Combined Management Report
9. Safety

8.3 Covestro

The products of Covestro satisfy the most stringent of safety requirements. This does not just apply to
those chemical substances subject to standard review in accordance with the European REACH Regula-
tion. Within the context of the voluntary Global Product Strategy (Gps) of the chemical industry, we also
assess the substances we use and reduce potential health and environmental risks that could result from
our chemicals. The product safety assessments apply to the entire life cycle of a product — from research
and procurement through production and logistics to application, disposal and recycling. Our product
stewardship does not end at the company gate, but also includes suppliers, customers and partners. GPS
is accessible at Covestro through the “Product Safety First” internet portal, and is available worldwide
in seven languages. Through this website, we inform customers and other stakeholders about our activi-
ties and product safety assessments.

@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-8.3-1

A product safety assessment at Covestro takes place in several steps: first, chemicals that are sub-
ject to statutory regulations are identified and the corresponding laws compiled. Then we examine
their risk potential to obtain a basis for the effective minimization of risks. Such steps can include
proposals for technical measures such as protective clothing, or marketing restrictions. Finally, we
produce the legally required material safety data sheets, technical information sheets and labeling
for the chemicals. Here we go beyond the extent prescribed by law and also produce these docu-
ments for chemicals that are not subject to this statutory obligation. All product groups undergo
this process.

For especially important products such as MDI, TDI, polycarbonate and polyether, Covestro additionally
works with associations to draw up environmental product declarations and eco-balances certified ac-
cording to Iso 14040 and 14044 based on industry averages.

Covestro follows the scientific discussion about the chemical bisphenol a (Bpa), a feedstock for various 6 www.bayer.com/
plastics with a controversial public profile. Critics are concerned that health risks could result for users COV-BPA

if traces of BPA are released from polymers. As documented by numerous scientifically valid studies,

we are convinced that Bra can be safely used in its existing areas of application — especially those that

involve contact with food. This assessment is consistent with evaluations by the authorities responsible

for food safety in Europe, the United States, Australia, Japan and other countries. In cooperation with

the PlasticsEurope association, we work to make the discussion more objective and more strongly

based on scientific analysis. Covestro actively participates in this dialogue and informs customers and

the public via the internet.

9. Safety

Safety management and the continuous development of a safety culture are a cornerstone of corporate
responsibility in the Bayer Group. Preventing accidents and incidents in day-to-day work, when operat-
ing production facilities, and on work-related travel and transportation routes where people or the envi-
ronment could suffer harm or damage has top priority for us. Responsibility for health, safety, environ-
mental protection and quality (HSEQ) thus lies directly with the Bayer Board of Management. Our HSEQ
activities are geared toward ensuring occupational health and safety, the smooth and safe operation of
our facilities, and the safe transportation of our products. In this way, we also reduce running costs by
avoiding damage and disruptions to work and production.



--- Page 77 ---

2 Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

9. Safety

1 See Chapter 10.1

Group target 2020:
reduction of 35% in
occupational safety
incident rate (RIR)

[See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

At the Group level, responsibilities and framework conditions for HSEQ are regulated through appropri-
ate directives such as our new Bayer Group Regulation “Safety at the Bayer Group.” Operational re-
sponsibility lies with the boards of management/executive boards of the respective subgroups and
service companies and the corresponding line organizations, which have their own management sys-
tems, committees and working groups to steer HSEQ. Continuous review and revision of directives and
regular internal audits and external certification processes ensure our HSEQ management systems at all
sites meet the specific requirements in each case.

Our safety management is based on four pillars:

Safety Pillars (Graphic 3.9.11

Act SAFE, Respect LIFE!

Occupational Health Process
& Safety & Plant Safety

Transportation Safety Product Stewardship

Behavioral Safety Initiative

9.1 Occupational Health and Safety

We regard safeguarding the occupational health and safety of our employees and of contractors and
suppliers working on our company premises and under the supervision of Bayer as one of our core
tasks. This entails preventing work-related accidents and occupational illnesses, identifying and as-
sessing potential hazards, maintaining comprehensive risk management and designing a healthy work-
ing environment.

The rate of occupational injuries with lost workdays at Bayer has been falling for several years. In 2015
intensive training and awareness-raising once again helped enable the Bayer subgroups and service
companies to report an overall reduction in injury figures.

We record all injuries to Bayer employees requiring medical treatment that goes beyond simple first aid.
These are indicated by the Recordable Incident Rate (Rix), which includes both injuries with lost work-
days and those without. In 2015, this rate dropped to 0.42 cases per 200,000 hours worked (2014: 0.43)
throughout the Group, corresponding to 543 occupational injuries worldwide. This means that, in statis-
tical terms, one recordable incident occurred for around every 476,000 hours worked.

The rate of recordable occupational injuries with lost workdays (LrRir, Lost Time Recordable Incident
Rate) also fell. In 2015, it stood at 0.21 (2014: 0.22).

Regrettably, two Bayer employees lost their lives in work-related accidents in 2015. One employee was
killed in a plane crash. Another employee suffered serious burns in a work-related accident at the
Chempark Leverkusen site and later died in a hospital. Investigations into the causes of the latter inci-
dent are still ongoing.


--- Page 78 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 125

Combined Management Report
9. Safety

Occupational Injuries (Table 3.9.11

Occupational injuries to Bayer employees with

lost workdays (LTRIR) 0.31 0.27 0.26 0.22 0.21

Recordable occupational injuries to Bayer

employees (RIR) 0.56 0.49 0.47 0.43 0.42

Fatal injuries (total) 3 2 2 4 2
of which Bayer employees 2 2 1 3 2
of which contractor employees" 1 - 1 1 -

‘Employees working for third parties whose accidents occurred on our company premises and under Bayer supervision

The injury figures varied both within individual regions and between the various subgroups and service
companies and depended, among other aspects, on employees’ range of activities.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.1-1

Recordable Occupational Injuries (RIR") by Region (Table 1
Europe 0.56 0.72 0.62 0.60
North America 0.53 0.49 0.64 0.58
Asia/Pacific 0.21 0.20 0.14 0.12
Latin America/Middle East/Africa 0.54 0.40 0.33 0.41
Total 0.49 0.47 0.43 0.42

*RIR = Recordable Incident Rate

Cases of occupational illness are recorded by us in the countries in which this is legally permissible and
are also included in the trrir parameter, irrespective of whether they are included in the occupational
diseases listed in international registers.

As in previous years, we hardly recorded any sector-typical accidents involving contact with chemicals
in 2015. The absolute number of injuries with lost workdays continued to decline. A significant propor-
tion of our work-related accidents and injuries have behavior-linked causes. To increase the focus on
this area, the Bayer Safety Council headed up by the Chairman of the Board of Management launched
the Behavioral Safety initiative and the program was rolled out in the subgroups in 2015. The subject
was also the focus of our annual global Safety Day in 2015.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.1-2

The Behavioral Safety initiative focuses on the promotion of safety-conscious conduct among em-
ployees. Behavioral safety involves identifying and preventing unsafe working practices and reinforc-
ing and consolidating safe working methods at all levels. This approach is by no means limited to
production but also covers areas of work such as research development, marketing s sales and ad-
ministration. The initiative is rolling out a comprehensive behavioral safety program in the sub-
groups. The first step of this process involved carrying out an assessment of the existing safety cul-
ture at all CropScience production sites in 2015, while the focus at HealthCare was on sites with the
biggest impact on safety performance. At Covestro, a pilot project was conducted at the site in Ant-
werp, Belgium. As a next step, all subgroups carried out both basic training courses for employees
and manager training courses on behavioral safety at a number of these sites. The successfully
launched program will be intensified next year.


--- Page 79 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
9. Safety

We are committed to maintaining and promoting employee health and performance through targeted
shaping of the working environment. As part of our occupational health management activities, we offer
numerous preventive measures, ranging from ergonomic workplaces and stress management to incen-
tive systems to promote healthy behavior. This also includes support for treating illnesses or reintegra-
tion measures.

As Bayer is active in countries with major differences in health care infrastructures and legal frame-
works, the needs and options in health promotion vary. Bayer aims to provide employees with access to
adequate, affordable and targeted health offerings such as regular medical check-ups, sports programs,
help in overcoming illness and on-site medical care.

Our employee representatives are included in operational health management and are actively involved
in its development.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.1-3

At the Bayer European Forum ~ a joint committee of representatives of management and employees
— both parties signed the Luxembourg Declaration on Workplace Health Promotion in the E.u.. Ac-
cording to the declaration, workplace health promotion covers all joint measures by employers, em-
ployees and society to improve health and well-being in the workplace. The objective of the network
is to identify and disseminate best practices on the basis of continuous sharing of experience. So far
around 200 European companies have signed the declaration.

Group-wide initiatives to foster employees’ health and maintain their employability in view of the rise
in the retirement age include, in Germany, the General Works Agreements on lifetime working and
demographic change and on shaping demographic change for nonmanagerial employees at Bayer.
These innovative agreements contain measures to reduce the workload of shift workers from the age
of 55 and of all other nonmanagerial employees in Germany from the age of 57 and ease the return
to work of nonmanagerial employees after long-term illness, along with an extensive health screen-
ing program for all employees. In 2015, More than 97% of those who were eligible took part in the
program to reduce the workload of older employees.

9.2 Process and Plant Safety

We aim to design and operate our processes and facilities in such a way that they do not pose any inap-
propriate risks to employees, the environment or the community. To improve the safety of our produc-
tion facilities and processes worldwide, Bayer is continually working to further develop the safety cul-
ture and the corresponding standards for identifying and evaluating the associated risks. At the same
time, we promote the skills of relevant employees on a regular basis. The corresponding Bayer Group
Regulation “Process and Plant Safety” specifies globally harmonized procedures and standards.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.2-1

In a key move to maintain and raise safety awareness, the globally binding training program for all
Bayer employees who are able to influence process and plant safety in their work environment has
been further enhanced. The process and plant safety training program is firmly anchored in the sub-
groups’ HSEQ management systems. Both traditional and web-based training has been established
for tradespeople and chemical technicians in the production facilities.


--- Page 80 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 is) aie

Combined Management Report
9. Safety

The organization and staffing levels of the Bayer Group's central competence center for process and
plant safety, together with the Group HSEQ Platform for Process and Plant Safety, in Leverkusen, Ger-
many, have been strengthened. Together with the regional competence centers in Shanghai, China, and
Kansas City, Missouri, United States, it works closely together in a professional network with plant
safety experts from production sites all over the world. To improve our risk analysis process, an addi-
tional system audit on the content and completeness of our safety reviews was conducted this year ona
trial basis. This quality improvement measure is due to be rolled out across HealthCare and Crop-
Science next year and will be mandatory.

© ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.2-2

Our experts work in international working groups of the European Chemical Industry Council (cEFIC)
and the American Petroleum Institute with the goal of developing a global reporting standard for key
performance indicators in plant safety. We also are involved in an intensive exchange of experiences
nationally and internationally in this area at an industrial level.

A globally standardized xpi for plant safety incidents, Loss of Primary Containment (LoPC), applies to all Group target 2020
Bayer plants and is integrated into Group-wide safety reporting. LoPC refers, for example, to chemicals eduction of 30%
in amounts above defined thresholds leaking from their primary container, such as pipelines, pumps, ope neat
tanks or drums, and is thus an indicator of incidents in production facilities. We use the LoPC Incident (LoPC-ir)

Rate (LoPC-1r) to determine the number of LoPC incidents per 200,000 working hours in areas relevant

to plant safety. In 2015, this was 0.22 (2014: 0.23). 1D See also

Chapter 1.4 for
Group targets

Rate of Plant Safety Incidents (LoPC-IR) (Table 3.9.2]
ar
LoPC-IR (Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate) 0.38 0.35

More information on the procedures in the case of LoPC incidents can be found in

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.2-3

The causes of every reported incident are carefully analyzed. The evaluations indicate areas where
there is room for further improving the safety of existing facilities. The results of the cause analysis
are published across the Group. The introduction of both the LoPC-1r parameter and the globally es-
tablished training program mentioned above is helping us raise employees’ safety awareness.

The reporting level is set so low that even material and energy leaks that have no impact on employ-
ees, neighbors or the environment are systematically recorded and reported. This approach is in line
with our commitment to maintaining the integrity of our facilities at all times.

The global, comprehensive Bayer Emergency Response System (BayERS) is an overarching early warn-
ing system for the Group. The subgroups and service companies have integrated their internal reporting
procedures into BayERS and adapted them to it.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.2-4

The handling of unusual incidents is the responsibility of the local crisis organization/emergency
response team. For this purpose, organizational precautions with defined responsibilities and proce-
dures have been implemented at the sites/in the countries. Depending on the situation, these involve
business partners and the local community around the sites.


--- Page 81 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
9. Safety

9.3 Transportation Safety

Great importance is attached to transportation safety within the Bayer safety culture. This applies to the
transportation of materials on public transportation routes, particularly in the case of hazardous materi-
als. This includes various processes such as loading and unloading, classification, labeling, packaging
and selecting the right logistics partners.

In a dedicated Bayer Group directive, we have defined procedures that ensure all transported materials
are handled in line with applicable regulations and the potential hazard they pose. Logistics service
providers are selected following a defined procedure, and their fulfillment of safety and quality stand-
ards is assessed. Under the directive, people responsible for transportation safety are appointed in every
organizational unit concerned. As part of our Responsible Care activities, transportation safety instruc-
tions are also drawn up and distribution safety audits performed for nonhazardous materials. We thus
go beyond what is required under transportation legislation. Bayer’s objective is to achieve an appropri-
ate and equally high standard of HsEQ throughout the world and to continuously improve this, particu-
larly regarding transportation processes. The transportation safety and security management of our
subgroups is part of the audit system of the Bayer Group detailed in the Bayer Group Regulation
“Health, Safety, Environment and Quality (HsEQ) Audits,” which was updated in 2015.

The subgroups have also set up a network of transportation safety experts and users with practical
experience to share and harmonize know-how and procedures for transportation and distribution safety
and security including emergency response management and incident reporting. The Transportation
Safety Platform acts as a global forum for exchanging information and standardizing procedures be-
tween the subgroups. In 2015, the platform focused, for example, on regulations management, training
in transportation safety and use of this worldwide, the review of internal process instructions and the
evaluation and selection of our logistics service providers.

In total, well over one million transport movements took place in 2015. Despite our extensive safety
precautions and training activities, residual risks remain and can result in transport incidents. We
classify critical incidents during the transportation of our products as transport incidents. These in-
clude accidents that cause personal injury or significant damage to property and environmental impact
through the release of substances or leakage of hazardous materials. We record transport incidents
using defined criteria. Assessment is based on the spilled load, graded according to the volume and
dangerous goods class, personal injury and blocked transportation routes. We take into account both
our own chemical transport movements and those we commission and pay third parties to perform on
our behalf. We carefully analyze and evaluate all transport incidents so that adequate steps can be
taken to prevent a recurrence.


--- Page 82 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 sail

Combined Management Report

9. Safety
TRANSPORT AND ENVIRONMENTAL INCIDENTS

The number of transport incidents in 2015 was 12, the same as last year. These were mainly traffic Group target 2020
accidents. reduction of 30% in

transport incidents

In recent years most transport incidents occurred at Covestro. For this reason, as a Life Science
company Bayer will refrain from continuing with the relevant Group target in the future. Instead, we
shall endeavor to minimize the number of such incidents through preventive measures.

1) See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

©® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.3-1

Transport Incidents by Means of Transport (Table 3.9.2-11
Road 6 6 8 11 1
Rail 1 0 0 1 1
Inland waterways 0 0 0 0 0
Sea 0 0 3 0 0
Air 0 0 0 0 0
Pipeline 0 0 0 0 0
Total 7 6 11 12 12

The number of environmental incidents fell from four to two in 2015. Bayer uses the term “environmen-
tal incidents” to define incidents in the course of our business activities that result in the release of
substances into the environment. Factors that determine whether there is a reporting obligation include,
in particular, the nature and quantity of the substance, the amount of damage caused and any conse-
quences for nearby residents. In accordance with our internal voluntary commitment, we report any
leakage of substances with a high hazard potential from a quantity of 100 kg upward.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.3-2

Number of Environmental Incidents [able 3.9.2-21

2011 2012 2014 2015
3 5 10 4 2

Environmental incidents

In total there were 13 incidents reported in 2015, one of which had to be classified both a transport and
an environmental incident. A detailed overview of the transport and environmental incidents can be
found in the table below.


--- Page 83 ---

Ss | Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
9. Safety

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-9.3-3

Environmental and Transport Incidents 2015" (Table 3.9.2-3]
Environ- Personal
mental _ Transport injury

Covestro, Illinois, United States, January 15, 2015

Ata truck parking lot, approximately 7,600 liters of 36% hydrochloric acid escaped from a leaky

tanker and entered a wastewater pipe, from where it continued in a diluted form into the

wastewater treatment system. No injuries or hazards occurred. x No

Covestro, Hubli, India, January 18, 2015
Approximately 1,200 kg of product (hazardous polyisocyanate) leaked from a truck in a transport
incident. Specialist staff ensured expert cleanup and disposal. x No

Covestro, California, United States, February 7, 2015

A tanker was accidentally overfilled during loading, resulting in around 1,150 liters of TDI

(hazardous material) leaking into the collection area of the filling station. No injuries or hazards

occurred x No
Covestro, Ward Creek, United States, May 31, 2015

In an accident, an overturned truck tractor lost 1,500 liters of MDI, which spilled onto the road and

into the surrounding area. This accident was also classified as an environmental incident. The
product was cleaned up in a professional manner. No injuries occurred. x x No

Covestro, Helsinki, Finland, June 4, 2015

An IBC? was damaged in a vehicle transport incident at a site belonging to the postal service. An

unquantified amount (maximum capacity of the IBC 1,000 kg) of Bayhydrol escaped. 24 people

were endangered by the product leak, 12 of whom underwent hospital examinations as a

precaution and were discharged the same day. The product was cleaned up and disposed of in a

professional manner. x No

Covestro, Budapest/Sibiu, Hungary, June 8, 2015
The driver of a tanker was killed in a traffic accident. No product was spilled. x Yes

Covestro, Antwerp, Belgium, August 18, 2015

Due to incorrect operation during transfer between a tank container and a flexitank, the flexitank

burst and lost approximately 6,000 kg of Desmophen (not a hazardous material). No injuries or

hazards occurred. x No

Covestro, Dormagen, Germany, September 3, 2015

During unloading, around 150 liters of nitric acid (hazardous material) were accidentally spilled.

An employee who came into contact with the acid was treated at a hospital as a precaution and

was then able to resume work. An investigation into the impact on the environment was initiated x Yes

Covestro, Laredo, United States, September 28, 2015
A forklift truck pierced a drum filled with Desmodur (TDI). 150 kg of the product spilled onto the
loading ramp. The product was cleaned up and disposed of in a professional manner. x No

Covestro, Seelze, Germany, September 30, 2015
Approximately 100 liters of 30% hydrochloric acid escaped from a leaky rail tank car. No injuries
or hazards occurred. An investigation into the incident was initiated. x No

Covestro, Cologne, Germany, October 28, 2015

While a truck was being loaded, a forklift truck accidentally pierced a drum filled with Desmodur |

(hazardous material). 150 liters of the product spilled onto the floor of the warehouse and were

cleaned up and disposed of in a professional manner. No personal injury or environmental damage

occurred x No

Covestro, Martinsburg, United States, December 9, 2015

A truck driver noticed a leak in his tanker. This was caused by a leaky drum filled with Desmodur.

The fire department was notified and cleaned up the spilled liquid on the road surface using

binding agent. The remaining product was transferred to a new drum. x No

Covestro, Charleston, United States, December 16, 2015

Almost 1,900 liters of a polyalcohol spilled from a tanker truck in a traffic accident. The fire

department sealed up the spillage, thus preventing release into the environment. The driver of the

truck was injured in the accident and treated at a hospital. x Yes

¥ Standard practice at Bayer is to record every fatality reported to us relating to our business activities. A difference between the number of fatalities in Table 3.9.1
(occupational injuries) and Table 3.9.2-3 may occur because for occupational injuries, by definition, we indicate only fatalities of Bayer and contractor employees who were
under immediate Bayer supervision

? IBC (intermediate bulk container)


--- Page 84 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 es ee

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

The following incident was recorded and analyzed, but is not classed as an environmental or
transport incident according to Bayer criteria.

Further Incidents Not Considered Environmental or Transport Incidents under Bayer Criteria (Table 3.9.2-4]
Location of the incident Description Comments

CropScience, Muskegon, Small quantity of product At the Muskegon site, a small quantity of product entered
United States, entered the municipal the municipal wastewater system. The local community
October 5, 2015 wastewater system complained about the odor this caused. The responsible

authorities were notified as a precaution. There were no
hazards. Due to the low quantity, the incident is not
classified as an environmental incident.

10. Environmental Protection

Bayer takes its responsibility to protect the environment very seriously. We are continuously working to
reduce the environmental impact of our business activities and find innovative product solutions that
benefit the environment. Our environmental standards apply worldwide.

An efficient approach to raw materials and energy is now both an ecological and economic imperative.
Eco-efficient processes help reduce environmental impact and at the same time cut the costs associated
with materials, energy, emissions and disposal.

Our use of energy sources, water and other resources, as well as the emissions and waste we generate,
are determined to a great extent by just a few factors. Our product portfolio and demand for our prod-
ucts determine the use of materials and energy. At the same time, we continuously improve our produc-
tion processes to make them more resource-friendly and lower the emissions they generate. We meas-
ure how efficiently we use our resources in relation to manufactured sales volume, which does not in-
clude intermediates.

Responsibilities and framework conditions for health, safety, environmental protection and quality
(HSEQ) are stipulated at the Group level, with Group regulations, targets and performance indicators
(KPIs), among other things, serving this purpose. In the field of environmental protection (from, for
example, resource use to air, water and soil emissions and waste generation), operational management
takes place at the subgroup level, with the aid of HsEQ management systems, committees and working
groups.

Our commitment to environmental protection, health and safety extends beyond the scope of legal
requirements. It includes factoring in environmental aspects in a particular way and performing a volun-
tary ecological assessment for capital expenditure projects exceeding €10 million. In the case of acqui-
sitions, we examine prior to the transaction whether the applicable environmental and occupational
safety regulations and fundamental employee rights are complied with at the production sites in ques-
tion.


--- Page 85 ---

2 Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

10. Environmental Protection

(See Chapter 7

10.1 International Standards and Certifications

To maintain high HsEQ standards throughout the Group, Bayer has established appropriate manage-
ment systems that are aligned to acknowledged international standards and are regularly evaluated
and updated. They form an integral part of all our business processes. Regular upkeep of the man-
agement systems and appropriate training and certification also demonstrate our commitment to the
chemical industry's Responsible Care™ initiative and in particular the guidelines of the Responsible
Care Global Charter.

With regard to the coverage of our business activities with HSEQ management systems based on ener-
gy consumption, in 2015 around 96% of our production sites featured an HSE management system
audited by Bayer. Some 93% of our entire business activities were certified externally to at least one
internationally recognized standard. As part of a Group-wide certification plan, it is planned, by 2017,
to achieve virtually complete coverage based on energy consumption by external standards in both
environmental and occupational safety management. One hundred percent coverage is not feasible
owing to the frequent changes in our site portfolio.

Standards and Certifications in % of Business Activities (Based on Energy Consumption) (Table 3.10.1]
Certification to external standards
ISO 14001 certification/ EMAS validation 66 84 84 1 93
Certified to OHSAS 18001" 27 30 30 34 80
Certified to ISO 50001? - - - 40 47
Degree of coverage with certification to at
least one of the above standards 87 89 90 95 93

HSE management systems internally
audited by Bayer
HSE management systems audited by Bayer 99 99 99 94 96

"The rise in 2015 is due to enhanced OHSAS 18001 certification at Covestro sites.
2 Group values determined from 2014 onward

All subgroups also have industry-specific international quality management systems such as ISO 9001,
ISO 17025, ISO 13485 or GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice). Group-wide, the coverage by this kind of
certification is over 98%. More information about quality management in the various subgroups can be
found in Chapter 7 “Procurement, Production, Logistics, Distribution.”

10.2 Energy Consumption

In 2015, we succeeded in reducing the Group's total energy consumption by 2.5% to 83.2 petajoules.
Basically, we differentiate between primary energy consumption — mainly of fossil fuels for our own
generation of electricity and steam — and secondary energy consumption that reflects the purchase of
electricity, steam and refrigeration energy and the use of process heat.


--- Page 86 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 a

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

Primary energy consumption fell by 5.7%. This was mainly due to the reduction in natural gas, which
was primarily achieved through more efficient facility operation at the Uerdingen site in Germany. The
use of coal was approximately at the same level as the previous year, while consumption of liquid fuels
and other primary energy sources was reduced. Waste utilization was significantly higher than the
previous year, mainly owing to the use of liquid waste as a source of energy at Covestro’s site in
Caojing, China. Secondary energy consumption rose by 1.1%. The use of electricity declined, while
consumption of steam and process heat was higher than in 2014 (see Table 3.10.2).

The drop in total energy consumption (primary and secondary energy sources) was mainly caused by
lower energy needs at the Leverkusen and Uerdingen sites in Germany. Moreover, the partial shutdown
of production facilities at the Belford Roxo site in Brazil also contributed to a reduction in total energy
consumption.

In 2015, Bayer’s manufactured sales volume rose by 2.7%. We were able to slightly improve our Group target 2020:
energy efficiency, which we define as the total energy consumption in megawatt hours (MWh) per improvement of 10%
metric ton of manufactured sales volume, from 3.37 MWh/t in 2014 to 3.34 MWh/t in 2015. This once energy
development confirms the trend of a decoupling of manufactured sales volume from energy con-

sumption identified in previous years. This brings us closer to our Group target of improving energy CO See also Chapter

efficiency by 10% by 2020. 1.4 for Group
targets

Energy Consumption in the Bayer Group (Table 3.10.21

Primary energy consumption
for the in-house generation of

electricity & steam (TJ) 50,096 49,047 47,582 45,572 42,996
Natural gas 31,162 30,411 29,796 31,580 28,813
Coal 16,776 15,954 15,094 12,611 12,755
Liquid fuels 660 656 416 421 350
Waste 515, 1,005 1,282 833 1,523
Other’ 983 1,021 994 127 (445)

Secondary energy consumption

(net, T) 34,846 34,137 33,266 39,745 40,186
Electricity? 25,475 25,849 25,560 27,177 25,977
Steam 1,054 (121) (801) 3,579 4,694
Steam from waste heat (process heat) 9,000 9.144 9,146 9,639 9,974
Refrigeration energy (683) (735) (639) (650) (459)

Total energy consumption (TJ) 84,942 83,184 80,848 85,317 83,182

Energy efficiency? (MWh/t) 3.63 3.50 3.44 3.37 3.34

¥E.g. hydrogen

? Secondary energy consumption for electricity is based on the raw material mix of the country concerned.

3 Energy efficiency is the quotient of total energy consumption and manufactured sales volume. For Covestro, this includes neither the secondary
products sodium hydroxide solution and hydrochloric acid generated in production nor trade products


--- Page 87 ---

CS Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

More than 90% of our own energy generation comes from combined heat and power processes.
These efficient power plants convert approximately 80% of the fuel energy used into electricity and
heat. In addition, we purchase electricity on the market — through energy exchanges, for example. The
electricity and heat generated and purchased are used in our own production facilities and third-party
6 www.bayer.com/ facilities (especially of Lanxess Deutschland GmbH as the other shareholder of our service company
CDP-climate Currenta). The proportion of renewable energies is determined by the energy mix of our energy sup-
pliers. We comment in detail on these issues in our cpp (previously Carbon Disclosure Project) Report.

10.3 Air Emissions

At Bayer, air emissions are caused mainly by the generation and consumption of electricity, steam and
process heat. Our commitment to greater energy efficiency helps reduce both costs and emissions. We
also aim to contribute to climate protection on several levels. We have set ambitious targets for resource
efficiency and established relevant measures across the Group.

Our commitment is divided into three areas:
Group target
Covestro: 1. More efficient production: we aim to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases in our own produc-
improvement in tion facilities by increasing energy efficiency, using combined heat and power generation in our power
production process . . . - 5
technology to plants and developing and marketing new, more climate-friendly technologies. Thanks to our own ener-
achieve better gy management systems and production and process innovations, considerable resources have been
energy efficiency saved in recent years. Energy efficiency projects resulting from structese™ (Structured Efficiency
System for Energy) implemented since 2008 lead to annual savings. Taking into account all sustainable
6 www.bayer.com/ savings effects since the system was introduced, these savings amounted to 1.55 million MWh in the

COV-production area of primary energy consumption in 2015.

2. Reducing emissions using market solutions: our products play their part in saving energy and con-
serving resources in many different ways. We are able to help our customers in the areas of building
insulation, lightweight construction and agriculture in particular. We provide solutions both for reducing
emissions and for adapting to climate change. These include state-of-the-art crop protection products
that enable higher yields, new cultivation methods such as precision farming and the development of
crops that are better able to cope with stress factors such as extreme temperatures and aridity. You can
read more, for example, about combating the growing threat of malaria — resulting from climate change
1 See also Chapter4 = — in the CropScience section of Chapter 4 “Research, Development, Innovation.”

3. Reducing emissions in nonproduction areas of Bayer: this includes — with the planned reduction of
specific co, emissions of newly registered vehicles to 110 g/km through 2020 — an ambitious reduction
target for our vehicle fleet, optimized logistics and enhancement of the environmentally friendly creden-
tials of our information and communication technologies (Green IT). Through our EcoFleet initiative, co,
emissions of newly registered vehicles for our global fleet of over 25,000 vehicles were reduced by a
further 7 g/km to 141 g/km in 2015.


--- Page 88 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015, Ss Ph
Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS.

Bayer reports all Group greenhouse gas emissions in line with the requirements of the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol (GHG Protocol). Direct emissions from our own power plants, waste incineration plants and
production facilities (corresponding to Scope 1 of the Gu Protocol) and indirect emissions that result
from the external procurement of electricity, steam and refrigeration energy (Scope 2) are determined at
all production locations and relevant administrative sites.

Dual reporting was introduced in 2015 with the updating of the GHG guidelines for Scope 2. According
to this, indirect emissions have to be reported using both the location-based and the market-based
methods. The location-based method uses regional or national average emissions factors, while the
market-based method uses provider- or product-specific emissions factors. From 2015, we are reporting
for the first time in line with the new guideline, shown retroactively to 2012. To ensure the comparabil-
ity of the data we are additionally reporting according to the previous system once more this year.

Group Greenhouse Gas Emissions" (Table 3.10.31
Million metric tons of CO2 equivalents

Direct greenhouse gas emissions? 4.23 4.24 4.09 4.02 4.41

Indirect greenhouse gas emissions*, according to the

previous method (reported until 2014) 3.92 4.12 4.29 4.70 4.64

Indirect greenhouse gas emissions*, according to the

location-based method (reported from 2015) - 471 4.85 5.03 4.94

Indirect greenhouse gas emissions*, according to the

market-based method (reported from 2015) -* 4.72 4.91 5.53 5.30

Total greenhouse gas emissions, according to the

previous method (reported until 2014) 8.15 8.36 8.37 8.72 9.05

Total greenhouse gas emissions, according to the

market-based method (reported from 2015) > 8.96 9.00 9.55 9.71

Specific greenhouse gas emissions (t CO2e/t), according

to the previous method (reported until 2014)* 0.95 0.98 1.00 1.02 1.09

Specific greenhouse gas emissions (t CO2e/t),

according to the market-based method (reported from

2015)° > 1.06 1.09 1.12 1.19

* Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the GHG Protocol

? In 2015, 86.8% of emissions were COz emissions, 12.7% NO emissions, just under 0.5% partially fluorinated hydrocarbons and 0.04%
methane.

2 Typically, CO2 in incineration processes accounts for over 99% of all greenhouse gas emissions. When determining indirect emissions, our
calculations are therefore limited to CO».

4 Back calculation using the market-based method is only possible from 2012, as the RE-DISS factors needed for the calculation were only available
for the first time for that year.

5 The market-based method of the new Scope 2 GHG Protocol most reliably reflects the indirect emissions and the success of emissions reduction
measures, so we used emissions volumes calculated using this method when calculating the total and specific greenhouse gas emissions.

© Specific Group emissions are calculated from the total volume of direct emissions and indirect - calculated using the market-based method of the
new Scope 2 GHG Protocol ~ emissions of the subgroups, including the emissions at the Belford Roxo site and emissions from the vehicle fleet,
both reported for the Group as a whole, divided by the manufactured sales volume of the three subgroups in metric tons. Quantities attributable to
the supply of energy to external companies are deducted from the direct and indirect emissions. At Covestro, neither the by-products sodium
hydroxide solution and hydrochloric acid generated during production nor trade products are included in the manufactured sales volume.


--- Page 89 ---

RR Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report

10. Environmental Protection

Group target 2020:
reduction of 20% in
specific greenhouse
gas emissions

1D See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

The total volume of Group-wide greenhouse gas emissions rose by 1.7% (Scope 2 market-based) in
2015. Broken down, direct emissions rose by 9.7%, while indirect emissions fell by 4.1% (Scope 2
market-based). The rise in direct emissions is largely due to higher nitrous oxide emissions caused by a
significant increase in nitric acid production at the site in Caojing, China, and to additional emissions
from the incineration of liquid and thermal waste there. Another reason was increased energy consump-
tion by third parties at the CropScience site in Institute, United States.

In line with our Group target we are endeavoring to reduce specific greenhouse gas emissions (total
emissions divided by the manufactured sales volume) by 20% through 2020. 2015 saw a rise of 6.0%
(Scope 2 being calculated according to the market-based method) owing mainly to the effects described
above.

© ONLINE ANNE

3-10.3-1

Even though a significant proportion of our direct emissions comes from the generation of energy
that is delivered to other companies, we include all greenhouse gas emissions from the conversion of
primary energy sources into electricity, steam or refrigeration energy in our energy balance, in line
with the regulations of the GHG Protocol. Consequently, our absolute figures for greenhouse gas
emissions are higher than the actual emissions resulting from Bayer’s business activities. The level of
specific greenhouse gas emissions is a more meaningful statistic. This indicates only the greenhouse
gas emissions for which Bayer is directly responsible in relation to the manufactured sales volumes
of the three Bayer subgroups.

Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Subgroup and Service Company" (Table 3.10.3-11

Total direct and indirect emi
tons of CO2 eq

HealthCare 0.57 0.57 0.57
CropScience 0.99 0.97 1.05
Covestro 5.42 6.27 6.41
Currenta? 1.92 1.62 1.47

Specific greenhouse gas emissions at Covestro
(metric tons of CO2 equivalents per metric ton of
manufactured sales volume)* 0.93 0.97 1.03 1.10

* The indirect emissions were calculated according to the market-based method. Since the RE-DISS factors needed for this were only available
from 2012 on, the data are only indicated for the past 4 years.

? Emissions from the Bayer Group's vehicle fleet have been recorded since 2012, but not specific to any subgroup, and are assigned to the
direct Group emissions in Table 3.10.3. In 2015, fleet emissions amounted to 0.14 million metric tons of CO2 equivalents.

3 The emissions reported for Currenta are attributable to the provision of energy to external companies at the Chempark sites.

“The by-products sodium hydroxide solution and hydrochloric acid generated during production are not included in the manufactured sales
volume, nor are trade products

5 The emissions from the production site in Belford Roxo, Brazil, totaling 0.06 million metric tons of CO2 equivalents, are not included in this
table but are reported for the Group as a whole in Table 3.10.3.

In 2015, the waste incineration plants operated by Currenta generated just under 1 million metric
tons of steam from the incineration of more than 250,000 metric tons of hazardous waste from the
Chempark sites and some external production companies. Compared to using fossil energy sources,
the use of this steam enables approximately 200,000 metric tons less CO, TO BE EMITTED per year.

The reporting of all relevant indirect emissions resulting from the value chain is bindingly regulated by
the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting & Reporting Standard. Following a thor-

ough examination, Bayer has identified nine essential Scope 3 categories, which we report on in detail

in the cpp Report. We take particular account of those emissions where there is significant potential for
reduction e.g. our transport-related emissions resulting from business trips.


--- Page 90 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 Ss LE
Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

In 2015, the Bayer Group was involved in European emissions trading with 19 plants in total. The
greenhouse gas emissions of these plants amounted to approximately 2.32 million metric tons of co,
equivalents.

OTHER DIRECT EMISSIONS INTO THE AIR

Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ops) fell by 20.7%. Emissions of volatile organic compounds
excluding methane (vocs) decreased by 24.0%. The main source of both types of emissions remains the
CropScience site in Vapi, India, which accounts for 55.4% of voc emissions and 94.3% of ops emis-
sions. The project initiated there four years ago to reduce these emissions continues to have an impact.
voc emissions fell by a further 38.3%. ops emissions there also decreased, by 21.1%. A central waste
air treatment system will go into operation at the Vapi site during 2016. This will bring together the
many different sources of emissions there and cause another significant reduction in these emissions.

Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) (Table 3.10.4]
ODS in metric tons p.a. 16.3 16.3 15.7 14.8 11.7

* Ozone-depleting substances (ODS) in CFC-11 equivalents

Emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)" (Table 3.10.5]
VOC in 1,000 metric tons p.a. 2.69 2.60 2.27 2.12 1.61
VOC in kg per metric ton of manufactured sales

volume 0.2457 0.2316 0.2047 0.1864 0.1379

* Volatile organic compounds (VOC) without methane

Emissions of sulfur dioxide fell by 4.1%. Particulate emissions also declined, in this case by 8.9%,
caused by reductions at Covestro’s sites in Baytown, Texas, United States, and Caojing, China. Emis-
sions of nitrogen oxides, on the other hand, rose by 2.4% and of carbon monoxide by 2.1%. Both
increases could essentially be attributed to differences in the types of coal used at the Uerdingen site
in Germany.

©® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.3-2

Other Important Direct Air Emissions (Table 3.10.5-11

1,000 metric tons p.a.

co 1.31 1.00 0.94 0.91 0.93
NOx 3.66 3.07 2.51 2.36 2.42
SOx 2.27 1.85 1.32 1.22 1.17

Particulates 0.18 0.18 0.16 0.25 0.23



--- Page 91 ---

138

Bayer Annual Report 2015,

Combined Management Report

10. Environmental Protection

Group target 2017:
establishment of water
management at all
sites in water-scarce
areas

[See also Chapter
1.4 for Group
targets

6 www.bayer.com/
CDP-water

10.4 Use of Water and Emissions into Water

The continuous availability of clean water in sufficient quantities is essential for supplying our produc-
tion sites and the surrounding areas. However, this can no longer be taken for granted in many parts of
the world. We plan to design our water supply in such a way that industrial water usage continues not
to lead to local problems such as a shortage of water for the people living in the area.

Our Water Position commits us to compliance with international and local legislation and to fulfilling the
strictest requirements worldwide while at the same time ensuring the reliable operation of our produc-
tion facilities. The goal is to protect water as a resource and use it efficiently.

In their respective directives, our subgroups have defined responsible water use, ranging from re-
source-friendly usage to appropriate disposal of wastewater, and anchored implementation in their HSEQ
management systems.

As part of our Water Position, we used the wscsp Global Water Tool™ to identify all Bayer sites that are
located in regions affected or threatened by water shortage. In line with our Group target, these sites
are to establish a water management system with local targets by 2017. The sites concerned are ana-
lyzed annually, including an evaluation of their water usage, quality and discharge data. In addition,
site-specific initiatives that enable the reuse of water and thus contribute to reducing water consump-
tion are also examined and evaluated. Results of the current analysis show that an effective water man-
agement system is already in place at around 58% of the sites examined.

Although the framework conditions for sites can differ very considerably according to region, some
measures successfully implemented at several sites have already been seen to be effective. These in-
clude both in-house water treatment plants to make river water usable and river water reservoirs to
avoid having to take drinking water from local water suppliers even when water levels are low. Further
effective steps for pursuing the water target include continuous analysis of wastewater in line with site-
specific performance indicators and training new employees in responsible water usage.

Awareness of this issue is being raised through ongoing Group-wide dialogue. Equally important in this
is active participation in forums and discussions on this subject with government officials and other
stakeholders. The next step will be to agree specific measures for the targeted development at those
sites with identified potential for improvement.

Bayer supports the czo Water Mandate of the u.n. Global Compact with the goal of working with key
stakeholders to develop sustainable strategies for water usage. In our annual response to the cpp Water
Disclosure, we report in detail on our water usage, the company-specific water footprint and the associ-
ated opportunities and risks. This represents a progress report for the ceo Water Mandate.

WATER CONSUMPTION AND USAGE
In 2015, total water consumption in the Group fell by 1.1% to around 346 million cubic meters.

Some 73% of all water used by Bayer is cooling water. This water is only heated and does not come
into contact with products. It can be returned to the water cycle without further treatment in line with
the relevant official permits. The total volume of once-through cooling water was around 240 million
cubic meters in 2015. In our production activities, we endeavor to use water several times and to recy-
cle it. Water is currently recycled at 35 sites, e.g. in closed cooling cycles, or through the reuse of treat-
ed wastewater or the recirculation of steam condensates as process water. A total of 10.5 million cubic
meters of water were reused in 2015.


--- Page 92 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 sl

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.4-1
The diagram shows the distribution of the different types of water usage within the Bayer Group.

Water Use in the Bayer Group in 2015 (million m2) [Graphic 3.10.0-1]
Sources of water Water usage? Water discharged*
Once-through 240 (76%)
Surface water 212(61%) — . Cooling water 252 (73%) Ginette
%o
Boenclee seni 118 (34%) —| | Losses due to evaporation 12 (4%)
from cooling water circuits
of which & 10 3%)
recycled/reused \¥)
Drinking water 10 (3%) Process wastewater 50 (16%)
supplies ml i with subsequent treatment
%o
othensources 6 (2%) —* Production? 94 (27%) Process wastewater 11 (4%)

without subsequent treatment

‘The differences between volumes of water consumed and water discharged can be explained, for example, by
unquantified losses due to evaporation, leaks, quantities of water used as raw materials in products and volumes of condensate
generated through the use of steam as a source of energy.

2.Sum from production processes, sanitary wastewater and rinsing and cleaning processes in production

Water was essentially obtained from the same sources as in the previous year.

Net Water Intake by Source [Table 3.10.6]
Water consumption (million m? p.a.) 4 384 361 350 346
Proportion from surface water (%) 65 64 63 63 61
Proportion from boreholes/springs (%) 31 32 33 32 34
Proportion from public drinking water

supplies (%) 2 2 3 3 3
Proportion from other sources, generally

rainwater (%) 2 2 2 2 2

WASTEWATER AND WASTEWATER DISCHARGES

The total volume of process wastewater fell by 7.7%. All wastewater is subject to strict monitoring and
analysis before it is discharged into disposal channels. 81.9% of Bayer’s process wastewater world-
wide is purified at wastewater treatment plants (Bayer or third-party facilities). Following careful anal-
ysis, the remaining volume was categorized as environmentally safe according to official provisions.
Part of it contained nutrients and was therefore used to water gardens and agricultural land, as in the
previous year.

Volume of Process Wastewater (Table 3.10.7]

72 65 63 66 61

Volume of process wastewater (million m3)

The goal is to minimize emissions into wastewater. Total emissions of nitrogen compounds into
wastewater fell by 26.1% in 2015. The main factors behind this reduction were the decrease in produc-
tion at CropScience’s Dormagen site in Germany and the fact that the denitrification process at
Covestro’s Baytown site in Texas in the United States operated without interruption again in 2015.
Discharges of phosphates into wastewater rose by 2.0% in 2015. Total organic carbon (ToC) emissions,
however, decreased by 3.3%.


--- Page 93 ---

0 Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

Emissions into Water (Table 3.10.8]
Phosphorus (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 0.08 0.15 0.11 0.10 0.10
Nitrogen (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 0.53 0.70 0.69 0.76 0.56
Nitrogen (kg per metric ton of manufactured

sales volume) 0.0486 0.0624 0.0620 0.0671 0.0483
TOC" (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 1.50 1.42 1.53 1.20 1.16
TOC (kg per metric ton of manufactured

sales volume) 0.137 0.126 0.138 0.105 0.100
Heavy metals (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 0.0108 0.0098 0.0091 0.0063 0.0064
Inorganic salts (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 926 1,048 946 845 927
COD? (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 4.51 4.25 458 3.59 3.48

* Total organic carbon
? Chemical oxygen demand; calculated value based on TOC figures (TOC x 3 = COD)

10.5 Waste and Recycling

Systematic waste management minimizes material consumption and disposal volumes. Safe disposal
channels with separation according to the type of waste and economically expedient recycling process-
es serve this purpose. Production fluctuations and building refurbishment/land remediation work also
influence waste volumes and recycling paths.

In 2015, the total volume of waste generated rose by 4.9%. Although the volume of nonhazardous waste
fell by 2.5%, the volume of hazardous waste generated rose by 11.1%. This contrast is largely due to
the re-categorization of fluidized bed ash from the power plant at the Chempark Leverkusen site, which
now has to be classified as hazardous waste. Increased production at the sites in Wuppertal, Germany,
and Muttenz, Switzerland, also led to greater volumes of hazardous waste.

Waste Generated" (Table 3.10.9]
Total waste generated (1,000 metric tons p.a.) 958 1,014 899 896 940
Hazardous waste generated? 474 603 467 487 541
of which hazardous waste from production 354 397 417 442 488
Specific volume of hazardous production waste

(%) 3.23 3.54 3.77 3.89 4.18

* Waste generated by Bayer only
2 Definition of hazardous waste in accordance with the local laws in each instance

The volume of waste disposed of rose by 5.6%. This increase is mainly due to the construction of new
production facilities at the Knapsack site in Germany. More information about the distribution of waste
according to the different means of disposal is available in:


--- Page 94 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 es ae

Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.5-1

Waste by Means of Disposal (Table 3.10.9-11
Total volume of waste disposed of

(1,000 metric tons p.a.) 966 1,021 915 898 949
Proportion removed to landfill (%) 38 36 32 28 26
Proportion incinerated (%) 33 33 38 40 39
Proportion recycled (%) 28 29 27 29 31
Others? (%) 1 2 2 3 4

” Bayer serves as a certified waste disposal plant operator at various sites. At these locations, Bayer disposes not only of its own waste but also
of waste from third parties (companies not belonging to the Bayer Group). For that reason, the volume of waste disposed of differs slightly
from the volume of waste generated by Bayer.

2 E.g, passed on to third parties (providers/waste disposal companies)

In 2015, the volume of recycled waste was 295,826 metric tons. Expressed as a proportion of the to-
tal waste disposed of, this represented an increase from 29% in 2014 to 31% in 2015. Site-specific
reasons such as changes to the product portfolio, other production volumes, variations in the intensi-
ty of construction measures and recycling projects were key to this.

Hazardous Waste’ Generated by Means of Disposal (Table 3.10.9-21

1,000 metric tons p.a.

Total volume of hazardous waste generated” 474 603 467 487 541
Amount removed to landfill 122 175 53 65 75
Amount incinerated/ recycled 352 428 414 422 466

1 Waste generated by Bayer only
2 Definition of hazardous waste in accordance with the local laws in each instance

RECYCLING

In addition to satisfying economic and environmental criteria, the recycling and treatment of our mate-
rials also has to comply with legal requirements. This results in restrictions, in particular in the areas of
pharmaceuticals and crop protection. Throughout the Group, we are developing opportunities for recy-
cling within the framework of legal regulations. Examples of recycling measures provide proof of
Bayer’s commitment to recycling.

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.5-2

Production-related recycling at HealthCare is conducted in line with the requirements of the relevant
production site. When determining the best means of disposal, recycling options are explicitly in-
cluded, and are to be considered preferable to landfilling or incineration.

Material-based recycling is important in CropScience’s active ingredient and intermediate product
production. For reasons of resource efficiency, solvents, catalysts and intermediates are repeatedly
processed and returned to the production process. Since these are recycling steps that are closely
linked with the process, there is no global regulation. Material-based recycling is regulated separate-
ly at each production site and production plant. In the global process development of active ingredi-
ents and intermediates, material recycling is considered an important development criterion. In ac-
cordance with CropScience’s global Environment Policy, all CropScience sites are obliged to prevent,
recycle and reduce waste and dispose of it safely and in line with good environmental practices.


--- Page 95 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
10. Environmental Protection

The subgroups select the best means of disposal for any given waste type at the production site
based on the applicable national or local legal requirements, the technical possibilities available on
site, environmental protection aspects and the internal hierarchy of waste disposal.

No product-related recycling is possible for the HealthCare portfolio because pharmaceutical prod-
ucts are subject to strict quality requirements. Packaging materials are recycled in line with national
regulations as part of the national infrastructure for waste disposal.

CropScience does not generally take back crop protection products it has sold. Packaging materials
are disposed of or recycled in line with national legislation. In many countries where there is no legal
regulation, the industry has set up a returns system in collaboration with other providers.

Returns of obsolete stocks of crop protection products are only conducted in individual cases where
there is good reason. However, the crop protection product industry has set up voluntary initiatives
in various countries that enable farmers to ensure obsolete stocks are disposed of safely. As part of
its activities in the CropLife association, CropScience is working with the United Nations’ Food and
Agriculture Organization (rao) and the World Bank to support the proper collection and disposal of
obsolete stocks in Africa.

In its own production operations, Covestro also uses material recycled from plastic waste. These
kinds of high-quality secondary raw materials are used to manufacture certain grades of engineering
thermoplastics. A flame-retardant plastic compound for television set housings, for example, com-
prises 30% recycled Pet water bottles.

The Global Sideline Business unit at Covestro sells unwanted plant and tools on the open market,
thus feeding them back into circulation. Approximately 150 tangible assets were sold to third parties
worldwide in 2015. Scrap metal from plants is returned to the material cycle. In 2015, this amounted
to around 1,600 metric tons in Germany alone.

Covestro is actively committed to recycling through its involvement in associations such as
PlasticsEurope and to the avoidance of plastic granule wastage in industrial plants through the Zero
Pellet Loss initiative. The company is also a shareholder of Bkv GmbH, German industry's compe-
tence platform for recycling plastic.

Using conventional recycling measures, Currenta was able to return approximately 45,000 metric
tons of building materials, rcp gypsum and slag, 14,300 metric tons of metal and 15,800 metric tons
of chemicals such as sulfuric acid and solvents to the material cycle in 2015.

10.6 Biodiversity

Our Group-wide biodiversity position takes into account influences on biodiversity throughout the entire
value chain. In this position, we commit ourselves to the United Nations Convention on Biological Di-
versity and its Nagoya Protocol, which regulates access to genetic resources and the fair and equitable
sharing of the benefits arising from their utilization. Our CropScience subgroup passed an internal
regulation in 2015 to ensure that the company only acquires and uses genetic resources in harmony
with international and applicable national legislation.


--- Page 96 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 ee |

Combined Management Report
11. Social Commitment

® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.6-1

Biodiversity is essential for successful agriculture, as it promotes the resilience of ecosystems. Vari-
ous ecological enhancement measures are under discussion to support resilient ecosystems, such as
planting flower strips to provide a refuge for animals or the more extensive cultivation of slopes to
protect against erosion. These measures can help farmers improve soil fertility and water regulation
in their fields, or boost the pollination activities of insects and thus increase their yields.

HealthCare also attaches great importance to maintaining biological diversity. As a member of the
Association of Research-Based Pharmaceutical Companies, it supports the association's position on
the u.N. Convention on Biological Diversity. Among other things, this policy, which applies to all
HealthCare sites, takes into account that the subgroup concentrates on the chemical synthesis of
substances using state-of-the-art technologies in medicinal, combinatorial and computational chem-
istry. Research into natural substances is not a focal point of its work, accounting for less than 5% of
research projects. If such substances are used during research into new pharmaceuticals, they are
first checked with respect to the Convention on Biological Diversity.

Group-wide directives stipulate that new production sites must not be set up in areas that are protected
by statutory requirements of the countries concerned relating to natural characteristics, biodiversity or
other factors.

@® ONLINE ANNEX: 3-10.6-2

In 2013, Bayer Real Estate, the Bayer Group’s real estate service provider, used its global site regis-
ter to compare the geographical coordinates of relevant production sites against those of internation-
ally recognized protected areas (ASEAN Heritage, Barcelona Convention, UNESCO-MAB Biosphere Re-
serve, Wetlands and World Heritage Convention and Ramsar Convention). This comparison revealed
three sites that are less than three kilometers from the protected areas Schorren van de Benenden
Schelde, Belgium; the Wadden Sea of Lower Saxony, Germany; and Blesbokspruit, South Africa,
respectively. Owing to major portfolio changes in the Group (separation of Covestro, formerly
MaterialScience, sale of the Diabetes Care business and acquisition of the consumer care business of
Merck 6 Co., Inc.) we are planning a new coordinate comparison with an updated range of produc-
tion sites in 2016.

11. Social Commitment

Bayer’s funding strategy focuses on people embarking on new approaches to problem-solving in the
natural and life sciences and in the key areas of health, education and basic social needs, with the goal
of sustainably improving living conditions. This also applies to a further focus area, sports and culture.
With our support programs we see ourselves as investors, trendsetters and partners for initiatives and
projects that have model character, a long-term effect and thus the potential to achieve systemic
change.


--- Page 97 ---

| Bayer Annual Report 2015,
Combined Management Report
11. Social Commitment

The Foundation s Donations Management Department within the Corporate Office of Bayer AG is re-
sponsible for strategically aligning and coordinating our social commitment, as well as for monitoring
and reporting activities. The Group-wide donation allocation and management regulations form the
basis for this. The country companies, in collaboration with partner organizations such as nongovern-
mental organizations, bear responsibility for implementing a large number of the initiatives. An inde-
pendent panel made up of internal and external judges generally decides how project funding is allocat-
ed.

In 2015, we invested a total of €51 million (2014: €49 million) in charitable activities worldwide. This
was aimed at improving the quality of life at the company’s various locations and contributing to solving
social challenges.

Social Commitment in 2015 [Graphic 3.11.11
Health and
Sports and Culture Basic Social Needs
€ 1 9 million € 1 8 million
€5 million €10 mitlion
Cultural affairs ——________] '—— Public health, health education,
. patient groups
€14 milion €51 mini
Bayer sports clubs million €6 million

{___Coummunity projects,

volunteering

€2 million
Disaster aid
Education
and Science
€ 1 4 million €2 million €3 million €6 million €3 million
Fostering Research Science education Scientific excellence
of talent projects in schools

Further information can be found in
@ ONLINE ANNEX: 3-11-1

HEALTH AND BASIC SOCIAL NEEDS

In 2015, the Bayer Cares Foundation awarded the Aspirin Social Award to the Jourvie charitable ini-
tiative. The first-place prize money of €15,000 will enable the already successful app for supporting
the treatment of eating disorders to be further developed and disseminated. The foundation entered
into a collaboration with the “Discovering Hands” initiative, which was a prize-winner in 2014. This
will introduce this exemplary social medicine project, which is already established in Germany, to
other countries. Blind women, trained as Medical Tactile Examiners, use their extraordinary sense of
touch to help with the early diagnosis of breast cancer in women. Colombia is the first pilot country
outside Germany. The Latin American Development Bank is another project partner.

Since the Bayer Volunteering Program began in Germany in 2007 and worldwide in 2013, the Bayer
Cares Foundation has provided support for 550 volunteering projects in 65 countries. Through these
projects, employees and citizens work toward improving living conditions in and around the compa-
ny’s sites. In 2015, the foundation brought 100 projects in 38 countries into the program, due pri-
marily to their innovative approaches, providing them with a total of around €304,000 in funding.


--- Page 98 ---

Bayer Annual Report 2015 ee |e

Combined Management Report
11. Social Commitment

Bayer is involved in an initiative aimed at eliminating or stemming the incidence of 10 neglected
tropical diseases, which threaten the lives of 1.4 billion people, by 2020. We provide medication to
tackle these diseases and participate in collaborations for developing new medicines. The World
Health Organization (wHo), governments, nongovernmental organizations and other companies are
partners in this global initiative. Focal points that fit in with Bayer’s product portfolio are Chagas dis-
ease, African sleeping sickness, dengue and river blindness.

For more than 10 years, we have donated our active ingredients for the treatment of African sleeping
sickness and Chagas disease, which is widespread in Latin America, to the wHo free of charge. In
2015, we again supplied one million Lampit™ tablets (active ingredient: nifurtimox 120 mg) to treat
Chagas disease, as well as providing us$300,000 for logistics and distribution. We are also currently
developing a nifurtimox tablet with a lower dosage that will make it easier to treat children with
Chagas disease.

We are pleased to report that the number of patients affected by the type of African sleeping sickness
primarily found in eastern and southern Africa is in steady decline. We were therefore able to reduce
the amount of Germanin™ supplied to the wHO to 10,000 ampoules worth €114,000 in 2015. We
again provided 300,000 tablets of the active ingredient nifurtimox to be used in a combination thera-
py with an active ingredient from another manufacturer to treat the most widespread, West African
version of sleeping sickness. We also came to an agreement with the wuo to further expand support
for patients in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which is the country most severely affected by
sleeping sickness.

In a new product development partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative, we are
examining whether the active ingredient emodepside, which is currently used in veterinary medi-
cine, could also be used to treat river blindness in humans and thus achieve a significant shortening
of treatment time.

In 2015, Bayer was once again active in supporting people experiencing acute hardship as a result of
natural disasters. For example, we donated medication and money with a total value of €400,000 for
people affected by the earthquake in Nepal. We contributed money and water purification tablets
with a total value of €25,000 to help victims of the floods in Myanmar.

We donated antibiotics with the total value of just under €1.9 million to the aid organization Health
Partners International of Canada (HPIc) for the treatment of people in crisis areas and humanitarian
emergencies.

We also made drugs with a market value of just under €1.5 million available free of charge to aid or-
ganizations and authorities in Turkey, Greece and Austria to treat refugees.

EDUCATION AND SCIENCE
The Bayer Science s Education Foundation again awarded prizes in 2015 with the primary goal of
recognizing and raising the profile of pioneering work in life sciences and basic medical research.

Winner of the Hansen Family Award 2015 is the French infection researcher Professor Emmanuelle
Charpentier from the Helmholtz Center in Braunschweig, Germany. She is responsible for key in-
sights in the field of genome editing. In 2015, the Bayer Early Excellence in Science Award and the
Bayer Thrombosis Research Award — the two prizes that promote young scientists - went to young
researchers from Germany and the United States for their successes in the fields of medicine, biolo-
gy and chemistry, and specifically in thrombosis research.


--- Page 99 ---

BS Bayer Annual Report 2015

Combined Management Report
11. Social Commitment

GRI
G4-26

The company awarded 187 scholarships to talented students, postgraduates and trainees in the fields
of natural, life and agricultural science and medicine, with the particular goal of enabling projects
abroad. With regard to our support of schools, the “Making Science Make Sense” initiative in the
United States celebrated its 20th anniversary. This program involves several hundred employees vol-
unteering regularly to visit elementary schools and use everyday experiments to communicate the
fascination and practical importance of science. Bayer implemented similar programs also aimed at
young people in more than 20 countries in 2015.

To this end, our country companies cooperated with museums, universities and other educational in-
stitutions, invited schoolchildren to the company’s own student laboratories or took “research
trucks” to the schools.

In Germany, the focus was on funding innovative teaching projects with a total of €500,000 for 63
specific measures at 57 schools and other educational institutions in 31 towns and cities, plus the
awarding of travel scholarships and support of competitions for school students. In addition, the
Humboldt Bayer Mobil, a research laboratory on wheels, regularly visited schools and the four
Baylab student laboratories offered school classes a professional infrastructure. More than 20,000
schoolchildren used these facilities alone in 2015.

Given the huge influx of refugees into Germany, the Bayer Science s Education Foundation has ex-
panded its range of scientific school education programs to also target refugee children. Along with
the Berlin Senate and other educational organizations, the foundation launched a unique pilot project
—the Science4Life Academy.

For the first time, teaching materials specifically for children with no knowledge of German are being
developed and introduced into science lessons, and teachers are receiving targeted training. Our
company also offers talented schoolchildren the chance of individualized support in the form of in-
ternships and mentoring. Our other activities to support refugees include a course preparing refu-
gees aged between 18 and 26 for work, involving language training and careers advice.

SPORTS AND CULTURE

In 2015, Bayer further expanded its range of cultural activities. We continued to focus particularly on
encouraging young talent, and brought new artists into the stART program. Another key point was to
enable young people to have greater access to theater. Bayer Arts ¢ Culture also intensified dialogue
with the public. In total, Bayer staged around 120 events in the fields of music, dance, theater and
the fine arts in 2015.

The “Versionale” competition for theater direction, for example, challenged creative theatrical and
cultural minds for the first time to develop short stage works on the topic of “Science For A Better
Life.”

The Bayer clubs again made a key contribution to the broad range of sporting activities near the
German sites in North Rhine-Westphalia. The major clubs also became more intensely involved as
professional service providers for the company’s occupational health management. In 2015, the
company provided funding of some €14 million for recreational, disabled and competitive sports ac-
tivities.

Bayer’s involvement in professional soccer at Bayer 04 Leverkusen GmbH is not part of its social
‘ing.

sports sponsorship activities because it belongs to the company’s image adverti
