

--- Page 1 ---

2

Business Review / Operating segments

2.1

In early 2013, the Group set up a matrix organisation based on

Operating segments

2 six Global Business Units, divided into three operating segments
Aerospace (Avionics, Space), Transport (Ground Transportation
Systems) and Defence & Security [Secure Communications and
Information Systems, Land and Air Systems, and Defence Mission
Systems);

2.1.1 AEROSPACE SEGMENT

2 an international organisation split into the major industrial couniries in
which the Group is present (France, Germany, the Netherlands, the
UK, Canada, the United States and Australia & New Zealand), other
European countries and emerging markets

The Aerospace segment includes the Avionics and Space Global Business
Units.

The Avionics Global Business Unit offers a large array of equipment and
functions for piloting, navigation and aircraft control systems, electrical
generation and conversion, and in-flight entertainment and connectivity
systems. This activity also includes simulation and training solutions for military
aircraft and civil and military helicopters as well as microwave or imaging
subsystems. As a partner with the major aircraft manufacturers and airlines,
Thales is a player in the entire value-added chain for the aviation sector, in
addition to its space and air traffic management business.

2.1.1.1

KEY DATA

The Space Global Business Unit provides spatial systems and solutions,
particularly in the fields of telecommunications, radar and optical
observation of the Earth, satellite navigation and exploration of the
universe. The strategic partnership in the space sector between Thales
and Finmeccanica — the Space Alliance — responds to the significant
environmental, scientific, security and information society development
challenges and is based on the complementary solutions offered by Thales
Alenia Space (67% owned by Thales, 33% owned by Finmeccanica) in
satellite systems and by Telespazio (33% owned by Thales, 67% owned
by Finmeccanica} in related services.

114

Order book at 31 December 9,766 8,687
Order intake 6,279 5,024
Sales 5,381 5,014
EIT 518 505
Employees under Group management 17,960 17,951

(a) Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation
of Financial Information” in the management report on page 8.

2.1.1.2.1

Thales manufactures flight avionics systems, passenger cabin equipment

General overview

and systems and flight simulators for helicopters and military aircraft. The
Group also offers microwave (tubes and power amplifiers) and imaging
subsystems.

The portfolio of flight avionics systems and equipent comprises on-board
electronics systems, including helmet display, for aircraft navigation and
handling for civil and military fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

SALES
51% 38%
Defence & ‘Aerospace
Security
11%
Transport

Thales also supplies electrical generation and power conversion
equipment.

In the cabin systems market, Thales's offer is focused on the in-flight
entertainment and passenger connectivity segment. In addition, the Group
offers lighting and aircraft interior systems through the Diehl Aerospace
joint venture

In simulation and training, Thales provides flight simulators for several
European defence programmes and provides training for pilots, particularly
for helicopters, via the Helisim joint venture

Microwave subsystems are aimed at the space and defence markets
and also have some telecommunications and civil industrial applications,
whereas imaging subsystems are aimed at the medical radiology market.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 2 ---

2.1.1.2.2 | Competitive position

As one of the leading players in the avionics market, Thales is a supplier
for the civilian and military aircraft manufacturers AgustaWestland, Airbus
Group, ATR, Bell, Boeing, Bombardier, Dassault Aviation, Embraer,
Gulfstream, NHIndustries, Sikorsky and Sukhoi. The growth of this business
therefore correlates directly to the change in production rates of aircraft
manufacturers. The other major players in this field are the US companies
Honeywell and Rockwell Collins.

In the passenger cabin systems segment, Thales is one of the world’s top
two players, with Panasonic Avionics

There are numerous competitors in the simulation solutions market,
particularly US defence companies such as Lockheed Martin, Raytheon
and L3Com.

Thales continues to be a global market leader in microwave and imaging
subsystems.

2.1.1.2.3 Significant events in 2015

In civil avionics, Thales supported the increased production of the Airbus
A350, the first of which was delivered in late 2014, followed by 14
additional models in 2015. In addition, the Group signed a contract
with ATR at the Paris Air Show to strengthen their partnership through
collaborative incremental development of the avionics system used in the
ATR-600.

A significant milestone was also reached with the laying of the first stone
for the new Thales site in Bordeaux, the future global headquarters for the
Group's avionics activities

In training and simulation, 2015 was marked by the launch, in
cooperation with Rheinmetall Defence Electronics (RDE}, of a programme
to refurbish and upgrade 20 Tiger combat helicopter simulators to be
used by French and German armed forces for the OCCAR (Organisation
for Joint Armament Cooperation). Thales, together with Sogitec, was also
asked to provide Rafale simulators for the French and Egyptian forces. At
the end of the year, Thales won the tender to provide the education and
training service for the new H160 from Airbus Helicopters, through its
subsidiary Helisim

In terms of in-flight entertainment business, Thales InFlyt Experience was
launched at the Aircraft Interiors in Hamburg, marking the consolidation
of in-flight entertainment and connectivity activities. For the first time, the
AVANT system was incorporated into the A350 XWB delivered to Qatar
Airways and into Vietnam Airlines’ Boeing B787-9, and was selected
to equip the first class cabins of British Airways’ B787. 2015 also
marked the first anniversary of the acquisition of LiveTV, whose activities
have complemented Thales's offering. More than 400 aircraft are now
equipped with a Ka-band connectivity offering

In helicopter avionics, after announcing the signing of a MoU
(Memorandum of Understanding) in late 2014, Thales and Shanghai
AVIC (SAVIC) worked together to develop their partnership in order to
provide joint solutions to the Chinese market. Thales and Turbomeca
extended their cooperation in the field of engine management (FADEC D}
for future engine projects.

In military avionics, the year was marked in particular by the initial
success of Rafale exports. Furthermore, the first two modernised Mirage
2000s were delivered to the Indian authorities and an A400M was
delivered to the Royal Malaysian Air Force.

In electrical systems, Thales signed two major contracts with Chinese
aircraft manufacturer AVIC for the supply of electrical generation solutions
for AC312 and H425 helicopters. This year also marked the maiden flight
of the Antonov 178 military aircraft, which was equipped with Thales
solutions.

In airline support, Thales was included in the list of the top ten Airbus
support providers for the ninth consecutive year. Thales also announced
the development of a new flight application called “Electronic Flight Bag”

Business Review / Operating segments

(EFB). The first customer will be Air France, whose ultimate aim is to equip
its entire fleet. Thales also announced the signing of several key contracts
for the supply of head-up displays (collimators], in particular to China
Southern Airlines and Etihad

In microwave and imaging sub-systems, Thales successfully launched its
new flat panel detector for radiography. In the space market, the tubes
supplied by Thales have contributed to the recent successes of both the
Rosetta and the New Horizons scientific missions. Thales was also present
on many commercial satellites and has won a major contract with Boeing
for Kerband coverage

2.1.1.3 SPACE

General overview

2.1.1.3.1

Thales Alenia Space is a joint venture between Thales (67%) and
Finmeccanica (33%) and is a partner in the Space Alliance along with
Telespazio, which is also owned by Thales (33%) and Finmeccanica

(67%)

Thales Alenia Space has more than 40 years of experience in the design,
integration, testing, operation and commissioning of innovative space
systems. These cutting-edge systems meet the needs of commercial,
government, scientific, defence and security customers from around the
world. The satellites and payloads designed by Thales Alenia Space
have become the global standard for space systems that provide
communications and navigation services, monitor our environment
and the oceans, help us better understand climate change and drive
scientific progress. Thales Alenia Space is also a leading supplier to
the International Space Station, and a pivotal player in space systems
designed to explore the Universe

Thales Alenia Space is one of the world’s leading designers of
telecommunications satellites, platforms and payloads — a market that
accounts for 50% of its business. The Company offers a wide range
of solutions, from the supply of high-performance equipment to turnkey
systems. The Spacebus NEO family of geostationary platforms meets
the needs of operators from around the world. The payloads designed
by Thales Alenia Space have proven their performance, reliability and
competitiveness on satellites made by all the leading space industry
manufacturers. Thales Alenia Space has confirmed its expertise as a
leading global player in the field of low/medium earth orbit mobile
communications constellations with the Globalstar, Iridium NEXT, O3b
and Leosat projects.

In the military segment, Thales Alenia Space operates in the design and
production of highly secure telecommunications systems and observation
systems and high-resolution radar and optical payloads. It offers space
and ground telecommunications and observation segments, as well as
dual civil and military systems. Notably, it is a supplier to the French
Ministry of Defence and is at the heart of the Francottalian cooperation
with the Sicral and Athena Fidus programmes

In Earth observation, Thales Alenia Space is a leader in high- and very
high-resolution optical and radar payloads for military, civilian or dual
missions such as information gathering, target designation, map-making
and crisis management, meteorology, oceanography and climatology, etc.

For the past three decades, the European Space Agency (ESA) and the
European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites
(Eumetsat] have awarded Thales Alenia Space the contract for Europe's
meteorological satellites (Meteosat satellites), as well as environmental
missions in the Copernicus programme and spatial altimetry, an activity
in which Thales Alenia Space’s radars set the global standard for ocean
and ice surveillance.

Today, Thales Alenia Space is the prime contractor for the flagship
ExoMars programme, which is ESA's most ambitious Mars mission and
will touch down on the red planet in 2016. The Company is also the
prime contractor for EUCLID — one of ESA%s scientific satellites that aims to

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2

115


--- Page 3 ---

2

116

Business Review / Operating segments

understand dark matter. It also led the success of the IXV, a mini European
Shuttle that has validated technologies for atmospheric re-entry for future
manned flights. On the ground, it deployed radioastronomy antennae on
the Atacama Plateau in Chile as part of the AUMA programme for the
European Southern Observatory (ESO)

Thales Alenia Space is also at the origin of satellite navigation in Europe
as prime contractor for Egnos, the precursor to Galileo, and has a
major role in its development with Galileo system support, participation
in the in-orbit validation phase, which consists of manufacturing the first
four satellites of the constellation, and especially in the deployment of
the ground-based mission segment (Galileo Mission Segment) for the full
constellation.

In manned flights, Thales Alenia Space is a major contributor to the
International Space Station (ISS), supplying more than 50% of its
pressurised volume. It has significant involvement with the vehicles which
have and which will resupply the ISS: ATV [Automated Transfer Vehicle) for
ESA, Cygnus for NASA, and soon the Orion spacecraft for NASA

Thales Alenia Space also contributes to the European policy on access to
space by supplying the on-board electronics for the Ariane rocket, the on-
board backup system for Soyuz in Guyana and soon that of the Ariane 6.

2.1.1.3.2 | Competitive position

The satellite market is dynamic and highly competitive. In the commercial
satellite segment, Thales Alenia Space’s main competitors are Space
Systems/Loral, Airbus Group, Orbital ATK, Boeing and Lockheed Martin
Going forward, the commercial challenge focuses on the ability to offer
satellite solutions with electriconly propulsion. It is important to note the
gradual arrival in the commercial market of new international players (from
Russia, China, India, Israel, Japan, etc.) in the fields of telecommunications
and observation. The arrival of GAFA (Google, Apple, Facebook,
Amazon) has also changed the commercial landscape with the emergence
of new needs in terms of mega-constellations. Space X in particular is
proposing to set up its own constellation

The leading competitors in the institutional market in Europe, which
depends to a large extent on the budgetary situation of governments, are
Airbus Group and HB, which may also be partners depending on the
programme

2.1.1.3.3 Significant events in 2015

In telecommunications, Thales Alenia Space signed the contract for the
C/D phase of the Neosat programme with the ESA and won a contract
with Eutelsat to supply a broadband satellite for Africa. This is a defining
contract for the company as it is the first commercial use of its new product
line, the all-electric Spacebus NEO. In addition, contracts were signed
with Bangladesh for the Bangabandhu satellite and with Argentina for
the ARSAT-3 payload. In constellations, Thales Alenia Space continues
to work with LEOSAT on the feasibility and definition of its constellation
of 80-120 satellites which are intended to provide broadband internet
solutions, and it has also signed a contract to build 8 additional satellites

2.1.2 ___ TRANSPORT SEGMENT

for the O3b Network. Finally, in defence, Thales Alenia Space signed a
65% partnership agreement for the Comsat NG French military satellite
communications programme. The Comsat NG contract involves the
construction of two military communication satellites for the French Armed
Forces to replace the Syracuse 3A and Syracuse 3B satellites, which were
launched in 2005 and 2006 respectively.

In the field of Earth observation, 2015 saw Thales Alenia Space’s
leadership in terms of space altimetry dedicated to oceanography being
demonstrated once again through the signing of the agreement to build
the SWOT (Surface Water Ocean Topography) satellite for CNES (the
French space agency), the installation of the Poseidon-4 altimeter on the
Sentinel 6, and the selection of the Poseidon-3C altimeter for the SWOT
satellite

In high-esolution optical observation, Thales Alenia Space signed a
contract for a feasibility study regarding the successor to the Pleiades and
CSO satellites. Meanwhile, in radars, the Company signed the COSMO-
SkyMed Second Generation contract for the Italian Space Agency and the
tralian Ministry of Defence and a ground segment contract for processing
data generated by the COSMO-SkyMed satellites for the Polish Ministry
of Defence.

Finally, Thales Alenia Space signed a contract with ESA and the European
Union to build the C and D models of the Sentinel 1 environmental
monitoring satellites as part of the Copernicus programme.

In exploration and science, Thales Alenia Space signed a contract for
the phase B study of the scientific satellite PLATO (PlAnetary Transits and
Oscillation of stars) for ESA, as well as the contract with Airbus Defence
and Space to produce the thermomechanical systems for the European
Service Module (ESM) of NASA's Orion spacecraft.

In 2015, Thales Alenia Space participated in 9 launches, including that of
the IXV with the success of the mission of the European atmospheric re-entry
module, and that of the Sicral 2 which complements the French-ltalian
cooperation in the defence field following the 2014 launch of Athena-
Fidus. lt should also be noted that Thales Alenia Space supplied three
climate satellites: MSG4, a meteorological satellite launched in July 2015,
Jason 3, an oceanographic satellite launched in January 2016, and
Sentinel 3A, an environmental satellite,launched from Pletzesk on
16 February 2016

Also of note in 2015 was the formation of strategic partnerships with
Nanyang Technological University in Singapore and the signing of an
agreement with the University of Warsaw in Poland

From an industrial perspective, 2015 saw the introduction of robots,
collaborative robots and 3D printing technology in the manufacturing
process; 3D parts have already flown on Arabsat 6B and Turkmenspace
and will fly on Koreasat. A 3D printer was also delivered to the astronauts
onboard the ISS.

Thales Alenia Space's international growth continued in 2015 with the
opening of a new subsidiary in Poland and a technology centre in Brazil
In 2015, Thales Alenia Space also inaugurated a new building on
the Cannes site for the integration and testing of high-resolution optical
observation instruments in order to meet the needs of export markets

Thales provides ground transportation infrastructure operators and
managers with systems and services to leverage their investments to
best effect by optimising their operational performance, offering the
best passenger experience, and managing the growing complexity of

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

transport systems. Thales solutions help increase the capacity of transport
infrastructures and promote the highest safety in the transport of people
and goods, rapidly and cost effectively.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 4 ---

2.1.2.1

KEY DATA

Business Review / Operating segments 2

Order book at 31 December 4,842 3,615
Order intake 2,826 1,652
Sales 1,519 1,402
EBITe! (37) 32

Employees under Group management 6,289 6,331

(a) Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation
of Financial Information” in the management report on page 8.

GROUND TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS

2.1.2.2.1 General overview

The Group is one of the foremost global players in railway signalling and
the control/monitoring of urban transport networks and mainlines. It also
offers electronic ticketing solutions.

In rail signalling, Thales provides systems for conventional and high speed
long distance networks, in addition to metro, tram and suburban networks.
Thales capitalises on its expertise in the field of critical information and
cybersecurity systems to offer transport network operators integrated
and protected solutions to effectively supervise and control their operations
and satisfy their passengers with increased service quality, while helping
to improve passengers, staff and infrastructures security.

Thales is also a global player in passenger payment collection solutions,
in particular for urban transit operators, and has vast experience with
multimodal and multi-operator ticketing systems

2.1.2.2.2 | Competitive position

Thales offers to ground transportation operators, whose growth is linked to
a great extent to urban planning, a portfolio of automation and services
solutions dedicated to the efficient operation, security and safety of rail
infrastructures. Specialised in intelligent critical systems and services,
Thales sets itself apart from its “generalist" competitors, who offer ranges
of products dominated by rolling stock. These capabilities and skills make
Thales a recognised leading player with strong positions in these markets

The competitive landscape varies significantly depending on the segment
targeted by Thales. In signalling, Thales is a major player, its main
competitors being Siemens, Alstom, Ansaldo STS and Bombardier. In
ticketing, the Group's main competitors are Cubic, Parkeon, Scheidt &
Bachmann and Xerox.

2.1.2.2.3 Significant events in 2015

2015 was a record year in terms of order intake for Thales‘s urban
signalling activity, with several very significant contracts being won.

In London, spurred on by the success of the modemisation of the Jubilee
and Northern lines, Transport for London awarded Thales the contract to
modernise the Circle, District, Metropolitan and Hammersmith & City lines,

SALES
51% 38%
Defence & . Aerospace
Security

Pp - 11%

Transport

which make up almost 40% of its network. Upon completion of the project
in 2023, the overall capacity on these lines is expected to increase by
30% due to an increased number of trains running at peak times.

In Hong Kong, MTR Corporation, the metro operator, has awarded Thales
a major contract for the modernisation of seven lines that will be equipped
with CBTC (CommunicationBased Train Control) technology from Thales
This will increase capacity, improve reliability and make it easier to
maintain the system and the existing infrastructure.

In New York, Thales was selected to supply the signalling for part of the
Queens Boulevard subway line which connects Manhattan to Queens.
The part of the line covered by CBTC equipment from Thales will be
interoperable with other parts of the line that are covered by equipment
from other suppliers

In China, Thales’s SAIC Transportation System joint venture won several
contracts for new metro lines (in Qingdao, Nanchang, Wuhan and
Shijiazhuang) and tramways (in Shanghai)

Thales will also provide signalling, communications and the line control
centre for the tramline in Danhai, Taiwan

In Australia, Thales was chosen to equip the Sydney metro network,
Australia’s first fully automated rail system

In Qatar, Thales won the contract to supply signalling and ticketing systems
for the new metro in Doha

In mainline signalling, Thales continued to roll out its ETCS (European
Train Control System) technology on high-speed lines in Spain. In France,
the SNCF has extended Thales’s contract to replace the signal control point
at Vitry-sur-Seine. The mainline activity is also supported by framework
agreements to supply signalling systems in several European countries,
including Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Norway.

In ticketing, June 2015 saw Thales launch its TransCity” solution during
the International Association of Public Transport conference in Milan
This solution enables passengers to pay directly at the ticket barrier (by
contactless bank card, mobile phone or travel card). Among other things,
this “cloud-ready" ticketing solution allows operators to analyse the data
generated, which simplifies their management. The new solution had its
first two export successes with the fitting out of the regional express network
in Johannesburg and the modernisation of two lines of the Cairo metro.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 117


--- Page 5 ---

2

Business Review / Operating segments

2.1.3 DEFENCE & SECURITY SEGMENT

Thales is a long-standing partner to military and security forces around
the world, providing support on the ground to increase operational
effectiveness as well as ensuring the highest levels of protection

Thales designs systems for all sectors: land, air, naval, space and
cyberspace (digital networks). These systems detect and assess threats,
manage information, support rapid command decisions and control
engagements, through to threat neutralisation, with maximum reliability.
By facilitating the coordination of joint or coalition forces operations, they
contribute to the decision-making superiority of the forces.

As new risks emerge, defence alone cannot protect against new threats
such as trafficking, terrorism, organised crime, cyber-attacks, natural
disasters, etc.

2.1.3.1 KEY DATA

Order book at 31 December 17611 14,915
Order intake 9,704 7,608
Sales 7,084 6,480
EIT 760 620
Employees under Group management 32,207 31,599

(a) Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation
of Financial Information” in the management report on page 8.

2.1.3.2

SECURE COMMUNICATIONS
AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS

2.1.3.2.1 General overview

At the heart of the defence-security continuum, Thales offers interoperable
and secure information and telecommunications systems for military
forces, security forces and essential operators. These activities, which
include radio communications, networks, protection systems, and
critical information systems, and cybersecurity respond to the needs of
markets in which the use of new digital technologies such as 4G mobile
communications, cloud computing and big data are of the utmost
importance. Thales is present throughout the value chain, from equipment
to systems and systems of systems, logistical support and related services.

These activities are developed around four segments:

» Radio communication products. Thales designs radios and embedded
and tactical communications systems for all three sectors (land, air
and sea}, friend or foe identification systems, (IFF) radio navigation
systems and electronic warfare communications solutions. The armed
forces of more than 50 countries around the world are equipped with
Thales solutions. The Group is a major player in the development of
interoperable, secure Software-Defined Radio (SDR) solutions. Thales is
the prime contractor for the CONTACT programme which, from 2018,
must deliver the first software defined radio solutions for the French

This convergence of defence and security requires new solutions and
technologies to be implemented to facilitate the sharing of existing
information and communication systems, as well as the protection of
networks and infrastructure

The Defence & Security segment, where the customer base is primarily
governments, consolidates Thales’s expertise in these various fields,
organised around three Global Business Units: Secure Communications
and Information Systems (Section 2.1.3.2), Land and Air Systems
(Section 2.1.3.3) and Defence Mission Systems (Section 2.1.3.4)

SALES
51% 38%
Defence & " Aerospace
Security
11%
Transport

armed forces. It is also present at European level with the ESSOR
programme and in the United States with the Rifleman programme

2 Network and Infrastructure Systems. Ensuring the security,

integrity, service continuity and resilience of deployable or mobile
infrastructure and telecommunications networks are major challenges
for governments, armed forces and “essential” businesses (healthcare,
water, energy, communications, etc.). In this area, Thales offers
solutions ranging up to the operation and management of secure
networks for the armed forces, even in theatres of operations
(for instance, for the ISAF'! in Afghanistan or EUNAM in the Central
African Republic). In France, the Group operates the information,
communication and security systems of the Hexagone Balard, the new
French Ministry of Defence

> Protection Systems. Thales develops information, command and

intelligence systems for armed forces (military functions summarised
under the abbreviation C4ISR). The Group also responds to the
growing safety needs of nations {identity management systems, border
control and surveillance}, of cities (urban security, smart cities, crisis
management, security for large events) and of critical infrastructure
(protection of airports, of public transportation, of sensitive sites, and
of energy sites). These systems are intended to facilitate rapid decision-
making by the operators of the command and control centres or in
mobile situations, and by providing users with relevant, clear and
immediate information about their environment.

[I] International Security Assistance Force (ISAF). The ISAF is the military component of the coalition that been operating in Afghanistan since 2001 under the authority of NATO

and a UN mandate.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 6 ---

> Critical Information Systems and Cybersecurity. Thales is a major
player in cybersecurity in Europe and has both civilian and military
customers. Through its network, cloud and mobile equipment protection
products, and data security solutions, Thales offers solutions to protect
information systems and its customers’ critical data. Thales also helps
its customers to detect and prevent cyber-attacks by devising secure
architectures from the design stage. Thales oversees these architectures
and ensures that they are kept in secure working order. Finally, the
Group secures the digital transformation programmes of companies
and governments alike, to ensure that they benefit from technological
advances in mobility, cloud computing and collaborative models while
ensuring the protection of their critical data

2.1.3.2.2 | Competitive position

Thales has a variety of competitors, both at the sector and geographic
levels, depending on the business

In defence applications — radiocommunications, networks, and command
and control — the main competitors are American: Harris, General
Dynamics and Raytheon. The Israeli company Elbit Systems is also
a competitor. Airbus Group is a competitor in Europe, as is Rohde &
Schwarz, particularly in the areas of naval communications and electronic
war, and in Turkey, there is competition from Aselsan, particularly in
radiocommunications.

In security, Thales's competitors are primarily in the aeronautic and defence
sector (Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Honeywell, Airbus Group, etc.) or in
the information systems sector (IBM, Atos, Capgemini, etc.). The latter are
also competitors of Thales in critical information systems.

Finally, in cybersecurity, Thales is in competition with companies like RSA
or Gemalto in the civil arena and BAE Systems, Ultra Electronics, Airbus
Group and Secunet in defence

2.1.3.2.3 Significant events in 2015

In radio communications products, Thales's developments in the field
of software-defined radio reached a major milestone in 2015 with the
ESSOR interoperability testing" that was conducted within a European
framework in 6 countries. In France, Thales is continuing with the Contact
programme, which from 2018 will deliver the first Software-Defined
Radio (SDR) solutions for ground, aeronautic and naval armed forces.
In exports, Thales received several orders for radios in Egypt where the
Group will deliver long-range tactical radio equipment, radio equipment
for the Rafale, a communications network and radio equipment for the
FREMM frigates.

In the United States, Thales was awarded a contract in 2015 for multiple
deliveries of Rifleman radios. The Group was also selected to supply the
ground terminals for the future Iridium Next satellite constellation. Lastly,
Thales was chosen to manufacture tactical satellite terminals for the
US Army.

In aeronautics, Thales was selected to provide a full suite of
communications, navigation and identification equipment for the French
MRTT2! tanker programme

ESSOR: European Secure SOfiware defined Radio.

Business Review / Operating segments 2

Thales was also selected to supply various electronic warfare systems,
including the detection system for OPV"! buildings in a Middle Eastern
country and a major jamming system for a European country.

Network and Infrastructure Systems. Thales successfully took an
important step towards completing the satellite military communications
system designed for ground and naval forces in Qatar, with the
deployment of an initial operational capability.

In France, Thales played a major role in the overall design of the defence
engineering for Hexagone Balard, the new headquarters of the French
Ministry of Defence opened in November 2015. The Group will oversee
the operation and maintenance of information and communication systems
at this strategic site of 9,300 people over a 30-year period, as well as
its security systems.

Also in France, Thales supplied additional ground terminals for
the Syracuse Ill”. Equipped with Thales's “on-the-move" satellite
communications, these terminals allow the command to operate while on
the move in the theatre of operations.

Lastly, Thales was selected by Qatar and Oman to supply TETRA
communication solutions as part of critical infrastructure security projects.

Protection systems. In 2015, Thales recorded numerous successes, in
particular in critical infrastructure protection. Thales was selected to secure
the new commercial port in Doha, Qatar. This port project is one of the
largest ever developed in the world, and also one of the most cutting-
edge. In Oman, Thales was selected to supply advanced technologies
to Muscat and Salalah airports in order to protect their passengers and
infrastructure.

In on-board vehicle electronics (“vetronics”}, Thales was notified of
a new tranche of the Scorpion contract for developing and launching
the production of support equipment for information systems and for
battlefield digitisation. In particular, Thales is responsible for the electronic
architecture of the vehicles.

Thales consolidated its position as a supplier of CAl!5! defence systems,

with the Land Command Support System (LCSS) programme in Canada,
the Command and Intelligence Systems Support Office (CISSO)
programme in Australia, and the SIA (Systéme d'information des Armées —
Army Information System) in France.

\n critical information systems, and cybersecurity Thales commissioned a
new cybersecurity monitoring centre in the Netherlands to serve the local
market and Continental Europe.

Furthermore, Thales announced a final agreement to acquire Vormetric,
a leading provider of protection solutions for data stored on physical or
virtual infrastructure, or in the cloud. The completion of the transaction is
subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to be finalised
during the first quarter of 2016. This investment will complement the
portfolio of solutions from Thales eSecurity, a leading player in hardware
security modules (HSM), and strengthen Thales’s position in this fast
growing strategic segment.

In France, Thales received PASSI accreditation (for audit service providers}
from the French agency for information systems security (ANSSI),
positioning the Group as a certified trusted partner. The Group also won
the secured outsourcing contract from the Ramsay Générale de Santé
group, the leading operator of private hospitals in France.

)
(2) MRTT: Multi Role Tanker Transport.
(3) OPV: Offshore Patrol Vessel.
[4] Syracuse Ill stands for $¥stéme de RAdioCommunications Utilisant un Satellif€ (radio communications system using satellites).
(5) Cl: Command, Control, Communications, Computer & Intelligence.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

119


--- Page 7 ---

2

120

Business Review / Operating segments

2.1.3.3

LAND AND AIR SYSTEMS

2.1.3.3.1 General overview

Thales systems and equipment help to make the airspace safer and
more secure. In civil air traffic control, Thales’s portfolio ranges from
conventional navigational aids to radar and air traffic control centres,
surveillance systems, satellite navigation and airport management
solutions.

Thales plays a key role as architect and integrator for the air traffic
management of the future, mainly through initiatives such as ICAO’s'"!
Aviation System Block Upgrades in Europe and the NextGen programme
in the United States. Thales remains the leading Industrial Partner of the
SESAR! project in Europe

In the military domain, Thales owns 50% of Thales Raytheon Systems,
a leading international air defence company. Since its creation in
2001, Thales Raytheon Systems has sold air defence radars, including
the GM200 and GM400 built by Thales, and command and control
centres for military airspace throughout the world, ensuring the protection
and security of forces and resources deployed in over 60 countries
Thales Raytheon Systems is notably the prime contractor for NATO's Air
Command and Control System (ACCS}

Moreover, Thales offers on all continents one of the broadest lines of
civil and military ground-based and naval radars on the market, for
surveillance, air traffic management and fire control

Thales offers a wide range of weapon systems for medium-range
(SAMP/T}, short-range (Crotale and RAPIDDefender) and very short
range markets (RAPIDFire cannon and RAPIDRanger missile system). The
Group also specialises in multirole weapon systems based on the new
lightweight multirole missile (UW) family, which includes a guided, free-
fall variant. Thales is also a major player in the munitions sector: rocket
mortar systems, metric precision munitions, missile and bomb fuzing
systems, vehicle close protection systems, soldier systems and battlefield
protection systems.

In optronies, the combination of optical and electronic systems, Thales
designs and manufactures components and systems for day and night
surveillance, reconnaissance, protection, threat detection and target
acquisition on all types of land, sea (surface and subsurface] or air
platforms for defence and security customers worldwide. Thales's
expertise in optics is also applicable to the commercial fields of zoom
lenses for film-making and lasers.

Thales designs, manufactures and supports armoured military vehicles
including the Hawkei and the Bushmaster. Thales provides integrated
capability solutions at all levels of the value chain, from subsystem
supplier to system integrator, mission systems design authority and prime
contractor. The open architecture systems of vehicles provides highly
standardised “plug and play” capability for on-board sub-systems and
products, increasing vehicle capability and performance whilst reducing
size, weight and operator workload and whole life system costs

{1} International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
(2). Single European Sky ATM Research

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2.1.3.3.2 | Competitive position

Thales’s expertise in all aspects of air traffic control (automation,
navigation, surveillance and satellite communication) is widely recognised
by the world’s civil aviation authorities. With over 40% of the world’s
airspace controlled by TopSky-ATC, Thales is at the forefront of air traffic
control systems and civilian radars.

Other major players in the civil sector are the US companies Lockheed
Martin and Raytheon, European companies Indra and Finmeccanica
(Selex}, and in some niche areas, Saab, Frequentis and Exelis

In the military segment, Thales's main competitors are the US companies
Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon, and Finmeccanica,
Airbus Group, BAE Systems, Indra and Saab in Europe

Thales is one of Europe's leading suppliers of medium-range, shortrange
and very shortrange missiles and weapon systems. Other principal players
in this field in Europe (MBDA) and the US (Raytheon and Lockheed Martin)
are also major customers of Thales's missile electronics and key partners
in weapon systems

Thales is one of Europe's foremost optronics suppliers facing competition in
this segment from US suppliers (Raytheon and Flir Systems) and from Israeli
suppliers (primarily Elbit]. The protected vehicles systems market segment is
dominated, on an international level, by BAE Systems, General Dynamics,
Rheinmetall, KraussMaffei Wegmann and Nexter, with Thales operating in
Europe as an independent integrator both for its own and other suppliers’
equipment within complex mission systems.

2.1.3.3.3 Significant events in 2015

Throughout the year, the company signed many contracts for air traffic
management radars and control systems. These contracts were mostly in
Europe, Africa (ASECNA and Democratic Republic of Congo) and in Asia
(China, Indonesia]. Major navaids contracts were won in Africa, Europe
and the Middle East. During the Paris Air Show, Thales introduced its next
generation Air Traffic Management radar, the STAR NG, which is the
successor fo the market leading STAR 2000 radar.

Thales delivered 18 radars from the Ground Master family to several air
forces and Thales-Raytheon Systems signed its first contract with Georgia
and reaffirmed its relationships with Kazakhstan with a second GM400
contract.

The NATO Air Command and Control system (ACCS) went into
operational service in Italy. By the end of 2016, it will be operational in
the other 3 major NATO sites in Belgium, France, and Germany, as well
as in ten other countries (replication sites). Additionally, ThalesRaytheon
Systems signed a contract with the NATO communications and information
agency for the ballistic missile defence capacity upgrade

The US Missile Defence Agency bestowed the «Technology Pioneer
Award» to the French and Italian extended air defence teams, for the
successful firing against a target representing a tactical ballistic missile

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 8 ---

In the area of advanced weapons systems, two major contracts were
won in 2015, confirming the recognition of Thales as provider of systems
of systems. Armasuisse, Switzerland's Defence and Procurement agency,
mandated Thales as prime contractor for the procurement preparations
phase for the BODLUV 2020 medium range ground-based air defence
system.

Thales signed a contract for the ForceSHIELD Integrated Air Defence system
and STARStreak missiles for the Malaysian Armed Forces, integrating
radars, communications, engagement and fire control systems, launchers
and missiles to meet front line users’ needs. Thales also signed a contract
for the supply of STARStreak missiles to the Royal Thai Army.

The new generation version of the Lightweight Multiple Launcher was
introduced on the market, offering swift deployment of either STARStreak
or the Lightweight Multi-role munition.

In October 2015, a Royal Netherlands Navy ship using the Thales
SMART Early Warning Capability radar and a Thales Active Phased
Array multifunction radar (APAR) successfully tracked and intercepted a
Ballistic Missile in space while at the same time intercepting two targets

2.1.3.4

DEFENCE MISSION SYSTEMS

2.1.3.4.1 General overview

Thales manufactures electronic systems for airborne combat, intelligence,
surveillance and reconnaissance, as well as naval surface and underwater
combat systems

For airborne combat missions, Thales produces, in cooperation with
Dassault Aviation, radar systems and equipment for the Rafale, the Mirage
2000 and future combat UAVs, as well as electronic warfare radar
systems, designed to detect threats and to protect platforms

For airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions,
Thales designs naval patrol and surveillance, ground and air surveillance
solutions, including a range of electromagnetic-based intelligence-
gathering sensors. These systems, installed on airborne platforms,
incorporate surveillance radars, acoustic sub-systems, electromagnetic
measuring equipment, and data links. Thales also designs complete
UAV systems with intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and
reconnaissance capabilities

In surface naval warfare, the Thales offering covers all combat systems
with the integration of equipment (radar, electronic warfare, infrared
sensors, etc.], weapons systems, communications and command
equipment, as well as naval platform engineering capabilities

In underwater warfare, the Group offers a broad range of products
including the submarine sonar suite, hull-mounted and towed array sonar
for surface ships, anti-mine systems incorporating multiple sonars, including
the use of unmanned underwater vehicles, as well as torpedo acoustic

heads

2.1.3.4.2 | Competitive position

In electronic combat systems, Thales is one of the leading European
players, competing with Finmeccanica (Selex], BAE Systems, Lockheed
Martin, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman in addition to Airbus Group,
General Atomics and Elbit in intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance
systems.

In surface naval systems, Thales is one of the principal European players,
alongside Finmeccanica (Selex], Saab and BAE, and competes with
Lockheed Martin. In underwater warfare, Thales is one of the principal
European players along with Atlas Elektronik and Ultra Electronics, and
is in competition with US companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and L3

Business Review / Operating segments

with its own Standard Missile (SM-2) and Evolved SeaSparrow Missile
(ESSM)

In 2015, several export optronics contracts were won, in particular in the
Middle East and in Asia. The activity also benefited from the Rafale export
sales, signing the first export contract for its laser designator TALIOS. In
France, Optrolead (a joint company between Thales and Safran) received
the contract for the renovation of the Scorpion programme optronics
suite. In the UK, Thales won the contract for the sights of the SCOUT SV
armoured vehicles, and received continuous support and improvement
contracts for periscopes for the UK, Australian and Canadian Navy.
Thales also confirmed the successful launch of its long range turret thermal
imager Kate with more than 1,200 units ordered

In the field of armoured vehicles, Thales won the contract to build 1,100
Hawkei 4x4 vehicles for the Australian Defence forces. The Hawkei is
the company’s next generation protected mobility vehicle following the
life-saving success of the larger Bushmaster vehicle, which has protected
Australian and other military troops in some of the most challenging
combat environments on earth

2.1.3.4.3 Significant events in 2015

Electronic combat systems. The first four modernised Mirage 2000
systems for the Indian Air Force were delivered. Egypt signed the first
export contract for Rafale aircraft to equip its Air Force; the first three
aircraft of a total of 24 have already been delivered. Qatar also signed a
contract to acquire 24 Rafales; these aircraft will be delivered from 2018
The French defence procurement agency successfully fired the first guided
longrange airair Meteor missile, which will be utilised to the full extent of
its capabilities thanks to the Rafale’s RBE2 active electronically scanned
array radar.

Airborne surveillance and intelligence systems. The Jordanian
Government selected a new batch of tactical surveillance Master radars
to equip its Royal Air Force. The French defence procurement agency
awarded Thales and its co-prime contractor, Airbus Defence and Space,
the contract for the French Ministry of Defence's future electromagnetic
space-based signals intelligence system. The British Royal Navy selected the
Searchwater radar and the Cerberus mission system for its new surveillance
helicopters. The “Watchkeeper” drone flew successfully in civil controlled
airspace alongside manned aircraft for the first time. This is the only certified
platform of its kind with the ability to fly under these conditions.

Surface naval systems. The Duich Ministry of Defence and Thales have
formed a partnership to support four SmartL EWC early warning radars
that will equip the Royal Navy, as well as supplying and supporting two
additional Smart EWC radars for the Royal Air Force. In October 2015,
during the “At Sea Demonstration 2015" allied exercise, a Royal
Netherlands Navy ship [HNUMS De Zeven Provincién) equipped with
Smartl EWC and multifunction radars guided an SM-3 missile launched
from a US Navy ship (USS Roth) to successfully intercept a ballistic threat.
This was a first in European waters, and it demonstrated the effectiveness
and interoperability of NATO forces’ systems and equipment.

Underwater warfare systems. Through OCCAr (Organisme Conjoint de
Coopération en matiére d’Armement, Organisation for Joint Armament
Cooperation}, the French defence procurement agency and the UK
Ministry of Defence awarded Thales and BAE Systems the anti-sea mine
MMCM (Maritime Mine Counter Measures) contract. This programme
helps develop a system with autonomous vehicles designed to detect and
neutralise marine mines and underwater improvised explosive devices
(UWIED). A modernised version of variable depth sonar for mine hunters
was launched

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2

121


--- Page 9 ---

2

122

Business Review / Research and innovation

2.2. Research and innovation

Thales needs to acquire increasingly sophisticated technologies,
particularly in detection, analysis and decision-making fields, in order to
design and develop critical information systems. These innovative solutions
serve customers in the aeronautics, space, ground transportation, defence
and security markets.

2.2.1

Some 25,000 Thales employees, over 70% of them engineers, are
involved in the Group's technical operations, ranging from research to
engineering. In 2015, Thales spent €707 million (approx. 5% of sales)
purely on selffunded R&D, an essential lever to remain competitive.

2.2.2 FOUR KEY TECHNICAL DOMAINS

Governance of research and development for key technologies is split into
four domains:

> hardware technologies: electronics, electromagnetism, optronics,
acoustics, radiofrequency techniques and management of thermal
constraints;

REINVIGORATE BY USING FLEDGLING BUSINESSES

Thales bases its vision of innovation on openness and partnership across
multiple dimensions:

> a technological dimension, by collaborating with academic
laboratories;

2 an entrepreneurial dimension, the development of closer tries with
SMEs and startups;

> a “market” dimension, by coinnovating usage with customers and their
ecosystem

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT — THE KEY TO COMPETITIVENESS AND GROWTH

A significant part of this budget is devoted to upstream research,
conducted both at Thales Research & Technology (TRT) laboratories and
the Group's centres of expertise, in order to develop

> new technologies;
2 new system and product concepts;

2 new engineering tools and methods for critical information systems.

% software technology: processing computers, real-time on-board
systems, distributed systems, service-oriented architectures, model-driven
engineering, and information systems safety and security;

> information and cognitive sciences: data fusion, data mining,
autonomous systems, synthetic environments, and human factors;

2 systems: focused on architectural system design, this area provides
support for methodology, processes and expertise.

Thales is continuing its active partnership policy and its open approach to innovation with start-ups, which create a particularly dynamic

and innovative ecosystem.

By staying in touch with innovative businesses, the Group can identify emerging new technologies or new services and business models.
These startups are potential partners and suppliers, and may also be of interest with regard to a stake in the capital.

To further strengthen its access to fledgling businesses, Thales is a founding member of Starburst, a Paris-based start-up incubator specialising
in aerospace. Thales is also a strategic partner of the MIT Media Lab in the US.

In 2015, almost 120 start-ups were approached and 18 concrete projects were launched with Thales operating units, in particular in

avionics, optronics and cybersecurity.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 10 ---

2.2.3

Business Review / Research and innovation

THALES AT THE HEART OF INNOVATION ECOSYSTEMS

Wherever it has an industrial presence, Thales seeks to build partnerships
within innovation ecosystems, with academic partners, design centres,
innovative businesses and industrial groups for joint innovation on
applications, business models and technologies

To develop the technologies it needs, the Group relies heavily on
cooperation between its research teams and the academic world. Thales
Research & Technology (TRT), an international network of corporate
laboratories, is responsible for building relationships with academic
partners.

TRT has facilities in France, the UK, the Netherlands, Singapore and
Canada. In France, the Palaiseau laboratory, located on the Ecole
Polytechnique campus, is heavily involved in the programme to build up
the world-class science and technology complex in Saclay,

Similarly, Thales’s research centre in the Netherlands is located at Delft
University, while the Singapore centre has partnered with Nanyang
Technological University and with France's national research institute
CNRS, in one of the few joint international research units with an
industrial partner.

In France, Thales has numerous strategic partnerships, for example, with
the CNRS, Ecole Polytechnique, Telecom Paris Tech, Université Pierre et
Marie Curie (UPMC-Paris VI] and Université Paul Sabatier (Toulouse Ill), to
name but a few.

The most advanced form of partnership is the joint laboratory operated by
Thales with the CNRS for physics, with CEALETI in the 3-5 Lab (an EIG
whose members are Alcatel-Lucent, Thales and CEA-LETI), with CEALIST
for artificial vision and the implementation of formal approaches in critical
software, and with UPMC in data mining, etc.

Thales is positioned as a major player in numerous high-tech clusters
(including System@tic Paris Région, Aerospace Valley in southwest France,
the Maritime clusters in Brittany and Provence-Alpes-Céte d’Azur, the
Images et Réseaux — images and networks — telecommunications cluster in
the Brittany region, etc.) and the IRT (Institut de Recherche Technologique
SaintExupéry], of which it is a founding member.

In the United Kingdom, TRT has direct links to several major universities,
including Cambridge, Bristol and Southampton. Thales is an active member

of a number of centres of excellence: the MVCE (Mobile Virtual Centre
of Excellence) in mobile communications; the CSIT (Centre for Secure
Information Technologies) based at Queen’s University Belfast; the IVHM
(Integrated Vehicle Health Management) at Cranfield University, the CSIC
(Centre for Smart Infrastructure and Construction) based at Cambridge
University and the Defense Academic Pathway (DAP] alongside several
industrial and academic partners. In the UK, Thales also participates in
various think tanks: the Engineering and Physical Science Research Council
(EPSRC), the Inter Company Academic Relations Group (ICARG), and
lastly the National Centre for Universities and Business (NCUB}

In Canada, the Group regularly works with research networks and
institutions such as CRIAQ (Consortium de Recherche et Innovation en
Aérospatiale au Québec], the University of Toronto, McGill University, the
Ecole Polytechnique de Montréal and Laval University, with which Thales
concluded an agreement for a joint research unit in urban sciences.

In emerging countries, Thales is looking to spur its growth by establishing
innovation platforms locally, using the tried and tested principles of joint
innovation with local players, and in that way building close long-term
relationships

Lastly, in early 2015, the Group developed a number of more specific
actions aimed at several of the best performing startup ecosystems. In
France, Thales approached various incubators and accelerators set up
by public and private initiatives. Thales is also a founding member of the
Paris-based Starburst accelerator, which specialises in aerospace. In the
US, links are in place with innovation ecosystems in Boston (centred on
MIT) and the Silicon Valley. (See Focus 1)

Training also forms part of this overall strategy of linking the Group with
the academic world. The Group supports around 200 Ph.D. students
worldwide. They work on subjects directly connected with the technical
issues facing Thales, which thus reinforces its appeal to young scientists
Thales also supports around ten teaching chairs in line with its technical
guidelines. In 2015, Thales announced the creation of the ARISE
(ARchitecture et Ingénierie des Systemes Embarqués — architecture and
engineering for embedded systems) chair for the period 2016-2020 in
conjunction with ISAE-SUPAERO.

REINVIGORATING RAILWAY SIGNALLING: AN “ILLUMINATING” MEASUREMENT INSTRUMENT FOR TRAIN POSITIONS

Traditionally, accurate detection of train positions is based on magnetic or electrical sensors counting the axles as they cross the reference

areas located on the tracks.

In partnership with an innovative SME, Thales has recently developed a new optical-based approach. The light is transmitted by an optical
fibre and its wavelength is changed when the rail is subject to pressure consistent with a train axle passing over it. Detecting and counting
these changes in wavelength performs the same function as counting axles.

This breakthrough technology has been patent protected and makes a big difference in terms of equipment cost heavy copper wiring is no
longer required), ease of installation (thanks to its compactness) and environmental footprint (thanks to reduced power consumption).

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

2

123


--- Page 11 ---

2 Business Review / Research and innovation

124

2.2.4

A DYNAMIC APPROACH TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT

Thales supports its R&D activities with a dynamic approach to intellectual
properly management.

Thales filed almost 400 new patent applications in 2015. The continued
large number of patent applications in recent years reflects the Company's
commitment to innovation and its ability to translate research results into
competitive advantages. Once again in 2015, Thales was included
in the Thomson Reuters Top 100 Global Innovators ranking, with the

DIGITAL REVOLUTION IN AVIATION

Group standing out for the volume, success and influence of its patents,
underlining its commitment to innovation, protection of ideas and
commercialisation of inventions

The Thales portfolio included more than 16,500 patents and patent
applications at the end of 2015 and is regularly adapted to operational
requirements, particularly to protect Thales’s market share.

In 2015, the Group inaugurated its xPlor innovation hub in Boston (USA). One of this laboratory's areas of innovation concerns big data
analytics in the aviation market. This sector generates extremely large data streams, and analysis of these streams can lead to opportunities

for creating value for airlines, airports and navigation services.

Algorithmic technology for data mining, learning processes, predictive analysis and smart visualisation provide decision-making support
based solely on the analysis of this data, helping to optimise and create revenue from customer operations, detect anomalies and predict
events linked to traffic or maintenance. The first demonstrations were successfully carried out on the predictive maintenance of on-board

multimedia equipment and on correctly predicting flight arrival times.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 12 ---

Business Review / Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

2.3 Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

2.3.1 SIMPLIFIED ORGANISATIONAL CHART AT 31 DECEMBER 2015

2

This simplified organisational chart includes fully consolidated companies that account for more than 0.5% of consolidated sales, in the main countries in

which the Group operates

The companies consolidated under the equity method are not included in this chart (with the exception of DCNS]

ss

UNITED UNITED
FRANCE = GERMANY NETHERLANDS yinigpgy CANADA STATES AUSTRALIA
00x 100% | ox} ox sey 100% | 100% |
Thales Systémes Thales Electronic Thales Nederland Toles UK [2% Tholes Canada Thales Avionics Thales Australia
Aéroportés SAS Systems GmbH BV Limited Inc Inc lid
ee R: FFT 00
les % 3
Thles Ar Tren san Thales Defense &
Systems SAS Sst Gi Security Ine
m | 2% 10% 100%
Toles Optronique Tholes Avionics Thales Components
l>| SAS P| lid Corporation
67% 100%
Thales Alenia Thales Training &
[| Space sas P| simulation id
100% 100%
Thales Thales Hovl Lid
[>| Communications & py mes Naval
Securily SAS
100%
ea 5 Thales Underwater
Thales Underwater Systems Lid
[| systems Sas
om 100%
Thales Optronic
Thales Raytheon Pp
|» systems Company
SAS 100%
100% Thales Transport &
TDA Armements Security Ud
L,|
sas 0% |
100% 100% Toles Ground
- — Transportation
Toles Services TholesTrcning & Systems UK Ld
|| ales
sas Simulation SAS
100% 51%
Toles Electron :
ese Lay Wixllas
100%

[| Thales Avionics
Electrical Systems SAS|

100%

Thales Avionics
SAS.

35%

>| DCNS

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

125


--- Page 13 ---

2

126

2.3.2

Business Review / Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

ROLE OF THE PARENT COMPANY WITHIN THE GROUP

The parent company acts as a holding company for the Group
> itholds shares in the Group's major subsidiaries;

> it manages central functions such as Group strategy, trading policy,
legal and financial policy, operational monitoring, hurnan resources
policy and communications;

> it provides subsidiaries with specialist assistance, including legal, tax
and financial expertise, for which the subsidiaries pay a fee;

2.3.3

> it provides financing, cash pooling and, where necessary, guarantees

In addition to these functions, the parent company conducts its own
research, described on page 122 ef seq. of this document.

A list of the main consolidated companies can be found in section 2.4.1,
page 127

FINANCIAL FLOWS BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES

The parent company receives dividends from its subsidiaries, as approved
by their respective General Meetings of Shareholders, and in accordance
with the applicable legislation and regulations in their countries of
operation

In addition to these dividends and the payment of fees for shared services,
the main financial flows between the Thales parent company and its
subsidiaries relate to cash pooling

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

As a tule, the cash surpluses of subsidiaries are transferred to the parent
company under a centralisation system known as cash pooling. In return,
the parent company meets the cash flow requirements of the subsidiaries.
The parent company conducts operations in financial markets to arrange
the necessary investments and loans, in the context of cash pooling,
to meet its own requirements and those of its subsidiaries. Except in
special cases, this system applies to all subsidiaries in which Thales has
majority control

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 14 ---

Business Review / Information about major operational subsidiaries and manufacturing sites 2

2.4 Information about major operational subsidiaries
and manufacturing sites

2.4.1 LIST OF MAIN CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

The materiality criteria used to prepare these tables have also been applied to the list of the main consolidated companies in Note 17 to the consolidated
financial statements.

% of capital held % of voti

Company name Country by Thales rights held
1. Controlled companies (fully consolidated)

TDA Armements SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Alenia Space SAS France 67% 67%
Thales Alenia Space ltalia SpA Italy 67% 67%
Thales Air Systems SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Australia Ltd Australia 100% 100%
Thales Austria GmbH Austria 100% 100%
Thales Avionics SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Avionics Inc United States 100% 100%
Thales Avionics Electrical Systems SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Canada Inc Canada 100% 100%
Thales Communications & Security SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Components Corporation United States 100% 100%
Thales Defense & Security Inc United States 100% 100%
Thales Electronic Systems GmbH Germany 100% 100%
Thales eSecurity, Inc United States 100% 100%
Thales Espana Grp SAU Spain 100% 100%
Thales Electron Devices SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Italia SpA Italy 100% 100%
Thales Nederland BV Netherlands 99% 99%
Thales Norway AS Norway 100% 100%
Thales Optronique SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Polska Sp. z.0.0. Poland 100% 100%
Thales Transportation Systems GmbH Germany 100% 100%
Thales Ground Transportation Systems UK Lid United Kingdom 100% 100%
Thales Rail Signalling Solutions AG Switzerland 100% 100%
ThalesRaytheon Systems Company SAS France 50% 50%
Thales Security Solutions & Services Company Saudi Arabia 100% 100%
Thales Services SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Solutions Asia Pte lid Singapore 100% 100%
Thales Sysiémnes Aéroportés SAS France 100% 100%
Thales Transport & Security [Hong-Kong] ltd Hong Kong 100% 100%
Thales Transport & Security Lid United Kingdom 100% 100%
Thales Training & Simulation SAS France 100% 100%
Trixell SAS France 51% 51%
Thales Underwater Systems SAS France 100% 100%
Thales UK Lid United Kingdom 100% 100%

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 127


--- Page 15 ---

2 Business Review / Information about major operational subsidiaries and manufacturing sites

% of capital held % of voti

Company name Country by Thales rights held
2. Joint ventures (under equity method)

Thales Raytheon Systems Air and Missile Defense Command and Control SAS France 50% 50%
Citylink Telecommunications Holdings Lid United Kingdom 33% 33%
DCNS France 35% 35%
Dich! Aerospace GmbH Germany 49% 49%
Hanwha Thales Co., ltd (formerly, Samsung Thales Co., Ltd.) South Korea 50% 50%
Sofradir SAS France 50% 50%
3. Associated companies (under equity method)

Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems United States 30% 30%
Air Tanker Holdings Ltd United Kingdom 13% 13%
Elettronica SpA taly 33% 33%
ThalesRaytheon Systerns Company LC United States 50% 50%
Telespazio SpA Italy 33% 33%

128 THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 Www. thalesgroup com


--- Page 16 ---

Business Review / Information about major operational subsidiaries and manufacturing sites 2

2.4.2 || MAJOR MANUFACTURING SITES

As of the end of 2015, there were 14 sites employing more than 1,000 staff.

At 31 December 2015 Headcount med Size (m2)
France

Bordeaux (South-west) 2,100 Leased (Le Haillan), and Owned (Pessac} 59,000
Brest (Brittany) 1,423 leased 56,000
Cannes (Provence] 1,128 OwnedLeased 83,000
Cholet (Pays de la Loire) 1,886 leased 51,000
Gennevilliers (Ile-de-France) 3,432 leased 86,000
Elancourt (llede-France| 3,067 leased 104,000
Massy {ilede-France) 1,078 leased 26,000
Rungis {lledeFrance] 1,066 leased 31,000
Toulouse (South-west) 3,830 OwnedLeased 142,000
Vélizy (Ile-de-France 4,440 leased 130,000
United Kingdom

Crawley 1,712 leased 34,000
Netherlands

Hengelo 1,291 Owned 87,000
Australia

Sydney 1,075 leased 60,000
Germany

Stuttgart 1,520 leased 59,000

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 129


--- Page 17 ---

JOINT SHAREHOLDING BETWEEN THE FRENCH STATE AND DASSAULT AVIATION

THREE AGREEMENTS

PRINCIPAL PROVISIONS:

2 Definition of corporate governance and composition of Thales corporate governing bodies

2 Veto right and commitments of Dassault Aviation (the “Industrial Partner”) to the French State (the “Public Sector”)
> Restrictions concerning the transfer or disposal of “strategic interests”

% A shareholders’ agreement valid until December 2016, tacitly renewable for periods of five years

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT 31 DECEMBER 2015

> 16 members, including 14 elected by the General Shareholders’ Meeting, including 1 employee shareholder representative, and 2
representatives elected by employees

2 4 independent members, 6 women on the Board of Directors {including one employee representative)
> Reduction in the length of director terms to 4 years, approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of 24 May 2013

2 Board met 9 times in 2015, with an attendance rate of 96%

THREE COMMITTEES:
2 Strategic Committee (4 meetings in 2015 with an attendance rate of 100%)
> Audit & Accounts Committee (6 meetings in 2015 with an attendance rate of 100%)

2 Governance & Remuneration Committee (5 meetings in 2015 with an attendance rate of 100%)

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

‘Marc Darmon Alex Cresswell Pierre Eric Pommellet Gil Michielin Jean-Loic Galle Millar Crawford
Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Executive Vice President
Secure Communications Lond Defence Mission Systems Avionics Space Ground Tronsporation
cond Information Systems & Air Systems ‘Systems

a

PATRICE CAINE
Chairman & Chief Executive
Officer
Michel Mathieu Pascale Sourisse David Tournadre Pascal Bouchiat Isabelle Simon Philippe Keryer
‘Senior Executive Vice Senior Executive Vice ‘Senior Executive Vice ‘Senior Executive Vice Group Secretary Executive Vice President
President President, Intemational President President ‘Strategy, Research
Operations & Performance Development Human Resources Finance and Information cand Technology

130 = THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 www.thalesgroup.com
