

--- Page 1 ---

Financial information 2015 / Management report

Management report

1.1.1

REPORT ON OPERATIONS AND RESULTS

1d

KEY FIGURES (ADJUSTED)

Total change

Organic change

Order intake
Order book at end of period
Sales
EBITIs!
in % of sales
Adjusted net income, Group share'*!
Adjusted net income, Group share, per share!”
Consolidated net income, Group share
Dividend per share!
Free operating cash flow!

Net cash at yearend

18,880 14,363 4$31% +28%
32,292 27,285 +18% 4$17%
14,063 12,974 +8.4% $4.5%
1,216 985 +23% +18%
8.6% 7.6% +Ipt +Ipt
809 562 +44%
3.89 275 +42%
765 714 47%
1.36 1.12 $21%
1,110 501 +122%
1,978 1,006 497%

[a] Non-GAAP measures, see definitions in section 1.1.1.2, and computations page 9.

(b) Proposed to the Shareholders’ Meeting on 18 May 2016.

In 2015, Thales achieved a record level of orders. Sales experienced
solid growth after remaining virtually stable for several years. Profitability
grew in line with medium-term targets.

The Group exceeded alll financial targets set for 2015, which were
to achieve a low-single digit sales growth and an EBIT of between
€1,130 million and €1,150 million

1.1.1.2 | PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL

INFORMATION

Accounting policies

The consolidated financial statements of the Thales group are prepared
in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as
approved by the European Union at 31 December 2015

These principles, described in note 14 of the consolidated financial
statements (pages 73 to 77), are consistent with those applied for the year
ended 31 December 2014, with the exception of the first time adoption
of the new IFRIC 21 interpretation on public levies, and the amendment to
IAS] (presentation of financial statements)

Definitions of non-GAAP financial indicators

In order to facilitate better monitoring and benchmarking of its financial
and operating performance, the Group presents three key non-GAAP
indicators, which allow it to exclude non-operating and non-recurring
items. They are determined as follows

8 THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

> EBIT, an adjusted operating metric, corresponds to income from
operations plus the share of the net income (loss) of equity-accounted
companies, before the impact of entries relating to the amortisation of
intangible assets acquired (purchase price allocation, "PPA" recorded
as part of significant business combinations;

2 adjusted net income corresponds to the net income, excluding the
following items, net of the corresponding tax effects:

> amortisation of acquired intangible assets,

-> results of disposals of assets, change in scope of consolidation
and others,

> change in fair value of derivative foreign exchange instruments
(recorded in “other financial results” in the consolidated
accounts) ,

> actuarial gains {losses} on long-term benefits (accounted within
the “finance cost on pensions and other long-term benefits” in the
consolidated accounts);

% free operating cash-flow corresponds to the net cash flow from
operating activities before contributions to reduce the pension deficit
in the United Kingdom, and after deducting net operating investments.

It is reminded that only the consolidated financial statements at

1 December were audited by the statutory auditors. The consolidated
financial statements include the EBIT, the calculation of which is outlined
in note 2 “segment information" to the consolidated financial statements,
page 40. Adjusted financial information other than that provided in note 2
“segment information” is subject to the verification procedures applicable
to all information included in this report.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 2 ---

Financial information 2015 / Management report |

The impact of these adjustment entries on the income statements for 2014 In this management report, the amounts expressed in millions of euros
and 2015 is reflected in the tables on pages 9 and 10. Calculation of are rounded to the nearest million. As a result, the sums of the rounded
free operating cash-flow is outlined on page 11 amounts may differ very slightly from the reported totals. All ratios and

variances are calculated based on underlying amounts, which feature in
the consolidated financial statements

2 IMPACT OF ADJUSTMENT ENTRIES IN THE INCOME STATEMENT - 2015

Adjustments
Actuarial
2015 Amort.of Income (loss) Change in fair differences 2015
consolidated intangible from disposals value of FX long-term adjusted
P&L assets (PPA) and others derivatives benefits P&L
Sales 14,063 14,063
Cost of sales (10,688) (10,688)
R&D expenses (692) (692)
Marketing and selling expenses (981) (981)
General and administrative expenses (532) (532)
Restructuring costs (94) (94)
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets (PPA) (112) 112 0
Income from operations 965 N/A
Impairment of non-current operating assets! i} -
Disposal of assets, changes in scope and others 53 (53) 0
Share of net income (loss) in equity affiliates 113 27 140
Income from operations after income
from equity affiliates 1,131 =
EBIT N/A 1,216
Impairment of non-current operating assets! - i}
Cost of net financial debt 4 4
Other financial income [expenses] (42) 32 (10)
Financial cost on pensions and other
long-term benefits (60) (12) (73)
Income tax (220) (38) (1) (11) 4 (266)
Net income (loss) 813 100 (55) 21 (8) 871
Non-controlling interests (48) (13) (2) (62)
NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE 765 88 (55) 19 (8) 809
Average number of shares (thousands) 208,112 208,112

NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE, PER SHARE

(a) Included in “Income from operations afer income from equityaccounted companies" in the consolidated income statement and in "Net income {loss]" in the adjusted income
statement.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 9


--- Page 3 ---

10

Financial information 2015 / Management report

2 IMPACT OF ADJUSTMENT ENTRIES IN THE INCOME STATEMENT - 2014

Adjustments
Actuarial
2014 Amort. of Income (loss) Change in fair differences 2014
consolidated intangible from disposals value of FX long-term adjusted
€ P&L assets (PPA) and others derivatives benefits P&L
Sales 12,974 12,974
Cost of sales (9,792) (9,792)
R&D expenses (641) (641)
Marketing and selling expenses (914) (914)
General and administrative expenses (519) (519)
Restructuring costs (114) (114)
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets (PPA) (104) 104 ie)
Income from operations 889 N/A
Impairment of non-current operating assets” (0) -
Income from disposals, changes in scope and others 249 (249) )
Share of income (loss) in equity affiliate
companies (34) 7 7)
Income from operations after income
from equity affiliates 1,104 -
EBIT N/A 985
Impairment of non-current operating assets” (0)
Cost of net financial debt 2 2
Other financial income [expenses] (40) 12 (27)
Financial cost on pensions and other
long-term benefits (90) 13 (77)
Income tax (214) (35) (1) (4) (4) (258)
Net income (loss) 762 95 (249) 8 9 625
Non-controlling interests (48) (15) (62)
NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE 714 80 (249) 562
Average number of shares (thousands) 204,774 204,774
NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE, PER SHARE
linet 3.49 2.75
(a) Included in “Income from operations afer income from equityaccounted companies" in the consolidated income statement and in "Net income {loss]" in the adjusted income

statement.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 4 ---

2 DETERMINING FREE OPERATING CASH-FLOW

Financial information 2015 / Management report

Operating cash-flow before interest and tax 1,643 1,466
Change in working capital requirements and in reserves for contingencies 143 (287)
Payment of pension benefits, excluding contributions related to the reduction of the UK pension deficit 124) (122)
Net financial interest paid 9 (14)
Income tax paid 102) (98)
Net cash-flow from operating activities, excluding contributions related to the reduction of the UK

pension deficit 1,569 944
Net operating investments (458) (443)
FREE OPERATING CASH-FLOW 1,110 501
Net (acquisitions) /disposals 37 (374)
Contributions related to the reduction of the UK pension deficit 101) (69)
Dividends 234) (243)
Exchange rate and others 159 14
CHANGE IN NET CASH 971 (71)

1.1.1.3 ORDER INTAKE

The new orders booked in 2015 amounted to €18,880 million, an increase of 31% compared to 2014 (+28% at constant scope and exchange rates!"))

The book-to-bill ratio was 1.34 for the 2015 financial year.

Aerospace

Transport
Defence & Security

Total — operating segments
Others

TOTAL

Thales also benefited from a particularly high number of large orders
(with a unit value over €100 million): 24 large orders in all Group
segments, following on from 19 in 2013 and 2014

> 12 large orders in the Aerospace segment, including the installation
of a new generation of individual screens across the entire A320 fleet
of US airline JetBlue, the supply of two military satellite systems for
the French Army (Ceres and ComSat NG}, two telecommunications
satellites (Bangladesh, Eutelsat), the construction of 8 additional
satellites for the O3B constellation, a new phase of the Cosmo-SkyMed
contract (Italy), a contract as part of the Galileo global navigation
system and 4 contracts for the European Space Agency in observation
and exploration (Sentinel 1C/1D, Sentinel 3C/3D, additional
tranches of the Euclid and Exomars programs};

3 large orders in the Transport segment, for the supervision and

>
signalling in the subway systems of London, Doha (Qatar) and
Hong Kong;

> 9 large orders in the Defence & Security segment, including the

upgrade of the French army's air defence system (Aster BINT),
optronics systems for “Scout” armoured vehicles in the UK, "Hawkei"
light protected vehicles for the Australian Defense Force, contracts for
the Rafale fighter aircraft in Egypt and Qatar, airport security in Oman,
an air defence system in Malaysia as well as the sale of military
equipment to two customers in the Middle East.

2014 Total change Organic change

6,279 5,024 +25% +20%

2,826 1,651 +7 1% +66%

9,704 7,608 +28% +24%

18,809 14,284 +32% +28%
7) 79

18,88 14,363 +31% +28%

In 2015, the Group signed 5 “jumbo” contracts with a unit value over
€500 million: the signalling for 4 lines of the London Underground
network, orders relating to the acquisition of the Rafale fighter aircraft
by Egypt and Gatar, the order for over 1,000 vehicles by the Australian
Defense Force ("Hawkei"), and a military satellite communications system
for France (ComSat NG)

The positive dynamic order trend was not restricted to large contracts:
orders with a unit value under €10 million were up 6% compared to
2014

From a geographical perspective, orders were up sharply both in mature
markets (€12,701 million, +26%, including France: +14%, United
Kingdom: +68%, Australia/New Zealand: +58%) and in emerging
markets (€6, 179 million, +45%, including Asia: +17% and the Middle
East: +93%)

Order intake for the Aerospace segment rose sharply to €6,279 million,
compared to €5,024 million in 2014 (+25%). Avionics orders increased,
boosted by continued growth in commercial and military avionics,
both original equipment and support. In the in-flight entertainment (IFE)
business, the Group signed several large contracts, including with JetBlue,
Singapore Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines and Japan Airlines. There was
a strong commercial momentum in the Space business, in the institutional
segment for observation, navigation and exploration satellites as well
as in the telecommunications segment, with the signing of the previously
mentioned large contracts.

[i] Given a positive exchange rate effect of €399 million and a net positive scope effect of €47 million, mainly related to the consolidation of live TV on I*July 2014

(Aerospace segment).

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 5 ---

| Financial information 2015 / Management report

In the Transport segment, orders were up 71% on 2014, at
€2,826 million, thanks in particular to the “jumbo” contract awarded by
London Underground for the renovation of the signalling for four major
lines on its network

Order intake in the Defence & Security segment totaled €9,704 million
compared to €7,608 million in 2014 (+28%). As previously explained,

SALES

1114

this segment enjoyed numerous commercial successes in Land & Air
Systems (provision of "Hawkei” light protected vehicles to the Australian
Defense Force, the French army's air defence system upgrade, optronics
for “Scout” armoured vehicles in the UK, etc.) and in Defence Mission
Systems (equipments for the Egyptian and Qatari Rafales, submarine
systems...) Orders in the Secure Communications and Information Systems
business line fell slightly, but remained above sales

2014 Total change Organic change
Aerospace 5,381 5,014 +7.3% +1.7%
Transport 1,519 1,402 +8.4% +4.1%
Defence & Security 7,084 6,480 +9.3% +6.8%
Total - operating segments 13,985 12,895 +8.5% 44.5%
Others 78 79
TOTAL 14,063 12,974 +8.4% +4.5%

Sales for 2015 amounted to €14,063 million, compared to
€12,974 million in 2014, up 8.4% on a reported basis", and up 4.5%
at constant scope and exchange rates |“organic” change}, while in 2014,
they fell organically by 1.1% compared to 2013

Geographically speaking, this performance can be explained both by the
return of organic growth in mature markets (+0.5%} and by continued solid
growth in emerging markets (+16%, following on from +12% in 2014]

In the Aerospace segment, sales amounted to €5,381 million, up 7.3%
compared to 2014 (+1.7% at constant scope and exchange rates}
The Avionics business continued to benefit from a favourable currency
impact and the acquisition of Live TV, as well as the increased sales of
commercial avionics and inflight entertainment systems. However, sales of
helicopter avionics, tubes and imaging systems were down. Revenues in
the Space business increased slightly, with the momentum in observation,
exploration and navigation activities offsetting the fall in revenues seen
from telecommunication satellites.

In the Transport segment, sales amounted to €1,519 million, up 8.4%
compared to 2014 (+4.1% at constant scope and exchange rates)
Despite execution difficulties on a number of contracts, this segment
returned to growth after two years of organic decline in sales, thanks to
main line rail signalling, supervision, and especially urban rail signalling
projects, which are growing once again.

Sales in the Defence & Security segment reached €7,084 million, up
9.3% compared to 2014 (+6.8% at constant scope and exchange rates)
All activities contributed to this positive trend. The Land & Air Systems
business saw strong growth, specifically in missile systems, “Bushmaster”
and "Hawkei” armoured vehicles, and civil and military radars. The
Defence Mission Systems business benefited from the ramp-up of the SSOP
(Sensors Support Optimisation Project} contract in the United Kingdom,
and the start of the Rafale contract in Egypt. In addition to the good
performance seen in cybersecurity activities, the Secure Communications
and Information Systems business did well in terms of radio-communications
and started to book revenues on the Oman airports project.

I) Given a positive exchange rate effect of €413 million and a net positive scope effect of €78 million, mainly related to the consolidation of live TV on 1* July 2014

(Aerospace segmeni.

12 THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 6 ---

Financial information 2015 / Management report

7 EBIT

For 2015, the Group reported an EBIT! of €1,216 million, which represents 8.6% of sales, compared to €985 million (7.6% of sales} in 2014

2014 Total change Organic change
Aerospace 518 505 +2% -3%
in % of sales 9.6% 10.1%
Transport (37) 32 NM NM
in % of sales (2.4%) 2.3%
Defence & Security 760 620 +23% +18%
in % of sales 10.7% 9.6%
Total - operating segments 1,241 1,158 +7% +3%
in % of sales 8.9% 9.0%
Others — excluding DCNS (47) (56)
Total - excluding DCNS 1,194 1,102 +8% +4%
in % of sales 8.5% 8.5%
DCNS (share at 35%) 22 (117)
TOTAL 1,216 985 +23% +18%
in % of sales 8.6% 7.0%

The EBIT for the Aerospace segment increased again to €518 million
(9.6% of sales) compared to €505 million (10.1% of sales) in 2014. The
EBIT margin, which reached a high level in 2014, was down slightly, due
primarily to the effect of higher R&D spending

The Transport segment reported an EBIT of -€37 million (-2.4% of sales}
compared to €32 million (2.3% of sales) in 2014. As part of the indepth
review of the contract portfolio carried out during the first half of 2015,
additional charges were booked, which had a major impact on the
profitability of this segment. In line with the recovery plan implemented
by the new management team, this segment achieved break-even in the
second half of 2015 (+€2 million)

After 2016, which should see break-even achieved, the current recovery
plan should allow this business to gradually return to profitability in the
coming years.

The EBIT for the Defence & Security segment increased significanily,
totaling €760 million (10.7% of sales) compared to €620 million
in 2014 (9.6% of sales). In addition to the very satisfactory level
of contract execution, the rise in margins was driven by the healthy
commercial dynamics, particularly in the Land & Air Systems and Secure
Communications and Information Systems businesses.

The contribution made by DENS to EBIT stood at €22 million in 2015,
compared with -€117 million in 2014. DCNS is implementing its
recovery plan as expected. DCNS results in 2015 were a little higher
than expected, mainly due to non-recurring items.

Adjusted financial results

The amount of net financial interest remained low, at €4 million in 2015
compared to €2 million in 2014, while other adjusted financial results”)
were improving (-€10 million in 2015 compared to -€27 million in
2014). Adjusted financial income on pensions and other employee
benefits! fared slightly better than in 2014 [-€73 million compared to

(1) Non-GAAP measures, see definitions

(2) Non-GAAP measures, see definitions

-€77 million), since the discount rates at the end of 2014, which were
used to determine the 2015 financial cost, were lower than the 2013
rates.

Adjusted net income

The adjusted net income, Group share”! stood at €809 million,
compared to €562 million in 2014, after an adjusted tax charge!”! of
€266 million compared to €258 million in 2014. The effective tax rate is
27%, compared to 29% in 2014

The adjusted net income, Group share, per share”! amounted to €3.89,
up sharply on 2014 (€2.75}

1.1.1.6

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

Income from operations

Income from operations amounted to €965 million against €889 million
in 2014, up 9%. This increase reflects the improvement in gross
profitability and tighter control of indirect costs, up only 5%

Income from operations after income from
equity-accounted companies

Income from operations after income from equity-accounted companies
came to €1,131 million, compared to €1,104 million in 2014. The
limited increase, in spite of the increase in income from operations,
reflected two items

> gain on disposal amounted to €53 million, significantly lower
compared to the level recorded in 2014 (€249 million), which was
driven by a significant fair value adjustment on Thales Raytheon
Systems SAS and Trixell SAS, after an amendment to the shareholders’

section 1.1.1.2, page 8 and computation, page 10.
section 1.1.1.2, page 8, and computation pages 9 and 10.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015


--- Page 7 ---

| Financial information 2015 / Management report

agreements of these joint ventures led to Thales taking sole control, but
with no change in the percentage ownership of the joint shareholders
of these companies;

> the share of income of equity-accounted companies amounted to
13 million, after a loss in 2014 related to the substantial net loss
posted by DCNS for that year.

Net income

Consolidated net income, Group share, totaled €765 million compared
with €714 million in 2014, after tax of €220 million versus €214 million
in 2014, and including an improvement in the financial costs on pensions
and other longterm benefits (€60 million versus €90 million in 2014)

1.1.1.7

FINANCIAL POSITION
AT 31 DECEMBER 201

Free operating cash flow, the calculation for which is given in
Section 1.1.1.2, amounted to €1,110 million. It increased sharply
compared to 2014 (€501 million), despite an increase in net operating
investments (€458 million compared to €443 million in 2014] as part of
the optimisation of the Group's industrial base. Above and beyond the
improvement in EBIT, it benefited from advance payments received on
orders recorded during the year.

At 3] December 2015, net cash amounied to €1,978 million compared
to €1,006 million at the end of December 2014. The acquisition of

Vormetric, announced in October 2015, is expected to be completed in
the first half of 2016

1.1.2 RISK FACTORS

Equity, Group share, stood at €4,646 million compared to
€3,782 million at the end of December 2014, due primarily to
consolidated net income, Group share, of €765 million

1.1.1.8 PROPOSED DIVIDEND

At the Annual General Meeting on 18 May 2016, the Board of Directors
will propose the distribution of a dividend of €1.36 per share to the
shareholders, an increase of 21% on 2014.

IF approved, the exdividend date will be 30 May 2016 and the payment
date will be 1: June 2016. The dividend will be paid fully in cash and will
amount to €1.01 per share, after deducting the interim dividend of €0.35
per share already paid in December 2015

1.1.1.9 OUTLOOK

After the record level seen in 2015, new orders are expected to remain
high in 2016, close to the level observed in 2013-2014"). Sales should
see a mid-single digit organic growth compared to 2015

This positive trend, combined with continuing efforts to improve
competitiveness, should result in Thales posting an EBIT between €1,300
and €1,330 million (based on exchange rates in February 2016}, which
will represent an increase between 7% and 9% compared to 2015

In this context, Thales is upgrading its medium-term sales growth target.
The Group is now aiming for mic-single digit organic growth in 2017 and
2018. It also confirms its EBIT margin target of 9.5 to 10% in the same
time frame

Thales is exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties which could
materially affect its business, reputation, financial position, results or ability
to achieve its objectives. The risks described below are not the only ones
that Thales faces. Other risks, unknown to Thales on this date, or which
presently appear to be non-significant, could also have an unfavourable
impact on the business, profitability and financial position of the Group or
its ability to achieve its objectives.

Generally, Thales may be faced with @ number of operational, strategic,
legal and financial risks

1.1.2.1 OPERATIONAL AND STRATEGIC RISKS _

1.1.2.1.1

Thales operates in highly competitive markets, both in terms of international
groups and in terms of local or niche companies in certain market
segments. This competitive pressure could negatively impact Thales's
commercial position, sales and profits

Competitive environment

It could also intensify in an unfavourable economic environment and
there is no guarantee that Thales will be able to position itself successfully
against its current or future competitors.

In order to limit the impact of this risk, Thales continues its research and
development efforts in order to provide more competitive and differentiating

(I) Average 2013-14 order intake: €13.6 billion.

14 THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

elements, and it also works to upgrade its product offer in order to meet the
needs of its customers in both the defence and civil markets.

1.1.2.1.2 Cyclical nature of the civil aviation market

Demand for air travel appears closely linked to general economic trends,
but is also affected by specific factors, such as the characteristics of
aircraft fleets in service, regulatory changes (new environmental standards,
deregulation, etc.) and the ability of airlines to access financing

Moreover, trends in oil prices have a direct impact on the profitability, and
therefore, the investment decisions of airlines. In addition, the civil aviation
market is also susceptible to the effects of intensification (real or perceived)
of terrorist activity, as well as conflicts and epidemics or disasters, which
can have an important, if temporary, impact on air traffic and thus affect
the entire civil aviation market.

In order to remain profitable in a difficult market, airlines could cancel
or postpone orders and aircraft manufacturers might have to reduce
production rates. This environment could also lead the airlines to reduce
or delay their maintenance expenditure or their investments in in-flight
entertainment systems. Similarly, air navigation service providers could
reduce or delay investments in air traffic control equipment and systems
Were they to materialise, these factors could have a negative impact on
Thales's profitability and financial position

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 8 ---

To limit the impact of this risk, Thales is pursuing action on two fronts
(i) ongoing improvements to its competitive performance and industrial
flexibility in order to better manage trading fluctuations during the cycle
and (ii) a comprehensive strategy seeking a balance within its business
portfolio (with exposure to the civil aviation market limited to around 15%
of Group sales)

1.1.2.1.3 | Dependence on public procurement

Thales generates most of its business from governments, particularly in the
defence markets in France and the UK, and, to a lesser extent, in the rest
of Europe, North America and Australia. In these markets, public spending
is dependent on political and economic factors and is therefore likely to
fluctuate from one year to the next. A significant reduction in defence
budgets, particularly in Europe as part of a more restrictive budget policy,
could affect the Group's business and profitability. In fact, a reduction in
the budget resources of government customers could generate delays in
order booking, contract execution, payments or a decrease in funding for
research and development programmes

Thales has based its strategy on a balanced portfolio of defence
operations and civil operations, each accounting for approximately 50%
of sales. The overall solidity of the portfolio is underpinned by a diversified
base of orders with a unit value of less than €100 million. Finally, the
broad geographic spread of Thales's business, particularly through its
international operations, ensures further diversification of its customer base

1.1.2.1.4 Political risks

A significant proportion of Thales's sales is subject to the risk of economic
and/or political instability in the countries in which the Group operates.
The materialisation of these risks may affect the Group's financial position

and profitability.

In particular, a change in government, major political event, armed
conflict, act of terrorism, sharp deterioration in the balance of payments,
industrial action, strike or protest could lead to various types of risks
These include

> more restrictive currency control, with limitations or exclusions on
withdrawing currency from a customer country, preventing it from
honouring its financial commitments to Thales;

> impairment of assets because of devaluations of the local currency or
other measures taken by public authorities that significantly affect the
value of operations;

> expropriation (by confiscation, nationalisation, requisition, etc.) or the
forced sale of Thales's interest in a local company, or, more broadly,
discriminatory measures that compromise Thales's operations in a
country;

> a security situation entailing a risk of bodily harm for its employees
and/or security breaches at its facilities, which severely limit or prevent
Thales from assuming its performance obligations under a contract, or
reduce or prohibit the use of its local industrial assets;

> an unexpected breach of a contract or commitment;

> an unfair call of a bond or a guarantee;

> the nor-certification of documents eligible for payment, or non-payment

on the due dates stipulated in a contract, which prevent the anticipated
progress of that contract.

To limit the financial impact of these risks, Thales seeks to protect its
interests as far as possible through contractual provisions. In addition, the

Financial information 2015 / Management report

Group may use government and/or private sector insurers when necessary
to provide appropriate cover. If applicable, it may also transfer receivables
without recourse to financial institutions

Lastly, the Group has implemented a global procedure for employee
security, crisis detection and response, protection and monitoring (see
paragraph 1.1.2.1.10 on Security breaches in respect of sites and staff]

1.1.2.1.5 Control of bids and programmes

Many of Thales’s products and systems are highly complex due to their
advanced technology content, the rigorous operational constraints and
harsh environments in which they operate (which require them to be
extremely reliable) and the contractual arrangements surrounding their sale
(comprehensive prime contractorships for large-scale systems, public-private
partnerships or equivalent, local shares, compensation commitments, etc.)

The actual cost of design, development and manufacture may therefore
exceed initial cost estimates, which in turn may adversely impact Thales's
results and financial position, especially considering that the associated
contracts are generally based on a fixed, alkinclusive price. In addition,
many contracts include stringent performance levels and/or tight delivery
schedules for the products or systems sold, particularly given the increased
competition. If Thales is unable to deliver these products or systems in
line with the required level of performance and/or delivery schedule,
customers may demand penalty payments or even decide to terminate
the contract.

Bid and project management is therefore subject to a detailed risk
management and assessment process. Thales ranks the various levels
of criticality. Critical bids and projects are specifically monitored at the
management level of the operating entities (Business Lines and Global
Business Units) and, as needed, by Group management.

Contractual risk assessment is an integral part of the tendering process.
Depending on the complexity of the bid, this procedure involves a number
of steps which progressively sharpen the estimated level of profitability and
the associated risks to be assessed. Particular attention is paid to longterm
sales contracts that include fixed prices valid for the entire duration of
the agreement.

For certain contracts that run for several years and involve products and
services with a high degree of complexity, regular reviews are organised
in order to monitor the technical and financial progress.

The Group continues to pay particular attention to analyses and action
plans for the management efficiency of bids and projects by measuring
and monitoring financial variance on the projects and the implementation
of corrective actions.

In the context of the Ambition Boost performance programme, the Group
has also implemented action plans to improve the management of bids
and projects, engineering and the supply chain. These actions aim in
particular to:

2 improve the product policy, in order to streamline new developments
and thus reduce risks;

improve the management of commitments made, with widespread
use of independent peer reviews, closer involvernent of Engineering,
Purchasing, Production, Legal and Quality Control and the introduction
of Product and Project Design Authorities responsible for developing
the technical project solution (during the bid or product/ project
execution phase);

improve the supply chain, by increasing its global dimension and
enhance the growing maturity of emerging countries in project
implementation;

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

15


--- Page 9 ---

|

16

Financial information 2015 / Management report

> improve methods, practices and tools, to make them more relevant to
international products/projects. In particular for emerging countries,
this involves the implementation of a project management tool, SAP by

Design, adapted to these countries;

introduce advanced training for project managers to obtain
International Project Management Association (IPMA) certification
At the end of 2015, nearly 1,000 project managers within the Group
had gained IPMA certification, with approximately 210 certified during
the year.

Vv

1.1.2.1.6 Supplier risk

Purchases constitute a very significant proportion of Thales’s business,
representing nearly half its sales for manufacturing, services, equipment
and sub-systems. Thales is thus exposed to the risk of industrial, technical
or financial failure of any of its suppliers, which in turn could affect the
Company's profitability and performance.

There are two major types of supplier risk

> legal or regulatory non-compliance (ethics, export control, intellectual
property, etc.); these risks are handled by the departments concerned
using the Group Risk Management system with the support of the
Purchasing Department;

structural and operational risks that could disrupt supply, which are dealt
with by the Purchasing Department using the Group Risk Management
system. The Purchasing Department has identified two key triggers:
supplier default and economic dependence.

Vv

Risk of supplier default

Supplier default could be caused by a major incident at one of its sites, by
its external environment (shortage of raw materials or components, major
political instability, natural disaster, etc.) or through mismanagement. The
supplier's management performance is monitored both in operating terms
(poor procurement planning, failure to manage tier 2 suppliers, loss of
control over industrial processes, plant obsolescence, etc.) and in cross-
disciplinary and financial terms (poor skills management, loss of knowhow,
fall in sales, mismanagement of working capital requirement, cash flow
problems, administration or bankruptcy protection, etc.). A combination of
problems could lead to the disappearance of a company or its takeover
by investors with different interests from those of Thales.

Consequently, faced with this risk of a supply shortage, Thales implements
a dual sourcing or alternative-source] policy as frequently as possible
for each technology family, regularly updated and accompanied by
buffer stocks that cover its requirements until customer contracts have

been fulfilled

In addition, taking into account the increased risk of fragility of certain
suppliers in the current economic climate, Thales has introduced a special
approach. Based on close cooperation between buyers and financial
teams, it is aimed at identifying, from among its critical suppliers, those
that would be particularly susceptible financially and implementing an
appropriate action plan to ensure continuity of supply. Apart from individual
monitoring, analysis is carried out by technology field in conjunction with
the professional bodies concerned, to identify appropriate solutions.

Alongside these financial supervision measures, Purchasing and
Quality Control have stepped up their appraisal, accreditation and
management of supplier performance to better identify structural risks.
Supplier performance audits are broad-based (covering quality control,

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

industrial maturity, flow optimisation, compliance with environmental
regulations, expertise in technical and technological processes, financial
strength, etc.) and therefore allow a complete risk analysis to be carried
out. When executing a purchasing contract, Thales closely monitors the
implementation by the supplier of measures aimed at tackling the risks
identified during the selection process

Risk of economic dependence

The economic dependence of small and mediumsized enterprises (SMEs)
on Thales is considered a separate risk in its own right. It is particularly
significant now that the economic crisis has disrupted the sales portfolios
of a number of them, jeopardising the operating cycle with Thales and
potentially leading to a supply shortage.

In order to mitigate this risk, the commitment rate (orders placed by Thales
as a percentage of the supplier's total annual sales) is monitored for each
panel of suppliers by market segment \vertical approach) and for the main
countries where the Group is established (France, the UK, the Netherlands,
etc.). If the commitment rate exceeds 50% for more than two consecutive
years, an action plan coordinated with internal specifiers and internal
users is drawn up and implemented in order to return to a commitment
rate of 25%.

The purchasing policy, supplier selection and performance monitoring
processes and supervisory and risk mitigation measures are also all
designed to reduce these risks, during both the bidding phase and the
project implementation phase.

1.1.2.1.7 Raw materials risk

Given the nature of its business, Thales uses few raw materials. The
Group's exposure to raw materials risk is therefore negligible

1.1.2.1.8 | Human resources risk

a) Workplace health and safety

Ensuring a healthy and safe working environment for its employees
pursuant to the laws in force, monitoring procedures, preventing health
and professional risks and employee training are key priorities for Thales

These principles are reflected in a structure designed to prevent risks
related to health and safety in the workplace, whether on Thales sites
or external sites, and to manage major health crises that could occur
internationally.

Regular monitoring of the risks to which the Group's employees may be
exposed is performed each year.

Practical measures are also implemented by the Group's Human Resources
Department and Health, Safety and Environment Department in relation to
employee health and safety in the workplace. Thales is also committed
to increase the quality of life in the workplace. In France, for example, a
three-year Group agreement on “Quality of life at work” was signed on
4 February 2014. Continuing the approach adopted in the agreement
signed in 2009 on the same subject, the agreement defines a general
framework for prevention and aims to place particular focus on psycho-
social risks by implementing individual and collective preventive actions

Proof of the Group's continuing commitment to certification, 95 Thales
entities (representing 76% of the workforce} had obtained OHSAS 18001
certification by the end of 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 10 ---

b) Talent development

If Thales is not attractive enough to recruit the qualified staff it needs in a
timely manner and to retain and motivate its employees to develop and run
its business, sales and operating profitability could be negatively affected
Thales‘s success and performance effectively depend on its capacity to
recruit employees in the different employment markets, in France and
abroad, the quality of the key skills and the commitment of its employees,
and its capacity for global management of the talents required for the
development of its activity worldwide

Thales therefore attaches great importance to its attractiveness and
positioning as a top employer, ensuring a good external image which
will boost recruitment and an internal situation that will contribute to
retain employees.

As an attractive and recognised employer in France, Thales is also
building up its image in all the countries where the Group is already
present or plans to develop, with the “Attractiveness” programme
Currently in the implementation stage, this programme aims to expand
recognition of the Thales employer brand using communication campaigns
and partnerships with leading universities. In addition, a global recruitment
function, attached to the HR general management has been created to
help the Group develop in these geographical zones

The global process of identifying and managing talent within the
Group has also been reinforced, by encouraging interaction between
management teams in different parts of the organisation

Thales is also continuing its dynamic skills management policy for the
Group's main professional families. A Steering Committee per family,
composed of operational and HR managers, conducts a yearly analysis
of changes in jobs, expertise, and the needs of the Company, and
establishes action plans (for training, anticipated management of internal
mobility, external recruitment, etc.). To complement this tool, each year
the Group's internal University updates the key programmes in response
to changing needs. Significant work has been carried out to identify
employees’ soft skills, namely for those employees attached to the R&D
Systems, R&D Hardware and R&D Software job families. This work helps
to more precisely identify training and recruitment requirements. This
approach is now being extended to other job families such as Purchasing
and Project Management.

lastly, in 2013, the Group signed agreements in support of the following,
with the unanimous agreement of the trade union organisations in
France: taking on young people, either on work-study training schemes
or postqualification, and transferring knowledge to them (the Generation
Contract}; and developing diversity in the organisation (the Gender
Equality Agreement) or taking a forward-looking approach to jobs

and skills.

In the months and years to come, these agreements will allow the Group
to better manage the integration of young graduates in France, improve
the development of its critical skills, promote diversity and better anticipate
changes within the Group.

1.1.2.1.9

For many years, Thales has conducted regular analysis and update of

Environmental risks

environmental risks in accordance with its business activities, scientific and
technical developments and the emerging environmental challenges

This analysis aims at:

> ensuring that employees and surrounding residents are not exposed to
health and environmental risks (pollution, asbestos, etc.) through their
activities or work environment, whether on Thales or external sites;

Financial information 2015 / Management report

ensuring the compliance of activities and products (substances,
waste, etc.};

analysing the impact of new regulations, including on product design;

analysing the impact of the environment on activities (water stress,
climatic events, etc.);

specifying an appropriate organisational structure and associated
action plans, either at Group level or locally, based on the results of
this analysis

To support this analysis, an Environmental Management System has been
rolled out at all sites in order to ensure that the environmental impacts of
products and operations are controlled and limited. Part of the Group
reporting arrangement, this management system encompasses the different
functions, such as engineering, manufacturing, supply chain, purchasing,
contract management, auditing and risk management, etc. Special
training, communication tools and the sharing of experience are used to
support the approach.

At the end of 2015, 117 entities had been certified to ISO 14001,

representing 88% of the Group's workforce

At 31 December 2015,
contingencies stood at €8.0 million

the amount of reserves for environmental

1.1.2.1.10 Security breaches in respect of sites
and employees

Thales is exposed to attempts to breach the security of its sites (attempts
by unauthorised persons to access confidential information, threats to the
physical security of sites and facilities, etc.). The occurrence of such events
could affect the rollout of the Group's activities and its reputation and,
consequently, its results and financial situation

In order to minimise this risk, the Group Security Department has drafted a
policy for regulating access to and movement around all Group sites. This
policy is applied by the Group's network of security officers. In its defence
businesses, the Group is subject to different national regulations requiring
it to implement measures to protect its employees and industrial assets.

The Group is therefore subject to a large number of audits and inspections
by the national supervisory authorities.

In addition, the Group has implemented a global procedure for employee
security, crisis detection and response, protection and monitoring to
ensure they have an appropriate level of security in the countries in which
they perform their work. In certain countries, this global procedure runs
alongside a local intervention system, which ensures a quick response
to incidents.

1.1.2.1.11 Risk of IT system failure

The Group operates — directly or through service providers — complex IT
systems and infrastructures that are essential to the smooth running of its
commercial, industrial and financial processes. The malfunction or failure
of these systems may have external causes (viruses or hacking, power cuts
or network failures, natural disasters, etc.) or internal causes (malicious
acts, breaches of data confidentiality, human error or obsolescence}
Any such malfunction or failure could have an impact on the Group's
operations and its financial results.

To guard against these risks, the Group has implemented multi-year plans
to deal with part of the IT systems being temporarily or permanently
unavailable, as well as any cybersecurity threats to these systems.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

17


--- Page 11 ---

|

Financial information 2015 / Management report

The disaster recovery plan for each country in case of failure of part of the
IT systems sets out arrangements for the implementation of disaster recovery
solutions appropriate to the degree of risk and its operational impact.

Furthermore, a plan to protect against risks related to cybersecurity has
been defined and implemented in countries where the Group currently
operates, using “CyberSecurity Operation Centres". As well as continuing
to adapt the means of protection already in place, the plan includes the
implementation of new measures to strengthen the protection of sensitive
information, and the development of systems for early identification and
prompt correction of any non-compliances

The plan is completed by ongoing efforts to raise employees’ awareness
of these threats

Lastly, the Thales IT system security and anti-cyber crime strategy has been
approved by Group management, in close cooperation with the national
and governmental authorities of the countries concerned

1.1.2.1.12 Risk related to failure of equipment
or technology

Thales systerns and equipment are highly complex and technical and
are likely to be integrated within high-value civil or military platforms. A
malfunction of any such systems, equipment or technologies could result in
client claims or thirckparty litigation. Thales could thus be held liable in the
event of damage to property or personal injury. Were they to occur, such
events would be liable to impact Thales’s results and financial position, as
well as its reputation.

In order to limit the impact, Thales has put Group-wide standards in place
(Design Authority, quality, documentation, contractual arrangements and
risk management). In addition, Thales follows a policy of maintaining
appropriate insurance coverage (see Section 1.1.2.4 on Insurance]

1.1.2.1.13 Risk of lower impact of performance
improvement measures

In 2014, to support its medium-term financial targets, Thales launched
the “Ambition Boost" performance plan to increase the entire Group's
performance

This global performance plan provides a common franework within which
the units can implement plans and initiatives adapted to their own issues in
terms of performance improvements.

The earnings and financial position of Thales could be negatively impacted
if the initiatives planned under the Ambition Boost framework could not
be fully implemented or if they failed to generate the expected results
according to the original timetable. Moreover, the cost of implementing
these initiatives could end up being higher than expected, which is why
Thales has introduced specific monitoring for performance improvement
initiatives. The Group's corporate management regularly reviews the
progress of the main initiatives

1.1.2.1.14 Risks relating to strategic acqu
and investments

ns

Thales regularly looks to acquire new companies (as well as making
strategic investments and combining business activities through joint
ventures, etc.) in order to round out its technological portfolio and
strengthen its presence in certain markets. Integrating these businesses
into Thales could prove more difficult and take longer than envisaged,

[I]. See the list of companies consolidated using the equity method on pages 78 and 79.

(2) Non-GAAP measures, see definition and computation in Section 1.1

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

requiring more significant involvement by senior managers and the teams
concerned and, in turn, negatively impacting the Group's results and
financial position.

In addition, there are no guarantees that the newly acquired companies
will perform as well as expected in accordance with the initial business
plans, which form the basis of the investment decision. This type of
variance could lead to the recognition of impairment losses on goodwill
and other intangible assets, thereby negatively impacting Thales’s results
and financial position

Before any planned acquisitions, Thales conducts audits and due
diligence with the assistance of external consultants where necessary, in
order to analyse the fundamentals of the target company. A review is
also conducted at each key stage in the acquisition process to confirm
Thales's interest and specify the necessary conditions and parameters
to ensure a successful outcome. The newly acquired company is then
integrated into Thales's financial reporting system so that its performance
can be monitored

1.1.2.1.15 Risks related to minority investments

Thales generates part of its sales from companies in which control is
shared with, or exercised by, other partners; in accordance with the
accounting principles in force on 1 January 2015, these companies are
consolidated using the equity method")

Moreover, the share in net income of equity affiliates is included in Thales's
EBIT | and adjusted net income). A deterioration in the performance
of these companies may therefore impact on the Group's income and
financial position.

Since Thales's influence over these minority investments varies, decisions
that are detrimental to the interests of Thales may be taken, without Thales
necessarily having the means to oppose them

In addition, the risk of disagreement or blockage, inherent in any jointly-
controlled entity, exists, particularly in those where important decisions
require the unanimity of members or where there are limited exit rights.

Furthermore, the application of management rules and principles in these
entities may differ from those adopted by Thales for entities over which
it exerts exclusive control. This also means that the ability to carry out
analysis and give instructions regarding financial or operational data, or
even to access this data, may be more limited than in the entities over
which Thales exerts exclusive control

As a result, the Group aims to define appropriate governance methods by
seeking to be represented on the Board of Directors (or a similar decision-
making body), and more generally, to negotiate contractual provisions that
are in Thales’s best interests.

1.1.2.2 LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS

1.1.2.2.1

The Group operates its business in a strict and evolving complex legal and
regulatory environment, both nationally and internationally.

Compliance with laws and regulations

The legal and regulatory framework in which Thales operates covers a
broad range of areas, relating in particular to company law, financial
market regulation, fiscal legislation, labour law, export control and
measures to combat corruption and money laundering

1.2, pages 8 to 10.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 12 ---

Thales is able to monitor developments within this legal and regulatory
framework through its international network. The Company is not always
able to foresee them, however, and in this respect its business could

be affected

Despite the steps taken by Thales as a Company to comply with all
applicable legislation, risks still exist due to their inherent nature, the
interpretative powers of regulatory agents, the extraterritorial reach
of certain regulations, and changes in legal /judicial precedent and
sanctioning powers

In most cases, regulators in conjunction with the judicial authorities have
the right to initiate legal proceedings, which could expose the Group or
its employees to civil, administrative or criminal rulings. Such rulings could,
if applicable, involve a temporary ban on trading, which would in turn
have an adverse impact on the Group's profitability and financial position.

Using a risk map validated by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit,
Risks & Internal Control Department carries out assessments and audits
of the implementation and improvement of compliance plans within the
Group's Units. Compliance measures rely for these needs on networks
of compliance officers who may be specialists (in export control), on risk
advisors responsible for the prevention of each of the major risks identified
and monitored by the Risk Assessment Committee, or on a dedicated
organisation as regards international trade (see below)

The Audit, Risks & Internal Control Department takes into account these
compliance areas when preparing its audit plan

a) Business ethics

Thales's business encompasses a variety of sectors in more than
50 countries. Infringement of applicable laws and regulations may
have severe legal and financial consequences and seriously harm the
Group's reputation

A strict corruption and integrity risk prevention programme, introduced
to all Group entities over 15 years ago, is regularly amended to reflect
changes in the legislative and regulatory framework and increasing
societal expectations. The Code of Ethics provides the foundation for
Thales's culture of integrity. With a preface by the Chairman & Chief
Executive Officer, it reaffirms in particular the principle of zero tolerance
for any act of corruption. In 2015, a new edition of the Code of Ethics
was personally addressed to all Group employees. The corruption risk
prevention programme, which is assessed regularly and amended to reflect
changes in legislation and in external and internal risks, was certified
by Mazars and by ADIT in July 2014. The ADIT/Mazars benchmark
is compliant with national and international laws and regulations
concerning the fight against corruption (French law, the United Kingdom
Bribery Act, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention on Bribery of Foreign Public Officials
in International Business Transactions}, the tenth principle of the United
Nations Global Compact and best practices in terms of anti-corruption
procedures. Furthermore, this benchmark is focused on five main areas
(control environment, risk assessment, control, monitoring, information and
communication] set out in over 200 control points. It was validated by an
International Advisory Board and by the Central Anti-Corruption Service
(Service Central de Prévention de la Corruption - SCPC) of the French
Ministry of Justice

An international, dedicated network, independent of the operational
commercial structures, conducts the verifications required during the
vetting and selection phases for agents, consultants and local industrial
partners for Thales. These verifications are backed up by external studies

Association of UK aerospace, defence security & space industries.

)
(2) The AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe.
(3) | International Chamber of Commerce.
(4) International business community bringing together 22 employer organisations.
{5} International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct.
{6] International Organization for Standardization.

Financial information 2015 / Management report

and diagnostics performed by companies that specialise in business
intelligence.

The tisk factors inherent in business are handled by the various processes
that govern the management of bids and projects in the Thales reporting
system (Chorus 2.0). From the preliminary phase of a project, these
operating processes envisage action plans to mitigate business risks,
focusing particularly on the prevention of corruption

Thales strictly governs the use of agents and consultants by means of a
highly detailed procedure, which requires in-depth preliminary verifications
(due diligence}, reinforced by the analysis of red flags or risk factors,
as well as appropriate representations and commitments from these
consultants. Designed by the Group's Ethics & Corporate Responsibility
Department, this procedure is regularly revised in conjunction with the
Group's Legal Department and the Sales Department.

To strengthen its role on the international stage and to gain a strong
foothold in target countries, Thales chooses and qualifies its key industrial
pariners. The selection and qualification process is designed to secure
sustainable partnerships with domestic industrial players meeting a set of
criteria relating to integrity and business ethics, competence and expertise.
This system is part of a process of applying appropriate and reasonable
measures for prior verification (due diligence} with regard to third parties.

The players in the supply chain are also stakeholders in the integrity policy:
at the end of 2015, 7,660 suppliers and subcontractors in the portfolio
pledged to adhere to the terms of the Thales Company Purchasing and
Corporate Responsibility Charter.

Thales is particularly keen to make its employees aware of ethical business
conduct as soon as they join the Group. Adherence and accountability
are key to the awareness and training model designed by the Ethics and
Corporate Responsibility Department. A wide range of guides (reference
guide and ethical business conduct guides} and training (both face-to-face
and via elearning) is available to employees throughout their careers.
Special focus is given to employees involved in the sales processes, bid
management, project management, and purchasing. The training plan
for "Business Ethics and Preventing Corruption”, which is worldwide in
scope, is a priority intended for this group of employees. More than
7,000 employees have been trained since 2008

In addition to its rigorous internal control procedures, the Audit, Risks &
Internal Control Department conducts regular compliance and integrity
audits on the various components of the model

In 2015, the Thales corruption risk prevention and integrity programme
earned recognition from several renowned institutions, resulting in Thales’s
inclusion in the Europe and World Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. In
addition, the Group is now one of the four leading European companies
in Transparency International's “Corruption Perceptions Index" for 2015
covering companies in the defence sector. Moreover, the Group has
renewed its support for the principles of the United Nations Global
Compact. It is one of 400 companies around the world that have
submitted their Communication on Progress to the UN with “Global
Compact Advanced" status.

The overall system is completed by Thales's active participation in various
initiatives in the fight against corruption. Thales also actively participates
in national professional organisations (WEDEF, GIFAS, ADS", etc.) and
international organisations (Business Ethics Committee of ASD?! ICC"),
B20"), IFBEC ®!, etc.) dealing with business ethics, and has an active
presence within the working groups of intergovernmental organisations
(OECD, United Nations, ISO", etc.)

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

19


--- Page 13 ---

|

20

Financial information 2015 / Management report

b) Export control

Exports account for a significant proportion of Thales’s business. Many
of the Group's products and systems are designed for military or dual
use applications. Consequently, the export of these products or systems
to customers located outside Thales’s domestic markets where they are
manufactured, particularly in the defence sector, may be subject to
limitations, export licences or specific export controls (imposed by the
countries in which Thales operates, as well as by other countries where the
suppliers of component products or technologies are based, most notably
the United States)

There are no guarantees that (i) the export controls to which Thales is
subject will not be tightened; (ii) new-generation products or systems
developed by Thales will not be subject to similar or tighter controls; and
(iii) geopolitical factors will not make it impossible for Thales or its suppliers
to obtain export licences for certain customers or make it more difficult for
Thales to execute previously signed contracts. Further limitations on access
to military markets would thus have a negative impact on Thales’s business,
profitability and financial position

Thales has introduced systems and formal procedures to ensure compliance
with applicable regulations and controls, and reinforces these measures
through awarenessraising programmes with dedicated elearning modules
and alerts on legislative and regulatory changes relating to export control
that are relevant to Thales’s business. Operating units have access to a
network of specialists within the Group, who are responsible for monitoring
the application within operating units of compliance rules decided at
Group level as well as monitoring the necessary authorisations and the
conformity of their implementation

c) Competition law

Thales'‘s business activities are subject to a wide range of national and
international regulations mainly aimed at combating anti-competitive
practices.

Infringement of these rules could lead to severe sanctions, such as fines,
payment of damages, and legal bans, and could also have a serious
impact on the Group's reputation

To avoid any such infringements, Thales has initiated a programme to
raise awareness of these rules, in particular through dedicated training
programmes.

d) Intellectual property

Thales is exposed to two main types of intellectual property risk
dependence on third-party technology and third-party actions against the
Company for perceived infringement of their intellectual property rights

To reduce the risk of reliance on critical third-party technology, Thales
has implemented a process to identify and manage each situation with a
precise, strategic “Make/Team/Buy" (MTB) plan

Given the nature of its activities and the specific features of its products,
Thales conducts most of its research and development work in-house
and controls the technology which is critical to the business. Thales's
extensive intellectual property portfolio (over 16,500 patents, as well
as software and know-how) and its presence throughout the value chain
(equipment, systems and systems of systems) reduce its reliance on third-
party technology. As a result, Thales’s dependence on such technology
can be considered very low.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

To reduce the risk of third-party actions for alleged infringement of their
intellectual property rights by Thales entities, the Group identifies and
analyses this risk in the context of its own patent filing procedures and/or
when embarking on technical research or product development.

In the event of a third-party infringement claim against a Thales company,
the legal and technical analysis of the allegedly infringing products and
intellectual property rights are handled centrally by Thales experts, with the
assistance of specialist external consultants where needed

The Group's intellectual heritage is a significant asset. Thales may face
the risk of third party infringement of its intellectual property rights. To
limit this risk, Thales contractually protects its rights in its contracts and
agreements, has an active policy of filing and maintaining patents, carries
out technological monitoring of equipment and systems marketed by third
parties in order to ensure that its own intellectual property rights are not
infringed, and, where appropriate, takes all necessary steps to enforce
its rights

1.1.2.2.2

Due to the nature of its business activities, Thales is exposed to the risk of
technical and commercial litigation

Litigation

To prevent disputes or limit their impact, Thales’ policy is to systematically
seek alternative dispute resolution mechanisms. This policy is reviewed on
a regular basis to take into account changes in the Company's core areas
of business and is backed by employee training programmes

In addition, Thales implemented a procedure several years ago to
centralise all civil commercial and criminal litigation and claims. These are
handled by the Corporate Legal Affairs Department, with the support of the
Group companies concerned

At the end of 2002, a group of French manufacturers, including Thales
and one of its subsidiaries, collectively received a request for arbitration
from a common customer claiming an amount which allegedly should
not be below the $260 million figure and for which the group of French
manufacturers might be jointly liable towards the claimant. This request
for arbitration is related to the execution of old contracts by the group of
French manufacturers. Pursuant to an agreement signed by all the parties
in 2003, the claimant withdrew its request for arbitration

In November 2012, the claimant filed a new request for arbitration for a
revised amount of €226 million of which Thales’ share would be around
28% of the amount claimed. The manufacturers are strongly disputing
this demand and at this date it is not possible to evaluate any potential
financial risk. Consequently, Thales has not recognised any provision. This
process is still pending,

There are no other government, judicial or arbitration claims, of which the
Group is aware, which are pending or threatened, which could have,
or which had, in the course of the last 12 months, any significant effect
on the financial position or the profitability of the Company and/or the
Group

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 14 ---

1.1.2.3. FINANCIAL RISKS

1.1.2.3.1 Liquidity

The Group's liquidity risk is the risk of it being unable to meet its cash
needs out of its financial resources. In particular, it relates to Thales’s level
of exposure to changes in the main market indicators that could lead to an
increase in the cost of credit, or even to a temporary limitation of access
to extemal sources of financing

The Group manages this risk by trying to anticipate its cash needs and
ensures that these are covered by the Group's shortterm and long-term
financial resources, as follows:

> shareholders’ equity, listed by heading in Note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements;

gross debt, listed by maturity in Note 6 to the consolidated financial
staternents;

committed, undrawn credit facilities granted by banks as backup to
the commercial paper programme and acting as a financial reserve
These are described in more detail in Note 6 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Financial information 2015 / Management report

The principle of centralising the entities’ shortterm assets and liabilities
(cash pooling) is applied to the combination of entities in the same
currency zone [euro zone, sterling zone, dollar zone and Australian dollar
zone, etc.) and, in some cases, in the same country.

By consolidating and centralising the cash requirements and surpluses of
its units, the Group is in a position to:

> simplify cash management and maich the cash positions of units to
produce a single consolidated position that is easier to manage; and

2 gain prime access to financial markets through the parent company’s
financing programmes, rated by Standard & Poor's and Moody's (see
below}

At 31 December 2015, cash recorded under consolidated assets
amounted to €3,450.2 million (compared with €2,481.4 million at end-
2014), including

% €2,949.8 million held by the parent company and available for
mmediate use (2,051.4 million in 2014);

2 €500.4 million in the bank credit balances of subsidiaries
(€430 million in 2014), most of them outside of France. This figure
includes, inter alia, payments received in the last few days of the
financial year and subsequently transferred to the corporate treasury
account.

Cash at bank and equivalents at year-end is invested solely in bank deposits, in very shortterm bank certificates of deposit with firsttier banks or in money
market funds. At the date of publication, Thales's credit risk ratings were as follows

Medium and long-term loans
Outlook

Commercial paper & shortterm loans

A decrease in Thales's credit risk rating would not place at risk financial
covenants included in financing contracts. The coming into effect of the
unique clause providing for accelerated repayment would only apply in
the event that the State no longer held its golden share and, simultaneously,
the ratio of consolidated net financial debt to EBITDA (earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) were to exceed 3

A lower rating would result in an increase (capped) in the margins
applicable to the committed credit facility of €1.5 billion (described in
Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements); at the same time, these
margins would be improved (with a minimum threshold) in the event of a
rating upgrade

1.1.2.3.2 Interest rates

Thales is exposed to interest rate volatility and in particular its impact on
the conditions associated with variable-rate financing. To limit this risk,
Thales operates an active policy of interest rate hedging

<1 year

Interest

rates fixed

Variable rate

Moody’s Standard & Poor’s
A2 BBB+
Stable Stable
Prime] A2

The Corporate Financing and Treasury Department consolidates data
on Thales's exposure to interest rate risk and uses appropriate financial
instruments to hedge those risks.

Thales policy is to control interest rate and counterpart risks and to optimise
its funding and banking operations

The breakdown of Thales's debt by type of interest rate is described in
Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements page 54. The table below
summarises the Group's exposure fo interest rate risk before and after
hedging. Based on the average net cash (taking into account hedging
instruments), a 1% rise in interest rates would increase financial interest, net
by €11.4 million in 2015 (€8.4 million in 2014)

> 1 year Total

Interest
rates fixed

Interest

rates fixed Variable rate Variable rate

Financial liabilities (612.1) (77.5) (792.2) (18.3) (1,404.3) (95.8)
Financial assets - 3,477.7 - - - 3,477.7
Net exposure before taking account

of derivatives (612.1) 3,400.2 (792.2) (18.3) (1,404.3) 3,381.9
Derivatives 395.5 (395.5) 585.3 (585.3) 980.8 (980.8)
Net exposure after accounting for derivatives (216.6) 3,004.7 (206.9) (603.6) (423.5) 2,401.1

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

21


--- Page 15 ---

|

22

Financial information 2015 / Management report

1.1.2.3.3

Due to the international nature of its business, Thales is exposed to the risk
of exchange rate fluctuations.

Foreign exchange

a) Business-related currency risk

Business-related currency risk occurs when some of the business is billed in
a currency other than that of the related costs.

a. As a general tule, Thales is structurally immune to exchange rate
fluctuations for a significant part of its business activity. Around 40%
of Thales’s sales are generated in the euro zone, which is also where
most of its industrial operations are located. More generally, the
reinforcement of the Group's international industrial footprint allows the
Company to manufacture and invoice in local currency, which helps to
reduce exchange rate risk on local sales

. The accounts of Thales subsidiaries located in countries where the
official currency is not the euro are translated into euros in the Group's
consolidated financial statements. A fall in these currencies against the
euro is likely to have a negative impact on the accounts. Its impact on
profitability is limited, however, since the cost base of these subsidiaries
is essentially in the same currency as their sales. The main currencies
are the Pound sterling, the US dollar, the Canadian dollar and the
Australian Dollar.

¢. For certain Group businesses (civil avionics and tubes, civil space,
etc.), the US dollar ("$") is the reference transaction currency. For
business activities outside the dollar zone (the inflight entertainment and
connectivity business is based essentially in the United States and is
therefore naturally immune to this risk}, a specific currency risk hedging
policy is implemented

> for equipment transactions (avionics and tubes}, this policy is
defined on the basis of sales forecasts in $, after accounting for
corresponding purchases in $. For these transactions, net exposure
to dollar risk represents around 3.5% of the Group's total sales for
2015;

for longer-term programmes in markets traditionally denominated
in $ [primarily in civil space), each bid is examined for profitability
in the light of the effect of currency fluctuations, after accounting
for corresponding purchases in $, and, if necessary, is specifically
hedged through market transactions (forward exchange-rate
contracts and options}

Where necessary, a similar approach is adopted for other Thales
activities if a customer specifically requires a contract denominated
in $ on an ad hoc basis.

Overall, net exposure amounted to around 3.5% of the Group's
total sales for 2015;

as well as this direct dollar risk, which thus concerned around
7% in total of consolidated sales at end-2015, the Group is also
exposed to an “indirect” dollar risk on contracts denominated in
currencies other than the dollar. This occurs when it is bidding
against companies that benefit from a cost base in dollars
Approximately one quarter of total sales may be exposed to this
“indirect” dollar risk

The “dollar risk” is thus the main currency risk that Thales needs to hedge
The figures corresponding to the hedging of business-related dollar risk
are as follows

$3,309 million, the amount of financial instruments hedging net firm

commitments ($ risk against the euro, Canadian dollar and pound

sterling) at 31 December 2015 compared with $ 3,191 million at
1 December 2014;

$124 million, the amount of financial instruments hedging bids in $
against the euro, Canadian dollar and pound sterling at 31 December
2015 compared to $ 198 million at 31 December 2014

Operating receivables and payables denominated in foreign currency are
exchangerate hedged and therefore not exposed to currency risk.

,

The change in value of financial instruments (forward transactions} used
as cash flow hedges is recognised in shareholders’ equity. A decrease
(increase) of 5% in the US dollar compared to the euro, pound sterling and
Canadian dollar, would have increased (decreased) shareholders’ equity
by approximately €153 million at 31 December 2015, compared with
€132 million at 31 December 2014. The premium/discount component
is not eligible to cash flow hedge accounting and is recognised through
profit and loss. In 2015, the change in market value of the premium/
discount was €-15 million

The change in value of financial instruments matched with portfolios of
sales offers which are not eligible for hedge accounting is recognised in
profit and loss. A decrease (increase) of 5% in the US dollar compared
to the euro, pound sterling and Canadian dollar, would have increased
(decreased) income by approximately €1 million at 31 December 2015,
compared with €2 million at 31 December 2014.

Foreign currency-denominated financial debt does not generate any
exposure in profit and loss, as it is either denominated in the functional
currency of the entity in which it is recognised, or is used as a net foreign
investment hedge.

b) Management of risks relating to foreign currency-
denominated assets

The Group may hedge a portion of its foreign currency-denominated
assets, mainly those likely to be disposed of at a future date. The
main criteria for determining whether or not a given foreign currency-
denominated asset should be hedged are as follows:

> the nature of the business operations involved;

the structure of Thales’s commitment with respect to jointly held
companies, in particular the specific features of the shareholders’
agreement in each joint venture.

,

The actual application of this policy also depends on

the objective of optimising hedges in the light of market conditions
(availability of foreign currency, interest rates, hedging rate, etc.);

,

the risks inherent in the future value of the assets being hedged and the
nature of the business of the corresponding subsidiaries.

2 SUMMARY OF ASSET RISKS AT 31 DECEMBER 2015 FOR THE MAIN CURRENCIES

GBP $ AUD
Assets 119.5 1,372.2 852.3
Liabilities 2,008.5 938.5 455.0
Net position before management 111.0 433.7 397.3
Offbalance-sheet position - - -
NET POSITION AFTER MANAGEMENT 433. 397.

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 16 ---

1.1.2.3.4 Shares

Thales was not exposed to any significant equity risk at end-2015,
excluding the risk on treasury shares

At 31 December 2015, Thales held 839,254 treasury shares,
representing 0.40% of the share capital

1.1.2.3.5  Off-balance-sheet commitments

a) Pension commitments

Defined-benefit pension plans are in place for certain Group employees,
mainly in the United Kingdom, and are externally funded by the
Company under the provisions of the applicable national legislation
As such, at 31 December 2015, Thales’s commitments in the United
Kingdom to current employees (access to these plans has been closed
to new employees), former employees and retired employees amounted
to €4,294.5 million, hedged by €3,274.6 million in investments,
representing an underlying shortfall of €1,019.9 million

In addition, certain employees, particularly in France and Germany, have
other long-term benefits (retirement award, long-service awards, etc.}
which are also of a defined-benefit nature but for which external funding
is not systematically put in place

At 31 December 2015, the total of all defined-benefit commitments was
€5,891.7 million, covered by €3,572.8 million in invested assets, to the
extent of

31% in equities;
36% in fixedrate bonds;
11% in inflationinked bonds;

vv

Vv

9% in alternative liquid investments;
12% in alternative longterm investments (real estate, infrastructure, etc.);
> 1% in cash.

Changing market parameters could affect the amount of the shortfall and
the annual costs of defined-benefit plans. At 31 December 2015, the
main risk variables were as follows, listed in order of importance:

> reduction or increase in the discount rate applied to liabilities, which
could increase or reduce the underlying shortfall; this variable is partly
offset by changes in the value of fixed-rate hedging bonds held as plan
assets and interest rate swaps;

changes in the total return on investments in equities and other assets;
changes in the forecast inflation rate;

a substantial change in mortality tables;

exchange rate fluctuations (mainly sterling against the euro)

Thales has introduced quarterly reporting on its pension plan positions
and makes regular projections measuring the sensitivity of unfunded status
to possible changes in market parameters taking into account correlation
factors. In the UK, Thales is committed to defined-benefit pension
schemes, but plan assets are managed by trustees in accordance with
the applicable regulations and in consultation with the Group. Plan assets
are allocated with regard to the long-term maturity of the commitments
they cover.

b) Parent company guarantees

Thales, as the parent company, issues guarantees on commitments
undertaken by its subsidiaries on commercial contracts. These guarantees
are centralised by the Group Corporate Financing & Treasury Department.

Financial information 2015 / Management report

Guarantees are issued out of an envelope of €3 billion regularly
delegated to the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by the Board of
Directors. Prior to each renewal of the authority granted to the Chairman
& Chief Executive Officer, the Group's Corporate Financing & Treasury
Department reports to the Board on the level of use of this envelope, based
on the monitoring carried out by the Department.

At 31 December 2015, outstanding guarantees issued by the parent
company in support of its subsidiaries stood at €15,127 million. This
figure includes all commitments given in relation to Thales Alenia Space
(matched by a counter-guarantee from Finmeccanica in proportion to its
33% interest in Thales Alenia Space}

Thales manages risks connected to these parent company guarantees and
optimises the financial conditions of the transactions guaranteed. The main
objectives of this risk rnanagement policy are as follows

> Io limit risks to those corresponding to normal commitments on

commercial contracts, particularly in terms of volume and duration;

to limit the issue of guarantees to commitments made by wholly owned
subsidiaries, with guarantees on commitments by consortia or joint
ventures only in proportion to the Group's equity interest or counter-
guaranteed by the other shareholder in proportion to its interest;

to enable its subsidiaries to benefit, when appropriate, from the credit
rating of the parent company by controlling the financial conditions of
the transactions guaranteed

1.1.2.3.6 | Customer credit

Credit risk relates to the risk that a party to a contract will default on its
commitments or fail to pay what it owes

a) Risk relating to failure of a private sector customer

Non-governmental customers (aircraft manufacturers, airlines, private
infrastructure operators and industry] account for approximately 25%
of Thales’s revenues. These customers may encounter major and/or
prolonged financial difficulties that could lead to payment defaults or order
cancellations. Such occurrences could have a negative impact on Thales's
sales, profitability and financial position.

To mitigate these risks, Thales conducts regular analysis of the ability of
customers to meet their obligations. When necessary, Thales may request
bank guarantees or corporate guarantees, or may use credit insurers.

b) Credit risk relating to public sector customers

Public, Government and institutional customers account for around 75%
of Thales’s sales. Thales works with a large number of countries. Some of
these could present a significant credit risk which could, for example, lead
them to suspend an order in production, or make them be unable to pay
on delivery, as agreed under the terms of the contract. To limit its exposure
to these risks, Thales takes out insurance with export credit agencies (such
as Coface in France] or private insurers

At 31 December 2015, only two customers accounted for annual sales for
Thales in excess of €500 million: the French State (around €2.5 billion)
and the UK government (approx. €1 billion). At 31 December 2015,
these two countries still had first-class or high-quality ratings (France was
rated AA by S&P and Aa2 by Moody's; the UK was rated AAA by S&P.
and Aal by Moody's}

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

23


--- Page 17 ---

|

24

Financial information 2015 / Management report

1.1.2.4

INSURANCE

Thales’s Insurance and Risk Management Department, based at head
office and reporting to the SEVP Finance & Information Systems, is
responsible for the Group's insurance activities and insurable risk
management. It is in charge of Group operations and oversees policy
implementation by Group companies.

The Group covers the financial consequences of the risk of accidental
damage suffered or caused by property or people using appropriate
insurance policies with leading international insurance and reinsurance
companies.

The insurance policies arranged by the Group to cover these major risks
relate to areas such as

> damage to property and consequent operating losses;

> transport;

> assembling and testing;

> aviation liability, including liability for aeronautical products and hull/
test flight insurance;

> civil liability for space products;

> tisks of damage to or by naval vessels by subsidiaries, as nava
equipment suppliers;

> general third-party liability;

> environmental liability;

> liability of executive officers and directors;

> individual accident — repatriation assistance for employees on

assignment

Whilst certain harmful events were notified to insurers, the Group had no
major loss in 2015

Thales’s policy is to arrange cover on the insurance market based on the
rates and limits that it considers reasonable, in view of the conditions
offered by the market. Limits are applicable to insurance for major risks,
while general exclusions for the entire market (e.g. asbestos) also apply
to Thales.

In 2015, the maximum coverage limit for insurance against damage to
property and consequent operating losses was €1.3 billion. This limit

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

takes into account the estimated maximum possible loss caused to an
industrial site which the Group could incur in this regard

Levels of liability cover depend on the quantification of a reasonable
claim expectancy for Thales, as identified by the risk map of the main
business activities and at Group level, and on cover capacity available
on the insurance market. The insurance coverage for aviation liability
commitments, which is covered by a specific programme, amounts to

$ 2 billion

The insurance industry depends on the financial markets. There are also no
guarantees that Thales will be able to maintain current levels of insurance
under similar financial conditions in the future.

In order to reduce its exposure to insurance market volatility, Thales insures
major risks on a twortier basis

the Group's contribution, through captive insurance and reinsurance
companies, towards the settlement of claims, to a maximum net
retention of €12 million per year, for damage to property and
consequent operating losses, transport, general third-party liability,
assembling and testing, development and space risks;

,

> transfer to insurers of payment for catastrophic losses.

In parallel, an active Prevention and Protection policy for industrial sites is
designed to reduce the magnitude and frequency of the accidental risks
of fire or explosion and to detect other exposures, such as environmental
or natural disasters and the vulnerability of critical industrial facilities. In
2015, more than 80% of the assets insured were the subject of a “multi
peril” audit by the insurers during their visits to the principal operating
sites and infrared thermography inspections by an outside organisation
specialised in the prevention of electrical damage

In accordance with Group processes, measures were taken to minimise
business interruption and the consequences of any unforeseen events
An organisational structure and crisis management tools are in place
to deal as efficiently as possible with the immediate consequences of a
catastrophic event and to take the necessary emergency measures.

Furthermore, Thales continues to roll out an insurance policy for its staff to
cover them in the context of their professional activity. Lastly, specific and/
or local cover has been arranged to comply with the regulations in force
and to satisfy the specific requirements of certain business activities or
projects, particularly public-private partnerships.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 18 ---

Financial information 2015 / Management report |

1.1.3 HUMAN RESOURCES, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL INFORMATION

TABLE OF RECONCILIATION DECREE NO. 2012-557 OF 24 APRIL 2012

In accordance with decree no. 2012-557 of 24 April 2012 and with Article .225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code on transparency obligations
for companies on human resources and environmental matters, in its management report, Thales provides information on the Group's human resources,
environmental and social issues. This information is set out in full in Chapter 5 of this registration document, entitled “corporate responsibility", pages

195 to 233. An independent verifier issued a declaration of inclusion and a limited assurance report on consolidated social, environmental and societal
information, which can be found on pages 229 et seq.

Decree no. 201 57 of 24 April 2012 Page Section

1) INFORMATION ON HUMAN RESOURCES 196 5.1 INFORMATION ON HUMAN RESOURCES
a) Employment 196 5.1.1 A responsible employment policy

Total workforce and breakdown of employees by gender, 196 5.1 Employment within the Group

]
1.6 Gender equality and diversity

age and geographical area 205 5
Recruitments and redundancies/dismissals 198 5.1.1.2 — Recruitment
198 5.1.1.3 Departures
Remuneration and salary progression 203 5.1.4. A Group employee profitsharing policy

b) Organisation of work

Organisation of working hours 205 5.1.5.5. Working time
Absenteeism 205 5.1.5.3 Information on accidents at work and
absenteeism

¢) Employee relations

Organisation of social dialogue, especially procedures for providing 199 5.1.2.1 Collective bargaining
information to and consulting with staff and negotiating with them 200 5.1.2.2 Appropriate bodies for social dialogue
Summary of collective agreements
d) Health & safety
Health and safety conditions at work 204 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working environment
Summary of health and safety agreements entered into with trade union workplace health and safely
organisations or employee representatives with regard to health and safety
at work
Frequency and severity of work-related accidents and sick leave 205 5.1.5.3 Information on accidents at work and absenteeism
and occupational influences
e) Training
Policies implemented for training 202 5.1.3.5 Training
Total number of training hours
f) Equal opportunities
Measures taken to promote gender equality 205 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
Measures taken to promote the employment and integration 206 5.1.6.2.2 Disabled employment
of disabled persons throughout the world
206 5.1.6.2.3. Disabled employment in France
222 5.3.1.2 Group initiatives to support people with disabilities
Anti-discrimination policy 205 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
206 5.1.6.2 Promoting cultural diversity
g) Promotion of and compliance with the International Labour
Organisation’s fundamental conventions:
Respect for freedom of association and right to collective bargaining 204 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working

environment: workplace health and safety

Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation 205 5.16 Gender equality and diversity

Elimination of forced or compulsory labour

Effective abolition of child labour

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 25


--- Page 19 ---

26

Financial information 2015 / Management report

Decree no. 2012 - 557 of 24 April 2012 Page Section
2) ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION 209 5.2 ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
a) General policy 209 5.2.1 General policy on environmental issues
Organisation of the Company to take account of environmental questions 210 5.2.1.2 — Environmental organisation
and, if applicable, environmental assessment and certification processes 211 5.2.1.4 — Control and prevention of environmental risks
and pollution
Employee training and information training initiatives on protection 211 5.2.1.3 Stakeholder training and information
of the environment
Measures taken to prevent environmental risks and pollution 211 5.2.1.4 — Control and prevention of environmental risks
and pollution
Amount of provisions and guarantees set aside for environmental risks 212 5.2.1.5. Guarantees, provisions and compensation
b) Pollution and waste management 212 5.2.2 Pollution and waste management
Measures taken to prevent, reduce and clean up discharges into the air, 212 5.2.2.1 Limiting discharges
water and soil seriously affecting the environment 219 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Measures taken to prevent, recycle and eliminate waste 213 5.2.2.2 — Preventing production, recycling and
eliminating waste
219° 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Mitigation of noise and other forms of pollution related to a business activity 213 5.2.2.3 Fighting pollution
¢) Sustainable use of resources 213 5.2.3 Sustainable use of resources
Water consumption and supply in accordance with local constraints 213 5.2.3.1 Consumption of water and measures to
improve efficient use
219° 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Consumption of raw materials and measures taken to improve efficiency 214 5.2.3.2 Consumption of raw materials and measures to
of their use improve efficient use
217 5.2.6.1 Innovation for the development of green
technologies
Energy consumption, measures taken to improve energy efficiency and use 214 5.2.3.3 Energy consumption and, where applicable,
of renewable energy measures to improve energy efficiency
and renewable energy use
219° 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
land use 214 5.2.3.4 — Land use
d) Climate change 215 5.2.4 Fighting climate change
Greenhouse gas emissions 215 5.2.4.2 — Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions
from activities
219° 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Adaptation to the consequences of climate change 215 5.2.4.3 Contribution to fighting climate change
e) Protection of biodiversity 217 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
Measures taken to preserve and develop biodiversity 217 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 20 ---

Financial information 2015 / Management report |

Decree no. 2012 - 557 of 24 April 2012 Section
3) INFORMATION ON SOCIAL COMMITMENTS IN SUPPORT OF
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT s SOCIAL INFORMATION
q) Territorial, economic and social impact of the Company's activities 222 5.3.1 Territorial, economic and social impact
of the Group's activities
With regard to regional employment and development on resident 222 5.3.1.1 Regional policies and actions of Geris
or local populations Consultants in France
b) Relations with people or organisations with an interest in the 223 5.3.2 Stakeholder relationships

Company's activities, especially associations for inclusion, teaching
establishments, associations for environmental protection, consumer
associations and local residents’ associations

Conditions for dialogue with these people or organisations 223 5.3.2.1 Partnerships with professional, international
and non-governmental organisations

Partnership or sponsorship operations 199 §.1.1.4.3 Educational partners and links with schools
and students
216 5.2.4.3.3 In the definition of international standards
and partnerships
217 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
223 5.3.2.2 — Thales initiatives with charitable organisations

¢) Subcontractors and suppliers 225 5.3.3 Supplier relations: a responsible approach
Recognition of social and environmental issues in the procurement policy 211 5.2.1.3.1 Involving suppliers

225 5.3.3 Supplier relations: a responsible approach
Importance of subcontracting and recognition of subcontractors’ 211 5.2.1.3.2 Stakeholder relations
and suppliers’ corporate responsibility in relations with them 216 5.2.4.3.3. In the definition of international standards

and partnerships
217 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
225 5.3.3 Supplier relations: a responsible approach

d) Fair business practices 226 5.3.4 Fair business practices
Action undertaken to prevent corruption 226 5.3.4.1 Anti-corruption

228 5.3.5 Social indicators
Measures taken to ensure consumer health and safety 227 5.3.4.2 Consumer health and safety
e) Other action to support human rights 226 5.3.4 Fair business practices

204 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working environment
workplace health and safety

205 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity

217 5.2.6.2 — Ecoresponsible products

227 5.3.4.3. Action to support human rights

229 5.4 Statutory auditors’ independent third-party
report on consolidated human resources,
environmental and social information
published in the management report

THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015 277


--- Page 21 ---

| Financial information 2015 / Management report

1.1.4 EVENTS SINCE YEAR-END

No significant events after reporting period.

1.1.5

SUMMARY STATEMENT OF SHARE TRANSACTIONS CARRIED OUT IN 2015

BY DIRECTORS, NON-VOTING DIRECTORS AND RELATED PERSONS

In accordance with Article 223-26 of the General Regulations of the
French Financial Markets Authority (AMF).

In accordance with Article L. 621-18-2 a} of the French Monetary and
Financial Code, the members of the Board of Directors are subject to this
disclosure requirement.

Pursuant to Article L. 621-1 8-2 b} of the French Monetary and Financial
Code, the Company has declared to the AMF that all members of the
Executive Committee come under the category of non-voting directors in
respect of obligations to disclose share transactions.

28 THALES / REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2015

Related persons in the sense of Article L. 621-18-2 c) of the French
Monetary and Financial Code are people who have, under the conditions
defined by decree in the Council of State, close personal relations with the
people indicated in Article L. 621-18-2 a) and b) above

Details of the corresponding operations can be found in Section 4.3.3.7
of this document, pages 182 and 183

www.thalesgroup.com
