

--- Page 1 ---

Merck

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 4S

FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT

THE GROUP
Merck

We are a global science and technology company head-
quartered in Darmstadt, Germany.

In October 2015, we repositioned our corporate brand.
The fundamental redesign of our visual appearance and
the introduction of a new logo reflect our transformation
into a global science and technology company. At the same
time, we simplified the brand architecture. We hold the
global rights to the Merck name and brand and will also
operate globally as Merck in the future - the only excep-
tions are Canada and the United States. In these countries
we operate as EMD Serono in the Biopharma business, as
MilliporeSigma - following the completed acqui:
Sigma-Aldrich - in the Life Science business, and as EMD
Performance Materials in the materials business.

With a history of nearly 350 years, we are the oldest
chemical and pharmaceutical company in the world. Our
product portfolio ranges from innovative pharmaceuticals
and biopharmaceuticals, to life science tools, specialty
chemicals, and high-tech materials.

Since January 1, 2015, in line with our strategic
direction, Merck has comprised three business sectors:
Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials. These
encompass the Group’s six businesses. Our financial
reporting has also followed this structure since January 1,
2015, with five regions: Europe, North America, Asia-
Pacific (APAC), Latin America as well as Middle East and
Africa (MEA).

Merck had 49,613 employees worldwide on December 31,
2015 compared with 39,639 on December 31, 2014, which
was prior to the acqui jon of Sigma-Aldrich.

ition of

Healthcare

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the four businesses
Biopharma, Consumer Health, Biosimilars, and Allergopharma.
In 2015, the Healthcare business sector generated 54% of
Group sales and 50% of EBITDA pre exceptionals (excluding
Corporate and Other), making it the largest of our three busi-
ness sectors.

Since January 1, 2015, Belén Garijo has been the member
of the Executive Board responsible for the Healthcare business
sector. The regions of Europe and North America generated
60% of Healthcare’s net sales in 2015. In recent years, we
have steadily expanded the presence of this business sector in
growth markets. In 2015, the Asia-Pacific and Latin America
regions accounted for 34% of its sales.

Biopharma

Our Biopharma business discovers, develops, manufactures,
and markets innovative pharmaceutical and biological prescrip-
tion drugs to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS), infertility
and growth disorders, as well as certain cardiovascular and
metabolic diseases. With headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany,
we offer leading brands in specialty medicine indications. We
are advancing our research and development (R&D) portfolio
across the areas of oncology, immuno-oncology and immunol-
ogy, and continue to invest in developing programs in multiple
sclerosis. With our expertise in discovery and early develop-
ment, as well as approximately 25 projects in clinical devel-
opment, we are focused on delivering differentiated new ther-
apies to patients with unmet medical needs.

Biopharma’s top-selling medicine is Rebif® (interferon
beta-1a), an important product for people living with MS.
Multiple sclerosis is one of the most common neurological
diseases among young adults. We signaled our continuing
commitment to this disease area on September 11, 2015,
when we announced that we had submitted a letter of intent
to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to file a Marketing
Authorization Application (MAA) for our investigational treat-
ment cladribine tablets. The letter initiates a process to address
pre-submission requirements. Submission plans for other parts
of the world are being further developed and executed.

Erbitux® is the second best-selling drug in the portfolio of
the Biopharma business and its flagship product in oncology.
The product is a standard of care in multiple lines of metastatic
colorectal cancer (MCRC) therapy as well as of both recurrent/
metastatic and locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of
the head & neck (SCCHN).

In November 2014, Merck entered into a global strategic
alliance with Pfizer Inc. to develop and commercialize avelumab*,
an investigational anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and
developed by us and currently in co-development as a potential
treatment for multiple tumor types. The alliance is designed to
boost the two companies’ presence in immuno-oncology. Both
companies have also agreed to combine resources and exper-
tise to advance Pfizer's preclinical-stage anti-PD-1 antibody
(PF-06801591) into Phase I trials. In 2015, together with Pfizer
we initiated six pivotal trials for avelumab, including first-
and second-line non-small cell lung cancer (NSLC), platinum-
resistant ovarian cancer, first- and third-line gastric cancer,
and first-line bladder cancer. Additionally, avelumab is cur-
rently being investigated in a Phase II study of patients with
metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.

* Avelumab is the proposed International Nonproprietary Name (INN) for the anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody, previously known as MSB0010718C.


--- Page 2 ---

46 Combined Management Report

As part of the strategic alliance, we are co-promoting Pfizer's
anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor Xalkori® (crizo-
tinib), a medicine to treat ALK+ metastatic non-small cell lung
cancer, in the United States and several other key markets.
Under the agreement, Xalkori® is being co-promoted in two
waves, the first of which started in the second and third
quarters of 2015 in the United States, Canada, Japan and five
European Union countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and
the United Kingdom). In the United States and Canada,
Xalkori® is being co-promoted by EMD Serono, the brand
under which our U.S. and Canadian Biopharma business
operates. The second wave will begin in 2016 and includes
China and Turkey.

The co-promotion term will last through December 31, 2020
for Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, the United
Kingdom, and the United States. It will run from January 1,
2016 through December 31, 2021 in China and Turkey. In the
first year, we will receive compensation associated with our
promotion of Xalkori®, followed by an 80% (Pfizer), 20%
(Merck) profit sharing on the product in subsequent years.

On December 7, 2015, we announced our decision not to
pursue evofosfamide (hypoxia-activated prodrug) further in soft
tissue sarcoma and pancreatic cancer since, despite signs of
activity in locally advanced and metastatic pancreatic cancer,
two Phase III studies did not meet pre-specified primary end-
points. We therefore decided not to pursue the evofosfamide
development program further.

Our Biopharma business also offers products that help cou-
ples to conceive a child. The products in our Fertility franchise
are an important growth driver for our Biopharma business
with an increasing demand in growth markets and the trend of
couples postponing childbearing until later in life when natural
fertility is in decline. As market leader and innovator, we are
the only company that has a complete and clinically proven
portfolio of fertility drugs for every stage of the reproductive
cycle, including recombinant versions of the three hormones
needed to treat infertility. We combine an over 60-year heritage
of fertility expertise and are committed to improving treatment
outcomes, as well as developing and providing innovative
products and devices. In 2015, we won the Red Dot Award:
Product Design 2015 for our fertility pens, used to inject
hormones for follicle stimulation.

To build on our strengths in fertility hormones, we are
offering an additional comprehensive portfolio of highly inno-
vative fertility technologies from incubation to freezing. This
comprises the Gavi™, Geri™ and Gems™ product lines. Gavi™
is the world’s first automated vitrification instrument, using an
automated and standardized laboratory protocol. Geri™ is an
innovative benchtop incubator with individually controlled
incubation chambers per patient to minimize disruptive events
to the early-stage embryo. Gems™ is the latest generation of
Genea Biomedx culture media allowing for high quality embryo
cultivation. Gavi™, and Geri™ received the CE mark clearance
in Europe in 2015. The three product lines have not yet been
cleared for use in the United States.

To further strengthen our offering, our Biopharma busi-
ness established the joint development hub ARTinnovations
together with Genea. Founded to develop an innovative pipeline

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

of fertility technologies and services, ARTinnovations helps to
support patients undergoing assisted reproductive technology
(ART) and provides healthcare professionals with innovations
to generate objective information to make important treatment
decisions. Furthermore, we formed the Global Fertility Alli-
ance, a collaboration with Illumina Inc. and Genea Limited to
advance excellence and standardization in Fertility.

Also in 2015, we launched a new version of the Eeva® Test
with the Xtend Algorithm, the advanced version of a non-invasive
test to aid embryo assessment within assisted reproductive
technology. The new version builds on the scientific and clini-
cal record of our Eeva® System.

The General Medicine franchise mainly includes brands
to treat cardiometabolic diseases. Although no longer patent-
protected, the excellent brand equity built over decades makes
our flagship products cornerstones for the treatment of chronic
cardiovascular or metabolic diseases. This applies, for example,
to Glucophage® containing the active ingredient metformin,
the drug of choice for first-line treatment of type 2 diabetes;
to Concor® containing bisoprolol, the leading beta-blocker for
chronic cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension, coronary
artery disease and chronic heart failure, for which around
12 million patients are treated every year; and to Euthyrox®
(levothyroxine), the leading treatment for hypothyroidism.

Demand for cardiometabolic therapies is continuously ris-
ing, particularly in growth markets. This is due to both increas-
ing life expectancy and in part also to growing prosperity in
these regions, along with the resulting changes in lifestyle and
dietary habits. Beyond developing life cycle management
products to capitalize on our strong brand equity, we entered
into a long-term strategic partnership with Lupin Ltd. of India
to broaden the General Medicine portfolio in growth markets to
include affordable, high-quality medicines. The main products
of the Endocrinology franchise are Saizen® (somatropin) and
Kuvan® (sapropterin dihydrochloride).

In October 2015, we announced that we would return the
rights for Kuvan® to BioMarin in order to fully focus on our core
businesses while giving patients continued support from a part-
ner dedicated to orphan diseases. We remain highly committed
to patients in the field of endocrinology, and in particular to
advancing the treatment of growth hormone-deficient patients
with Saizen®. Also in October 2015, Frost & Sullivan recog-
nized Merck’s growth hormone franchise with the European
Competitive Strategy Innovation and Leadership Award.

Furthermore, for several years we have been developing
award-winning novel injection devices that make injections
more user-friendly and at the same time more reliable for
patients than conventional or prefilled syringes. In addition,
these products make it easier for healthcare practitioners and
patients to ensure adherence and thus to reach their treatment
goals. Examples are the easypod™ electromechanical injection
devices, the only growth hormone injection device of its kind,
for the delivery of Saizen®, and RebiSmart™ for Rebif® (inter-
feron beta-1a). Additionally, both easypod™ and RebiSmart™
are able to wirelessly transfer data such as injection times,
dates and doses to the Web-based software systems easypod™
connect and MSdialog.


--- Page 3 ---

Merck

Consumer Health

In our Consumer Health business, we manufacture and market
over-the-counter pharmaceuticals and food supplements,
focusing on a number of well-known strategic brands. These
include Neurobion®, Bion®, Seven Seas®, Nasivin®, Femibion®,
and Dolo-Neurobion®, as well as Floratil®, Sangobion®,
Vigantoletten®, Apaisyl®, and Kytta®. Ranking 11" in the
global OTC market, we have a high market penetration in
Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East and
Africa. Our growth rates are particularly strong in Chile,
Colombia, Ecuador, India, Indonesia, Mexico, the Philippines,
and Saudi Arabia.

Global megatrends favor the future growth of the Merck
Consumer Health business. People are becoming more health-
conscious and concerned with their own physical well-being.
Preventive healthcare and as little invasive medication as
possible are becoming increasingly important - in both estab-
lished and growth markets, characterized by a growing middle
class with specific needs.

We continue to pursue the “3 x 3 strategy”. The aim is to
deliberately invest in about 15 to 20 key countries in order to
be present in each with at least three leading brands and to
achieve a respective local market share of at least 3%. This
should be accomplished by organic growth, geographic expan-
sion and eventually smaller, tactical acquisitions of brands
which fit into the strategy and ideally into the existing product
categories.

For example, in 2015 we began the launch of our Bion®
brand in Brazil to add another potentially leading brand to the
local portfolio. In addition, the Vigantol®, Anemidox®/Confer®
and Hepabionta® brands were transferred from Biopharma to
Consumer Health to leverage them through consumerization.

Biosimilars
Our Biosimilars business is committed to providing access to
high-quality biologics to more patients all over the globe. In
addition, we are developing a biosimilars portfolio focused on
oncology and inflammatory disorders through both in-house
research and development expertise in biologics and partner-
ships with other biosimilar players. In 2015, we moved bio-
similar candidates into clinical development. The first Phase III
study for a biosimilar will be initiated in the first quarter of 2016.
Biosimilars is an attractive market in which Merck is
well-positioned since we can build on existing strengths and
capabilities across the biosimilars value chain. This includes

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 47

the ability to leverage internal assets or source capabilities
from suppliers to ensure compliance with regulatory require-
ments, secure market access across key growth markets,
leverage commercial manufacturing capabilities and flexibility,
as well as adopt a tailored go-to-market approach.

We have also established a strategic alliances with Dr. Reddy's
in India to co-develop multiple cancer drugs and with Bionovis
in Brazil to supply the Brazilian market with biological products
under the Product Development Partnership (PDP) policy of the
Brazilian Ministry of Health.

Allergopharma

Our allergy business Allergopharma is one of the leading
companies in the field of allergen immunotherapy (AIT). The
Allergopharma portfolio includes a diverse spectrum of approved
allergen products that meet high quality standards. AIT (hypo-
sensitization, desensitization, specific immunotherapy) is the
only causal therapy for treating allergies to unavoidable aller-
gens.

We manufacture products to diagnose and treat type 1
allergies such as hay fever or allergic asthma. Merck’s allergy
business offers high-dose, hypoallergenic, standardized prod-
ucts for allergen immunotherapy of pollen and mite allergies.
These allergoids have a special focus in Allergopharma’s
product portfolio and constitute a cornerstone in its integrated
health approach for patients suffering from these conditions. For
effective treatment, reliable diagnosis is key. Allergopharma
offers a broad range of diagnostics in the field of allergies
with more than 100 single allergens, providing physicians with
the specific tools needed to identify the substances causing an
allergy. In addition, Allergopharma provides individual aller-
gen extracts on a named patient basis, which are needed to
treat less frequent allergies - personalized medicine has been
a reality for Allergopharma for many years now. Products of
Allergopharma are available in more than 20 markets world-
wide.

The market for causal allergy therapies is a global growth
market. On the one hand, the global growth expected by
market researchers will be generated by an increasing number
of people with allergies, and on the other hand it is based on
the rising use of allergen immunotherapy in many growth
markets.

By expanding production and thus our capacities in Reinbek
as of 2017, we want to increase our global presence and help
to meet increasingly high manufacturing standards.


--- Page 4 ---

4B Combined Management Report

Life Science

The purpose of our Life Science business sector is to solve the
world’s toughest life science problems by collaborating with
the global scientific community. We have a broad product
and technology portfolio and offer innovative solutions for
scientists and engineers in the life science industry.

Life science comprises the research branches concerned
with the structure and behavior of living organisms. Our prod-
ucts and services are used in the research, development and
manufacture of biotechnological and pharmaceutical drug
therapies, as well as in research and application laboratories.
In addition, our products and services also reach adjacent
markets such as the food and beverage industry.

For the Life Science business sector, the most important
event of 2015 was the completion in autumn 2015 of the
acquisition of the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation (Sigma-Aldrich).
The takeover of this U.S. life science company was the largest
in Merck's corporate history.

In 2015, the Life Science business sector contributed 26%
to Group sales and 22% to EBITDA pre exceptionals (excluding
Corporate and Other). With the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich and
the first-time consolidation for a full year, these percentages
are set to increase significantly in 2016, thus further raising
the importance of the Life Science business sector.

On April 13, 2015, we had already announced Udit Batra’s
appointment to lead the combined Life Science business of
Merck Millipore and Sigma-Aldrich. This appointment took
effect upon the successful completion of the acquisition in
November 2015.

In the course of 2015, the aim was to secure numerous
antitrust approvals needed for the acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich. An important milestone here was European Commis-
sion approval, which was granted subject to certain conditions
in June. This was followed by antitrust approvals in Japan and
from the Chinese Ministry of Commerce. Prior to that we had
secured antitrust clearance from the United States, Taiwan,
South Africa, Russia, Serbia, Israel, and Ukraine. In order to
fulfill the EU commitments, Merck and Sigma-Aldrich had to
agree to sell parts of Sigma-Aldrich’s solvents and inorganics
business in Europe. This included the sale of Sigma-Aldrich’s
manufacturing assets in Seelze, Germany, the divestment of
solvents and inorganics sold by Sigma-Aldrich worldwide
under the Fluka, Riedel-de-Haen and Hydranal brands, as well
as a temporary license to the Sigma-Aldrich brand for the
supply of solvents and inorganics in the European Economic
Area. On October 20, 2015, we announced that an agreement
had been reached to sell the relevant businesses in Europe to
Honeywell in fulfilment of commitments made to the European
Union in order to win antitrust approval of the acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich.

Approval from Brazil’s Council for Economic Defense in
August marked the final outstanding clearance after Israel and
South Korea had also granted their approvals. Following the
receipt of all the necessary antitrust approvals for the acqui-
sition of Sigma-Aldrich, we announced the transaction closing
on November 18, 2015.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

By acquiring Sigma-Aldrich, we have become one of the lead-
ers in the global life science industry worth more than
€ 100 billion. With this new combination we will be able to
serve life science customers around the world with a highly
attractive set of established brands such as Millipore, Sigma-
Aldrich, Milli-Q, SAFC and BioReliance. Moreover, we have
a highly efficient supply chain through which we can support
the delivery of more than 300,000 products. In the laboratory
and academia business, we offer our customers an extensive
and customized range of products across laboratory chemi-
cals, biologics and reagents. In pharma and biopharma produc-
tion, Sigma-Aldrich complements our existing products and
capabilities with additions along the entire value chain of drug
production and validation.

While Sigma-Aldrich will largely be integrated into our Life
Science business sector, we decided that the SAFC Hitech
business will be integrated into our Performance Materials
business sector and will operate as part of the Integrated
Circuit Materials business unit. SAFC Hitech and Performance
Materials offer complementary technologies, making these
two businesses a natural fit.

In 2015, our Life Science business sector comprised three
business areas: Lab Solutions, Process Solutions and Bio-
science.

On this basis, our Life Science business generates recur-
ring sales and stable, attractive cash flows in an industry that
is characterized by stringent regulatory requirements. A highly
diversified and loyal customer base additionally ensures a low
risk profile. In the future, Life Science will benefit from an
even broader portfolio, a highly efficient supply chain including
a superb e-commerce platform, and a global reach.

Following the completion of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition,
we put in place Strategic Marketing & Innovation teams (SMIs)
to promote and deliver innovation tailored to our life science
customers’ needs. These take the place of the previous busi-
ness areas (Lab Solutions, Process Solutions and Bioscience).
Going forward, our Life Science business sector will thus be
organized around three customer segments: Research Solutions
focuses on academia, Process Solutions supports biopharma-
ceutical production, and Applied Solutions serves clinical and
diagnostic testing laboratories as well as the food and environ-
mental industries. The SMI teams will be responsible for defining
customer segment strategy, product portfolio and product value
propositions. In the newly combined business, life science has
commercial areas which are managed by region and customer
segment to leverage regional and local expertise. There are
two commercial areas - one dedicated to the lab customers
between Research and Applied and one dedicated to the
Process Solution customers (including the SAFC customer
base). The commercial areas are responsible for marketing,
sales as well as customer and dealer relationships.


--- Page 5 ---

Merck

In 2015, our Lab Solutions business covered demand for prod-
ucts for research as well as analytical and clinical laboratories
in a wide variety of industries. The business area accounted
for 36% of our Life Science sales in 2015. Laboratory water
equipment, laboratory chemicals and consumables as well as
test solutions make it possible to identify microbial contamina-
tion, for example in pharmaceutical products, food or drinking
water. For inorganic chemistry, we supply ultrapure reagents,
including salts, acids, caustic alkalis and buffering agents, and
we also manufacture reference materials for instrumental
analysis and products for inorganic trace analysis.

Adding to our industry-leading laboratory water equipment,
in 2015 we started with the introduction of our AFS® water puri-
fication systems. They have been developed to provide clinical
laboratories with an economical and reliable water purification
solution for daily water volumes of up to 3,000 liters.

Later in the year we introduced a new class of spectro-
photometers in Europe for analysis of waste water, drinking
water, beverages and process water. Spectroquant® Prove is
available in three models and offers the largest choice of water
test kits and methods.

Bioscience accounted for 13% of sales in our Life Science
business sector in 2015. The main product groups of this busi-
ness area in 2015 included tools and consumables for filtration
and sample preparation, reagents and kits for cell biology
experiments, as well as small tools and consumables for cell
analysis. With these products, we support our customers in
understanding complex biological systems and identifying
new target molecules. Our applications help to make research
processes faster and more efficient.

Our new Magna ChIRP™ RNA Interactome Kits allow
researchers to more easily identify, recover and analyze
regions of chromatin that interact with chromatin-associated
RNAs such as long non-coding RNA (IncRNA). The kits simplify
the ChIRP method.

A study on our synthetic Strat-M® membrane was conducted
by researchers at Josai University in Japan and published in
the January 25, 2015 issue of the “European Journal of
Pharmaceutical Sciences”. This study showed that through the
use of our Strat-M® membrane as a synthetic non-animal skin
model, it is possible to predict the skin permeation of, for
example, active pharmaceutical ingredients, cosmetic actives,
personal care products and pesticides during studies as effec-
tively as with real human or animal skin.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 49

Our Process Solutions business area, which accounted for
43% of Life Science sales in 2015, offers a diverse range of
products to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that
enable customers to develop large- and small-molecule drugs
safely, effectively and cost-efficiently. In addition, the business
area’s portfolio comprises more than 400 chemicals for the
synthesis of active pharmaceutical ingredients as well as drug
delivery compounds. The offering in biotech production com-
prises products supporting cell growth and gene expression,
a wide range of filtration systems, as well as salts and sugars.
The single-use solutions offered by the Process Solutions busi-
ness provide increased flexibility to biopharma customers since
they eliminate time- and cost-intensive cleaning procedures.
Moreover, these single-use solutions are compatible with various
products, thus reducing investment costs for our customers.

In 2015, we enhanced the application of our existing tan-
gential flow filtration (TFF) technology that allows concentra-
tion of process streams without the recirculation required in
traditional TFF.

A collaboration with the German company celares GmbH
to provide PEGylation services to customers developing
protein-based therapeutics and biosimilars was established.
celares GmbH is a specialist for PEGylation, a special form of
drug delivery for biopharmaceuticals. This collaboration enables
us to expand our service offering to include conjugation, further
helping our biopharmaceutical and biosimilar customers to
optimize their protein therapeutics and to reduce their time to
market.

In addition, we introduced enhancements to our industry-
leading EMPROVE® portfolio of pharmaceutical raw materials
in 2015. The expanded documentation and regulatory infor-
mation facilitates drug product manufacturers’ risk assess-
ment workflows and supplier qualification. The enhancements
also help drug product manufacturers meet their own internal
quality guidelines as well as those recently published by the
European Commission.

Building on our strong filtration portfolio, we introduced
Millipore Express® PHF (process protection, high-flux) hydro-
philic filters for fast, efficient and economical buffer filtration.

A highlight of 2015 for Process Solutions was a strategic
alliance with Turgut Ilac, a leading biosimilars company based
in Turkey through which the business area will provide its
Provantage® End-to-End services for the development and
manufacturing of biologics. Phase one of the agreement will
focus on monoclonal antibody biosimilars for non-small cell
lung carcinoma and rheumatoid arthritis, the first molecules of
Turgut's biosimilar pipeline that will be supported by us under
this strategic relationship.


--- Page 6 ---

SO Combined Management Report

Performance Materials

Our entire specialty chemicals business is consolidated in our
Performance Materials business sector. The portfolio includes
high-tech performance chemicals for applications in fields such
as consumer electronics, lighting, coatings, printing technol-
ogy, paints, plastics, and cosmetics. Since January 1, 2015,
Performance Materials has been organized into the following
business units: Display Materials, Pigments & Functional
Materials, Integrated Circuit Materials, and Advanced Tech-
nologies.

Performance Materials’ share of Group sales was 20% and
its share of EBITDA pre exceptionals (excluding Corporate and
Other) amounted to 28%. The EBITDA margin pre exceptionals
was 44.3% of sales.

Our Liquid Crystals (LC) business, which is part of the
Display Materials business unit, generated more than half of
Performance Materials’ sales in 2015. We have long been the
global market and technology leader in liquid crystal mixtures.
This market is highly consolidated; it is characterized by bar-
riers to market entry due to the technological complexity of
liquid crystals and the high quality requirements of industrial
customers and consumers. Large LC display manufacturers
are among the customers of our Liquid Crystals business. It
comprises the broadest product offering for our customers in
industry, including, for example, liquid crystals optimized for
PS-VA (televisions) and IPS (smartphones and tablets) technol-
ogies. In addition, we are continuously setting standards in new
developments. An example of this is our UB-FFS technology,
which is enabling a breakthrough in the energy efficiency of
displays for smartphones and tablets, and for which we received
the German Innovation Award in 2015.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

The Display Materials business unit, which was newly formed
on January 1, 2015, benefited in 2015 from the established
Liquid Crystals business and the complementary former AZ
Electronic Materials (AZ) business (Optronics) with display
materials (for example photoresists), which was integrated
into the business unit. The demand for established liquid
crystal technologies remained robust, also benefiting from the
demand for high-end televisions, for example ultra-HD TVs
with ever larger display diagonals. In 2015, we focused on
developing new application possibilities for liquid crystals,
such as smart windows, so-called liquid crystal windows
(LCWs). Liquid crystal windows allow continuously variable
switching from light to dark in just seconds while permitting
a broad color spectrum. In 2014, Merck acquired Peer+, a Dutch
specialist for this technology; the company has meanwhile
been fully integrated. In the first half of 2015, the first LCW
panels were installed in Merck’s new modular Innovation
Center in Darmstadt. Since then, the new technology has been
presented at exhibitions and a broader market launch is planned
for the coming years. The architectural opportunities offered
by these smart materials were demonstrated in October 2015
at a congress in Chicago, which Merck organized together with
Harvard University Graduate School of Design.

The Pigments & Functional Materials business unit develops
and markets a comprehensive product portfolio of decorative
effect pigments and functional materials. The effect pigments
are primarily used in automotive and industrial coatings,
plastics, printing applications, and cosmetics in order to give
products a unique shine. Functional materials include laser
marking, conductive additives, and applications for counterfeit
protection, as well as high-quality cosmetic active ingredients,
for example for use in skin care, sun protection and insect
repellants.


--- Page 7 ---

Merck

The new Integrated Circuit Materials (ICM) business unit was
established on January 1, 2015, from the former semiconductor
business of AZ. ICM supplies products for integrated circuits.
As an important partner to leading global electronics manufac-
turers, ICM achieves more than 60% of its sales in Asia, and
generates more than three-quarters of its sales with products
that are the leaders in their respective markets. The products
offered by ICM are used, among other things, to manufacture
integrated circuits and microelectronic systems, for antireflection
coatings, and for the miniaturization of transistor structures.
The portfolio of the former AZ thus optimally complements the
range of materials offered by Performance Materials.

The Sigma-Aldrich SAFC Hitech business consisting of
high-purity materials for silicon semiconductors, compound
semiconductors and other high-tech applications is being fully
integrated into the Integrated Circuit Materials business unit.
It ideally complements our product offering as a leading global
supplier to the electronics and semiconductor industries. In
September we announced the acquisition of Ormet Circuits Inc.
to further bolster the position of Integrated Circuit Materials as
a manufacturer of semiconductor materials and to diversify
the product portfolio.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 51

The Advanced Technologies business unit invests particularly
in future-oriented research and development in Performance
Materials. A very good example of this is our materials for
organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), which are used in new
lighting techniques and display technologies. They enable, for
example, foldable and rollable or transparent displays with
excellent color brilliance and image sharpness. 2015 was the
most successful year to date for our OLED materials business.
The performance of the OLED materials business was very
positive, not least thanks to the strong growth in demand from
Asian countries. In 2015, it was one of our fastest growing
businesses, with a constantly expanding customer base. Sig-
nificant investments were made in order to set the course for
further progress and success in this future-oriented business.
In May 2015, we inaugurated the OLED Application Center in
Pyeongtaek, Korea. Three weeks later, we laid the cornerstone
for a new OLED materials production unit in Darmstadt. With
a volume of more than € 30 million, the project is one of the
largest single investments we have made at the Darmstadt
site in recent years.

In June, we acquired the Israeli company Qlight Nanotech,
a leading start-up for research in quantum materials which,
among other things, can further improve the color properties
of displays.


--- Page 8 ---

2 Combined Management Report

Objectives and Strategies

In 2015, the transformation process that we launched
back in 2007 culminated in the successful acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich. We have transformed from a classic supplier
of chemicals and pharmaceuticals into a leading science
and technology company.

General principles and Group strategy

General principles

Our Group strategy is based on an almost 350-year history of
success. General principles provide stability and guidance in
all our business endeavors. They help those responsible within
the company to shape strategic plans and make decisions.

The partner structure of Merck KGaA with members of the
Merck family as personally liable partners requires the Executive
Board, whose members are also personally liable partners, to
pay special attention to the long-term development of value.
Therefore, sustainability plays a special role for us. The objec-
tive is to align the long-term development of the company
with the legitimate interests of shareholders, whose engage-
ment in the company is normally of a shorter duration. That is
why our business portfolio must always be balanced so that it
reflects an optimum mix of entrepreneurial opportunities and
risks. We achieve this through diversification in the Healthcare,
Life Science and Performance Materials business sectors, as
well as through our geographic breadth with respect to growth
sources.

For us, however, the principle of sustainability applies not
only to economic aspects. Instead, it also encompasses respon-
sibility for society and environmental protection. With our
existing and our future product portfolio, we want to help
solve global challenges and shape a sustainable future. Around
50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that
improve and enhance life, from biopharmaceutical therapies
to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, to cutting-edge systems
for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for
smartphones and LCD televisions.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

Group strategy
In 2007, we started a transformation process to secure our
future through profitable growth in today’s Healthcare, Life
Science and Performance Materials business sectors. With the
completion of the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in Novem-
ber 2015, this transformation process achieved its aim. In
recent years, we have thus transformed from a classic chemical
and pharmaceutical group into a leading science and technology
company. This change is also reflected by the repositioning of
the Merck brand, which was launched with a revamped visual
appearance and the introduction of a new logo in October 2015.
The process started with the change program “Sustain.
Change. Grow.” and the two major acquisitions of Serono SA
in 2007 and the Millipore Corporation in 2010. In 2011, we
embarked on the “Fit for 2018” transformation and growth
program with a new executive management team. In the first
phase, we created the foundation for profitable growth by
introducing a new global leadership organization and a com-
prehensive, Group-wide efficiency program. The second phase,
which started in 2014, was aimed at successively implementing
the growth options identified by establishing three strong plat-
forms for sustainable profitable growth. We are building on our
core competencies:
e Science and technology
° Closeness to existing businesses
e Customer proximity (to offer tailored solutions)

Overall, acquisitions and divestments since 2004 with a total
transaction volume of around € 38 billion have helped cement
the strategic change to a science and technology company.
These also included the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials,
a leading supplier of high-tech materials for the electronics
industry. A milestone in our growth strategy was the successful
completion of the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in 2015, which
has enabled us to become a leading company in the attractive
life science industry. The aim of our strengthened Life Science
business sector is to solve the greatest challenges in the
industry globally. To this end, we now have a considerably
broader range comprising more than 300,000 products offered
via one of the industry's leading e-commerce platforms.


--- Page 9 ---

Objectives and Strategies

The complete overhaul of our brand is to communicate this new
direction to our customers, partners and employees. A more
self-confident and at the same time clearer tone of voice and
the new visual appearance reflect our character as a vibrant
science and technology company, ensuring that we are recog-
nizable and remain visible as Merck. This investment in our
Merck brand is also part of the strategic “Fit for 2018” trans-
formation and growth program.

The strategic change is also indicated by the changing
composition of sales, with a growing share of high-quality
and innovative solutions in all three business sectors. The
Healthcare business sector today generates around 60% of
its sales with biopharmaceuticals. In 2006, there was only one
such product, Erbitux®, which accounted for less than 10% of
sales. The classic Chemicals business has increasingly become
a premium materials business that offers Merck customers a
wide range of value-adding products. Today, high-tech materials
and life science tools make up around 80% of sales in the Life
Science and Performance Materials business sectors. In 2006,
the share was around 30%.

In addition, the geographic split of sales has changed,
reflecting our mid- to long-term goal to further expand our
strong market position in growth markets. In 2015, the growth
markets of the reported regions Asia-Pacific and Latin America
contributed 43% to Group sales.

With our three business sectors Healthcare, Life Science
and Performance Materials we now hold leading positions in the
corresponding markets. Our goal is to continue to generate
sustainable and profitable growth. We intend to achieve this by
growing organically and further developing our competencies,
as well as by making targeted acquisitions that complement
and expand existing strengths in meaningful ways. Building on
leading products in all our businesses, we aim to generate
income that is largely independent of the prevailing economic
cycles. With innovative products and services and our unique
combination of businesses, we have built the platforms to offer
solutions to support global megatrends triggered for example
by demographic changes or digitalization. Merck aims to drive
innovations within the businesses as well as between and
beyond the existing businesses. In order to foster innovations
across the three businesses and external partners, an Innovation
Center at Group headquarters in Darmstadt was opened in
October 2015 (see page 10 et seq. in the magazine section of
this Annual Report). The company also started a digitalization
initiative aimed at driving digitalization within the business
sectors and set up corresponding projects. A Chief Digital
Officer was appointed in December 2015.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report S3

Strategic initiatives

Capability initiatives

As Merck continues to grow in size and the business becomes
increasingly global, we want Merck to be seen as ONE com-
pany. ONE Merck stands not only for a strong brand, but also
comprises three other capability initiatives that are of strategic
importance for the Group.

The capability initiative ONE Merck brand aims to strengthen
the value of the Merck brand, to increase the company’s global
visibility and reputation, and to become more attractive to
customers, partners and talent. Our new brand orientation is
a significant factor in achieving this goal: A self-confident and
expressive design with a new logo and the “Vibrant M” as a
distinguishing feature create a visual link between all our global
businesses and products. This focus on Merck as our core brand
will be supported by eliminating the former, separate division
names (with the exception of the United States and Canada).

The framework for talent development, compensation and
performance management is also to be harmonized globally
(ONE Talent Development, Rewards and Performance Manage-
ment). As part of this initiative, we established a consistent
and integrated talent and performance management process
and are proactively identifying and sourcing talent, as well as
ensuring workforce diversity.

The goal of the third capability initiative ONE Process
Harmonization, Standardization and Excellence is to better
coordinate processes and apply them consistently. This is
particularly the case with software applications. Continuous
improvement will take place through benchmarking. This will
allow us to adapt rapidly to business changes as well as to
integrate future acquisitions into the company seamlessly and
efficiently.

The importance of our headquarters in Darmstadt is also
to increase - along the lines of ONE Global Headquarters. Our
headquarters is to become a central location for creativity,
scientific exchange and innovation. With the new Innovation
Center we have created a basis that will allow us to better use
our employees’ innovation potential, optimize cross-functional
and Group-wide collaboration on projects, and also give
external innovators the opportunity to develop their ideas with
support from Merck.


--- Page 10 ---

54% Combined Management Report

Business strategies
Healthcare business sector

Biopharma

We aim to be a preferred global biopharmaceutical partner
through an enduring commitment to transforming patients’
lives with innovative specialty medicines, leading brands and
high-value solutions. Global megatrends such as world popu-
lation growth and a general increase in life expectancy are
bolstering the demand for our products. We are well-positioned
for sustainable growth.

The first pillar of our strategy in Biopharma is to deliver
innovation globally. We have redesigned our R&D operating
model and improved the portfolio decision-making process. We
have drastically improved the quality of our pipeline by aggres-
sively pruning low probability assets and redirecting resources
to priority programs. Efficiency in R&D has been strengthened
with a focus on selected core therapeutic areas - oncology,
immuno-oncology and immunology - and with the depth of
talent in the respective Translational Innovation Platforms. We
have also increased our focus on biomarker-driven programs
to improve patient outcomes. Our development programs
include avelumab, the anti-PD-L1 antibody that we are devel-
oping and will commercialize with Pfizer, and M7824, our first-
in-class bi-functional fusion protein in immuno-oncology;
tepotinib, a c-Met inhibitor in oncology; atacicept and BTKi447,
a Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor, in immunology; and cladrib-
ine in multiple sclerosis.

In this context, strategic collaborations are an integral part
of delivering on our commitment to transforming the lives of
patients living with serious unmet medical needs. We recognize
the value of collaboration in the research and development of
breakthrough therapies, as well as strengthening our current
portfolio. We look for partners who share our passion for inno-
vation and whose expertise complements our existing portfolio,
and who share our mission to discover treatments that improve
patient lives.

We focus on balancing the right blend of internal capabili-
ties and external partnerships, building strong collaborations
with other leaders in industry including Pfizer, Genea and Bio-
cartis, among others. Our integrated research and develop-
ment capacity is strongly supported by partnering activities to
complement our pipeline, strengthen our technology base and
enhance our scientific capabilities.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

The second pillar of our strategy is to maximize our existing
portfolio in developed markets. In the Multiple Sclerosis
franchise, the vision is to remain a leader by providing innova-
tive solutions that include drugs, devices and services to help
people living with multiple sclerosis. We plan to realize the
potential of Rebif®, our top-selling product, in an increasingly
competitive multiple sclerosis market. We now have full con-
trol of its promotion since the end of our collaboration with
Pfizer in the United States in this field. We will position Rebif®
as the best interferon-based therapeutic option for patients
who suffer from the relapsing form of the disease. We are
driving differentiation via smart injection devices and the first
comprehensive support program for patients with multiple
sclerosis including an e-health platform. In Fertility, our focus
is on expanding market leadership and on providing innovative
services and technologies beyond drugs to address patient
needs and to improve outcomes beyond stimulation. In Oncol-
ogy, we promote the value of Erbitux®, especially in Europe
and Japan, and emphasize the importance of offering patients
complete testing for RAS status in order to ensure optimal
outcomes. Through the co-promotion of Xalkori® with Pfizer,
we have entered the United States oncology market and will
prepare for the future launch of avelumab, our anti-PD-L1
antibody across the major markets.

The third pillar of our Biopharma strategy is to expand fur-
ther in growth markets. With a growing middle class, extended
health care coverage, a shift towards chronic diseases, and
rising demand for biologics, growth markets are a key driver
for us. We are implementing strategic growth initiatives in our
General Medicine and specialty medicine franchises to address
specific needs. We are leveraging capabilities and local chan-
nels, for example by extending the breadth and depth of pro-
motion in China, expanding our portfolio via regional and local
licensing, and supporting market developments in Fertility. We
are also investing selectively and growing our flagship brands
with new formulations (Euthyrox® and Glucophage®), fixed-
dose combinations (Concor®) and devices (Saizen®). And we
are repatriating business, for example in China and in Russia,
taking back the promotion of Merck products from industry
partners where attractive.


--- Page 11 ---

Objectives and Strategies

Biosimilars

Biosimilars is an attractive market in which we are well-
positioned as we can build on existing strengths and capabili-
ties across the biosimilars value chain. This comprises the
ability to leverage internal assets or source capabilities from
suppliers to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements,
secure market access across key markets including growth
markets, leverage commercial manufacturing capabilities and
flexibility, as well as adopt a tailored go-to-market approach.
In 2015, we made further progress with our biosimilars in
clinical development. The first Phase III study for a biosimilar
will start in the first quarter of 2016. We have established
strategic alliances with Dr. Reddy’s in India to co-develop
multiple cancer drugs as well as Bionovis in Brazil to supply
the Brazilian market with biological products under the Product
Development Partnership (PDP) policy of the Brazilian Ministry
of Health. Moreover, we are committed to further expand the
Biosimilars business through additional collaboration agree-
ments and partnerships in the future.

Allergopharma

Allergy remains a significant global problem as millions of peo-
ple around the world suffer from allergies. Presently, the only
way to prevent a potential worsening and chronic progression
of the condition is Allergy Immunotherapy (AIT) comprising
hyposensitization, desensitization and allergy immunization.
Our Allergopharma business is a manufacturer of AIT diagnos-
tics and prescription drugs. The market for causal allergy
therapies is a global growth market. As expected by market
researchers, the drivers are an increasing prevalence of aller-
gies in a growing worldwide population as well as the growing
use of Allergy Immunotherapy (AIT) in many emerging mar-
kets. A novel state-of-the-art production facility in Reinbek
near Hamburg, will, from 2017 onwards advance global
expansion and ensure that increasingly high manufacturing
standards in the AIT industry are met. With its own research
department and in cooperation with research institutes and
other partners, Allergopharma is actively working on improving
the efficacy, convenience and safety of current therapy options
as well as on developing the next generation of drugs for
allergen immunotherapy.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report SS

Consumer Health

After strategically realigning our Consumer Health business in
2012 and 2013, we began pursuing an aggressive growth
strategy as of 2014. This growth strategy is captured by
“3x3”, indicating our aim to achieve a market share of at least
3% in each of our top markets (including Brazil, France,
Germany, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Poland, and the United
Kingdom), and at least three so-called “lovebrands” in leading
positions within each respective market. An important mile-
stone within the framework of this strategy was the transfer
of the Neurobion® and Floratil® brands from Biopharma to
Consumer Health in 2014. Following their transfer, both brands
clearly demonstrated potential to focus more closely on con-
sumer wishes and needs in core markets, an approach which
we call “consumerization”. For instance, the growth of Floratil®
in the key market of Brazil increased more than tenfold.
Following this initial move, in 2015 further brand transfers —
such as Vigantol in Germany and Europe or smaller local vitamin
brands in Latin America and Southeast Asia - were success-
fully implemented. In 2015, the Consumer Health business
again achieved very high organic sales growth, thus contribut-
ing noticeably to the growth of the Healthcare business sector.
Further important components of implementing the “3x3”
strategy are geographic expansion of existing brands into new
markets, such as the market launch of the Bion® brand in
Brazil throughout 2015, as well as possible tactical acquisi-
tions, as long as these are in line with the strategic direction.

Life Science business sector

By adding Sigma-Aldrich to our existing Life Science business,
we are now one of the leading players in the attractive global
life science industry with a broad product range in attractive
segments.

For 2016, the two major areas of focus for our Life Science
business sector will be to execute the integration and to lever-
age the synergy potential of the acquisition. A seamless inte-
gration is of utmost importance to both customers and the
organization. At our Capital Market Day in December 2015, we
reiterated that we want to realize the announced synergies of
approximately € 260 million within the third year after closing
and that it is our ambition to be the profitability champion of
the sector.


--- Page 12 ---

S6 Combined Management Report

We want to create sustainable value that is based on three
strong strategic levers that form the foundation for future
top-line growth in Life Science: a broad, innovative portfolio,
a balanced geographic footprint and excellent capabilities.
Firstly, as regards the portfolio, with a catalog of more than
300,000 products, we now deliver many of the most highly-
respected brands in the industry, such as Millipore, Sigma-
Aldrich, Milli-Q, SAFC and BioReliance. Our offering covers
every step of the biotech production chain, creating a com-
plete end-to-end workflow. Secondly, through the acquisition
of Sigma-Aldrich, we have significantly increased our geo-
graphic footprint, especially our presence in North America.
Our geographic reach now consists of a presence in more than
60 countries. Building on the strengths of each legacy organi-
zation, we aim to increase our access to the Asian and Latin
American processing market and the North American research
market. Thirdly, our capabilities include excellent supply chain
management able to deal with complexity, an outstanding
e-commerce platform to simplify and optimize the customer
experience and the expertise to manage regulatory barriers.
To best meet the needs of our customers and accelerate
innovation, as of 2016 the teams responsible for Life Science
innovation and product development are strategically organized
around our customers - Research Solutions, Process Solutions
and Applied Solutions. Our Research Solutions team is focused
on helping customers to better understand biological function
and disease through a complete portfolio of solutions that en-
able scientific discovery. Our Process Solutions team provides
products that meet the highest quality and purity standards
with extensive documentation and services to ensure regulatory
compliance. Our Applied Solutions team is focused on supplying
products and workflow solutions that streamline processes,
lower costs and deliver consistent, reliable results for customers.

Performance Materials business sector

The demand for high-tech products in general and innovative
display solutions in particular has seen high global growth
in recent years. This trend is not expected to weaken in the
coming years. Instead, we assume that increasing demand for
these types of consumer goods will come from an expanding
middle class in growth markets. Therefore, we aim to defend
our position as the market and technology leader for liquid
crystals and further expand it as far as possible.

Since the typical life cycle of liquid crystal mixtures is less
than three years, innovation will remain the key success factor.
Our liquid crystals pipeline is well-stocked with new technolo-
gies such as SA-VA (self-aligned vertical alignment) for large-
area displays as well as UB-FFS (ultra-brightness fringe field
switching), which has already achieved commercial success in
tablets and smartphones. Apart from established applications
in displays of mobile devices and televisions, we are working
to use our expertise as the global market and technology
leader to capture new fields of use for liquid crystal technol-
ogy, for example for liquid crystal windows (LCWs) or mobile
antennas.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

Our OLED business, which is part of the Advanced Technologies
business unit, posted strong, above-average growth in 2015.
We want to further position ourselves in the OLED market and
play a leading role in this market segment in the medium
to long term. Lower production costs for OLED displays are
a precondition for this. External partnerships will also be used
in the future to ensure the required exchange of technology
and expertise. This includes for example the partnership with
Seiko Epson, which was signed in 2012. Merck and Seiko
Epson together developed a technology to print OLEDs. As we
expect OLED technology to increase in importance in the
future, we are investing in the development of a comprehen-
sive OLED portfolio. Among other things, we are investing in
a new OLED production plant at our Darmstadt site, where we
are planning to produce materials for modern flat screens and
lighting starting in summer 2016.

The acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials in 2014 sustain-
ably strengthened and diversified the portfolio and the market
position of our Performance Materials business sector, also
beyond the liquid crystals market. All integration measures
were successfully implemented in 2014, adding a further pre-
mium business to the existing profitable businesses. The new
Integrated Circuit Materials business unit offers ultrapure,
innovative specialty chemicals and materials for use in inte-
grated circuits (semiconductors) and equipment, in flat-panel
displays, and for photolithographic printing. Its business
model is similar to that of the other Performance Materials
business units as it is based on innovation, customer proximity,
high market share, and profitability in the growth areas of
displays, semiconductors, organic electronics, and lighting.
Additionally, the integration of the SAFC Hitech business of
Sigma-Aldrich has complemented the product offering of the
Integrated Circuit Materials business unit as a leading global
supplier to the electronics and semiconductor industries.

Within our Pigments & Functional Materials business unit,
the focus of decorative effect pigments is on market and tech-
nological leadership in clearly defined markets for pearl luster
pigments, for instance in applications for high-quality auto-
motive and industrial coatings. The main focus of functional
materials is on niche applications in cosmetics, for example
UV filters, insect protection, anti-aging, as well as technical
functional materials such as laser marking and antistatic appli-
cations.

Strategic financial and dividend policy

We are pursuing a conservative financial policy characterized
by the following aspects:

Financial flexibility and a conservative funding strategy
We ensure that we meet our obligations at all times and
adhere to a conservative and proactive funding strategy that
involves the use of various financial instruments.


--- Page 13 ---

Objectives and Strategies

We have diversified and profitable businesses as the basis for
our strong and sustainable cash flow generation capacity. More-
over, we have several funding resources in place. A € 2 billion
syndicated loan facility maturing in 2020 exists to cover any
unexpected cash needs. The facility is a pure back-up credit
facility and has not been drawn on so far. In addition, we can
use our € 2 billion commercial paper program to issue short-
term commercial paper with a maturity of up to one year.
Furthermore, we are using bilateral bank loan agreements
with first-class banks in order to optimize the funding struc-
ture and cost. Our € 15 billion Debt Issuance Program as one
of the cornerstone financing vehicles enables us to issue bonds
in Europe at short notice and at any time if markets allow. In
addition, we issued hybrid bonds amounting to € 1.5 billion in
2014 and U.S. dollar bonds amounting to US$ 4 billion in 2015
outside the Debt Issuance Program in order to broaden the
funding basis and to address different investor groups.

Maintaining sustainable and reliable business relations
with a core banking group

We mainly work with a well-diversified, financially stable and
reliable banking group. Due to Merck's long-term oriented
business approach, bank relationships typically last for many
years and are characterized by professionalism and trust. The
banking group consists of banks with strong capabilities and
expertise in various products and geographic regions. We
regard these banks as strategic partners. Accordingly, they
are involved in important financing transactions, for instance
the financing of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report S7

Strong investment grade rating

The rating of our creditworthiness by external rating agencies
is an important indicator of the company’s financial stability.
A strong investment grade rating is an important cornerstone
of Merck's financial policy, as it safeguards access to capital
markets at attractive financial conditions. Merck currently has
a Baal rating from Moody's and an A rating from Standard &
Poor's (S&P), both with a negative outlook following the acqui-
sition of Sigma-Aldrich. Within the next two to three years, it
is of utmost importance to us to sharply reduce our debt and to
regain the ratings we had prior to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisi-
tion.

Dividend policy

We are pursuing a sustainable dividend policy. Provided that
the economic environment develops in a stable manner, the
current dividend represents the minimum level for future
dividend proposals. The dividend policy follows the business
development and earnings increase of the coming years. How-
ever, dividend growth could deviate, for example within the
scope of restructuring or in the event of significant global
economic developments. We also aim for a target corridor of
20% to 25% of EPS pre exceptionals.



--- Page 14 ---

SB Combined Management Report Fundamental Information about the Group _ Internal Management System

Internal Management System

As a global company with a diverse portfolio of products and _—‘ The Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summa-
services, we use a comprehensive framework of indicators __rizes the important financial performance measures of the

to manage performance. The most important KPI (key Merck Group, reflects the comprehensive framework of finan-

performance indicator) to measure performance is EBITDA __ cial KPIs to steer the businesses and prioritize the allocation

pre exceptionals. of cash resources. It consists of three managerial dimensions,
which require the use of different indicators: Merck Group,
Business and Projects.

Net sales,
Merck Group EBITDA pre

Net income, EPS,
Dividend ratio,
Credit rating

MEVA

Business

Projects

Abbreviations

EBITDA pre = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization pre exceptionals
EPS = Earnings per share

MEVA = Merck value added

BFCF = Business free cash flow

ROCE = Return on capital employed

NPV = Net present value

IRR = Internal rate of return

eNPV = expected Net present value

PoS = Probability of success

M&A = Mergers and acquisitions



--- Page 15 ---

Internal Management System

Key performance indicators of the
Group and its businesses

The three key performance indicators net sales, EBITDA pre
exceptionals!, and business free cash flow! are the most
important factors for assessing operational performance.
Therefore, we refer to these KPIs in the Report on Economic
Position, the Report on Risks and Opportunities, and in the
Report on Expected Developments. As the most important
indicators of financial business performance, the KPIs are key
elements of our performance management system.

MERCK GROUP
Net sales

€ million / change in %

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report SS

Net sales

Net sales are defined as the revenues from the sale of goods
and services rendered to external customers net of value
added tax and after sales deductions such as rebates or dis-
counts. Net sales are the main indicator of our business growth
and therefore an important parameter of external as well as
internal performance measurement. In addition, acquisition-
and currency-adjusted sales are used for internal performance
management. Since January 1, 2015, commission income has
been included in net sales.

2015 2014 Change

Net sales

12,844.7 11,362.8 13.0

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals is the main performance indicator
measuring ongoing operational profitability and is used inter-
nally and externally. To allow for a better understanding of the
underlying operational performance, it excludes from the oper-
ating result depreciation and amortization as well as excep-
tionals. Exceptionals are restricted to the following categories:
impairments, integration costs/IT costs, restructuring costs,

gains/losses on the divestment of businesses, acquisition costs,
and other exceptionals. The classification of specific income
and expenses as exceptionals follows clear definitions and
underlies strict governance at Group level. Within the scope of
internal performance management, EBITDA pre exceptionals
allows for the necessary changes or restructuring without
penalizing the performance of the operating business.

MERCK GROUP
Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre exceptionals*

€ million/change in % 2015 2014 Change
Operating result (EBIT) 1,843.2 1,762.0 4.6
Depreciation and amortization 1,383.4 1,261.6 9.7
Impairment losses /Reversals of impairment losses 127.5 99.3 28.4
EBITDA? 3,354.1 3,122.9 74
Integration costs/IT costs 77.6 87.2 -11.0
Restructuring costs 47.5 83.9 -43.4
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses 2.0 -1.9 -
Acquisition-related exceptionals 132.7 85.0 56.1
Other exceptionals 15.9 10.6 47.8
EBITDA pre exceptionals* 3,629.8 3,387.7 7A

Business free cash flow (BFCF)

Business free cash flow comprises the major cash-relevant
items that the individual businesses can influence and are
under their full control. It comprises EBITDA pre exceptionals
less the change in the opening and closing amounts reported
in the balance sheet for investments in property, plant and

* Financial indicators not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards.

equipment, software, advance payments for intangible assets,
as well as the change in inventories and trade accounts receiv-
able. To manage working capital on a regional and local level,
the businesses use the two indicators days sales outstanding
and days in inventory.


--- Page 16 ---

6D Combined Management Report

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow

€ million/change in % 2015 2014 Change
EBITDA pre exceptionals * 3,629.8 3,387.7 7.4
Investments in property plant and equipment and software

as well as advance payments for intangible assets -609.0 -527.5 15.4
Changes in inventories as reported in the consolidated balance sheet -960.1 -185.5 -
Changes in trade accounts receivable and receivables from royalties and licenses

as reported in the consolidated balance sheet -514.2 -214.2 140.0
Adjustment first-time consolidation of the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation 1,219.7 - -
Adjustment first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials S.A. - 144.6 =
Business free cash flow! 2,766.2 2,605.1 6.2

Investments and value management

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term
success of the company. To optimize the allocation of financial
resources, we use a defined set of parameters as criteria for
the prioritization of investment opportunities and portfolio
decisions.

Net present value (NPV)

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportu-
nities is net present value. It is based on the discounted cash
flow method and is calculated as the sum of the discounted
free cash flows over the projection period of a project. Consist-
ent with the definition of free cash flow, the weighted average
cost of capital (WACC), representing the weighted average of
the cost of equity and cost of debt, is used as the discount
rate. Depending on the type and location of a project different
mark-ups are applied to the WACC.

Internal rate of return (IRR)

The internal rate of return is a further important criterion for
the assessment of acquisition projects and investments in
property, plant and equipment. It is the discount rate that
makes the present value of all future free cash flows equal to
the initial investment or the purchase price of an acquisition.
A project adds value if the internal rate of return is higher than
the weighted cost of capital including mark-ups.

Return on capital employed (ROCE)

In addition to NPV and IRR, when looking at individual account-
ing periods, ROCE is an important metric for the assessment
of investment projects. It is calculated as the operating result
(EBIT) pre exceptionals divided by the sum of property, plant
and equipment, intangible assets, trade accounts receivable
and trade accounts payable, as well as inventories.

Financial indicators not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards.

Payback period

An additional parameter to prioritize investments into property,
plant and equipment is the payback period, which indicates the
time in years after which an investment will generate positive
net cash flow.

Merck value added (MEVA)

MEVA gives information about the financial value created in
a period. Value is created when the return on capital employed
(ROCE) of the company or the business is higher than the
weighted average cost of capital (WACC). MEVA metrics pro-
vide us with a powerful tool to weigh investment and spending
decisions against capital requirements and investors’ expecta-
tions.

Capital-market-related parameters

Net income and earnings per share (EPS) and earnings
per share pre exceptionals (EPS pre)

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax
attributable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA (net income)
by the weighted average number of theoretical shares out-
standing. The use of a theoretical number of shares takes into
account the fact that the general partner’s capital is not repre-
sented by shares. To provide a more comparable view, we also
publish EPS pre!, which excludes exceptionals from impair-
ment losses, integration costs, IT costs, restructuring costs,
gains/losses on the divestment of businesses, and other
exceptionals as well as amortization of intangible assets as of
a threshold value of € 50 million and is based on the company’s
underlying tax ratio.


--- Page 17 ---

Internal Management System

Credit rating

The rating of our creditworthiness by external agencies is an
important indicator with respect to our ability to raise debt
capital at attractive market conditions. The capital market
makes use of the assessments published by independent rating
agencies in order to assist debt providers in estimating the
risks associated with a financial instrument. We are currently
assessed by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s (S&P). The most
important factor for the credit rating is the ability to repay
debt, which is determined in particular by the ratio of operating
cash flow to (net) financial debt.

Dividend ratio

With the aim of ensuring an attractive return to our share-
holders, we are pursuing a reliable dividend policy with a target
payout ratio based on EPS pre exceptionals (see definition
above).

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 61

Other relevant / non-financial
performance measures

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of the
businesses, non-financial measures also play an important
role in furthering the success of the company. From a Group
perspective, specifically innovations in the businesses as well
as the attraction and retention of highly qualified employees
are of central importance.

Innovation

Innovations are the foundation of our business and will also be
the prerequisite for future success in changing markets. We
are continuously working to develop new products and service
innovations for patients and customers. Indicators for the
degree of innovation are defined individually depending on the
specifics of the respective businesses.

Talent retention

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the
basis for achieving our ambitious business goals. Therefore, we
put a strong focus on establishing the processes and the envi-
ronment needed to attract and retain the right talent with the
right capabilities at the right time. To measure the success of
the related measures, we have implemented talent retention
as an important non-financial indicator.


--- Page 18 ---

62 Combined Management Report

Corporate Responsibility

We take responsibility every day - and have been doing
so for nearly 350 years. This is reflected in our corporate
strategy and values. Responsible conduct with respect
to employees, products, the environment and society is
a fundamental prerequisite for our business success.

Strategy and management

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are directed by our
CR Committee, which consists of representatives from the busi-
ness sectors and relevant Group functions. Stefan Oschmann,
Vice Chairman of the Executive Board, became chairman of
this committee in January 2015.

Mankind is confronted with global societal challenges such
as Climate impact mitigation, resource scarcity and insufficient
access to health in low- and middle-income countries. We

Fundamental Information about the Group Corporate Responsibility

believe that we can help resolve these global challenges
through our innovative products in the Healthcare, Life Science
and Performance Materials business sectors, as well as through
responsible governance.

Responsible conduct means looking, listening and doing
better. We respect the interests of our employees, customers,
investors, and society, and minimize ethical, economic and
social risks, thereby securing our success. It is firmly anchored
in our corporate strategy and forms the basis of our CR strategy,
enabling us to practice responsible governance every single
day. At the same time, we consolidate our resources in the areas
where we can make the biggest difference. We are engaged in
three strategic spheres of activity: health, the environment
and culture. In doing so, we always focus on securing the
future of our company and our competitiveness.

CR Strategy


--- Page 19 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Health: In low- and middle-income countries, many people do
not have access to high-quality health solutions. We use our
expertise and work together with strong partners to develop
solutions for people locally.

Environment: We continuously work to further improve the
sustainability footprint of our products. In addition, we want to
help our customers to achieve their own sustainability goals.

Culture: Culture inspires people and broadens their horizons.
Since our research and development activities benefit from
people's creativity and enthusiasm, we promote cultural and
educational projects worldwide.

We support relevant initiatives concerning responsible corpo-
rate governance. We are a member of the United Nations Global
Compact and are committed to complying with the compact’s
principles regarding human rights, labor standards, environ-
mental protection, and anti-corruption. Moreover, we also live
our corporate responsibility through our commitment to follow
the guidelines of the Responsible Care Global Charter, an initia-
tive of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA).

Fundamental Information about the Group Combined Management Report 63

This charter aims to continuously improve the products and
services of the chemical industry in terms of environmental
protection, health, plant safety, and security. We were among
the first companies to sign the revised version of the Respon-
sible Care Global Charter in 2014. In addition, we are a mem-
ber of the “Chemie?” initiative, a collaboration between the
German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the German
Employers’ Federation of the Chemical Industry (BAVC), and
the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union
(IG BCE). As part of this globally unique collaboration, the part-
ners aim to make sustainability a core part of the chemical
industry’s guiding principles and to jointly drive the sector’s
position within the German economy as a key contributor to
sustainable development.

To us, corporate responsibility does not merely mean taking
action, but also listening. The dialogue with our various stake-
holder groups is therefore highly important to us. These stake-
holders include our employees, our business associates, the
Merck family, investors, regulatory agencies, and associations.
We also engage in a continuous exchange in order to create
transparency and clearly demonstrate how we live the Merck
Values.



--- Page 20 ---

64% Combined Management Report

Thanks to good performance with respect to responsible, sus-
tainable entrepreneurial conduct, we were again included in
the FTSE4Good index in 2015. To be included in this leading
international sustainability index, a company must demonstrate
socially conscientious, ecological and ethical conduct. In 2015,
we maintained our good position in other major sustainability
indices as well. For instance, we were once more included in
the STOXX Global ESG Leaders index and are also listed on the
Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index.

Strategic sphere of activity: Health

Access to Health (A2H) is one of our strategic priorities. Through
our A2H approach, which spans all our businesses, we aim to
help improve sustainable access to high-quality health solu-
tions for underserved populations and communities in low- and
middle-income countries. Since we realize that access is a com-
plex and multifaceted challenge with no one-size-fits-all
solution, our programs and initiatives are tailored to global,
regional and local needs. We consider partnerships, collabora-
tion and dialogue to be key instruments in delivering sustain-
able access results. Our efforts are supportive of the United
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

During his presidency of the International Federation of
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA), Stefan
Oschmann, Vice Chairman of the Executive Board, is focusing
on the core topic of accelerating access to high-quality health
solutions for people in low- and middle-income countries.

Our Access to Health strategy focuses on four areas, the
4As of Availability, Affordability, Awareness, and Accessibility.

Availability

Availability entails the research, development and refinement
of health solutions that address unmet needs and are tailored
to local environments. Together with our partners, we are
working to fight widespread diseases in developing countries.
One example is the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. Through
this public-private partnership, we are working on a pediatric
formulation of praziquantel to treat the worm disease schisto-
somiasis in children under the age of six. In 2015, the consor-
tium completed a Phase I trial with healthy subjects in South
Africa as well as a taste study with children in Tanzania. In
June 2015, the consortium was awarded a prestigious research
grant from the Japanese Global Health Innovation Technology
Fund for the second time. Another example is Merck’s partner-
ship with the Medicines for Malaria Venue, a non-profit research
foundation, to develop new antimalarials. In addition, our
Healthcare and Life Science business sectors are currently
developing a malaria diagnosis kit based on the Muse cell
analysis system. The aims are to detect and determine the
malaria pathogen as well as to determine relevant immune
cells in the case of a possibly concurrent HIV infection.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

Affordability

We seek to address affordability challenges through our efforts
to provide assistance to those who are unable to pay for the
health solutions they need. To tackle these challenges, we
have taken a pro-access approach through our intellectual
property initiatives and are engaging in equitable pricing strat-
egies. We are a member of WIPO Re:Search, an open innova-
tion platform, sponsored by the World Intellectual Property
Organization, to accelerate early discovery of active ingredi-
ents to treat infectious diseases through intellectual property
and knowledge sharing. In 2015, we started our first collabo-
ration with the University of Buea in Cameroon, which aims to
repurpose compounds from our library to develop a treatment
for onchocerciasis, also known as river blindness. To this end
we are strengthening the development of local skills and
research expertise. Furthermore, we are working with the
World Health Organization (WHO) to combat the worm disease
schistosomiasis in Africa. We donate Cesol® 600 tablets
containing the active ingredient praziquantel to WHO, and in
2015 we donated more than 100 million tablets. Since the
start of the program, around 74 million patients, primarily
school children, have been treated. As of 2016, we will supply
WHO with up to 250 million praziquantel tablets annually. As
a founding member of the Global Schistosomiasis Alliance, we
are helping to eliminate schistosomiasis worldwide.

Awareness

We help to raise awareness by empowering health workers,
communities and patients with appropriate tools, knowledge
and skills to make informed decisions. With our Access Dialogues
series, we aim to promote information exchange and discus-
sion with numerous public and private stakeholders. In 2015,
the focus was on the topics of intellectual property and supply
chains. In India, we are supporting the Suswastha project
together with various non-governmental organizations and
the Indian Health and Family Ministry. The aim is to provide
underserved rural populations with affordable health solutions
and to engage patients through community-level meetings
as well as educative health programs. In 2015, the project
reached a total of more than 15,000 people through 717 com-
munity meetings and 43 health workshops. The non-profit
organization Global Pharma Health Fund (GPHF), which is
funded by Merck, combats counterfeit medicines in developing
and emerging countries. To date, the GPHF has supplied more
than 700 Minilabs at cost to detect counterfeit medicines in
more than 90 countries. In addition, through our Capacity
Advancement Program (CAP), we want to raise awareness and
further the prevention of non-communicable diseases such as
diabetes and cancer, as well as address the issue of infertility.
(Detailed information can be found in the story entitled
“Awareness” in the magazine section of this Annual Report,
starting on page 24).


--- Page 21 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Accessibility

We promote initiatives to strengthen supply chains and to
develop localized health solutions in order to deliver and reach
out efficiently at the point of care. Using heat sensors, for
example, we monitor the transportation conditions of our pri-
mary shipments from Europe to the rest of the world. Patients
can therefore be assured that our products are kept and
released under the right conditions according to registration.
Furthermore, we support the expertise and training of the
managers of our partners in Africa, Asia and Latin America to
strengthen local quality manufacturing standards. In India, we
are cooperating with the non-governmental organization River
Narmada Samagra. Our river ambulance transports health
workers and provides healthcare solutions to local populations
living in the remote region along the Narmada River. At the
beginning of 2016, we donated a new boat to River Narmada
Samagra so that even more people can be reached in the
future. Additionally, in the Jharkhand region of northeastern
India, we are financing a health center visited by approxi-
mately 150 patients per month.

Strategic sphere of activity:
Environment

Through our products we are helping to overcome global chal-
lenges such as climate impact mitigation and resource scarcity.
At the same time, we are also helping our customers achieve
their own sustainability goals.

Developing sustainable products

We strive to continuously enhance the sustainability footprint of
our products and are working to offer our customers products
that enable them to reduce the negative impact of their own
activities, as well as to achieve their own sustainability goals.
For instance, we are developing innovative materials for energy-
efficient liquid crystal and OLED displays and are thus helping
our customers develop environmentally sustainable processes.
Thanks to our liquid crystal technology PS-VA, displays consume
approximately 20% less energy in comparison to the preceding
VA technology. The new UB-FFS technology (ultra-brightness
fringe field switching) provides displays with up to 15% more
light transmittance, thus further reducing energy consumption.
We are also developing liquid crystals for new applications. For

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 65

instance, we are working with architects, glass makers and
facade manufacturers to create the windows of tomorrow. Our
ambitious goal is to use smart windows to make buildings
more energy-efficient.

We have developed a series of environmentally friendly
specialty chemicals and materials for the semiconductor
industry - including PFOS-free antireflective and photoresist
coatings that contain no trace of dangerous chemicals.

Within the scope of our cosmetic products business, we are
working to sustainably procure and produce cosmetic ingredi-
ents as well as optimize the related production processes. In
dialogue with our customers from the cosmetics industry, we
are also developing cosmetic formulations that meet strict
sustainability criteria and address the current trend towards
more natural cosmetics. Several of our products have been
certified by Ecocert, an independent organization that repre-
sents high international standards for environmentally sus-
tainable products.

Within Life Science, the Design for Sustainability (DfS)
program aims to reduce environmental impacts, also through
customers’ own use. Beginning with the concept stage, prod-
uct teams identify potential environmental impacts in various
product life cycle stages as well as opportunities to make
improvements. A scorecard is used to assess product design in
six focus categories: Materials, Energy and Emissions, Waste,
Water, and Packaging, as well as Usability and Innovation. In
2014, we completed the integration of the DfS approach into
the product development process. We set ourselves the goal of
improving sustainability criteria in at least 10% of our Life
Science product ranges, reaching this goal at the end of 2014
for our products in the former Merck Millipore business.

In addition, Life Science works together with customers and
recycling companies to design sustainable recycling programs.

Furthermore, we use our technical and scientific expertise
in the field of water analysis to support clean water supply and
adequate wastewater handling. A prime example of this is our
participation since August 2015 in Semizentral, a Sino-German
infrastructure project developed by the Technical University of
Darmstadt and sponsored by the German Federal Ministry
of Education and Research (BMBF). In May 2015, Semizentral
won the GreenTec Award, Europe’s biggest environmental
and business prize, in the Urbanization category; in Novem-
ber 2015, the initiative ranked among the top three in the
Research category of the 2015 German Sustainability Award.


--- Page 22 ---

66 Combined Management Report

Strategic sphere of activity: Culture

Cultural promotion is a core element of our engagement in
society that reflects Merck’s centuries-old tradition of support-
ing art and culture. After all, culture nurtures characteristics
that are indispensable to our business activities as a high-tech
company: creativity, enthusiasm for new discoveries, and the
courage to transcend boundaries. Our cultural engagement
focuses on music, literature and education.

Deutsche Philharmonie Merck
The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck is our musical ambassador.
We consider classical music to be the universal language that
brings people together; as such, it is an important part of our
culture. The concerts of this professional ensemble are highly
popular, with around 26,000 people attending them per year.
They represent an integral part of the cultural life in the vicinity
of our global headquarters in Darmstadt. Special events for
children and adolescents as well as collaborations with schools,
such as the orchestra workshop held once a year since 2010,
aim to make classical music more accessible to young people.
In addition to this, the Deutsche Philharmonie Merck regu-
larly invites international ensembles to play in Darmstadt
while itself also touring the globe. In 2015, the orchestra gave
concerts in the United Kingdom and Israel. Furthermore, the
Deutsche Philharmonie Merck went on a tour of Latin America
to mark the 85th anniversary of our presence in Mexico and
the 40% anniversary of the opening of our production facility in
Brazil, performing in Mexico City, Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.

Fostering literature

Literature can stimulate the imagination; it can alleviate fears
and give courage. Literature can also address scientific topics,
thus furthering a deeper understanding of science and research.
Through our engagement, we aim to help society better accept
science and scientific progress. In addition, as an international
company, we foster writers who further cultural exchange in
our globalized world.

We grant and promote five literary prizes worldwide. Since
1964, we have been sponsoring the renowned Johann Heinrich
Merck Award for Literary Critique and Essay, which is presented
by the German Academy for Language and Poetry at its annual
autumn conference. The award, which comes with a € 20,000
prize, went to publicist Gabriele Goettle in 2015.

For 13 years, we have been sponsoring the Premio Letter-
ario Merck in Italy. This award is worth € 10,000 and recognizes
authors who build bridges between literature and science,
thereby making them accessible to a wide audience. In 2015,
the awards went to French author Maylis de Kerangal and
American author and science writer David Quammen.

In India, we collaborate with the Goethe-Institut Calcutta
to present the Merck Tagore Award; worth 500,000 Indian
rupees (around € 6,800), this literary prize is granted every
two years to authors who have made a distinctive contribution

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

to the cultural exchange between Germany and India. In Japan,
we also present the Merck Kakehashi Literature Prize together
with the Goethe-Institut Tokyo. Worth a total of € 20,000, this
award is granted every two years to contemporary works by
German authors that are made accessible to a wider reader-
ship in Japan. As of 2016, we will also grant a literature prize
in Russia.

Education

We view education as a key component of culture - and vice
versa. Education can help us understand culture. But culture
can also build a bridge to education; it can stimulate curiosity
and nurture creativity. We therefore support educational
projects at many of our sites, by granting scholarships for
instance, or sponsoring specific classes. In order to promote
young scientists, every year since 1996 Merck has, for exam-
ple, been organizing the renowned annual “Jugend forscht”
competition for the German federal state of Hesse.

To mark our 125th anniversary in the United States, we
launched the “Smarter, Together in the Classroom” initiative,
committing US$ 125,000 to fund 132 scientific projects at
100 schools in low-income regions in Massachusetts. To date,
nearly 18,000 pupils have benefited from the program. By
2016, we want to have reached more than 36,000 children in
Massachusetts and Missouri with the campaign. In China, we
won the 2015 Corporate Social Responsibility Award presented
by the European Union Chamber of Commerce for our School
Water project. To date, five primary schools in Shanghai and
one primary school in Sichuan Province have received drinking
water purification facilities free of charge. In addition, our
employees educate the pupils on environmental protection on
a regular basis.

Responsibility for our products

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate
responsibility. When used properly, they should pose no risk to
customers, patients, consumers, or the environment. Our goal
is to ensure a positive benefit/risk profile for our products.
Therefore, we regularly examine safety across the entire life
cycle of our products and continuously take steps to minimize
risks. We provide our patients, consumers and customers with
extensive information material so that they can use our prod-
ucts in a responsible, safe and proper manner.

Through our compliance policies for our Biopharma and
Consumer Health businesses, we set standards for responsible
marketing activities relating to our medicines. These aim to
ensure that patients and healthcare professionals have access
to the relevant information, and that patients receive effective
treatment.


--- Page 23 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Safety of our chemical products
There are numerous regulations intended to ensure that chem-
icals pose no risk to humans or the environment. Compliance
with these regulatory requirements is an important part of our
work. With our Group-wide Product Safety Chemicals policy,
we have established global processes for defining, steering
and implementing product safety, as well as the corresponding
management structures. We incorporate all relevant national
and international chemical regulations into our policies and
regulations and adhere to them. This includes for instance the
EU chemicals regulation REACH (Registration, Evaluation,
Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) and CLP (Classifi-
cation, Labelling and Packaging of Substances and Mixtures,
EU GHS). Furthermore, we are committed to transparency. For
instance, in line with the Global Product Strategy, an interna-
tional initiative of the chemical industry, we provide our custom-
ers with product safety summaries for hazardous materials.
We have successfully completed the second phase of REACH
implementation. All substances we produce or import in quan-
tities ranging from 100 to 1,000 metric tons per year - 70 dif-
ferent substances in total - were successfully registered with
the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) by June 1, 2013. We
are currently in phase three, in which we are working to reg-
ister all substances produced or imported in quantities between
one and 100 metric tons per year by mid-2018. We are fully
on schedule with our activities.

Safety of our healthcare products

Patient and consumer safety is our number-one priority in
everything we do. During the entire life cycle of our medicines
and consumer health products, we provide patients, consum-
ers and physicians with up-to-date risk-benefit evaluations. To
this end, our experts process safety-relevant information from
various sources such as Clinical trials, adverse reaction reports
and scientific literature. Ultimate responsibility for the safety
of our biopharmaceuticals is borne by our Global Chief Medical
Officer, with support from our Medical Safety and Ethics Board
(MSEB). Our Global Drug Safety unit continuously monitors
and evaluates the safety and risk-benefit ratio of our medicines
worldwide (pharmacovigilance). For our Consumer Health
products, this function is performed by the Global Product
Safety unit. Overall responsibility for the safety of our over-
the-counter products falls under the Chief Medical Officer for
the Consumer Health business, supported by the Safety &
Labelling Committee (SLC).

For products in our Allergopharma business, we have
developed comprehensive clinical efficacy and safety profiles
that we continuously update. For the safety of our patients, we
have established a global pharmacovigilance system that
we continuously work to enhance.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 67

Quality of our products

Our goal is to provide customers and patients with high-quality
brand-name products at all times. Through our quality vision -
“Quality is embedded in everything we do!” - we remind our
employees of their responsibility - across all businesses, all
Group functions and all levels of the company.

Supplier management

We source raw materials, packaging materials, technical prod-
ucts, components, and services from suppliers in more than
120 countries. Our basic expectations for suppliers and service
providers include their compliance with fundamental environ-
mental and social standards, which are primarily derived from
the core labor standards of the ILO (International Labour
Organisation), from the UN Global Compact, and from the
Code of Conduct of the BME (German Federal Association for
Materials Management, Purchasing and Logistics).

Our Group Procurement Policy and Responsible Sourcing
Principles define our procurement practices and are integrated
into our general terms and conditions. They therefore consti-
tute the foundation of every sourcing transaction and proce-
dure.

Due to the growing significance of emerging markets as
sourcing markets for Merck, we reinforced our efforts to
ensure adherence to our supply chain standards.

We joined the Together for Sustainability (TfS) chemical
industry initiative at the end of 2014 and since then have been
able to jointly use the results of supplier assessments and
audits with other member companies and in compliance with
all competition law restrictions. Through TfS, we currently
have access to assessments of more than 300 of our most
important suppliers. Around 100 of these were generated for
the first time in 2015 thanks to our initiative. For 2016, in
addition to further assessments, we also plan to extend local
TfS supplier audits.

Responsibility for our employees

Employees are crucial to the success of a company. They
therefore play a central role in our business endeavors. In
accordance with the Merck Values, we live a culture of mutual
esteem and respect. We want to contribute to entrepreneurial
success by recruiting, developing and motivating the most
suitable employees. We therefore place a strategic focus on
the topics of talent development, compensation and perfor-
mance management. Furthermore, we want to strengthen the
diversity of our employees (Detailed information can be found
in the section entitled “People at Merck”).


--- Page 24 ---

68 Combined Management Report

Responsibility for the environment

In the manufacture of our products, we seek to impact the
environment as little as possible. This especially includes effi-
ciently conserving resources such as energy, water and raw
materials while also continuously reducing our emissions and
waste.

Environmental management system

In our Corporate EHS Policy, we have defined our principles and
strategies for the environment, health and safety. It is imple-
mented through internal guidelines and instruction manuals
on compliant behavior in day-to-day operations, such as the
Merck Group EHS Security and Quality Manual. At all sites, the
local EHS managers are in charge of operational environmental
protection measures. These employees continually receive
training and obtain additional qualifications.

Since our businesses are constantly changing, our environ-
mental management system must also remain flexible and
adaptable. For this reason, we have internal and external
audits conducted on a regular basis to determine whether the
ISO 14001 requirements are still being met. In 2015, we
received the ISO 14001 group certificate for our environmental
management system for the seventh consecutive year. This
certificate covers 57 sites. Seven sites belonging to the
recently acquired company Sigma-Aldrich are already certified
according to ISO 14001.

Our spending on environmental protection, health and
safety totaled € 148 million in 2015, which also includes
investments made during the year.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

Focus topics: Energy efficiency, greenhouse gas
emissions, water scarcity

Climate impact mitigation and resource scarcity are central
challenges facing society in the 21* century. As a responsible
company, it is especially important to contribute to this, which
is why we have set ourselves the goal of reducing total direct
and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2020,
measured against the 2006 baseline.

To achieve this goal we have launched EDISON, a climate
impact mitigation program that consolidates all our climate
protection and energy efficiency activities. In 2016, as in the
four preceding years, the Executive Board will earmark funds
specifically for measures to conserve energy and reduce green-
house gas emissions. Through the more than 400 EDISON
projects that have been initiated since 2012, we aim to annu-
ally save around 90 metric kilotons of CO, in the medium
term. In 2015, we lowered our greenhouse gas emissions by
around 8% relative to the 2006 baseline, despite growth in our
operating business.

Around 60% of the EDISON projects planned Group-wide
have already been or are being rolled out. The Life Science
business sector is making a major contribution. In 2014, we
reduced our process-related emissions per production unit
through optimizing processes by around two-thirds at our site
in Jaffrey, New Hampshire, USA, while in 2015, we launched
a project to realize additional savings. In summer 2015, we
commissioned a new photovoltaic plant with a power output of
400 kW in Shanghai, China, which will reduce the site’s CO,
emissions by around 280 metric tons per year.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION

(in GWh) 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
Total energy consumption 1,474 1,528 1,549 1,602 1,720
Direct energy consumption 905 924 991 1,056 1,171
Natural gas 789 813 871 919 933
Liquid fossil fuels 103 98 105 110 103
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy 13 13 15 27 135
Indirect energy consumption 569 604 558 546 549
Electricity 511 491 493 460 466
Steam, heat, cold 58 113 65 86 83

Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The figures do not include the energy consumption data of Sigma-Aldrich since the Sigma-Aldrich integration

process is still underway.

CO,EQ EMISSIONS (EQ= EQUIVALENTS)

Emissions in kt, Scope 1 and 2 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
Total CO,eq emissions 529 543 559 517 518
Direct CO,eq emissions 315 318 348 321 327
Indirect CO,eq emissions 214 225 211 196 191

Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

The figures do not include data from Sigma-Aldrich since the Sigma-Aldrich integration process is still underway. The direct and indirect CO,eq emissions (Scope 1 and 2) of the

former Sigma-Aldrich sites add up to approximately 215 kt in 2015.
(Note: The calculation model has not yet been harmonized).


--- Page 25 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for sustain-
able energy efficiency and climate impact mitigation. Our pro-
duction sites in Darmstadt and Gernsheim account for around
40% of our global energy consumption. In 2012, both of these
sites qualified for ISO 50001 - Energy Management System
certificates, which were reaffirmed in 2015. Currently, nine of
our production sites have a certified energy management
system. The results of the Carbon Disclosure Project likewise
indicate that we are on the right path. In 2015, we achieved
98 out of 100 points in the Climate Disclosure Scoring, which
assesses the level of reporting details as well as transparency,
and were thus clearly in the upper range of all participating
companies in the Germany, Austria and Switzerland category.
In the Climate Performance Scoring, we ranked in performance
band C, putting us above average. The Carbon Disclosure
Project, an independent non-profit organization, assessed the
emissions reduction progress and climate impact mitigation
reporting of companies.

In addition to energy, in 2015 we also focused on the topic
of water. We systematically examined our sites to determine
which ones have a high annual water consumption and are also
located in regions where water is scarce and thus an especially
precious resource. Based on a detailed assessment, we plan to
implement sustainable water management systems stepwise
at these sites in the coming years.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 69

Responsibility for society

We see ourselves as part of society, not only at our individual
locations, but also at a global level. Taking responsibility
towards society is an integral part of our entrepreneurial
approach. We believe that we can make an important contri-
bution to the community through our knowledge, our skills
and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused
on those areas in which we have problem-solving expertise
stemming from our core businesses. We are thus engaged in
health and environmental projects and support education,
specifically in the natural sciences. We provide disaster relief
in emergency situations, especially in those regions in which
we operate. In April 2015, we signed a three-year agreement
with the German Red Cross (DRK). According to the terms of
the agreement, in the event of a catastrophe we will primarily
support the activities and projects of the German Red Cross by
donating money and supplies. In December 2015, we donated
€ 50,000 to the German Red Cross to support health projects
for refugees in Lebanon.

Our subsidiaries are engaged in a wide variety of local
projects. We have defined overarching criteria for selecting
projects, and the decisions concerning specific local projects
are made by our subsidiaries. In 2015, we spent a total of
around € 100 million on community engagement activities.


--- Page 26 ---

70 Combined Management Report

Research and Development

We discover and develop new products and solutions
worldwide to improve the quality of life for patients and
to meet customer needs. We consistently aim to further
optimize the relevance and efficiency of our research
and development activities, whether in-house or through
external collaborations.

Around 5,000 employees work for Merck researching innova-
tions to serve long-term health and technology trends in both
established and growth markets.

We spent around € 1.7 billion on research and development
in 2015. Here we focus on both in-house research and external
collaborations, which enable us to increase the productivity of
our research while simultaneously reducing financial outlay.

The organizational set-up of our research and development
activities reflects the structure of Merck with three business
sectors.

Healthcare

Biopharma

The R&D organization of our Biopharma business advanced
several key programs in 2015, both in the early and late stages
of development - many of which are molecules discovered at
Merck. With a clear focus on oncology, immuno-oncology and
immunology, there is significant potential in the near term to
benefit patients and the business.

Under the direction of Luciano Rossetti, MD, Head of Global
R&D, several new senior leaders joined the organization,
including Alise Reicin, MD, Senior Vice President, Head of
Global Clinical Development, and Laszlo Radvanyi, MD, Head
of the Translational Innovation Platform Immuno-Oncology.
In addition, Joern-Peter Halle, PhD was appointed Head of
External Innovation for Biopharma R&D.

In September, our Biopharma business announced the
expansion of its R&D facility in Darmstadt, Germany. We are
investing € 65 million in a new laboratory building that will
span more than 16,000 square meters and accommodate
approximately 200 current employees whose focus will be on
accelerating innovation in R&D. The new building will unite

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

different functions within R&D Discovery Technologies, includ-
ing Molecular Pharmacology, Medicinal Chemistry, Computa-
tional Chemistry, Molecular Interactions and Biophysics,
Protein Engineering and Antibody Technologies, and Protein
and Cell Sciences. The research building, when completed in
autumn 2017, will be located within the new “Pharma Square”
at our global headquarters in Darmstadt. We are thus uniting
a significant part of our R&D activities in a single area, creating
ideal conditions for the advancement of our biopharmaceutical
pipeline.

Oncology

Regarding Erbitux®, in April 2015 the safety division of the
Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare issued an
official notification to update the product information of
Erbitux® for use in unresectable, advanced or recurrent
colorectal cancer (CRC) patients with wildtype RAS tumors, in
line with the current approval status in Europe.

At the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO)
World GI (Gastrointestinal) Congress in Barcelona, Spain in
July, results were presented from the Phase II CAPRI-GOIM
trial. This was an independent study performed by an academic
group which enrolled 340 KRAS exon 2 wild-type mCRC patients.
Patients received first-line treatment of FOLFIRI plus Erbitux®
and responders were then randomized to receive second-line
treatment of FOLFOX plus Erbitux® or FOLFOX alone. A quad-
ruple wild-type population from this study (no mutation in
KRAS, NRAS, BRAF or PIK3CA; assessed by next-generation
sequencing) showed significantly prolonged progression-free
survival, improved overall survival, and response rates with
second-line Erbitux®/ FOLFOxX after first-line Erbitux®/ FOLFIRI.
This suggests that continuing anti-EGFR treatment while
switching the chemotherapy backbone in second line is feasible
following progression, although confirmatory data from other
studies will be needed.

Evofosfamide is an investigational hypoxia-activated
prodrug thought to be activated under severe tumor hypoxic
conditions, a feature of many cancers, which was investigated
in Phase III trials in two indications (soft tissue sarcoma
and pancreatic cancer). In May, we announced that the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had granted Fast Track


--- Page 27 ---

Research and Development

designation for the development of evofosfamide for the
treatment of previously untreated patients with metastatic or
locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer. In December
2015 the outcome of both indications being investigated in
Phase III was assessed. Unfortunately studies in neither indi-
cation achieved their primary endpoints. The decision was
subsequently made to discontinue the development program
for evofosfamide and we returned the rights to the program to
Threshold Inc.

Tepotinib, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of the
c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase, progressed into two Phase II
parts of the ongoing Phase I/II trial. In early 2015, it was
moved to the Phase II part of an ongoing Phase I/II trial in
Asian patients with Met-positive (Met+) EGFR mutant non-
small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The study plans to randomize
approximately 136 patients with Met+ tumors who have failed
first-line gefitinib, to tepotinib 500 mg/d plus gefitinib or tepo-
tinib plus cisplatin/ pemetrexed. The primary endpoint is pro-
gression-free survival (PFS). In the second quarter tepotinib
was moved to the Phase II part of an ongoing open-label
Phase I/II trial in Asian patients to evaluate its efficacy, safety,
and pharmacokinetics as first-line treatment versus sorafenib
in subjects with treatment-naive advanced hepatocellular carci-
noma. The study plans to randomize approximately 140 patients
with Met+ tumors to tepotinib 500 mg per day or sorafenib
400 mg twice a day. The primary endpoint is time to progression.

In the field of oncology diagnostics, we signed an agree-
ment with Illumina, Inc. in March 2015. We are working with
Illumina to develop sequencing-based assays that detect and
simultaneously measure multiple genetic variants in a single
tumor sample in clinical trial settings. This will enable us to
perform genome studies at a pace unheard of a few years ago,
and could lead to the development of several diagnostics, thus
strengthening our position as a global leader in precision medi-
cine in oncology. In addition, Merck and its partner Sysmex
Inostics GmbH announced that the first liquid biopsy RAS bio-
marker testing center opened in the Vall d’Hebron Institute of
Oncology in Spain. The liquid biopsy method, also known as
blood-based biomarker testing, is a simplified and rapid
approach for determining the RAS (KRAS and NRAS) mutation
status of tumors, as it requires a single blood draw, rather
than a tissue biopsy or surgical procedure. The liquid biopsy
RAS biomarker test is expected to receive its European
Conformity approval (CE mark) in the coming months.

In November, Merck announced that it had entered into
a three-year collaboration to validate new therapeutic concepts
in the field of oncology with Selvita, headquartered in Krakow,
Poland. The aim of the collaboration is to deliver potential first-
in-class small molecules as lead candidate drugs for multiple
oncology indications. This collaboration will steer a joint port-
folio of discovery projects in a risk/ reward sharing model and

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 71

builds on the framework that the two companies have developed
during a two-year partnership in cancer metabolism, which
began in 2013. Under the terms of the new agreement, Merck
will have an exclusive license to the joint intellectual property
and Selvita will receive milestone payments and royalties upon
successful development and commercialization of products by
Merck.

Early in 2015 and following a review of all the data from our
clinical studies, we decided to discontinue the development
program for abituzumab (formerly known as DI17E6) in the
area of oncology. A Phase Ib trial in solid tumors, in collaboration
with Sanofi U.S., investigating pimasertib in combination with
Sanofi U.S.’s hDM2 antagonist (SAR 405838) was concluded
and the development will not be further pursued. Furthermore,
after reviewing the competitive environment, we decided to
return our rights outside China to the PARP inhibitor BeiGene-290
to BeiGene.

Biopharma provides annual grants for outstanding extra-
mural research in certain fields in oncology. This year’s Grants
for Oncology Innovation were awarded to three groups (two
from Spain and one from Italy) at a ceremony coinciding with
the 2015 European Cancer Congress (ECC) in Vienna, Austria.

Immuno-Oncology

At the 2015 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
Annual Meeting, multiple presentations were made on the
preliminary safety and efficacy of avelumab (formerly known
as MSB0010718C), an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1
IgG1 monoclonal antibody that potentially uses the body’s
own immune system to fight cancer. It included an oral presen-
tation on ovarian cancer and posters on gastric cancer, non-
small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and several other studies in
a range of patient populations. The NSCLC data were from the
international open-label Phase I trial with multiple ascending
doses that is investigating the safety, tolerability, pharmacoki-
netics, as well as biological and clinical activity in patients with
metastatic or locally advanced solid tumors. In this analysis,
the safety and clinical activity in 184 patients with stage
IIIb/IV NSCLC who had progressed after receiving at least
one platinum-containing doublet were assessed. Objective
response was observed in 25 (13.6%) patients, including one
complete response and 24 partial responses; 19 responses
were ongoing at the time of the analysis, including in two
patients who continued to respond off-treatment.

An oral presentation at ASCO 2015 showed data from
the Phase I study for a cohort of patients with recurrent or
refractory ovarian cancer, unselected for PD-L1 expression,
with a median of four prior lines of treatment not including
adjuvant treatment. Of the 75 enrolled patients, eight showed
a partial response and 33 patients had stable disease, trans-
lating into a disease control rate (DCR) of 54.7%. The objec-


--- Page 28 ---

72 Combined Management Report

tive response rate was 10.7%. Further patients with ovarian
cancer have been enrolled in the ongoing Phase Ib study and
Phase III studies in platinum-resistant or platinum-refractory
and platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer are planned.

Clinical data of avelumab from a Phase I study in Japanese
patients with advanced gastric cancer were also presented
at ASCO. Of the 20 patients treated who had received multiple
prior therapies, partial responses were observed in three
patients. Enrollment of patients into the Japanese study has
continued and further studies in patients with advanced gastric
cancer are planned. Six abstracts were presented at the annual
European Cancer Congress (ECC) held in Vienna in September.
New data were presented in urothelial (e.g. bladder), meso-
thelial (e.g. pleura) and gastric/gastroesophageal cancers.
Additional NSCLC and ovarian cancer data from Phase Ib trials
were also presented.

Avelumab is currently being evaluated in a Phase II study
in metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) known as JAVELIN
Merkel 200. MCC is a rare and aggressive form of skin cancer
for which there is currently no specific therapy approved. The
Phase II study is assessing the safety and efficacy of avelumab
in patients with metastatic MCC who have progressed after at
least one prior chemotherapy regimen. The primary endpoint
is objective response rate, and secondary endpoints include
duration of response, progression-free survival, overall survival
and safety. A total of 88 patients were enrolled in this study by
the third quarter of 2015 at sites across Asia-Pacific, Australia,
Europe and North America. It is the largest clinical trial ever
performed in this patient population. In the United States, the
FDA granted avelumab Orphan Drug Designation in MCC in
September, followed by Fast Track Designation and Break-
through Therapy Designation in the fourth quarter of 2015. In
December, the European Commission also granted avelumab
Orphan Drug Status in metastatic MCC in the European Union
following a positive opinion from the European Medicines
Agency (EMA)’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products.

Merck and Pfizer initiated two international Phase III
studies of avelumab in the treatment of NSCLC. The first
study, JAVELIN Lung 200, was initiated in April, and aims to
enroll approximately 650 patients. It will evaluate avelumab
in patients whose disease has progressed after receiving
a platinum-containing doublet chemotherapy compared with
docetaxel. The primary endpoint of this study is overall sur-
vival (OS) in patients with programmed death-ligand 1 posi-
tive (PD-L1+) NSCLC. The second study, JAVELIN Lung 100, is
designed to assess the safety and efficacy of avelumab, com-
pared with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy in patients
with late-stage NSCLC who have not previously received any
treatment for their systemic lung cancer. This Phase III study

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

is an open-label, multicenter, randomized clinical trial, in
which patients with recurrent or stage IV PD-L1+ NSCLC will
receive either avelumab or the investigator’s choice of first-
line platinum-based chemotherapy, depending on the patient's
histology (either squamous or non-squamous). The study
expects to enroll approximately 420 patients at more than 240
sites around the world. The primary endpoint of the study is
progression-free survival in patients with PD-L1+ tumors.
Secondary endpoints include progression-free survival in
patients with strongly PD-L1 positive (PD-L1++) tumors,
overall survival, objective response rate, quality of life, tolera-
bility and safety in patients treated with avelumab versus
investigator-choice chemotherapy.

In December, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation
of four additional Phase III studies investigating avelumab in
further indications. JAVELIN Gastric 100 is designed to evalu-
ate superiority of avelumab as a maintenance treatment for
advanced or metastatic gastric/gastro-esophageal junction
cancers versus continuation of first-line platinum-based chemo-
therapy. This randomized, open-label study aims to enroll
around 650 patients at more than 220 sites across the globe.
The study JAVELIN Gastric 300 will evaluate avelumab as
a third-line treatment in advanced or metastatic gastric/gastro-
esophageal junction cancers, in approximately 330 patients at
about 170 sites worldwide. JAVELIN Ovarian 200 will investigate
avelumab as a treatment for platinum-resistant/refractory
ovarian cancer. Study investigators intend to enroll approxi-
mately 550 patients across more than 190 sites. In addition,
avelumab will be evaluated as a maintenance treatment, in
the first-line setting, for patients with urothelial cancer in the
JAVELIN Bladder 100 trial. This study is expected to enroll
around 670 patients across more than 200 sites in 38 countries.
The primary endpoint for all these studies is overall survival.

We started a Phase I trial with a novel investigational agent
known as M7824. This is an open-label, multiple-ascending
dose study, aiming to enroll 106 patients. This potential first-
in-class bifunctional immunotherapy is designed to simulta-
neously block two immuno-inhibitory pathways that are
commonly used by cancer cells to evade the immune system,
thereby potentially controlling tumor growth by restoring and
enhancing anti-tumor immune responses.

To enhance our R&D technology portfolio in immuno-
oncology we entered into an exclusive strategic collaboration
and license agreement with Intrexon Corporation to develop
and commercialize Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-cell (CAR-T)
cancer therapies. CAR-T cells are genetically engineered T-cells
with synthetic receptors that recognize a specific antigen
expressed on tumor cells. When CAR-T cells bind to a target,
an immunological attack against the cancer cells is triggered.


--- Page 29 ---

Research and Development

Utilizing Intrexon’s cell engineering techniques and RheoSwitch®
platform, the collaboration aims to develop leading-edge
products that empower the immune system to overcome the
current challenges of CAR-T therapy. The collaboration will
thus focus on developing a next-generation CAR-T platform to
generate drug candidates.

Neurology / Immunology

In the field of multiple sclerosis we announced in September
that we intend to submit data on our investigational treatment,
cladribine tablets, for the treatment of relapsing-remitting
multiple sclerosis (RRMS) to the European Medicines Agency
(EMA). The decision follows our evaluation of new data and
additional analyses which allow a better characterization of the
compound's benefit-risk profile. Submission plans for other
parts of the world are also being developed. We had wound
down our clinical development program for cladribine tablets
in 2011 after some regulatory authorities expressed concerns
over the insufficient characterization of the drug’s benefit-risk
profile. Nevertheless, several large clinical trials were allowed
to continue and additional safety information was also collected
in a long-term registry.

At the European Committee for Treatment and Research in
Multiple Sclerosis (ECTRIMS) meeting held in Barcelona in
early October, eight abstracts were presented on Rebif®, our
high-dose, high-frequency interferon beta-1a for relapsing
forms of multiple sclerosis (MS). Data presented included
post-hoc assessments of controlled studies in relapsing MS
of predictive scores for disease activity and disability pro-
gression, as well as a cost-effectiveness analysis of Rebif® vs.
Avonex® (interferon beta-1a) based on the “no evidence of
disease activity” (NEDA) measure. These new data should
help healthcare professionals and patients to make informed
treatment decisions and to better understand the impact of
Rebif® in patients with relapsing forms of MS.

The annual Grants for Multiple Sclerosis Innovation (GMSI)
are awarded by Biopharma for outstanding extramural research
projects in certain fields of MS from all over the world. In 2015
the awards were made on the occasion of the 31* congress of
the European Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple
Sclerosis (ECTRIMS) to four research groups from Finland,
Italy, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 73

In 2015, the “Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychi-
atry” (JNNP) published 15-year follow-up data for Rebif® from
the PRISMS (Prevention of Relapses and Disability by Inter-
feron beta-1a Subcutaneously in Multiple Sclerosis) trial. The
published data analyzed the relationship, over a 15-year period,
between cumulative exposure to Rebif® treatment and other
possible prognostic factors with long-term clinical outcomes in
relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. In these post hoc
exploratory analyses, higher-dose exposure to IFN B-1a and
longer time on treatment were associated with better long-
term outcomes over many years in patients with RRMS.

Patient enrollment was completed for the Phase Ila study
of M2736 (also known as ATX-MS-1467), an investigational
immune-tolerizing agent. This is an open-label, one-arm, proof-
of-principle trial to evaluate the safety of M2736 and its effect
on immune tolerance in subjects with relapsing multiple sclerosis
which involves frequent neuroimaging using magnetic reso-
nance imaging. The outcome of the study is expected in 2016.

In the field of immunology, our soluble fusion protein
atacicept met an important milestone in fully completing patient
enrollment into the ADDRESS II study, a Phase IIb clinical trial
in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The target
of 279 SLE patients was met ahead of schedule, and key
results from the study are expected in 2016. Clinical Phase I
testing of our BTK inhibitor (M2951) in patients with SLE
began in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Fertility
Ovidrel® (recombinant-hCG), used to trigger follicle maturation
and ovulation, was assessed in a Phase III trial in ovulation
induction (OI) in Japan to bridge to the existing ovulation
induction and advanced reproductive treatment (ART) data from
global pivotal trials. We are currently preparing a regulatory
submission in Japan based on the positive outcome of this trial.

Biopharma announced its support of the Grant for Fertility
Innovation (GFI) fund with grants totaling up to € 1.2 million
for the years 2015/2016. The announcement was made during
the 31% annual meeting of the European Society of Human
Reproductive and Embryology (ESHRE) which took place in
Lisbon, Portugal. Launched in 2009, the GFI is dedicated to
transforming innovative translational fertility research projects
into concrete health solutions to improve the outcomes of
assisted reproductive technologies (ART). In the last six years,
approximately 750 applications to GFI were received from
over 50 countries around the world.


--- Page 30 ---

7% Combined Management Report

Endocrinology

In July 2015, the European Commission (EC) authorized an
update to the European marketing authorization for Kuvan®
(sapropterin dihydrochloride), to allow its use in children with
phenylketonuria (PKU) below four years of age who have been
shown to be responsive to such treatment. This EC decision
was based on a review of data from a Phase IIIb clinical study
known as SPARK. On October 1, we announced that we had
reached an agreement with BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.,
San Rafael, California, USA, to return the rights to Kuvan to
allow us to focus on core areas within our Healthcare business
sector. We also agreed to return our option to develop and
commercialize Peg-Pal, an investigational drug that is also
designed for the treatment of PKU.

The annual Grant for Growth Innovation (GGI) is awarded
by Biopharma for outstanding extramural research projects in
the field of growth disorders. In 2015 the GGI was awarded to
two research groups from the United Kingdom and the United
States at a ceremony which coincided with the 54'" European
Society for Paediatric Endocrinology (ESPE) conference in
Barcelona, Spain.

General Medicine

We announced on November 3, 2015, that the United Kingdom
regulatory authority had approved an updated labeling for
Glucophage® XR (extended release metformin) for the treat-
ment of patients with type 2 diabetes. The label change removes
from the list of contraindications moderate renal impairment
stage 3a in the absence of other conditions that may increase
the risk of lactic acidosis and chronic heart failure. This means

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

that in patients with stable chronic heart failure Glucophage®
XR may now also be used with a regular monitoring of cardiac
and renal function. Earlier in the year, the French regulatory
authority had already approved an update of the labeling for
Glucophage® IR (immediate release metformin), removing the
same contraindications. The label changes apply to all countries
in the European Union. The decisions were based on analyses
of Merck’s extensive efficacy and safety data collected over
many years as well as new clinical studies available for
Glucophage®.

Recently we received approval of metformin for the treat-
ment of prediabetes in Hungary. This approval follows that
in a number of other countries including Mexico, Poland, the
Philippines, and Turkey where Glucophage® can already be
prescribed for patients with prediabetes.

Neglected diseases

Merck promotes a Group-wide Access to Health initiative to
address key unmet medical needs of neglected tropical dis-
eases especially in children from developing countries. This
includes an R&D platform with a focus on tropical and priority
communicable diseases. In this connection, we obtained the
rights to the investigational antimalarial compound known as
DDD107498, from Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV). The
objective of the future clinical program is to demonstrate
whether this investigational compound exerts activity on a num-
ber of malaria parasite life-cycle stages, and remains active
in the body long enough to offer potential as a single-dose
treatment against the most severe strains of malaria.


--- Page 31 ---

Research and Development

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 7S

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE
as of December 31, 2015

Therapeutic area

Compound Indication

Neurodegenerative diseases

Status

Cladribine tablets (lymphocyte-targeting agent)

Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis

Registration?

M2736 (immune-tolerizing agent) Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis Phase II
Oncology

Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Hepatocellular cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
BeiGene-283 (BRAF inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M2698 (p70S6K and Akt inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3814 (DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
Immuno-Oncology

Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 1* line Phase IIT
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 2 line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric/gastro-esophageal junction cancer, 1* line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric/gastro-esophageal junction cancer, 3 line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer platinum resistant/refractory Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Bladder cancer, 1* line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Merkel cell skin carcinoma Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase I
M9241 (NHS-IL12, cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I?
M7824 (bifunctional immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I
Immunology

Atacicept (anti-BLys/anti-APRIL fusion protein) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase II
Sprifermin (fibroblast growth factor 18) Osteoarthritis Phase II
M1095 (anti-IL-17A/F nanobody) Psoriasis Phase I
M2951 (BTK inhibitor) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase I

+As announced on September 11, 2015 Merck is preparing a regulatory submission to the European Medicines Agency.

2 Sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (USA).
More information on the ongoing clinical trials can be found at www.clinicaltrials.gov

Akt Protein kinase B
APRIL Proliferation-inducing ligand
BlyS B-lymphocyte stimulator
BTK —_ Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase

IL Interleukin

mAb — Monoclonal antibody
PD-L1_ Programmed cell death ligand 1
PK Protein kinase

Consumer Health

The Consumer Health business develops and sells over-the-
counter medicines and food supplements in Europe, in particu-
lar in France, Germany and the United Kingdom, and in growth
markets in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, and
Southeast Asia. The focus of our research and development
activities is on the continuous improvement of existing formu-
lations as well as on the development of new products and line

extensions. We are following a consumer-centric innovation
approach based on intensive market research across all our key
markets. Since 2014, we have been establishing cooperation
agreements with independent third-party research facilities to
leverage their specific capabilities and expertise for the devel-
opment of new products that meet the specific needs of our
consumers.


--- Page 32 ---

76 Combined Management Report

Biosimilars

In 2015, Merck proceeded successfully with the clinical devel-
opment of biosimilars. One Phase I study was finalized and
the biosimilar was moved to Phase III in the first quarter of
2016. Further biologics were added to the pipeline to secure
an attractive biosimilars portfolio and a sustainable biosimilars
business for Merck.

Allergopharma

Allergopharma, our allergy business, is one of the leading man-
ufacturers of diagnostics and prescription drugs for allergen
immunotherapy. With its own research department and in
cooperation with research institutes and other partners, we are
helping develop a better understanding of the immunological
mechanism that underlies the development of allergies and
are actively working on the next generation of drugs for allergen
immunotherapy.

Life Science

Innovation is core to value delivery to our customers. Our
Life Science business sector has more than 650 employees
working in various R&D functions around the world. These
employees cooperate closely with our customers to address
their needs and pain points. Our ultimate objective is to solve
the toughest problems in life science by translating ideas into
product innovations. Once again, we invested significantly in
R&D in 2015.

The year 2015 was marked by successful innovations. Our
innovation activities are diverse and can be assigned to four
categories. We want to:

e Improve and expand our portfolio

« Invest in new and disruptive technologies for the long term

e Partner with our customers and

° Drive dialogues on unmet needs in the scientific community
and solve the relevant problems

Portfolio expansion

We made important product launches to expand our portfolio
across all segments in 2015. In Biomonitoring, we made three
additions to our MAS-100® product family of air samplers,
expanding our Biomonitoring portfolio to food and beverage
customers. The family of products, developed for use in isola-
tors, allows sampling at critical control points. The compact
and easy-to-handle design makes these products well-suited
for use in controlled environments.

In RNA detection, we introduced a number of important new
products. For example, our Magna ChIRP™ RNA Interactome
Kits allow researchers to more easily identify, recover and
analyze regions of chromatin. The kits provide reliable detec-
tion and discovery of RNA-associated genomic DNA sequences,
RNA sequences and proteins.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

In Process Solutions, we expanded our Provantage® Bio-
development Services to include a Clone Generation Service.
With this addition, we provide a full range of services to optimize
yield, productivity, consistency and efficiency of clinical-trial
drug products. Our services help accelerate time-to-clinic by
delivering high-quality, high-expressing cell lines. Our flexible
production platform offers a choice of cell lines and the fully
documented clones meet traceability requirements for clinical
production, IND submission and commercial manufacturing.

With the launch of our new Mobius® 2000 liter single-use
bioreactor, we influence key standards such as microbiological
film selection and single-use technologies, in both upstream
and downstream production and we can provide a scalable
solution to customers looking to perform single-use in upstream
processing. This new bioreactor enables us to help customers
in the biosimilars market implement manufacturing strategies
in a short time frame to increase speed to market.

New and disruptive technologies

Our innovation efforts also focus on new technologies that
have long-term impact. We received a United States patent for
developing a selective membrane layering method that signifi-
cantly improves the consistency of virus filtration performance.
The method is used to manufacture our Viresolve® Pro device,
a virus filtration technology that offers highly productive
parvovirus clearance for monoclonal antibodies and therapeutic
proteins. As a result of selective layering, the Viresolve® Pro
device provides an industry-leading performance consistency
superior to other virus filtration devices on the market.

To solidify our leadership in tangential flow filtration (TFF),
we introduced single-pass TFF with Pellicon® cassettes, an
enhanced application of our existing technology that allows
concentration of process streams without the recirculation
required in traditional TFF. This alternative application elimi-
nates typical process constraints caused by higher volumes or
concentration factors, resulting in increased capacity. It also
enables continuous processing by coupling the TFF step in line
with other process steps.

To further accelerate growth in cell analysis, we introduced
the new Cellvento™ CHO platform of cell culture media and
companion feed formulations for batch, fed-batch and perfusion
applications. The chemically defined, non-animal-origin media
deliver superior cell growth and productivity for various CHO
cell types used in biopharmaceutical development and manu-
facturing. The range of products gives customers the flexibility
to choose the most suitable product to achieve the best possible
performance results for their specific cell line.

We also introduced a new technology that compacts dry
powder cell culture media into granules and therefore improves
solubility, facilitating the handling of cell culture media used in
biopharmaceutical production. The compacted media are more
convenient to use, allowing biopharmaceutical manufacturers
to further optimize their upstream processes.


--- Page 33 ---

Research and Development

Partnerships
In February, we entered into a partnership agreement to
provide upstream process development services for Precision
Biologics, Inc., a Texas-based clinical-stage biotechnology
company, to advance a preclinical monoclonal antibody. The
antibody, NEO-201, binds to a tumor-specific antigen found in
several forms of cancer, offering therapeutic potential across
multiple cancer types, including colorectal, lung, ovarian and
pancreatic - an especially deadly cancer with limited treat-
ment options.

In May, we entered into an agreement with Singulex, Inc.,
a developer and leading provider of Single Molecule Counting
technology for clinical diagnostics and scientific discovery,
to manage its life science research business. We now have
exclusive rights to further develop and commercialize the
technology for research applications worldwide.

Driving scientific dialogues

In the field of filtration, we established a new Scientific Advisory
Board, which held its inaugural meeting in 2015. The goal is to
solve the most challenging problems in filtration in collabora-
tion with our customers by bringing together application and
technology experts. Board members include some of the
most knowledgeable external filtration experts and renowned
scientists as well as colleagues of our Life Science business. As
a leader in filtration, we are committed to continuously explor-
ing new and disruptive innovations in the field. The Advisory
Board is focused on identifying and addressing the most critical
unmet needs in the area of filtration.

In the third quarter, the scientific journal “Methods of
Molecular Biology” published two chapters on the use of our
Immobilon PVDF (polyvinylidene fluoride) membranes for
protein analysis, authored by our experts. We were featured
due to our significant presence in and contribution to Western
Blotting, which is the most commonly used analytical tech-
nique in cell and molecular biology.

We also published an original white paper recognizing
the emerging biotech community’s impact on the future of
healthcare. This paper followed the Emerging Biotech Summit
held in June in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, hosted by Merck's
Life Science and ealthcare business sectors and attended by
40 biotech leaders from across the United States. There we
established an open dialogue within the biotech community
and gained insight from executives on the topics of advancing
products faster through clinical development and bringing
lifesaving drugs to market.

We received several major industry awards for our product
innovations in 2015:

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 77

We received a Stevie Award for our AFS® Lab Water systems at
the 2015 American Business Awards ceremony in San Francisco,
California in September. The new Large AFS-E system was
a finalist in the “Best Product - Health & Pharmaceuticals”
category. Today's diagnostic labs need multiple compact water
systems to feed a single analyzer or a few smaller ones. Our
AFS-E systems meet this need.

“R&D Magazine” presented us with two R&D 100 Awards
in November. These awards are viewed as the “Oscars of
Innovation” and recognize technologies in a wide variety of
industries, including telecommunications, high-energy physics,
software, manufacturing, and biotechnology. We won in the
“Process/ Prototyping” category for our AFS® water systems
and in the “Analytical/Test” category for our Simplicon™ RNA
Reprogramming Technology. This technology makes it possible
to generate virus-free, human-induced stem cells safely and
efficiently using a single transfection step, giving researchers
an effective reprogramming method when studying diseases.

Performance Materials

We are the undisputed market and technology leader in liquid
crystals (LC), which are primarily used in televisions and
mobile communication applications. We are also one of the
leading suppliers of decorative and functional effect pigments.
Our high-tech materials and solutions are used by customers
in the consumer electronics, lighting, coatings, printing techno-
logy, plastics applications, and cosmetics industries.

Display Materials

The latest generation of smartphones and tablets with their
brilliant touchscreens would be unimaginable without the
most recent advances in liquid crystal display technology. For
these mobile devices we developed UB-FFS technology (ultra-
brightness fringe field switching) with a new switching mode.
This has the potential to increase display light transmittance
by up to 15%. The new technology offers many advantages:
Firstly, it consumes less energy and increases the battery life
of mobile devices. Secondly, it improves mobile display quality
and supports the trend towards higher resolutions. The mar-
ket launch of UB-FFS is progressing very successfully; the new
switching mode is already used in many smartphones and
tablets. In April 2015, Merck received the German Innovation
Award for this breakthrough technology. And in June, we
received the 2015 Display Component of the Year Award in
Gold for UB-FFS at the Society for Information Display confer-
ence in San José, California.


--- Page 34 ---

78 Combined Management Report

With the Merck LC 2021 strategic initiative, we are combining
our future activities in liquid crystals. Firstly, our focus is on
the further development of conventional display technology.
We want to contribute to the realization of more robust, more
flexible displays and the utilization of holographic 3D technol-
ogy. Secondly, we are focusing on applications beyond displays.
These include new light management systems and smart
antennas for better satellite communication. Liquid crystal
windows (LCWs) are another field of our work. They can regu-
late both the light and heat transmittance of windows in
building facades. We are further investing in the development
of materials for such applications. Pilot production of the first
smart windows is in full swing. The first LCW panels were
already used in the construction of our new Innovation Center
in Darmstadt. Collaborations with partners in the glass and
facade technology sector are planned for broad-based market-
ing of the windows.

The future and potential of display technology have been the
topic of our annual Displaying Futures symposium for several
years now. This year's symposium took place in San Francisco,
where renowned futurologists convened with more than 100 of
our customers and business associates.

In China, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan - four core markets for
Performance Materials - around 700 customers attended
workshops we held in autumn 2015 under the motto “Creating
the perfect pixel - through partnership”. Most of the partici-
pants were researchers and engineers from various display
panel manufacturers. The aim of these very successful events
is to present our core competencies, discuss visions with
our customers, demonstrate our technology leadership, and
strengthen customer proximity.

High-quality pigments and functional materials

The Meoxal® brand is the latest development in effect pigments.
These pigments captivate with their brilliant color saturation
and exceptional performance. This is achieved by an innova-
tive layer technology and the use of aluminum flakes as the
substrate. The products are suitable for a multitude of high-
performance applications, especially for automotive and plastic
coatings.

With Xirallic®? NXT, Merck is introducing a new patented
product generation of the well-known high-tech effect pigments.
These offer customers an exceptional “living-sparkle effect”,
high styling potential and consistent quality. The first product
of the new generation - Xirallic® NXT Panthera Silver - is a
dark-gray, metallic effect pigment.

Besides high-quality effect pigments, we also produce
functional materials for technical applications as well as fillers
and active ingredients for cosmetics. The new cosmetic active
ingredient RonaCare® SereneShield was presented in time for
the important in-cosmetics exhibition in Barcelona in 2015.
The active ingredient is intended to help the skin at any age to
reduce susceptibility to acne.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

In technical applications, we developed additives for the laser
marking of plastics and conductive coatings. These additives
are also used in heat-reflective glazing for greenhouses. In
high-voltage technology, we are also working on functional
materials, with which we want to tap into new markets in the
area of energy management. Within the scope of the research
project iShield, which in view of its future potential is also
government-funded, we have been collaborating since autumn
2015 with academic and industrial partners to develop novel
materials to shield generators and engines.

Integrated Circuit Materials

In the Integrated Circuit Materials business unit, which supplies
products for integrated circuit manufacture, we have devel-
oped a range of products for Extreme UV Lithography (EUV)
applications that have already been qualified by several cus-
tomers in the semiconductor industry for their processes. The
shrink technology makes it possible to reduce lithographically
generated structures after patterning, thus circumventing
resolution limitations of existing exposure equipment in a cost-
effective manner. New products are on the verge of production
implementation. We are a leader in Directed Self Assembly
(DSA), a revolutionary technology that is crucial to all advanced
semiconductor manufacturers. In DSA, the information for the
smallest structures is already contained in the chemical
makeup of the coating material. We are collaborating with our
customers to introduce DSA as a standard integrated circuit
(IC) manufacturing method in the coming years. Additionally, we
are intensively engaged in developing thick perhydropolysila-
zane products for 3D chip technology as well as novel insulator
materials.

The further development of flat panel display technology
towards larger formats and higher operating frequencies
requires the use of transistors with feature sizes that are at
the limit of the resolution capability of the exposure tools.
We have successfully transferred from the IC sector so-called
tandem resin technology with a specific molecular weight
distribution, thus achieving a photoresist resolution near the
theoretical resolution limit. In silicon technology, new siloxane
materials are in an advanced stage of qualification as planari-
zation materials for high-resolution displays and as a thin film
barrier for organic light-emitting diode (OLED) lighting.

Ormet, a company that we acquired in September, has
developed conductive pastes based on a unique environmental
friendly technology which can solve technical challenges in
semiconductor packaging. This is particularly interesting due
to the growing demand for highly integrated devices such as
mobile phones or wearables.


--- Page 35 ---

Research and Development

Advanced Technologies

An outstanding example of our activities in the Advanced
Technologies business unit are OLEDs, which are used in new
lighting techniques and display technologies. OLEDs provide
brilliant colors and sharp images from any viewing angle; they
have a long lifespan and are highly energy-efficient. In addi-
tion, OLEDs enable round or flexible displays, making them
perfect for use in the latest technical applications. One such
example is the smart watch, a wristwatch that provides Internet
access along with additional computer functionality.

The name of our product line for these types of applica-
tions is livilux®. We have developed a strong portfolio of world-
wide patents, based on more than ten years of experience.
Development partnerships with customers are a way of testing
new technologies and making them market-ready. For instance,
together with printer manufacturer Seiko Epson, we have
established a technology that can be used to print OLED dis-
plays. While we contributed our expertise in OLED material

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 79

and ink development to the collaboration, Seiko Epson pro-
vided its know-how in print heads featuring Micro Piezo inkjet
technology as well as process expertise. The jointly developed
technology offers the advantage of lower costs and higher
material efficiency. In contrast to evaporated OLED displays,
the materials are applied at room temperature under normal
pressure in the case of printed OLED displays. In addition, this
technique only deposits material in the areas where diodes are
actually located, thereby helping to conserve resources.

With the acquisition of Qlight Nanotech, we want to further
expand our leading position and deepen our expertise in the
research and development of display materials. Operating as
a research hub in Jerusalem, Qlight develops materials and
applications based on semiconducting nanocrystals. It has
a leading technology team with significant experience and
innovations in nanoscience and nanotechnology used in light-
ing applications and for displays and screens, among other
things.


--- Page 36 ---

8D Combined Management Report

People at Merck

Our employees are crucial to our success. Therefore, it is
particularly important to recruit the right talent with the right
capabilities at the right time to Merck, as well as to develop
and retain them.

Overview of our headcount figures

As of December 31, 2015, we had 49,613 employees world-
wide (2014: 39,639). The increase in the headcount is due
primarily to the integration of Sigma-Aldrich. In 2015, we were
represented by a total of 211 legal entities with employees in
66 countries.

BREAKDOWN OF EMPLOYEES
by region (Merck incl. Sigma-Aldrich)
in %

1.9

Middle East and Africa (MEA)
8.8

Latin America

22.4 47.2
Asia-Pacific (APAC) Europe
19.7

North America

Sigma-Aldrich became part of Merck on November 18, 2015.
As we are currently in the integration process, the remaining
text in this section refers exclusively to Merck, without Sigma-
Aldrich. The Sigma-Aldrich figures that are already available
can be found in the table at the end of this section.

As part of our Group strategy we place particular emphasis on
talent development, performance management and compen-
sation. In addition, we want to foster employee diversity in
order to be optimally prepared for future global challenges.
In order to support the Group strategy by providing suitable
programs and initiatives, we have defined three focus areas:

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

e Enabling business growth and transformation

e Enhancing leadership, talent and performance management
e Building and fostering the corporate culture

The developments and the objectives achieved in these areas
are presented in the following.

Enabling business growth and
transformation

In a continuously changing world, qualified employees capable
of innovative thinking are of tremendous importance to the
success of any company. Therefore, the aim of our human
resources strategy is to develop employees of all age groups
and to prepare them for new challenges.

Innovation is shaping our future

Innovation plays a particularly important role at Merck. In
order to further enhance the preconditions for innovation, in
2015 we opened the modular Innovation Center in Darmstadt.
This gives employees the possibility to focus on their ideas and
work on projects in an environment that stimulates creativity.
After all, innovation calls for innovative employees and scope
for creativity. The Innovator Academy, which offers our employ-
ees various training courses, for instance on design thinking,
creativity techniques and the business model canvass, is an
important element of the Innovation Center. Internal project
teams, start-ups and the Merck Accelerator program as well as
further interested colleagues from various areas throughout
Merck make extensive use of this offer.

Long-term success through employee development

The basic and advanced training of our employees remains
a special area of focus. In 2015, we maintained a consistently
high vocational training rate in Darmstadt, Merck’s largest
site. More than 500 young people were enrolled in vocational
training programs here in a total of 23 different occupations
in 2015. Upon the successful completion of their training, we
offer unlimited employment contracts to all apprentices work-
ing in occupations for which we have sustainable demand. On
average, the post-apprenticeship hiring rate - taking voluntary
terminations into account - was more than 90% over the past
five years. We also continue to offer vocational training to
a large number of young people at other sites.


--- Page 37 ---

People at Merck

“Start in die Ausbildung”, a German program to prepare young
people for an apprenticeship, was continued with 20 interns,
the same number as in 2014. The program is for young people
between the ages of 16 and 25 who have completed secondary
school without having successfully found an apprenticeship for
at least one year after completing school. We promote the
professional expertise of our apprentices through numerous
regional and global project activities. These include supporting
a center for homeless children in Kenya. We were recognized
for this and other activities to promote the social skills of
apprentices. At the 2015 Hermann Schmidt Award ceremony,
Merck received a special prize for innovative vocational training
from the German Federal Institute for Vocational Training.

Our global advanced training program ensures that all of our
employees and executives around the world develop the skills
that they and we need to implement our company strategy
and to remain successful in the future. For instance, we offer
them a range of globally aligned classroom training courses on
17 selected subjects. In 2015, more than 4,000 employees
participated in these programs. Moreover, we make various
e-learning and language courses as well as book summaries
and development tools available to our employees. In addition,
local, business, and function-related offers exist to ensure the
continuous further development of our employees. Our Team
Performance workshop supports the participants in improving
their effectiveness and cooperation.

We also offer our top talent and senior executives a range
of advanced training programs. One of the aims of the seven-
month International Management Program is to promote
global thinking among young talent and to strengthen their
leadership competencies. Additionally, in cooperation with top
international universities, the Merck University has been offer-
ing a multi-regional, modular one-year program since 1999.
To date, 345 members of top management have taken part in
this program. Furthermore, Merck cooperates globally with
universities in order to support employees who wish to study
for an Executive MBA, for instance. In 2015, we launched the
Growth Markets Management program in India and Latin
America for local executives. This program, which encom-
passes business and company-specific topics, is also offered in
China and Turkey. The programs had participants from a variety
of countries and regions such as Africa, the Middle East,
Japan, and Russia. Globally, a total of 98 managers took part
in these programs in 2015. Moreover, in 2015 the Managerial
Foundation Program was conducted in 15 countries with 507
participants and the Advanced Management Program was
attended by 110 participants in four countries.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 81

Through our investments in leadership quality, talent develop-
ment and advanced training, we strengthened the loyalty of
employees in countries with relatively high turnover rates such
as China and India.

Enhancing leadership, talent and
performance management

Furthering the performance culture at Merck is another focal
point of our human resources work. In this context, differenti-
ated compensation and advanced training opportunities are
important incentives. In order to establish this type of culture,
we consider it particularly important for managers to set an
example through their attitude and behavior. Selecting and
positioning the right employees, both internally and externally,
are crucial here.

Enhancing and developing a common understanding of
leadership

Our managers are expected to drive our innovative business
model. They achieve this by recognizing and making use of the
opportunities offered by the diverse cultures and experiences of
employees. At the same time, executives are to set an exam-
ple, for instance by living the company values and nurturing
a feedback culture. As part of an evaluation of our leadership
and business model, not only were roles adapted, but leader-
ship was also singled out as a central topic. Therefore, in Octo-
ber 2015, a new strategic competency model was introduced
to further develop and support our business strategy and thus
the related leadership culture. The strategic competencies
according to which managers and employees are to behave are
purposeful, future-oriented, innovative, results-driven, collab-
orative, and empowering. We will use the new model to build
and expand these central competencies in line with our future
strategic direction.

Promoting talent within the company, attracting talent
from outside

Within the framework of the “Fit for 2018” program, we
launched the capability initiative “ONE Talent Development,
Rewards and Performance Management” as part of our Group
strategy. The aim is to attract highly qualified graduates from
around the world to Merck and to retain them.


--- Page 38 ---

82 Combined Management Report

We consider it important to identify employee potential early on
and foster it on an individual basis. We want to offer our
employees interesting career opportunities, continuous personal
and professional development as well as prospects within the
company. We are therefore continuously working to strengthen
the performance and development culture within the com-
pany. Our processes are intended to support this and to ensure
that internal positions are filled in an even more efficient
manner. In order to achieve this, talent and performance man-
agement processes are globally aligned for all employees in
accordance with the same principle and are part of a shared
IT system. We systematically combine talent recognition with
performance management. Regular, individualized performance
evaluations make it easier to identify employees with high
potential and to develop them accordingly. Clear objectives,
differentiated and open feedback and individual development
plans are important prerequisites for personal development,
as well as for the success of the company.

In 2015, we further expanded our workforce pool to inter-
nally fill management positions when they become vacant. The
vast majority of management position vacancies were also
filled by internal candidates in 2015. In addition, we recruited
external executives in order to add new perspectives to our
long-standing in-house expertise.

Merck is using the motto “Make great things happen” to
position itself in the global job market, which conveys to
potential applicants a sense of what makes Merck unique: an
inspiring, motivating work environment in which innovations
thrive; an environment in which everyone has the opportunity
to apply their ideas and engagement to benefit customers and
the company, while at the same time developing themselves
as employees. Further increasing Merck’s attractiveness as an
employer was an important reason for the repositioning of the
corporate brand in 2015. In late 2015, we started an analysis
of the impact of the new corporate brand on employer brand-
ing. It is essential to harmonize employer branding and mes-
sages with the new brand in order to position Merck as an
attractive and authentic employer.

In recruitment, we focus our efforts on successfully attract-
ing talent while paying attention to costs. For this, a globally
uniform and binding process was introduced. This starts with
a search in the internal talent pool and an internal job posting
before external channels such as job portals and recruitment
agencies are utilized. On the one hand, the process offers
employees better development opportunities, and on the other
hand it minimizes the costs incurred during external recruitment.

In order to support executives in making hiring decisions
and to establish uniform quality standards, we offer interview
training courses for employees with personnel responsibility.
In the courses, the participants learn proper interview behav-
iors, professional question techniques and how to incorporate
diversity aspects into the hiring decision.

Making performance worthwhile

Competitive and appropriate total compensation is a core
element of our attractiveness as an employer as well as moti-
vating and retaining our employees. For this reason, several

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

years ago we implemented global and IT-based processes and
programs that help us to implement our philosophy of trans-
parent, consistent and competitive compensation sustainably.
Moreover, it is our objective to offer compensation that is both
performance- and position-based in both internal and external
comparisons. As a family-owned company, total compensation
offered by Merck focuses not only on monetary salary compo-
nents but also includes attractive non-monetary fringe benefits.
Since 2015, it has been possible for individual performance to
have a stronger impact on the variable bonus. In this way we
create greater incentives for employees to achieve top perfor-
mance, while at the same time allowing them to participate to
a greater extent in the success of the company.

Build and foster the corporate culture

An open corporate culture and a diverse workforce contribute
substantially to our business success. Therefore, promoting
diversity and inclusion as well as making employees more will-
ing to embrace cultural change are special areas of emphasis
of our human resources work.

Competitiveness through diversity

To us, diversity means much more than having a certain gender
ratio. Therefore, as part of our strategy, we focus on topics
such as internationality and demography. Diversity is not only
important to us on a managerial level, but also throughout the
entire workforce. Together with a culture of inclusion, diversity
promotes innovation and improves team performance. One
of the strategic goals is to recognize the strengths of such
a diverse workforce and to appreciate individual differences. It
is important to us to create an integrative work environment
in which all employees have the possibility to realize their full
potential. With respect to three of our six company values,
namely respect, transparency and integrity, multifaceted ideas
are furthered and perspectives strengthened in order to drive
innovation and to add more value. By signing the Equal Oppor-
tunity Charter of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy
Industrial Union (IG BCE) in 2015, we underscored our com-
mitment to fairness and tolerance in the workplace.

In addition to the Chief Diversity Officer, who is responsible
for strategically managing diversity within the company, Merck
also established the Diversity Council in 2013. Its aim is to build
further buy-in for diversity and inclusion within the company.
The council consists of high-ranking managers from all parts
of the company. In 2015, the Diversity Council worked to
introduce our Diversity Framework, which bundles the diversity
and inclusion strategies. It focuses on the following four topics:
recruiting the right people to work for Merck, developing and
retaining them, promoting efficient collaboration, driving inno-
vations and improvements, and serving customers with diverse
needs. In addition, we support specific employee networks in
order to foster exchange among like-minded individuals.


--- Page 39 ---

People at Merck

In September 2015, we celebrated Global Diversity Days with
a campaign entitled “It starts with YOU - Diversity & Inclusion
at Merck”. The objective of this year’s initiative was to heighten
awareness of diversity and inclusion among our workforce
through global events. Globally, employees on five continents
took part in one of 27 events.

Our goal is to anchor knowledge about our growth markets
within the company. People from a total of 122 different nations
work for Merck. Only 26% of our employees are German citizens,
and 72.2% work outside Germany.

Women currently make up 41.3% of the workforce. Since
the ratio of women to men varies widely across the different
regions, businesses and functions, we have set ourselves the
goal of increasing the percentage of female employees wher-
ever they are underrepresented. Here we take into account
the situation that is typical for the industry as well as regional
differences.

In Germany as well as several other EU countries, Japan
and the United States, we are preparing ourselves for demo-
graphic change. Since the average age of our employees in
these countries is slightly more than 40, the need for urgent
action does not yet exist; however, we assume that this figure
will continue to rise in the coming years. While increasing
automation and digitalization will certainly help to lower the
burden, we are already using various programs to meet the
demographic challenges in Germany. For instance, in 2015 we
not only developed new shift models, but also successfully
introduced preventive health measures for shift workers.
Moreover, we are systematically analyzing positions at the
Darmstadt site in terms of demographic suitability, and deriv-
ing measures from this analysis. The participation in a research
project in 2015 focusing on “mindfulness” was a further step
to sensitize the workforce to the limits of their own physical
and mental resources.

Diversity enriches our management team

We are convinced that balanced diversity among management
enhances career advancement opportunities for talented
employees while also helping to provide a broad experience
base within the company. In addition, it allows for differentiated
decision-making, thereby making a significant contribution to
the success of the company.

As a global company, we consider it highly important to
have an international management team. Currently, 61% of
our managers - meaning positions rated Global Grade 14 and
above in our Global Grading System - have a nationality other
than German. Altogether, 64 different nationalities are repre-
sented in such positions.

The percentage of management positions held by women
(Global Grade 14 and up) is currently 26.8% Group-wide.
Certain Group functions such as IT have a lower percentage of
women in management positions. However, the figures are
steadily increasing across Merck as a whole. We have achieved
our strategic goal of raising the percentage of management
positions held by women from 25% to 30% and intend to
further increase this percentage by the end of 2016. The
report on stipulations to promote the proportion of women in
management positions at Merck KGaA pursuant to section 76

Fundamental Information about the Group

Combined Management Report 83

(4) and section 111 (5) of the German Stock Corporation Act
can be found in the Corporate Governance section of this
report.

Safety in day-to-day work

As a responsible employer, it is especially important to us to do
everything in our power to prevent workplace-related illnesses
and accidents. We apply the lost time injury rate (LTIR) as an
indicator to determine the success of measures aimed at acci-
dent prevention as well as occupational health and safety. This
key performance indicator describes the number of workplace
accidents resulting in lost time of more than one day per one
million working hours. In 2010, we had set ourselves the goal
of reducing the lost time injury rate to 2.5 by 2015. Our future
target is even more ambitious. By 2020, we intend to sustain-
ably lower the LTIR to 1.5. The aim is to permanently stabilize
or outperform this challenging figure, which we achieved for
the first time in 2015.

The continuous rate of improvement in recent years can
be particularly attributed to the BeSafe! program, which was
launched in 2010. This is a global initiative with harmonized
standards as well as local modules to meet the specific require-
ments at individual sites. This program focuses on engaging
managers in the safety culture and making safety an intrinsic
value, thus empowering our employees to take responsibility
for their own safety. In 2015, we continued to sensitize our
employees to workplace hazards through numerous activities
and awareness campaigns.

Since 2010, Merck has been presenting the Safety Excel-
lence Award annually in order to underscore the importance
of safety. It is granted to all production sites with no workplace
accidents on record for the year. In 2015, 41 out of 61 produc-
tion sites were recognized.

Despite our efforts to prevent accidents, there were two
workplace accidents resulting in fatalities in 2015. In the
United States, an employee died in a car accident. In Germany,
an employee was killed in an accident with a fork lift.

Reconciling the demands of a career and family
We want to help our employees achieve a good balance between
their professional and personal objectives. This maintains and
strengthens their motivation and performance potential, ena-
bling them to better schedule their lives to suit their own needs.
We offer our employees in Germany and the United States
various flexible working models. The mywork@Merck working
model initially implemented in 2013 at the Darmstadt, Gerns-
heim and Grafing sites in Germany for all exempt employees
aims to strengthen a culture of performance and trust within
the company. Employees can choose their working hours and
work location freely. Since October 2014, non-exempt employ-
ees at these sites whose positions are suitable for this working
model have also been able to make use of it. In addition,
mywork@Merck was also introduced for Merck Accounting
Solutions & Services Europe GmbH, Merck Export GmbH,
Merck Schuchardt OHG, and Merck Selbstmedikation GmbH.
At the end of 2015, a total of 4,122 employees made use of
mywork@Merck. Globally, 5.1% of our employees worked part-
time in 2015. 10.9% of our part-time employees are men.


--- Page 40 ---

84% Combined Management Report

In addition, we offer our employees throughout Germany
targeted and independent information, advice and assistance
with regard to finding childcare and nursing care, as well as
home and garden services. At various sites, employees benefit
from childcare options that we subsidize. A daycare center
with capacity for 150 children between the ages of one and
twelve has been operating at the Darmstadt site for 48 years.
Since 2013, the daycare center has had expanded, year-round
opening hours from 6:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., needs-oriented day-
care hour options of 25, 35, or 50 hours per week, as well as an
adjacent new building, which is used exclusively as a nursery
for up to 30 children ranging in age from one to three years.
A good staff ratio, which offers parents and children reliability
with respect to the number of hours of care, is particularly
important to us. While their children adjust to the new envi-
ronment, our employees can make use of additional offices for
parents at the daycare center premises.

Dedicated employees contribute to success

A dedicated workforce is crucial in order to succeed as a global
company. Honest and balanced feedback from our employees
is thus important to us since it reveals, among other things,
the factors that influence engagement and what the organiza-
tion’s strengths and weaknesses are.

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

In 2014 and 2015, around 20,000 of our employees from all
business sectors and Group functions took part in the McKinsey
Organizational Health Index (OHI) survey. Using nine health
dimensions, the OHI shows in a holistic and business-oriented
manner how efficient an organization is. In comparison with
the more than 1,000 companies that conducted the survey,
our OHI score for motivation is in the second quartile.

Although opportunities for improvement were identified,
the overall results show that in comparison, our score is
above-average. The consolidated OHI results were presented
to our Executive Board in 2015. Work on central topics derived
from the survey has already begun. The topics identified in the
survey are being monitored and further pursued within the
scope of employee surveys.

Additionally, Merck received an important distinction in
2015 for the innovation programs Innospire and the Innovation
Cup. These were awarded the Innovation Prize of German
Industry, the world’s oldest innovation award, in the innova-
tive personnel concepts category. Innospire fosters innovative
employee ideas for new businesses; the Innovation Cup is
aimed at top students from around the world. A further inno-
vation program entitled Outcubation was realized in Heidelberg
to promote young talent and was published in Nature Biotech-
nology, a renowned journal.


--- Page 41 ---

People at Merck Fundamental Information about the Group Combined Management Report 8S

OVERVIEW OF EMPLOYEE FIGURES

Merck excl. Merck incl.
Merck Sigma-Aldrich Sigma-Aldrich Sigma-Aldrich
(Dec. 31, 2014) (Dec. 31,2015) (Dec. 31, 2015) (Dec. 31, 2015)

global, total 39,639 40,718 8,895 49,613
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 9,488 9,839 1,257 11,096
Europe 20,537 20,950 2,479 23,429
Number of employees by region Latin America 3,883 4,032 320 4,352
Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 639 725 217 942
North America 5,092 5,172 4,622 9,794
global, total 39,012.4 40,094.3 8,816.8 48,911.1
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 9,474.4 9,830.4 1,237.8 11,068.2
Number of employees Europe 19,946.2 20,359.2 2,426.5 22,785.7
(FTEs ~ full-time equivalents) by region Latin America 3,877.6 4,024.2 320.0 4,344.2
Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 637.9 724.0 216.6 940.6
North America 5,076.3 5,156.5 4,615.9 9,772.4
Number of countries in which the company has employees 66 66 34 66
Number of legal entities with employees 146 146 65 211
Number of employee nationalities global, total 122 122 = =
Number of employees working outside Germany 71.8% 72.2% 93.1% 75.9%
global, total 41.3% 41.3% 42.6% 41.6%
Percentage of women in the workforce :
in Germany 37.5% 37.6% 49.0% 38.2%
Percentage of women in management positions global, total 26.3% 26.8% = -
(Global Grade 14+) in Germany 26.1% 27.3% 4 -
Percentage of managers in the workforce global, total 5.5% 5.9% = =
(Global Grade 14+) number of nationalities 67 64 = =
global, total 5.2% 5.1% 2.6% 4.7%
Percentage of employees working part-time -
of which men 10.5% 10.9% 15.2% 11.3%
Percentage of employees aged 0-29 years global, total 14.9% 14.4% 19.3% 15.2%
Percentage of employees aged 30-49 years _global, total 64.2% 64.3% 54.7% 62.6%
Percentage of employees aged 50+ years global, total 20.9% 21.3% 26.0% 22.2%
Average length of service in years global, total 10.1 10.0 = _

No data available owing to the Sigma-Aldrich integration process, which is currently underway.


--- Page 42 ---

BG Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

The development of our net sales in 2015 was influenced by
general global trends and by the growing importance of the
Asia-Pacific region (APAC). In 2015, the APAC region accounted
for approximately 56% of the organic growth in Group sales.
All business sectors made positive contributions to the overall
organic sales growth of the APAC region. In 2015, Healthcare
and Performance Materials generated the APAC region's larg-
est share of sales in absolute terms. At 10.4%, the highest
organic sales growth in the region was achieved by Healthcare.
Life Science and Performance Materials followed far behind,
with organic growth rates of 5.5% and 0.8%, respectively.
According to the most recent report by the International
Monetary Fund (IMF), the recovery in industrialized countries
continued in 2015, whereas economic activity in emerging
economies and developing countries weakened for the fifth
year in a row. The IMF reported that global gross domestic
product (GDP) rose by 3.1% in 2015, representing a decrease
of 0.3 percentage points compared with 2014. While indus-

trialized countries generated an increase of 1.9%, at 4.0%
emerging economies again made the largest contribution to
global growth.

According to the latest information, in 2015 the GDP of the
United States, the world’s largest economy, grew by 2.5%
(2014: 2.4%), which was 0.6 percentage points short of the
2014 forecast. Growth in the United States slowed down in
2015 due to a decline in investment spending by the oil indus-
try and a harsh winter. For the eurozone, the IMF noted a
1.5% increase in GDP in 2015 (2014: 0.9%). In Asia (exclud-
ing Japan), GDP grew in 2015 by 6.6% (2014: 6.8%). India
(7.3%) and China (6.9%) made noteworthy contributions to
this development. Japan, South Korea and Taiwan remained
behind the previous year’s growth expectations. However,
with GDP growth of 0.6%, Japan returned to positive territory
(2014: 0.0%). By contrast, economic activity slightly weak-
ened in South Korea, with GDP growth of 2.7% (2014: 3.3%)
and in Taiwan, with growth of 2.2% (2014: 3.8%).

Development in Development in

2015* 2014
Healthcare
Global pharmaceutical market 8.9% 8.7%
Market for multiple sclerosis therapies* 8.0% 19.0%
Market for type 2 diabetes therapies? 2.0% 9.0%
Market for infertility treatment? -7.0% 1.0%
Market for the treatment of colorectal cancer? -1.7% =5.8%
Market for OTC pharmaceuticals 4.9% 4.0%
Life Science
Market for laboratory products 3.0% 2.8%
Share of biopharmaceuticals in the global pharmaceutical market 24.0% 23.0%
Performance Materials
declining
growth
Growth of LC display surface area dynamics 13.8%
slightly weaker
Global automobile sales volumes growth 4.0%
Materials for production of cosmetics 2.0% 1.8%
sales at the
previous year’s
Semiconductor industry sales level 8.0%

Predicted development. Final development data for 2015 were not available for all industries when this report was prepared.
?Growth figures are based on market data stated in U.S. dollars. Market data from EvaluatePharma on the growth of indications are based on published company reports and are

subject to exchange rate fluctuations.

Owing to the development of the €/US$ exchange rate in 2014-2015, market growth in U.S. dollars is weaker than when viewed in terms of euros.


--- Page 43 ---

Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

Healthcare

The IMS Health Global Market Prognosis 2015-2019, a study
published by IMS Health, expects an 8.9% increase in sales
for the global pharmaceutical market in 2015 (2014: 8.7%).
This sales increase is primarily attributable to Latin America
and the United States. The U.S. pharmaceutical market saw
growth of 11.4% (2014: 12.6%) and in Latin America, growth
was as high as 15.8% (2014: 11.6%). At 7.0%, growth of the
Chinese market was weaker compared with the previous year
(2014: 11.2%). However, at 5.8%, European market growth
continued (2014: 4.1%).

Not only the growth of the pharmaceutical sector as a
whole, but also in particular the development of the biophar-
maceutical market are relevant for our business. According
to EvaluatePharma, the share of sales accounted for by bio-
pharmaceuticals as a proportion of the overall pharmaceutical
market has steadily increased since 2006, amounting to 24.0%
in 2015. In absolute terms, global biopharmaceutical sales
amounted to around US$ 183 billion in 2015. For the coming
years, EvaluatePharma continues to expect increasing sales
of biopharmaceuticals. It is also likely that the trend towards
biopharmaceuticals making up an ever greater share of the
overall pharmaceutical market will continue.

According to EvaluatePharma, among our therapeutic areas
of focus, particularly the markets for multiple sclerosis thera-
pies and type 2 diabetes treatments showed the highest
growth, increasing by 8.0% (2014: 19.0%) and 2.0% (2014:
9.0%), respectively. Moreover, it should be emphasized that
the market for infertility treatments recorded a sales decline
of -7.0% (2014: 1.0%). Despite this difficult environment,
the Biopharma business generated an organic sales increase
of around 3.7% with Gonal-f®, a hormone used in the treat-
ment of infertility. In 2015, the market for oncology drugs to
treat colorectal cancer declined by a further 1.7% in compari-
son with the previous year (2014: -5.8%).

In a market study, the company Nicholas Hall quantified
growth of the global over-the-counter pharmaceutical market
at 4.9% in 2015 (2014: 4.0%). The market growth drivers
were India at 8.9% (2014: 9.0%) as well as Latin America at
7.0% (2014: 8.2%). The Japanese and western European
markets showed the weakest growth dynamics of 0.2% and
3.3%, respectively.

Life Science

Our Life Science business sector is a leading supplier of prod-
ucts and services for general laboratory applications, as well
as researching, developing and producing drug therapies of
biological and chemical origin.

For the global laboratory product market relevant to Bio-
science and Lab Solutions, the market research firm Frost &
Sullivan calculated growth of 3.0% for 2015 (2014: 2.8%).
Growth was primarily driven by biopharmaceutical industry
customers, specifically emerging biotech start-ups. The stabi-
lization of U.S. academic funding also helped to improve the

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 87

performance and prospects of research tools markets. In com-
parison with 2014, the European market grew by 1.9% (2014:
1.6%), especially as a result of positive market developments
from the EU Research and Innovation program Horizon 2020.
Growth of the U.S. market improved to 3.2% (2014: +3.0%)
thanks to the robust performance of the biotech industry.
Emerging economies delivered higher growth; however, a
slowdown in China was visible.

The demand for Process Solutions products depends
heavily on the volume of biological product sales as well as the
research & development activities of biopharmaceutical com-
panies. Global biopharmaceuticals are approaching US$ 200 bil-
lion in sales and are expected to double by 2020. According to
EvaluatePharma, there are more than 7,500 active biologics
projects in the pipeline, 25% of which are monoclonal anti-
bodies. Biosimilars are a small, but fast-growing part of the
pharmaceutical market. In 2015, IMS expects spending on bio-
similars to reach US$ 2 billion annually, or approximately 1%
of total global spending on biologics.

Performance Materials

With its Liquid Crystals business, Merck is the leading pro-
ducer of liquid crystal mixtures for the display industry. Based
on data collected by market researchers at DisplaySearch, in
recent years the display industry has achieved growth rates in
display surface areas averaging 10%. This dynamic growth
was driven by higher sales volumes and increasing average
display sizes. Owing to weak demand for televisions, 2015
saw waning growth dynamics. The display industry remains a
growth sector in which the leading display technology is based
on liquid crystals. OLED technology, for which Merck also ranks
among the leading material suppliers, is gaining importance in
the high-quality display sector.

The markets for automotive coatings and cosmetics are
crucial to Merck’s Pigments business. As reported by the
German Automobile Industry Association (VDA), global auto-
mobile sales increased by 4% in 2014. The growth drivers
were China (+ 13%), the United States (+6%) and western
Europe (+5%), whereas automotive sales volumes declined
in Latin America and eastern Europe. Owing to the weakening
of economic activity in China, global growth of the automo-
tive industry is expected to come in slightly weaker in 2015.
According to Euromonitor International, global consumption
of materials used to produce cosmetics grew by 2%, with Asia
reporting the highest growth rate of 5%.

The semiconductor industry is the most important sales
market for the business with integrated circuit materials
(IC Materials). The long-term growth of the semiconductor
industry has a cyclical demand pattern. According to Gartner,
a market research institute specializing in the technology and
electronics markets, in 2015 the industry’s sales were at the
previous year’s level as a result of declining demand in the PC
business. In 2014, dynamic growth of 8% was recorded.


--- Page 44 ---

BB Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Review of forecast against actual business developments

REVIEW OF FORECAST AGAINST ACTUAL
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

In the Annual Report for 2014, we gave forecasts of the key
financial performance indicators for the Merck Group and our
business sectors for 2015. At the time of the forecast, the
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich was still pending due to outstand-
ing antitrust clearances. We therefore provided a separate
forecast in the event of the successful acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich, in which we expected the first-time consolidation of
Sigma-Aldrich in mid-2015. The following report reviews the
forecast against the actual business developments, including
the first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich on November 18,
2015.

Net sales

We predicted slight organic sales growth for the Merck Group
in 2015, supplemented by a slight portfolio effect and a mod-
erately positive exchange rate effect. All business sectors
contributed significantly to the moderate 2.6% organic increase
in the net sales of the Merck Group, thus exceeding the fore-
cast. In addition, despite the delay in the acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich owing to antitrust reviews, we recorded a solid port-
folio effect of 4.3%, in part due to the good performance of
AZ Electronic Materials, a company we acquired in 2014. The
strengthening of the U.S. dollar and major Asian currencies
against the euro in 2015 contributed significantly to the strong
positive currency effect of 6.2% on net sales.

Our Healthcare business sector generated slight organic
sales growth of 1.6% in 2015, thus slightly exceeding the
guidance provided in the Annual Report for 2014. In addition
to the performance of Rebif® in North America, which exceeded
our expectations, this was due to the organic increase in sales
of our products to treat diabetes (Glucophage®), cardiovascu-
lar diseases (Concor®), infertility (Gonal-f®), and thyroid dis-
orders (Euthyrox®), as well as Neurobion®, a brand marketed
by the Consumer Health business.

For the Life Science business sector, we forecast a moderate
organic increase in sales in the Annual Report for 2014. Posting
strong organic sales growth of 6.5% in 2015, the Life Science
business sector exceeded this forecast. Process Solutions
made a significant contribution to this development with
organic sales growth of 11.6%. In addition, the Life Science
business sector saw a portfolio effect of 10.2% due to the
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich.

For the Performance Materials business sector, we pre-
dicted slight organic sales growth, supplemented by a strong
portfolio effect. At 0.6%, the actual organic growth was only
slightly below this forecast. Special mention should be made
of the dynamic development of the OLED materials business,
as well as the energy-saving UB-FFS technology from the Display
Materials business unit. However, the mature LC technology
TN-TFT suffered from an accelerated decline in volumes. The
portfolio effect of the revenues from acquired businesses was
10.4%.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

In 2015, excluding the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, EBITDA
pre exceptionals of the Merck Group saw a solid increase over
the previous year, thus exceeding the forecast we gave in the
Annual Report for 2014. In addition, apart from operating per-
formance, positive foreign exchange effects of the U.S. dollar
and major Asian currencies contributed to this development.
Including Sigma-Aldrich, we generated a strong EBITDA pre
exceptionals increase of 7.1% to € 3,630 million for the Merck
Group in 2015.


--- Page 45 ---

Review of forecast against actual business developments

For the Healthcare business sector, we predicted a slight
decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals in the Annual Report for
2014. The good development of organic sales helped us to
exceed this forecast, achieving the year-earlier level with
EBITDA pre exceptionals of € 2,002 million.

In the Annual Report for 2014, we predicted a moderate
increase for the Life Science business sector. Excluding Sigma-
Aldrich, EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Life Science business
sector saw a low double-digit increase, thus exceeding our
guidance provided in the Annual Report for 2014. In addition
to positive exchange rate effects, this development was also
attributable to a favorable product mix.

We forecast a low double-digit increase in EBITDA pre
exceptionals for the Performance Materials business sector in
2015. With medium double-digit growth (excluding Sigma-
Aldrich), we significantly exceeded this forecast. Both good
operating business performance and positive exchange rate
effects were responsible for this development.

For EBITDA pre exceptionals of Corporate and Other, we
expected a low double-digit percentage decline. Owing to
expenses for currency hedging transactions as a result of the
global exchange rate movements against the euro and the
intensification of future-oriented Group initiatives (e.g. new
branding), the Corporate and Other expense of EBITDA pre
exceptionals more than doubled overall. Consequently, we did
not meet our forecast.

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 89

Business free cash flow

For 2015, we had forecast a slight improvement in business
free cash flow of the Merck Group. Excluding the contribution
from Sigma-Aldrich, we can confirm this forecast. While busi-
ness free cash flows of the Life Science and Performance
Materials business sectors showed a sharp increase over 2014,
both the Healthcare business sector and Corporate and Other
saw a decline. The decrease in Healthcare is attributable to
higher investments and the high amount of capital tied up in
receivables. In Corporate and Other, expenses for the ONE
Global Headquarters and strategic Group initiatives in particu-
lar led to a decrease in business free cash flow. Including
Sigma-Aldrich, our Group business free cash flow increased
sharply by 6.2%.


--- Page 46 ---

90 Combined Management Report

Report on Economic Position

Review of forecast against actual business developments

Review of forecast against actual business developments in 2015

Actual results 2014

Forecast for 2015 in the

in € million Annual Report for 2014
Merck Group
Slight organic growth, slight
portfolio effect, moderately
positive foreign exchange effect
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Net sales! 11,363 Double-digit growth rates
Slight increase due to operating
business developments and
positive foreign exchange effects;
at least at the 2014 level
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
EBITDA pre exceptionals 3,388 Very strong growth
Slight increase
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Business free cash flow 2,605 Very strong growth
Healthcare
Organic at the
Net sales! 6,621 previous year's level
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,000 Slight decline
Business free cash flow 1,701 Slight decline
Life Science
Moderate organic growth
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Net sales! 2,682 Double-digit growth rates
Moderate increase
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
EBITDA pre exceptionals 659 Double-digit growth rates
Strong increase
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Business free cash flow 419 Double-digit growth rates
Performance Materials
Slight organic increase,
Net sales! 2,060 strong portfolio effect
Low double-digit
EBITDA pre exceptionals 895 percentage increase
Low double-digit
Business free cash flow 700 percentage increase
Corporate and Other
Double-digit
EBITDA pre exceptionals -166 percentage decline
Business free cash flow -215 -

‘The composition of net sales has changed, see “Changes to accounting and measurement principles and disclosure changes” in the Notes to the Group accounts.


--- Page 47 ---

Review of forecast against actual business developments

Forecast for 2015 in

Report on Economic Position

Q1/2015 Interim Report

Q2/2015 Interim Report

Q3/2015 Interim Report

Combined Management Report 91

Results 2015 in € million (% YoY)

€ 12.3-12.5 billion

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Double-digit growth rates

€ 12.3-12.5 billion

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Low double-digit
percentage growth

€ 12.6-12.8 billion,

of which Sigma-Aldrich:
€ 300 million

12,845
(+13.0%

+2.6% org.
+4.3% portfolio,
+6.2% currency)

€ 3.45-3.55 billion

€ 3.45-3.55 billion

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:

€ 3.58-3.65 billion,

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich: Low double-digit of which Sigma-Aldrich: 3,630
Double-digit growth rates percentage growth € 80-95 million (+7.1%)
€ 2.4-2.5 billion € 2.4-2.5 billion € 2.6-2.7 billion,
Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich: Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich: of which Sigma-Aldrich: 2,766
Strong growth Stable development € 50-70 million (+6.2%)
6,934
(44.7%
Organic at the Organic at the Organic at the +1.6% org.
previous year's level previous year's level previous year's level +3.1% currency)
2,002
€ 1.9-2.0 billion € 1.9-2.0 billion € 1.93-2.0 billion (+0.1%)
1,581
€ 1.5-1.55 billion € 1.5-1.55 billion € 1.5-1.55 billion (-7.1%)
3,355
4 - 4 - h ‘id h (+25.1%
Moderate organic growth Moderate organic growt Solid organic growth, +6.5% org.

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Double-digit growth rates

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich:
Double-digit growth rates

portfolio effect in the low
double-digit percentage range

+10.2% portfolio,
+8.4% currency)

€ 730-760 million

€ 740-760 million

€ 760-780 billion,

Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich: Forecast incl. Sigma-Aldrich: __in addition from Sigma-Aldrich: 856
Double-digit growth rates Double-digit growth rates € 80-95 million (+30.0%)
€ 530-560 million,
in addition from Sigma-Aldrich: 676
€ 450-480 million € 450-480 million € 50-70 million (461.2%)
2,556
(+24.1%
+0.6% org.

Slight organic increase,

strong portfolio effect

Slight organic increase,

strong portfolio effect

Slight organic increase,

strong portfolio effect

+10.4% portfolio,
+13.1% currency)

€ 1.05~-1.1 billion

€ 1.06-1.1 billion

€ 1.1-1.14 billion

1,132
(426.5%)

€ 850-900 million

€ 850-900 million

€ 890-940 million

931
(+33.0%)

€ -330- -280 million

€ -350- -300 million

€ -360- -340 million

-360
(+116.9%)

€ -420- -390 million

€ -420- -390 million

€ -440- -410 million

-421
(+96.2%)



--- Page 48 ---

92 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

COURSE OF BUSINESS
POSITION

Merck

Overview of 2015

Sales increase by 13.0% to € 12.8 billion

All business sectors report organic sales growth

EBITDA pre exceptionals up 7.1% to around € 3.6 billion
Earnings per share pre exceptionals rise 5.9% to € 4.87
Business free cash flow increases by 6.2% to € 2.8 billion
Healthcare: Robust base business; cooperation with Pfizer
developing according to plan

Merck

AND ECONOMIC

e Life Science: Strong and profitable organic sales growth
amid successful completion of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition

e Performance Materials: Market positions in all businesses
successfully defended with organic sales at 2014 level

° Corporate objectives for 2015 met in full

MERCK GROUP

Key figures
Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
Net sales* 12,844.7 11,362.8 13.0
Operating result (EBIT) 1,843.2 1,762.0 4.6
Margin (% of net sales)" 14.3 15.5
EBITDA 3,354.1 3,122.9 7.4
Margin (% of net sales)* 26.1 27.5
EBITDA pre exceptionals 3,629.8 3,387.7 7A
Margin (% of net sales) 28.3 29.8
Earnings per share (€) 2.56 2.66 -3.8
Earnings per share pre exceptionals (€) 4.87 4.60 5.9
Business free cash flow 2,766.2 2,605.1 6.2

‘The composition of net sales has changed, see “Changes to accounting and measurement principles and disclosure changes” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2015, we generated net sales of € 12,845 million (2014:
€ 11,363 million), representing an increase of 13.0% or
€ 1,482 million over 2014. This positive sales development
was due to organic growth, positive exchange rate effects and
acquisition-related increases. In 2015, the organic increase in
sales amounted to 2.6% or € 293 million. As a consequence of
the weaker value of the euro against the most important cur-
rencies, this led to net positive exchange rate effects of 6.2%
or € 702 million. This was primarily due to the U.S. dollar and
Asian currencies, especially the Chinese renminbi and the
Taiwan dollar. Negative exchange rate effects resulted mainly
from Latin American currencies, for instance the Venezuelan

bolivar and the Brazilian real. Acquisitions/ divestments
increased net sales overall by 4.3% or € 487 million. The
acquisition-related effect from the first-time consolidation of
AZ Electronic Materials (AZ) on May 2, 2014 amounted to
€ 203 million. The increase in sales due to the consolidation of
Sigma-Aldrich since November 18, 2015 totaled € 289 million.
Of this amount, € 279 million was generated by the Life
Science business sector and € 10 million by the Performance
Materials business sector. Subsequent to the divestment of
the Discovery and Development Solutions business field in the
Life Science business sector as of March 31, 2014, net sales
declined by € 5 million compared with the previous year.


--- Page 49 ---

Merck

The development of net sales in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2014 as well as respective organic growth
rates are presented in the following overview:

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 93

MERCK GROUP
Net sales and organic growth by quarter

€ million /organic growth in %

a Q2 Q3 4
2015 —- @@in 3,464
2014 —- @BA 2,999

% - } os — t» ]

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

In 2015, Healthcare accounted for 54% (2014: 58%) of our
total Group sales and thus remained our largest business sec-
tor in terms of sales. Life Science and Performance Materials
followed behind, contributing 26% (2014: 24%) and 20%
(2014: 18%) to Group sales, respectively. The respective two
percentage-point increases in the share of sales accounted for
by both Life Science and Performance Materials were mainly
related to the acquisitions of Sigma-Aldrich and AZ.

MERCK GROUP
Net sales by business sector - 2015

€ million/% of net sales

20%
Performance Materials

2,555.6
54%
Healthcare
6,933.8
26%
Life Science
3,355.3

MERCK GROUP
Net sales components by business sector - 2015

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million / change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Healthcare 69338 COL 3.1 - 4.7
Life Science 3,355.3 6.5 8.4 10.2 25.1
Performance Materials 2,555.6 0.6 13.1 10.4 24.1
Merck Group 12,844.7 2.6 6.2 4.3 13.0



--- Page 50 ---

94% Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

All our business sectors recorded organic sales increases and
positive exchange rate effects in 2015. Achieving an organic
growth rate of 6.5%, which corresponded to an absolute
increase of € 173 million, Life Science made the strongest
absolute contribution to organic sales growth, followed by
Healthcare with organic sales growth of € 106 million, equiva-
lent to a growth rate of 1.6%, and Performance Materials with
€ 13 million, or 0.6%. The overall change in net sales reflects
the benefits of positive exchange rate effects and sales contri-
butions from the acquired businesses. Driven mainly by the
first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich, Life Science deliv-
ered a growth rate of 25.1% or € 673 million, the strongest
sales increase among our business sectors.

Driven by positive exchange rate movements and acquisition-
related growth, sales in the Asia-Pacific region rose by 23.2%
or € 798 million to € 4,241 million (2014: € 3,443 million).
Asia-Pacific thus became our top-selling region and the growth
engine of the Group; more than half of total sales growth in
2015 was generated in this region. In particular, Performance
Materials benefited in this region from positive currency effects
and the consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials. All business
sectors contributed to organic growth of 4.7%, although this
development was mainly attributable to Healthcare, which
reported organic growth of 10.4%. The contribution to Group
sales by the Asia-Pacific region rose by three percentage points
to 33% (2014: 30%).

Sales generated in Europe grew by 2.1% to € 4,103 mil-
lion (2014: € 4,017 million). While the Life Science (+ 12.7%)
and Performance Materials (+ 6.5%) business sectors achieved
sales growth, Healthcare posted a sales decline (- 2.1%). Over-
all, this region’s contribution to Group sales in 2015 declined
to 32% (2014: 36%).

MERCK GROUP
Net sales components by region - 2015

Merck

MERCK GROUP
Net sales by region - 2015
€ million/% of net sales
4%

Middle East and Africa (MEA)
10%

Latin America 513.0
1,265.3

32%

Europe

4,102.7

33%
Asia-Pacific (APAC)

4,240.8

21%
North America

2,722.9

Sales in North America amounted to € 2,723 million (2014:
€ 2,152 million), which represents a year-on-year increase of
26.5%. This was due in particular to favorable currency effects
from the strong U.S. dollar and acquisition-related sales
increases that were primarily attributable to the acquisition
of Sigma-Aldrich. The organic growth generated by the Life
Science business sector (+8.5%) was canceled out by the
organic sales declines in the other two business sectors. The
contribution to Group sales by this region in 2015 was 21%,
representing an increase of two percentage points (2014:
19%).

In Latin America, Group sales decreased slightly owing to
currency effects to € 1,265 million (2014: € 1,285 million).
Negative exchange rate effects stemmed mainly from the
change in the translation of the Venezuelan bolivar into the
reporting currency, euros. In this connection, reference is
made to the explanations in Note [7] “Management judgments
and sources of estimation uncertainty” in the Notes to the
Group accounts. All business sectors contributed to organic
sales growth of 8.6%. In 2015, Latin America generated 10%
(2014: 11%) of Group sales.

Net sales in the Middle East and Africa region rose in 2015
by 10.1%, amounting to € 513 million (2014: € 466 million).
Organic sales growth of 6.8% was mainly attributable to the
Healthcare business sector. This region accounted for an
unchanged 4% of Group sales.

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 41027. O02 0.2 18 241
North America 2,722.9 =0.9 17.9 96 26.5
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 4,240.8 47 12.6 5.9 23.2
Latin America 1,265.3 8.6 =10.5 0.4 =15
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 513.0 6.8 2.5 0.8 10.1
Merck Group 12,844.7 2.6 6.2 43 13.0



--- Page 51 ---

Merck

The consolidated income statement of the Merck Group is as
follows:

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 95

MERCK GROUP
Consolidated Income Statement*

Change

€ million 2015 in % 2014 in % in € million in %
Net sales "42,844.7  100.0 11,362.8 100.0 1,481.9 13.0
Cost of sales -4,076.3 -31.7 -3,526.4 -31.0 -549.9 15.6

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-166.6) (-94.0) (-72.6) (77.3)
Gross profit 8,768.4 68.3 7,836.4 69.0 932.0 11.9
Marketing and selling expenses -4,049.5  -31.5 -3,589.1 -31.6 -460.4 12.8

(of which: amortization of intangible assets) (-778.9) (-719.0) (-59.9) (8.4)
Administration expenses -719.9 -5.6 -608.6 -5.4 -111.3 18.3
Research and development costs -1,709.2  -13.3 -1,703.7 15.0 -5.5 0.3

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-2.7) (-3.8) (1.1) (~30.5)
Other operating expenses and income -446.6  -3.5 -173.0  -1.5 -273.6 158.2
Operating result (EBIT) 1,843.2 14.3 1,762.0 15.5 81.2 4.6
Financial result -356.7. -2.8 -205.0 1.8 -151.7 74.0
Profit before income tax 1,486.5 11.6 1,557.0 13.7 -70.5  -4.5
Income tax -368.0 2.9 -392.2 -3.5 24.2 -6.2
Profit after tax from continuing operations 1,118.5 8.7 1,164.8 10.3 -46.3 -4.0
Profit after tax from discontinued operations 5.6 - - = 5.6 =
Profit after tax 1,124.1 8.8 1,164.8 10.3 -40.7 -3.5
Non-controlling interests -9.3 0-01 -7.5  -0.1 -1.8 25.1
Net income 1,114.8 8.7 1,157.3 10.2 -42.5  -3.7

‘The reporting structure has changed, see “Changes to accounting and measurement principles and disclosure changes" in the Notes to the Group accounts.

2 Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

The increase in cost of sales as well as other functional costs,
for example marketing and selling expenses and administra-
tion expenses, was significantly influenced by exchange rate
effects and the first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich.
Despite the rise in cost of sales to € 4,076 million (2014:
€ 3,526 million), gross profit saw a double-digit increase
(+11.9%) to € 8,768 million. Gross margin, i.e. gross profit
as a percentage of sales, declined slightly to 68.3% (2014:
69.0%).

In 2015, research and development costs were at the
previous year’s level. Healthcare, which is the Group’s most
research-intense business sector, accounted for 77% (2014:
80%) of Group-wide R&D spending. The Group research
spending ratio (research and development costs as a percent-
age of sales) declined to 13.3% (2014: 15.0%). Our research
spending ratio in the Healthcare business sector was 18.9%
(2014: 20.6%).

MERCK GROUP
Research and development costs by business sector - 2015

€ million/in %

11%
Performance Materials
“.

197.0
12%
Life Science
197.5
77%
Healthcare
1,310.1



--- Page 52 ---

96 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

In 2015, other operating expenses and income (net) amounted
to € -447 million (2014: € -173 million) and comprised
expenses of € 917 million (2014: € 737 million) as well as
income of € 471 million (2014: € 564 million). The increase in
other operating expenses was primarily due to exchange rate
losses in operating business and higher allowances for receiv-
ables. The decrease in other operating income was mainly due
to one-time income in 2014 from the adjustment of provisions
for litigation with Israel Bio-Engineering Project Limited Part-
nership (“IBEP”). This effect could not be offset by higher
income from milestone payments largely attributable to the
alliance entered into with Pfizer in November 2014 to co-
develop and co-commercialize active ingredients in immuno-
oncology. Further information about the development and
composition of other operating expenses and income can be
found in Note [12] “Other operating income” and Note [13]
“Other operating expenses” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Overall, our operating result (EBIT) increased by 4.6% to
€ 1,843 million.

In 2015, the negative financial result grew by € 152 million
to € -357 million (2014: € -205 million), particularly owing to
higher interest expenses in connection with the financing
measures for the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition. Furthermore, we
incurred higher exchange rate losses from financial trans-
actions that burdened the financial result more strongly than
in 2014 (see Note [14] “Financial result” in the Notes to the
Group accounts).

MERCK GROUP
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quartert

€ million /change in %

qi Q2
2015 —— ex}

2014 ——~ @:iy,

Merck

Income tax expenses of € 368 million (2014: € 392 million)
led to a tax ratio of 24.8% (2014: 25.2%). Further informa-
tion about income taxes can be found in Note [15] “Income
taxes” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Profit after tax of discontinued operations comprises
the business activities of Sigma-Aldrich acquired with a view
to resale. As a consequence of the antitrust commitments
imposed by the European Commission, Merck and Sigma-
Aldrich had agreed to sell parts of Sigma-Aldrich’s solvents
and inorganics business in Europe (see also Note [4] “Acquisi-
tions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to
the Group accounts).

Net income, i.e. profit after tax attributable to Merck
shareholders, for 2015 was € 1,115 million (2014: € 1,157 mil-
lion), resulting in earnings per share of € 2.56 (2014: € 2.66).

The key financial indicator used to steer operating business,
EBITDA pre exceptionals, climbed 7.1% to € 3,630 million
(2014: € 3,388 million). The resulting EBITDA margin pre
exceptionals of 28.3% nearly reached the year-earlier level
(29.8%). The reconciliation of the operating result (EBIT) to
EBITDA pre exceptionals is presented under “Internal Manage-
ment System”.

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the
following overview:

% }e — oo }

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 53 ---

Merck

The increase in Group EBITDA pre exceptionals was driven by
the Life Science and Performance Materials business sectors.
Life Science improved this key performance indicator by
€ 198 million or 30.0%, and Performance Materials delivered
an increase of € 237 million or 26.5%. At € 2,002 million,
EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Healthcare business sector
remained at the level of 2014, accounting for a 50% share
(2014: 56%) of Group EBITDA pre exceptionals (excluding the
€ -360 million decline due to Corporate and Other). The per-
centage shares of EBITDA pre exceptionals attributable to Life
Science and Performance Materials rose to 22% (2014: 19%)
and 28% (2014: 25%), respectively.

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 97

MERCK GROUP
EBITDA pre exceptionals by business sector - 2015

€ million/in %

28%
Performance Materials

1,132.1
50%
Healthcare
2,001.7
22%
Life Science
856.1

Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre exceptionals by € ~360 million due to
Corporate and Other.


--- Page 54 ---

98 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position Merck

Net assets and financial position

MERCK GROUP
Balance sheet structure*

Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %
Non-current assets “"30,657.0. 80.7 15,529.7 59.7 :15,127.3 97.4
of which:
Intangible assets 25,339.0 11,395.5 13,943.5
Property, plant and equipment 4,009.1 2,990.4 1,018.7
Other non-current assets 1,308.9 1,143.8 165.1
Current assets 7,350.2 19.3 10,480.4 40.3. 3,130.2 -29.9
of which:
Inventories 2,619.8 1,659.7 960.1
Trade accounts receivable* 2,738.3 2,219.5 518.8
Current financial assets 227.0 2,199.4 1,972.4
Other current assets? 932.9 1,523.3 -590.4
Cash and cash equivalents 832.2 2,878.5 2,046.3
Total assets 38,007.2 100.0 26,010.1 100.0  11,997.1 46.1
Equity 12,855.3 33.8 11,801.0 45.4 1,054.3 8.9
Non-current liabilities 15,768.9 41.5 7,607.7 29.2 8,161.2 107.3
of which:
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 1,836.1 1,820.1 16.0
Other non-current provisions 855.3 626.1 229.2
Non-current financial liabilities 9,616.3 3,561.1 6,055.2
Other non-current liabilities 3,461.2 1,600.4 1,860.8
Current liabilities 9,383.0 24.7 6,601.4 25.4 2,781.6 42.1
of which:
Current provisions 535.4 561.7 = 26.3
Current financial liabilities 4,096.6 2,075.9 2,020.7
Trade accounts payable 1,921.2 1,539.4 381.8
Other current liabilities 2,829.8 2,424.4 405.4
Total liabilities and equity 38,007.2 100.0 26,010.1 100.0  11,997.1 46.1

Since January 1, 2015, the consolidated balance sheet has been structured in descending order of maturity.

2Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “Changes to accounting and measurement principles and disclosure changes” in the Notes to the Group accounts.


--- Page 55 ---

Merck

As of December 31, 2015, total assets amounted to € 38,007
million. This represents an increase of € 11,997 million or
46.1% over December 31, 2014 (€ 26,010 million). Both this
very strong increase and the change in the balance sheet
structure were mainly due to the acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich, which closed in November 2015. As part of the pre-
liminary purchase price allocation for this transaction, the
acquired assets and liabilities were measured at fair values
in the balance sheet. On the date of first-time consolidation,
this increased intangible assets (excluding goodwill) by
€ 5,873 million. The goodwill from the acquisition amounted
to € 8,613 million. Further information on the purchase price
allocation for the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition can be found in

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 99

Note [4] “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and disposal
groups” in the Notes to the Group accounts. The purchase
price of € 15,974 million was financed through cash on our
balance sheet, bank loans and bonds. Following the issuance
of a hybrid bond (€ 1.5 billion) in December 2014, we issued
a further bond with a volume of US$ 4 billion in March 2015.
Lastly, in August 2015, we issued a euro bond amounting to
€ 2.1 billion. Moreover, credit lines totaling € 2.95 billion were
utilized for the purchase price payment. An overview of the
outstanding bonds can be found in Note [28] “Financial liabili-
ties/ Capital management” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

The composition and the development of net financial debt
were as follows:

MERCK GROUP
Net financial debt

Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 Change
illic € million € million in %

Bonds and commercial paper 9,851.4 4,624.2 5,227.2 113.0
Loans to banks 3,006.0 267.4 2,738.6 =
Liabilities to related parties 577.8 501.4 76.4 15.2
Loans from third parties and other financial liabilities 89.2 84.5 47 5.6
Liabilities from derivatives (financial transactions) 183.7 153.0 30.7 20.1
Finance lease liabilities 4.8 6.5 -1.7  -26.2
Total financial liabilities 13,712.9 5,637.0 8,075.9 143.3

less

Cash and cash equivalents 832.2 2,878.5  -2,046.3 -71.1

Current financial assets 227.0 2,199.4 -1,972.4  -89.7
Net financial debt 12,653.7 559.1 12,094.6 -
MERCK GROUP
Reconciliation of net financial debt
€ million 2015
January 1 559.1
Currency translation ~737.2
Dividend payments to shareholders and to E. Merck! 567.8
Acquisitions* 13,482.3
Assumption of financial liabilities from Sigma-Aldrich 425.3
Payment from the disposal of assets held for sale* -86.0
Free cash flow -1,538.5
Other -19.1
December 31 12,653.7

+According to the consolidated cash flow statement.


--- Page 56 ---

YOO Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Thanks to the strong internal financing power of the Merck
Group, the increase in net financial debt in 2015 was signifi-
cantly lower than the cash outflow in connection with the
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich.

Merck

MERCK GROUP
Working capital

Change
€ million Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 in € million in %
Trade accounts receivable 9738.3 2,219.5 518.8 23.4
Receivables from royalties and licenses 11.5 16.1 =4.6 28.6
Inventories 2,619.8 1,659.7 960.1 57.8
Trade accounts payables =1,921.2 =1,539.4 381.8 24.8
Working capital 3,448.4 2,355.9 1,092.5 46.4

The increase in working capital was likewise due to the first-
time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich and to exchange rate
effects. Excluding these effects, working capital would have
been at the level of 2014.

Our equity increased by € 1,054 million, amounting to
€ 12,855 million on December 31, 2015 (December 31, 2014:
€ 11,801 million). This strong increase of 8.9% was mainly
driven by profit after tax generated in 2015 amounting to
€ 1,124 million and the development of currency translation
differences from the translation of assets held in foreign cur-
rencies into euros, the reporting currency. This was countered
by the reclassification of the Sigma-Aldrich purchase price

hedging gains, dividend payments, and the profit transfer to
E. Merck KG (see “Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income” and “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net
Equity” in the Consolidated Financial Statements). Owing to
the sharp increase in total assets, the equity ratio decreased
by 11.6 percentage points, amounting to 33.8% as of Decem-
ber 31, 2015 (December 31, 2014: 45.4%).

Free cash flow was € 1,539 million in 2015, which did not
meet the high level achieved in 2014. The composition and the
development of the relevant items are presented in the follow-
ing table:

MERCK GROUP
Free cash flow

Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
Cash flow from operating activities according to the cash flow statement 2,195.2 2,705.5 = 18.9
Payments for investments in intangible assets -179.1 -143.3 25.0
Payments from the disposal of intangible assets 27.4 2.4 -
Payments for investments in property, plant and equipment -513.9 -480.9 6.9
Payments from the disposal of property, plant and equipment 8.9 14.0 -36.3
Free cash flow 1,538.5 2,097.4 -26.6

Driven by the development of EBITDA pre exceptionals, busi-
ness free cash flow of the Merck Group rose in 2015 by 6.2%
to € 2,766 million (2014: € 2,605 million). The composition of
this financial indicator is presented under “Internal Manage-
ment System”.


--- Page 57 ---

Merck

The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual
quarters and the percentage changes in comparison with 2014
were as follows:

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 101

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow and change by quarter:

€ million /change in %

Qi Q2 Q3
2015 ——~ @eiss
2014 —~ @ary

% - } a oe t=]

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow by business sector - 2015

€ million/in %

29%
Performance Materials

930.8
50%
Healthcare
1,581.0
21%
Life Science
675.6

Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow by € -421 million due to
Corporate and other.

The investments in property, plant, equipment and software
included in the calculation of business free cash flow as well as
advance payments for intangible assets increased in 2015 by
15.4% to a total of € 609 million (2014: € 528 million). The
investments in property, plant and equipment included therein
amounted to € 564 million in 2015 (2014: € 485 million), of
which € 262 million was attributable to strategic investment
projects each with a project volume of more than € 2 million;
the remainder was attributable to smaller capital spending
projects.

In 2015, strategic investments of € 83 million were made
to expand the Darmstadt site. Of this amount, € 29 million was
used to upgrade global headquarters; the projects include an
Innovation Center, a Visitor Center and an employee cafeteria,
among other things. Moreover, in the Performance Materials
business sector, OLED production capacity was expanded with
an investment of € 13 million in order to better meet growing
demand. In the Healthcare business sector, € 8 million was
invested in a new laboratory research building.

The increase in Group business free cash flow in 2015 was
attributable to the two operating business sectors Life Science
and Performance Materials. Healthcare generated business
free cash flow amounting to € 1,581 million (2014: € 1,701 mil-
lion). Consequently, with a 50% share (2014: 60%) of Group
business free cash flow (excluding the decline of € -421 mil-
lion due to Corporate and Other), Healthcare was once again
the business sector with the highest cash flows. In 2015, the
Life Science business sector achieved a 61.2% increase in
business free cash flow to € 676 million (2014: € 419 million),
thus also increasing its share of Group business cash flow
to 21% (2014: 15%). Performance Materials contributed
€ 931 million (2014: € 700 million) to this Group financial indi-
cator, equivalent to 29% (2014: 25%).

Globally, strategic investments were made in the Healthcare
business sector. Special mention should be made of the pro-
duction facility in Nantong, China (€ 50 million), a new pro-
duction plant for the Allergy business in Reinbek, Germany
(€ 17 million), an expansion of the existing filling plant at the
Bari site in Italy (€ 18 million), and the construction of a new
packaging unit at the Aubonne site in Switzerland (€ 8 mil-
lion). Within the Life Science business sector, € 7 million was
invested in a new production unit in Spain.

In 2015, there were no changes to our long-term credit
ratings by the two rating agencies Moody’s and Standard &
Poor's. The latter continues to issue a rating of “A” with a neg-
ative outlook and Moody’s a “Baa1” rating with a negative out-
look. An overview of the development of our rating in recent
years is presented in the Report on Risks and Opportunities.


--- Page 58 ---

102 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

The development of key balance sheet figures was as follows:

MERCK GROUP
Key balance sheet figures

Review of forecast against actual business developments

in % Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011
Equity

Equity ratio 33.8 45.4 53.2 48.1 47.4
Total assets
Non-current assets.

Asset ratio 80.7 59.7 64.5 69.4 714
Total assets
Equity

Asset coverage 41.9 76.0 82.4 69.4 66.7
Non-current assets

; Current liabilities
Finance structure 37.3 46.5 40.0 40.6 37.5

Liabilities (total)

Overall assessment of business performance and
economic situation

We again achieved very good operational success with our
strong businesses in 2015. At the same time, we also realized
important strategic objectives concerning the long-term direc-
tion of the Group. Net sales grew by 13% to € 12,845 million
and EBITDA pre exceptionals, our key financial indicator to
assess operational performance, rose by 7.1% to € 3,630 mil-
lion. All our business sectors contributed to this success.

The successful acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in Novem-
ber 2015, through which our Life Science business sector has
become a leading supplier in the lucrative Life Science market,
was of major significance to us. We thus achieved an impor-
tant step in the implementation of our long-term strategy,
through which we want to secure future growth and profitability.
Additionally, we made progress with the further development

of our pharmaceutical pipeline in 2015. The operating busi-
ness of the Performance Materials business sector benefited
from the successful integration of AZ Electronic Materials.

The solid accounting and finance policy of the Merck Group
is again reflected by the very good key balance sheet figures.
The equity ratio as of December 31, 2015 was 33.8%, thus
remaining at a good level. As expected, net financial debt
rose massively owing to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. We
assume that our strong internal financing power will enable us
to quickly reduce our financial liabilities. This is underscored
by the unchanged long-term ratings from Moody's and Stand-
ard & Poor's. Against the backdrop of our solid net assets and
financial position as well as the earning strength of our busi-
nesses, we assess the economic position of the Merck Group
positively overall. It represents a superb starting basis for
future organic growth of the Group.


--- Page 59 ---

Healthcare Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 103
Healthcare
HEALTHCARE
Key figures
Change
€ million 2015 2014 in%
Net sales 6,933.8 6,620.5 4.7
Operating Result (EBIT) 1,096.7 1,106.4 -0.9
Margin (% of net sales)! 15.8 16.7
EBITDA 1,970.4 1,946.4 1.2
Margin (% of net sales)! 28.4 29.4
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,001.7 2,000.3 0.1
Margin (% of net sales)! 28.9 30.2
Business free cash flow 1,581.0 1,701.2 “7.1

‘The composition of net sales has changed, see “Information on segment reporting” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2015, our Healthcare business sector generated slight organic
sales growth of 1.6%. Including positive exchange rate effects
of 3.1%, net sales rose overall by 4.7% to € 6,934 million
(2014: € 6,621 million). Nearly all the franchises contributed
to the business sector’s organic growth. In 2015, the organic
increase in sales was driven in particular by products to treat
diabetes (Glucophage®), cardiovascular diseases (Concor®),
infertility (Gonal-f®), thyroid disorders (Euthyrox®), as well as
Neurobion®, a brand marketed by the Consumer Health busi-
ness. However, our two top-selling drugs Rebif® and Erbitux®
posted organic sales declines.

Commission income, which is also included in net sales, rose
to € 103 million in 2015 (2014: € 71 million). The agreement
reached with Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2013 on the co-promotion
of Glucophage® in China had a positive effect on commission
income in 2015.

The development of sales in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2014 as well as the respective organic growth
rates are presented in the following overview:

HEALTHCARE
Net sales and organic growth by quarter

€ million /organic growth in %

qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2015 —- @arg 1,737
2014 —- @E 1,717

% - fe) i —  ]

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 60 ---

10% Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

HEALTHCARE
Net sales by region - 2015
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector
6%

Middle East and Africa (MEA)
15%

Latin America 450.1
1,021.7

39%

Europe

2,729.4

19%
Asia-Pacific (APAC)

1,302.2
21%

North America

1,430.4

In North America, the second-largest region in terms of
sales, net sales amounted to € 1,430 million in 2015 (2014:
€ 1,292 million). This was due to an organic decline of - 6.1%,
offset by positive currency effects of 16.8%. Sales of Rebif®,
which increased to € 1,042 million (2014: € 971 million) owing
to currency effects, contributed significantly to the business
sector’s sales performance in North America. The share of
Healthcare sales attributable to this region thus rose by one
percentage point to 21% in 2015.

In the Asia-Pacific region, organic sales growth of 10.4%
was recorded in 2015. Including positive exchange rate effects
of 10.7%, sales thus rose to € 1,302 million (2014: € 1,075 mil-
lion). Organic growth was driven in particular by the Fertility
and CardioMetabolic Care franchises. This region’s share of the
business sector's net sales increased from 16% in 2014 to 19%
in 2015.

Healthcare

Europe, the Healthcare business sector’s largest region,
accounting for 39% of net sales (2014: 42%), recorded a
slight organic sales decline of -1.7%. Consequently, net sales
totaled € 2,729 million (2014: € 2,787 million). The good sales
performance by other franchises could not fully offset the
organic decline in sales of Rebif®, which was particularly due
to the difficult competitive environment.

Sales in Latin America amounted to € 1,022 million in 2015
(2014: € 1,059 million). This reflects an organic sales increase
of 8.4% and negative exchange rate effects of -11.8%.
Organic sales growth was mainly attributable to the develop-
ment of sales in the CardioMetabolic Care franchise and of
the Neurobion® brand. The negative currency effects mainly
stemmed from the translation of the Venezuelan bolivar into
the reporting currency, euros. In this connection, reference is
made to the explanations in Note [7] “Management judgments
and sources of estimation uncertainty” in the Notes to the
Group accounts. The contribution by the Latin America region
to net sales of the Healthcare business sector fell by one per-
centage point to 15%.

With net sales of € 450 million (2014: € 408 million), the
Middle East and Africa region recorded an organic sales increase
of 7.6%, mainly in the CardioMetabolic Care franchise. Positive
currency effects increased sales by 2.8%.

HEALTHCARE
Net sales components by region - 2015

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe “27294 04° =2.4
North America 1,430.4 -6.1 16.8 - 10.7
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 1,302.2 10.4 10.7 = 21.2
Latin America 1,021.7 8.4 11.8 - -3.5
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 450.1 7.6 2.8 - 10.5
Healthcare 6,933.8 1.6 3.1 - 47



--- Page 61 ---

Healthcare

Net sales and organic growth rates of the key products devel-
oped in 2015 as follows:

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 10S

HEALTHCARE
Product sales and organic growth

€ million /organic growth in %

2015
1,798
Rebif®
1,840
2014
899
Erbitux®
Gonal-f®
463
Concor®

Glucophage®

w
NI
@

‘
o
N N

31
Euthyrox®
296
278
Neurobion®
Saizen®

N
mA
N

2

Sales of Rebif®, which is used to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis, declined organically by -10.7% in 2015 due
to continued competitive pressure from oral formulations.
Amid currency tailwinds of 8.5%, Rebif® sales amounted to
€ 1,798 million (2014: € 1,840 million).

North America generated 58% of Rebif® sales (2014:
53%) and is the largest market for this product. Owing to the
strength of the U.S. dollar (currency effect: +16.7%), this
region reported a strong increase in Rebif® sales to € 1,042 mil-
lion (2014: € 971 million). Despite price increases in 2015,
sales declined organically by -9.4% compared with 2014 due
to the difficult market environment.

In Europe, which accounts for 34% of sales (2014: 38%)
and is the second-largest region for the product, sales of
Rebif® declined organically by -13.0% to € 605 million due to
competition (2014: € 698 million).

Together, the remaining regions Latin America, Middle East
and Africa, and Asia-Pacific accounted for an 8% share of sales
(2014: 9%).

At € 899 million, Group sales of the oncology drug Erbitux®
in 2015 were at the previous year’s level (2014: € 904 mil-
lion). The slight organic sales decline of -1.5% was partly off-
set by positive exchange rate effects of 0.9%.

In Europe, which accounted for 55% (2014: 56%) of
Erbitux® sales and is thus the top-selling region for this prod-
uct, sales declined organically by -1.4%, mainly owing to the
competitive situation and customary price decreases. Includ-
ing negative currency effects (-0.1%), sales amounted to
€ 496 million (2014: € 504 million).


--- Page 62 ---

16 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

The Asia-Pacific region, which contributed a 29% (2014: 27%)
share of Erbitux® sales, generated an increase in sales to
€ 265 million (2014: € 240 million). Both organic growth of
1.6% and currency tailwinds of 9.0% had a positive impact on
the development of sales.

In Latin America, the business sector generated net sales
of € 87 million with Erbitux® (2014: € 112 million). The overall

Healthcare

-22.2% decline in sales was mainly attributable to the nega-
tive currency effects in Venezuela and an organic sales decline
in Brazil. This region’s contribution to total Erbitux® sales thus
decreased to 10% (2014: 12%).

In the Middle East and Africa region, sales amounted to
€ 50 million and were thus slightly higher than in 2014.

HEALTHCARE

Product sales and organic growth of Rebif® and Erbitux® by region - 2015

Asia-Pacific Middle East and

Total Europe North America (APAC) Latin America Africa (MEA)

€ million 1,798.1 605.3 1,041.5 16.3 76.5 58.5

Rebif® Organic growth in % 10.7 ~13.0 -9.4 -9.0 -7.4 ~11.4
% of sales 100 34 58 1 4 3

€ million 898.7 496.4 - 265.2 87.3 49.8

Erbitux® Organic growth in % 1.5 -1.4 - 1.6 -10.0 1.1
% of sales 100 55 - 29 10 6

In 2015, the Healthcare business sector generated organic
sales growth of 3.7% with Gonal-f®, the leading recombinant
hormone used in the treatment of infertility. Including positive
currency effects, sales rose to € 685 million (2014: € 628 mil-
lion). Sales of this medicine showed the strongest growth in
the Asia-Pacific region. The other products in the Fertility fran-
chise also developed positively.

Sales by the Endocrinology franchise, which mainly con-
sists of products to treat metabolic and growth disorders,
amounted to € 461 million, thus considerably exceeding the
year-earlier figure of € 394 million. The reported sales increase
reflected good organic growth of 9.9% and a positive foreign
exchange impact of 7.2%. Sales of the growth hormone
Saizen®, the top-selling product of this franchise, saw an
organic increase of 6.7% and positive foreign exchange effects
of 3.4%. Consequently, sales amounted to € 261 million
(2014: € 237 million).

General Medicine (including CardioMetabolic Care), which
commercializes products to treat cardiovascular diseases
and diabetes, among other things, generated organic sales
growth of 7.4%. Including negative foreign exchange effects
of -1.2%, mainly in Venezuela, sales amounted to € 1,849 mil-
lion (2014: € 1,742 million).

Glucophage®, which is used for the treatment of diabetes,
also delivered a strong organic sales increase of 20.0%.
Including negative foreign exchange effects, sales climbed to
€ 437 million (2014: € 378 million). Organic sales growth was
mainly achieved in Europe and the Middle East and Africa
region.

In 2015, the Consumer Health business delivered a very
strong organic increase of 10.2% with sales of over-the-counter
pharmaceuticals. Including negative exchange rate effects of
-1.4%, sales amounted to € 833 million (2014: € 766 million).
Organic sales growth was mainly generated in Latin America.
Here, the growth rate was 11.6% and was especially bolstered
by demand for the strategic brands Neurobion® and Dolo-
Neurobion®, as well as local brands.


--- Page 63 ---

Healthcare Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 107
The results of operations developed as follows:
HEALTHCARE
Result of operations?
Change

€ million 2015 in% 2014 in% € million in %
Net sales 6,933.8 “To0.0 6,620.5 100.0 313.3 4.7
Cost of sales 1,442.4 -20.8 1,370.5 -20.7 71.9 5.3

(of which: amortization of intangible assets) (-0.9) (5) (-0.9) (5)
Gross profit 5,491.4 79.2 5,250.0 79.3 241.4 4.6
Marketing and selling expenses -2,801.3 -40.4 =2,550.8 -38.5 =250.5 9.8

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-565.8) (-555.4) (-10.4) (1.9)
Administration expenses - 259.4 -3.7 - 246.9 -3.7 12.5 5.1
Research and development costs 1,310.1 -18.9 1,366.0 -20.6 55.9 -4.1

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-1.5) (-1.0) (-0.5) (50.0)
Other operating expenses and income -23.9 -0.3 20.1 0.3 -44.0 -
Operating result (EBIT) 1,096.7. 15.8 1,106.4 16.7 -9.7 -0.9
Depreciation /amortization/impairment losses/
reversals of impairment losses 873.7 12.6 840.0 12.7 33.7 4.0

(of which: exceptionals) (90.3) (4.7) (85.6) =
EBITDA 1,970.4 28.4 1,946.4 29.4 24.0 1.2
Restructuring costs 30.4 51.5 21.1 -40.8
Integration costs/IT costs 0.9 2.4 1.5 -61.6
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses - - - -
Acquisition-related exceptionals - - - -
Other exceptionals - - - -
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,001.7. 28.9 2,000.3 30.2 1.4 0.1

‘The reporting structure has changed, see “Information on segment reporting” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

2 Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

Gross profit of the Healthcare business sector rose by
€ 241 million to € 5,491 million (2014: € 5,250 million),
resulting in a gross margin of 79.2% (2014: 79.3%). Due to
ongoing investments in growth markets as well as currency
effects, marketing and selling expenses were higher in 2015
than in 2014.

The business sector’s research spending ratio decreased to
18.9% (2014: 20.6%). The decline in research and develop-
ment costs was mainly due to one-time effects in connection
with the discontinuation of clinical development projects that
had increased research and development costs in 2014.

The development of other operating expenses and income
(net) in 2015 was mainly due to one-time effects in 2014. On
the one hand, the adjustment of provisions for litigation fol-

lowing the settlement with Israel Bio-Engineering Project Lim-
ited Partnership (IBEP) led to higher income in 2014 whereas,
on the other hand, the discontinuation of the aforementioned
clinical development projects led to impairments of intangible
assets. In 2015, income generated in connection with the
alliance entered into with Pfizer in 2014 to co-develop and
co-commercialize active ingredients in immuno-oncology had
a positive impact.

After adjusting for depreciation, amortization and excep-
tionals, EBITDA pre exceptionals, the key financial indicator
used to steer operating business, amounted to € 2,002 million
(2014: € 2,000 million), which was thus at the previous year’s
level. The EBITDA margin pre exceptionals declined to 28.9%
(2014: 30.2%).


--- Page 64 ---

OB Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position Healthcare

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the following
overview:

HEALTHCARE
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quartert

€ million /change in %

Qu Q2 Q3 Q4
2015 @ia5 524

2014 —- @yge

% } as oo }

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow year's level of € 1,701 million. The decline of € 120 million was
In 2015, business free cash flow of the Healthcare business —_ mainly due to higher investments and the high amount of cap-

sector amounted to € 1,581 million, falling short of the previous __ ital tied up in receivables.

HEALTHCARE
Business free cash flow

Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 9,001.7 2,000.3 0.1
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software
as well as advance payments for intangible assets -289.1 ~240.0 20.4
Changes in inventories -26.7 -42.4 -37.0
Changes in trade accounts receivables as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -104.9 -16.7 -
Business free cash flow 1,581.0 1,701.2 -7.1

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the following
overview:

HEALTHCARE
Business free cash flow and change by quarter*

€ million /change in %

qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2015 —— @Ata 438
2014 —— ela 441

% } oo oo °}

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 65 ---

Life Science

Life Science

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 109

LIFE SCIENCE

Key figures
Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
Net sales 3,355.3 2,682.5 25.1
Operating Result (EBIT) 300.8 289.2 4.0
Margin (% of net sales)* 9.0 10.8
EBITDA 674.3 598.9 12.6
Margin (% of net sales)* 20.1 22.3
EBITDA pre exceptionals 856.1 658.6 30.0
Margin (% of net sales)* 25.5 24.6
Business free cash flow 675.6 419.0 61.2

‘The composition of net sales has changed, see “Information on segment reporting” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Development of sales and results of operations

2015 was another successful year for our Life Science busi-
ness sector. Net sales grew by 25.1% to € 3,355 million (2014:
€ 2,682 million), stemming from strong organic growth of
6.5%; positive exchange rate effects of 8.4% primarily related
to the development of the U.S. dollar; and 10.2% from acqui-
sitions and divestments.

All three business areas contributed to the organic growth
of the Life Science business sector in 2015. In particular, Pro-
cess Solutions generated double-digit organic sales growth of
11.6% owing to price increases and higher sales volumes. Lab
Solutions continued to perform well, posting organic growth of

3.1%. The Bioscience business area, which provides products
and services to support life science research for pharma-
ceutical, biotechnological and academic research laboratories,
reported an organic increase of 0.7%.

During the period from November 18, 2015 to Decem-
ber 31, 2015, Sigma-Aldrich contributed sales of € 279 mil-
lion. This was slightly lowered by the divestment of the Dis-
covery and Development Solutions business field in the first
quarter of 2014.

The development of net sales in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2014 as well as the respective organic growth
rates are presented in the following overview:

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales and organic growth by quarter

€ million /organic growth in %

Qu a2 Q3
2015 —~ Qe:
2014 ——- @aey/

1,085

706

% - } — oo ts]

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 66 ---

NO Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales by region - 2015
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector
1%

ex Middle East and Africa (MEA)

Latin America 54.7

203.3 35%
E

25% Urope

Asia-Pacific (APAC) 1,167.8

831.1

33%
North America

1,098.4

In North America, Life Science achieved organic growth of 8.5%,
which was driven by the Process Solutions business area and its
products for biopharmaceutical manufacturing processes, with
contributions from Lab Solutions and Bioscience as well. Sales
in North America rose to € 1,098 million (2014: € 725 million).
This region’s share of Life Science sales thus increased from
27% in 2014 to 33% in 2015.

The Asia-Pacific region continued to perform well, delivering
organic growth of 5.5%. Sales rose sharply particularly in major
Asian countries such as China, India, Singapore, and South
Korea. Sales increased to € 831 million (2014: € 681 million),
which represents 25% (2014: 25%) of Life Science net sales.

Life Science

Compared with 2014, the geographic breakdown of Life
Science sales changed as a result of different regional growth
trends and the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.

Europe remained the business sector’s largest geographic
market, generating sales of € 1,168 million (2014: € 1,036 mil-
lion), or 35% of Life Science sales (2014: 39%). The organic
sales increase of 5.6% in this region was mainly attributable
to the Process Solutions business area.

Sales developed very well in the Latin America region, which
grew organically by 7.8%. The organic sales development was
fueled by good demand for Process Solutions and Lab Solutions
products. Latin America’s share of Life Science sales slightly
decreased to 6% (2014: 7%).

In the Middle East and Africa region, sales showed moder-
ate organic growth of 3.1%, representing 1% (2014: 2%) of
Life Science net sales.

Sales attributable to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition had a
positive impact across all regions, particularly in North America.

Lastly, exchange rate effects boosted sales in all regions
with the exception of Latin America, where currency head-
winds of -3.4% partly offset the increases stemming from
organic growth and acquisitions.

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales components by region - 2015

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million /change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 1167.8 5.6 L7 5.4 12.7
North America 1,098.4 8.5 19.8 23.2 51.5
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 831.1 55 10.4 6.1 22.4
Latin America 203.3 7.8 =3.4 25 6.9
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 54.7 34 0.3 53 87
Life Science 3,355.3 65 BA 10.2 25.4

The Process Solutions business area, which markets products
and services for the entire pharmaceutical production value
chain, generated organic sales growth of 11.6%, which was
the highest rate within the Life Science business sector. Includ-
ing a positive foreign exchange effect of 9.8% and the 0.5%
decrease in sales due to the divestment of the Drug Discovery
Solutions business field in the first quarter of 2014, sales
amounted to € 1,430 million in 2015 (2014': € 1,183 million).
Process Solutions thus accounted for 43% of Life Science net
sales (2014: 44%). The increase was driven by higher demand
for products used in biopharmaceutical production, especially
in the United States, western Europe, and a few Asian countries,

Previous year's figures have been adjusted owing to an internal reorganization.

as well as by the very positive development of sales to the
pharmaceutical industry in 2015.

Lab Solutions, which accounted for a 36% (2014: 41%)
share of Life Science net sales, delivered healthy organic sales
growth of 3.1% with its broad range of products for research-
ers and scientific laboratories. Organic growth was mainly
driven by higher demand for biomonitoring solutions, particu-
larly from customers in the pharmaceutical industry, as well as
for Lab Water products and by price increases across the port-
folio. Including positive exchange rate effects of 6.2%, sales
amounted to € 1,196 million (2014!: € 1,094 million).


--- Page 67 ---

Life Science

The Bioscience business area recorded a slight organic increase
of 0.7%. Including a positive foreign exchange effect of 10.4%,
sales amounted to € 450 million (2014!: € 405 million). This
growth was primarily driven by a recovery in demand in the
United States and good sales performance of Separation &
Preparation products, as well as hardware demand in Molecular

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales components by business area - 2015

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 1

Cell Biology. The share of sales accounted for by Bioscience in
2015 was 13% (2014: 15%).

The first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich on Novem-
ber 18 boosted Life Science sales by € 279 million, accounting
for 8% of the business sector's net sales.

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Bioscience 450.3 0.7 10.4 OO 11.1
Lab Solutions 1,196.3 3.1 6.2 - 9.3
Process Solutions 1,429.7 11.6 9.8 -0.5 20.9
Sigma-Aldrich 279.0 - - - -
The results of operations developed as follows:
LIFE SCIENCE
Result of operations?
Change
€ million 2015 in% 2014 in% € million in %
Net sales 3,355.3 {00.0 2,682.5 100.0 672.8 25.1
Cost of sales 1,482.8 -44.2 -1,168.7. -43.6 -314.1 26.9
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-50.7) (-47.6) (-3.1) (6.6)
Gross profit 1,872.5 55.8 1,513.8 56.4 358.7 23.7
Marketing and selling expenses 1,038.5 -31.0 -859.8  -32.1 -178.7 20.8
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-197.2) (-151.8) (-45.4) (29.9)
Administration expenses 7151.1 -4.5 -110.4 -4.1 -40.7 36.9
Research and development costs -197.5 -5.9 162.6 6.1 34.9 21.4
(of which: amortization of intangible assets) (-0.5) (5) (-0.5) -)
Other operating expenses and income -184.6 -5.5 -91.8 -3.4 -92.8 101.1
Operating result (EBIT) 300.8 9.0 289.2 10.8 11.6 4.0
Depreciation /amortization/impairment losses/
reversals of impairment losses 373.5 11.1 309.7 11.5 63.8 20.6
(of which: exceptionals) (0.6) (S) (0.6) (5)
EBITDA 674.3 20.1 598.9 22.3 75.4 12.6
Restructuring costs 6.8 11.9 -5.1  -43.0
Integration costs/IT costs 43.0 31.6 11.4 35.9
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses - -0.4 0.4 -
Acquisition-related exceptionals 132.0 16.6 115.4 -
Other exceptionals - - - -
EBITDA pre exceptionals 856.1 25.5 658.6 24.6 197.5 30.0

*Previous year's figures have been adjusted owing to an internal reorganization

2The reporting structure has changed, see “Information on segment reporting" in the Notes to the Group accounts.

* Excluding amortization of software either produced in-house or purchased individually.


--- Page 68 ---

N2_ Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Gross profit amounted to € 1,872 million (2014: € 1,514 mil-
lion), equivalent to an increase of 23.7%. This very strong
increase was driven by a manufacturing site optimization pro-
gram, a price increase initiative and a favorable product mix.
This development was also positively impacted by exchange
rate effects and the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.

In addition to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition, Life Science
continued to execute its growth strategy by investing in com-
mercial operations and developing new products. Marketing
and selling expenses increased by 20.8% to € 1,038 million
(2014: € 860 million) while R&D expenses grew by 21.4%.
Part of this increase was also driven by the stronger U.S. dollar
since a significant portion of our Life Science operations is
located in the United States. Other operating expenses and
income increased significantly to € 185 million (2014: € 92 mil-
lion) due to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition, integration costs
and restructuring activities.

LIFE SCIENCE
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quartert

€ million /change in %

qi Q2
2015 —— @E

2014 —~ @eiy

Life Science

After eliminating depreciation and amortization, EBITDA rose
by 12.6% to € 674 million (2014: € 599 million).

Adjusted for exceptionals, EBITDA pre exceptionals rose
by 30.0% to € 856 million, or 25.5% of net sales (2014:
€ 659 million, 24.6% of net sales). Consequently, the key
financial indicator rose more sharply than sales (+ 25.1%)
thanks to the execution of efficiency initiatives, leveraging of
Life Science capabilities and competencies, and the Sigma-
Aldrich acquisition. The improvement in the EBITDA margin
pre exceptionals reflects strong organic sales growth, a favora-
ble product mix, exchange rate effects, and strict cost control.

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the
following overview:

% } a - +]

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2015, business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector rose by 61% or € 257 million to € 676 million. This very
strong increase was primarily due to the positive development
of EBITDA pre exceptionals.

LIFE SCIENCE
Business free cash flow

Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 856.1 658.6 30.0
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software
as well as advance payments for intangible assets -149.9 -141.0 6.3
Changes in inventories -850.1 = 44.2 -
Changes in trade accounts receivables as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -375.4 -54.4 -
Adjustments first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich 1,194.8 - -
Business free cash flow 675.6 419.0 61.2



--- Page 69 ---

Life Science Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report NS

The development of business free cash flow items in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the
following overview:

LIFE SCIENCE
Business free cash flow and change by quarter:

€ million / change in %

Qt 2 Q3 a4
2015 ——~ @xj 238
2014 —— -~@ 131

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.



--- Page 70 ---

14 Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Performance Materials

Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

Key figures
Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
Net sales* 2,555.6 2,059.8 24.1
Operating Result (EBIT) 878.0 611.5 43.6
Margin (% of net sales)! 34.4 29.7
EBITDA 1,120.4 803.6 39.4
Margin (% of net sales)" 43.8 39.0
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,132.1 894.8 26.5
Margin (% of net sales) 44.3 43.4
Business free cash flow 930.8 699.6 33.0

‘The composition of net sales has changed, see “Information on segment reporting” in

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2015, net sales of the Performance Materials business sec-
tor grew by 24.1% to € 2,556 million (2014: € 2,060 million).
This double-digit sales increase was mainly due to the signifi-
cantly positive currency effect of 13.1%, stemming primarily
from the strong U.S. dollar, the leading transaction currency in
the Performance Materials business. Revenues from acquired
businesses also contributed considerably to the strong sales
growth (+10.4%). These acquisition-related sales effects
were largely attributable to AZ Electronic Materials (AZ),
acquired in May 2014. In addition, the first-time consolida-
tion of the SAFC Hitech business of Sigma-Aldrich acquired in
November 2015 contributed around € 10 million to the sales
increase in the Performance Materials business sector. Organ-
ically, sales were at the previous year’s level (+0.6%), based
on stable business performance, to which all business units
contributed.

The Display Materials business unit, which was established
at the beginning of 2015 and consists of Merck’s liquid crystals
business and the business with the complementary display
materials from the acquisition of AZ, represents more than
60% of the net sales of Performance Materials. In 2015, this
business unit recorded a slight organic sales decline, however

the Notes to the Group accounts.

it solidified its global market leadership position. The doubling
of the business with the energy-saving UB-FFS technology
could not fully compensate for the accelerated decline in
volumes of the mature LC technology TN-TFT. The leading
active-matrix technologies PS-VA and IPS generated stable
sales.

For the Pigments & Functional Materials business unit,
2015 was a stable year with sales at the previous year’s level.
In contrast to the continuing success story of the high-quality
Xirallic® pigments for automotive coatings, a comparatively
sharp decline in sales was recorded for Iriodin® pigments used
in plastics and printing applications.

The Integrated Circuit Materials (ICM) business unit
includes the former AZ business with materials used to manu-
facture integrated circuits and the SAFC Hitech business of
Sigma-Aldrich acquired in November 2015. The business unit
recorded a slight organic sales increase - mainly fueled by
strong growth of the business with dielectric materials for chip
manufacture.

The Advanced Technologies business unit achieved the
highest growth rates within the Performance Materials busi-
ness sector. Special mention should be made of the dynamic
development of the OLED materials business.


--- Page 71 ---

Performance Materials

The development of net sales in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2014 as well as the respective organic growth
rates are presented in the following overview:

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 0S

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales and organic growth by quarter

€ million /organic growth in %

qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2015 ——~ @3m, 642
2014 —~ ily 576

% - } ~ a }

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales by region - 2015

€ million/% of net sales of the business sector

0%
Middle East and Africa (MEA)

8.1

2%
Latin America

40.4

8%
Europe

205.5

8%
North America

82% 194.1

Asia-Pacific (APAC)
2,107.5

In Europe, Performance Materials generated net sales of
€ 206 million (2014: € 193 million). The rise in sales was
mainly attributable to acquisition-related effects due to the
first-time consolidation of AZ on May 2, 2014. Organically,
sales declined slightly in 2015, mainly as a result of weaker
demand for cosmetic actives as well as pigments for plastics
and printing applications.

In North America, due to acquisition and exchange rate
effects, net sales climbed to € 194 million (2014: € 135 mil-
lion). Organically, regional sales decreased by -2.2%. This

Accounting for a stable 82% share, the Asia-Pacific region
again generated the vast majority of the business sector’s net
sales. This is attributable to the concentration of customers for
display and integrated circuit materials in Asia. In this region,
the business sector achieved significant sales growth of
24.9%, mainly due to acquisition and currency effects. Organ-
ically, sales were stable (+ 0.8%); however, increases in OLED
and dielectric IC materials were almost canceled out by
declines in the Display Materials business unit. This led to net
sales of € 2,107 million (2014: € 1,688 million), underscoring
the sustainable strength of the Performance Materials busi-
ness sector in the strategically important Asia-Pacific region.

was mainly attributable to the weaker demand in Pigments &
Functional Materials, particularly pigments for plastics and
printing applications.

Since they account for a low proportion of sales, the two
regions Latin America and Middle East and Africa (MEA) only
played a subordinate role. Latin America recorded double-
digit organic growth, albeit a low level of net sales. Organic
growth was generated by strong increases in the Pigments &
Functional Materials business unit.


--- Page 72 ---

NG Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position

Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales components by region - 2015

Exchange rate

Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 205.5 rr 0.5 7.6 6.5
North America 194.1 -2.2 18.1 28.0 43.9
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 2,107.5 0.8 14.6 9.5 24.9
Latin America 40.4 20.7 -10.1 0.6 11.1
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 8.1 -10.0 2.2 10.4 2.6
Performance Materials 2,555.6 0.6 13.1 10.4 24.1
The results of operations developed as follows:
PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Result of operations?
Change
€ million 2015 in% 2014 in% € million in %
Net sales 9555.6 “To0.0 2,059.8 100.0 495.8 24.1
Cost of sales 1,151.4 -45.1 -983.2  -47.7 -168.2 17.1
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-114.9) (-46.4) (-68.5) (147.8)
Gross profit 1,404.2 54.9 1,076.6 52.3 327.6 30.4
Marketing and selling expenses - 207.8 8.1 -178.8 -8.7 -29.0 16.2
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-16.0) (-11.7) (-4.3) (36.4)
Administration expenses -63.1 -2.5 56.1 -2.7 -7.0 12.6
Research and development costs -197.0 -7.7 -170.6 -8.3 26.4 15.4
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-0.7) (-2.8) (2.1) (-76.4)
Other operating expenses and income -58.3 -2.3 -59.6 -2.9 1.3 -2.3
Operating result (EBIT) 878.0 34.4 611.5 29.7 266.5 43.6
Depreciation / amortization /impairment losses/
reversals of impairment losses 242.4 9.5 192.1 9.3 50.3 26.2
(of which: exceptionals) (5) (5) (S) ~-)
EBITDA 1,120.4 43.8 803.6 39.0 316.8 39.4
Restructuring costs 1.8 6.0 -4.2 -70.3
Integration costs/IT costs 15.0 12.2 2.8 24.4
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses -5.8 4.6 -10.4 -
Acquisition-related exceptionals 0.7 68.4 -67.7 -99.0
Other exceptionals - - - -
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,132.1 44.3 894.8 43.4 237.3 26.5

‘The reporting structure has changed, see “Information on segment reporting” in the Notes to the Group accounts.
? Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.


--- Page 73 ---

Performance Materials

The increase in gross profit was attributable to favorable
exchange rate effects and good business performance. In
addition, the AZ Electronic Materials business acquired in
May 2014 and the SAFC Hitech business from the Sigma-
Aldrich acquisition in November 2015 contributed to the
improvement in gross profit. Within the scope of the first-time
consolidation, in 2014 the acquired AZ inventories were
stepped up to fair values and recognized as an expense in cost
of sales. Overall, this resulted in an increase in the gross mar-
gin in 2015 to 54.9% (2014: 52.3%). The operating result

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 07

(EBIT) rose by € 267 million to € 878 million in 2015
(2014: € 611 million). Consequently, both good operating
business performance and positive exchange rate effects
increased EBITDA pre exceptionals by 26.5% to € 1,132 mil-
lion (2014: € 895 million). The EBITDA margin pre exception-
als improved to 44.3% in 2015 (2014: 43.4%).

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the
following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quarter?

€ million / change in %

qi Q2
2015 ——~ ~@yz

2014 —~ @EG

239

% - t=] ~ a }

+ Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2015, the Performance Materials business sector generated
business free cash flow of € 931 million, which represents a
significant year-on-year increase of € 231 million (2014:
€ 700 million). This was mainly attributable to the strong
improvement in EBITDA pre exceptionals.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Business free cash flow

Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 7132.1 894.8 26.5
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software
as well as advance payments for intangible assets -109.4 -97.6 12.1
Changes in inventories -83.2 -98.8 -15.8
Changes in trade accounts receivable and receivables from royalties and licenses -33.6 -143.4 -76.5
Adjustments first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials - 144.6 -
Adjustments first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich 24.9 - -
Business free cash flow 930.8 699.6 33.0



--- Page 74 ---

NB Combined Management Report Report on Economic Position Performance Materials

The development of business free cash flow items in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2014 is presented in the
following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Business free cash flow and change by quarter?

€ million /change in %

qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2015 @iy 214
2014 —— @iS 188

% } co a }

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 75 ---

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses
for Group functions that cannot be directly allocated to the busi-
ness sectors, such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Commu-
nications, and Human Resources. Corporate costs additionally

Report on Economic Position Combined Management Report 1S

encompass expenses for central, non-allocated IT functions,
including expenses related to the expansion and harmonization
of IT systems within the Merck Group.

CORPORATE AND OTHER

Key figures

Change
€ million 2015 2014 in %
Operating result (EBIT) -432.3 = 245.1 76.3
EBITDA -411.0 -226.0 81.8
EBITDA pre exceptionals -360.1 -166.0 116.9
Business free cash flow -421.2 -214.7 96.2

In 2015, administration expenses reported under Corporate
and Other amounted to € 246 million (2014: € 195 million).
Other operating expenses (net) rose to € -180 million
(2014: € -42 million). This was due primarily to the develop-
ment of the foreign currency result from operating activities.
Whereas foreign currency gains of € 53 million were reported
in 2014, a loss of € -72 million was incurred in 2015. Taking

these effects into account, in 2015 EBIT amounted to
€ -432 million (2014: € -245 million) and EBITDA was
€ -411 million (2014: € -226 million). Adjusted for one-
time effects, EBITDA pre exceptionals totaled € - 360 mil-
lion (2014: € -166 million). This had a significant impact on
the development of business free cash flow, which dropped to
€ -421 million in 2015 (2014: € -215 million).


--- Page 76 ---

120 Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

REPORT ON RISKS AND

Risks and opportunities are inherent to entrepreneurial activity.
We have put systems and processes in place to identify risks
at an early stage and to counteract them by taking appropriate
action. Within the company, opportunity management is an
integral component of internal decision-making processes such
as short- and medium-term operational planning and intra-year
business plans.

Risk and opportunity management

Merck is part of a complex, global business world and is there-
fore exposed to a multitude of external and internal influences.
Every business decision is therefore based on the associated
risks and opportunities.

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as possible
future events or developments that could lead to a negative
deviation from our (financial) targets. In parallel, opportuni-
ties are defined as possible events or developments that imply
a positive deviation from our planned (financial) targets. Iden-
tified future events and expected developments are taken into
account in internal planning provided that it can be assumed
that their occurrence is likely in the planning period. The risks
and opportunities presented in the following risk and opportu-
nities report are those possible future events that could
respectively lead to a negative or positive deviation from the
topics covered by planning.

Risk management process

The objective of our risk management activities is to recognize,
assess and manage risks early on and to implement appropriate
measures to minimize them. The responsibilities, objectives
and processes of risk management are described in our internal
risk management guidelines. The business heads, managing
directors of Merck subsidiaries, and the heads of Group func-
tions are specified as employees with responsibility for risks.
The group of consolidated companies for risk reporting pur-
poses is the same as the group of consolidated companies for
the consolidated financial statements. Every six months, the
risk owners assess their risk status and report their risk port-
folio to Risk Management. We use special risk management
software in the context of these activities.

If risk-mitigating measures can be taken, their impact on
risk is also assessed. The residual risk after the implementation
of mitigation measures is presented in the internal risk report
as net risk. The planned timeframe for implementation and the
assumed mitigation effect are tracked by Group Risk Manage-
ment.

OPPORTUNITIES

Group Controlling & Risk Management forms the organizational
framework for risk management and reports directly to the
Group Chief Financial Officer. Group Risk Management uses the
information reported to determine the current risk portfolio for
the Merck Group, presenting this in a report to the Executive
Board, the Supervisory Board and the Finance Committee with
detailed explanations twice per year. Furthermore, significant
changes in the assessment of the risks already known and
new significant risks can be reported at any time and are com-
municated to the corporate bodies on an ad hoc basis.

In the standard process a lower limit for reporting risks
is set at a value of € 5 million and for the ad hoc process at
a value of € 25 million. Risks below these limits are steered
independently within the business sectors. The relevant time-
frame for internal risk reporting is five years. The effects of
risks described in this report on risks and opportunities are
presented as annual values. The assessment of the risks pre-
sented relates to December 31, 2015. There were no relevant
changes after the end of the reporting period that would have
necessitated an amended presentation of the risk situation
of the Group.

Within the scope of audits, Group Internal Auditing regu-
larly reviews the performance of risk management processes
within the units and, at the same time, the communication of
relevant risks from the operating businesses to Group Risk
Management.

Opportunity management process

The risk management system described concentrates on
business risks, and not on opportunities at the same time. The
opportunity management process is integrated into our internal
controlling processes and carried out in the operating units on
the basis of the Group strategy. The businesses analyze and
assess potential market opportunities as part of strategy and
planning processes. In this connection, investment opportuni-
ties are examined and prioritized primarily in terms of their
potential value proposition in order to ensure an effective allo-
cation of resources. We selectively invest in growth markets to
leverage the opportunities of dynamic development and cus-
tomer proximity at a local level.

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as
likely, they are incorporated into the business plans and the
short-term forecasts. Trends going beyond this or events that
could lead to a positive development in the net assets, financial
position and results of operations are presented in the following
report as opportunities. These could have a positive effect on
our medium-term prospects and lead to a positive deviation
from forecasts.


--- Page 77 ---

Risk and opportunity assessment
Risks

The significance of risks is calculated on the basis of their
possible negative impact on the forecast financial targets in

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE

Report on Risks and Opportunities Combined Management Report 12)

conjunction with the probability of occurrence of the respec-
tive risk. In line with these two factors, risks are classified as
“high”, “medium” or “low”.

The underlying scales for measuring these factors are
shown below:

Probability of occurrence Explanation
< 20% Unlikely
20-50% Possible
51-80% Likely
>80% Very likely
DEGREE OF IMPACT

Degree of impact Explanation

>€ 50 million

Critical negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

€ 20-50 million

Substantial negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

€5-<20 million

Moderate negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

<€5 million

Immaterial negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

The combination of the two factors results in the risk matrix
below, which shows the individual risks and their significance
to the Group.

RISK MATRIX

>€ 50 million Medium Medium High High
€ 20-50 million Medium Medium Medium High
€ 5-<20 million Low Medium Medium Medium
<€5 million Low Low Low Low
Impact ee OO

oo Probability of occurrence <20% 20-50% 51-80% > 80%

Opportunities

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business
environment. Marketing measures for operational planning are
usually quantified in relation to sales, EBITDA pre exceptionals
and business free cash flow. Net present value, internal rate of
return, the return on capital employed (ROCE), and the amor-

tization period of the investment are primarily used to assess
and prioritize investment opportunities. Similarly, scenarios are
frequently set up to simulate the influence of possible fluctua-
tions and changes in the respective factors on results. There is
no overarching, systematic classification of the probability of
occurrence and impact of opportunities.


--- Page 78 ---

122 Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

Internal control system for the Group
accounting process

The objective of the internal control system for the accounting
process is to implement controls that provide assurance that
the financial statements are prepared in compliance with the
relevant accounting laws and standards. It covers measures
designed to ensure the complete, correct and timely convey-
ance and presentation of information that is relevant for the
preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the
management report.

Key tools

The internal control system is geared to ensuring the accuracy
of the consolidated accounting process and the implementation
of internal controls for the preparation of compliant financial
statements with reasonable assurance. The Group Accounting
function centrally steers the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements of Merck KGaA as the parent company of
the Merck Group. This Group function defines the reporting
requirements that the Merck subsidiaries must meet as a min-
imum requirement. At the same time, this function steers and
monitors the scheduling and process-related requirements of
the consolidated financial statements. Group-wide accounting
guidelines form the basis for the preparation of the statutory
financial statements of the parent company and of the subsid-
iaries, which are reported to Group Accounting; the guidelines
are adapted in a timely manner to reflect changes in the finan-
cial regulatory environment and are updated in accordance
with internal reporting requirements. Intra-group transactions
are eliminated during the consolidation process. This gives rise
to the need for a mirrored entry at the corresponding subsidi-
aries that is monitored during the consolidation process.

Group Accounting also ensures the timely central manage-
ment of changes to the equity holding structure and corre-
spondingly adapts the Group’s scope of consolidation. The
individual companies have a local internal control system.
Where financial processes are handled by a Shared Service
Center, the internal control system of the Shared Service
Center is additionally applied. Both ensure that accounting
complies with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Stand-
ards) and with the Group accounting guidelines.

Group Accounting provides support to the local contacts
and ensures a consistently high quality of reporting throughout
the entire reporting process.

The accounting process is designed at all levels to ensure
a clearly defined segregation of duties and assignment of
responsibilities to the units involved in the accounting process
at all times within the scope of dual control.

For the assessment of balance sheet items, Group Account-
ing closely cooperates with Group Risk Management in order
to correctly present potential balance sheet risks. For special
issues, such as the measurement of intangible assets within
the scope of company acquisitions or pension obligations,
external experts are additionally involved where necessary.

For the Group accounting process, we use a standard SAP
software tool in most countries. Via a detailed authorization
concept to limit user rights on a need-to-have basis, and in
line with the principles of the separation of duties, the system
contains both single-entity reporting and the consolidated
financial statements.

The effectiveness of Merck’s internal control system with
regard to accounting and the compliance of financial reporting
by the individual companies is confirmed by both the local
managing director and the local chief financial officer when
they sign the single-entity reporting. All the structures and
processes described are subject to regular review by Group
Internal Auditing based on an annual audit plan set out by the
Executive Board. The results of these audits are dealt with by
the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and the Finance
Committee.

The internal control system at Merck makes it possible to
lower the risk of material misstatements in accounting to
a minimum. However, no internal control system - regardless
of its design - can entirely rule out a residual risk.

Business-related risks and
opportunities

Political and regulatory risks and opportu: S
As a global company, we face political and regulatory changes
in a large number of countries and markets.

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements regarding
drug pricing, reimbursement and approval

In the Healthcare business sector, the known trend towards
increasingly restrictive requirements in terms of drug pricing,
reimbursement and approval is continuing. These requirements
can negatively influence the profitability of our products, also
through market referencing between countries, and jeopardize
the success of market launches and new approvals. Close
communication with health and regulatory authorities serves
as a preventive measure to avert risks. The effects of corre-
sponding risks are taken into account as best possible in the
business sector's plans.

Risk of stricter regulations for the manufacture, testing
and marketing of products

Likewise, in our Life Science and Performance Materials
business sectors, we must adhere to a multitude of regulatory
specifications regarding the manufacture, testing and mar-
keting of many of our products. Specifically in the European
Union, we are subject to the European chemicals regulation
REACH. It demands comprehensive tests for chemical prod-
ucts. Moreover, the use of chemicals in production could be
restricted, which would make it impossible to continue manu-
facturing certain products. We are constantly pursuing
research and development in substance characterization and
the possible substitution of critical substances so as to reduce
the occurrence of this risk, and therefore view it as unlikely.


--- Page 79 ---

Nevertheless, it is classified as a medium risk given its critical
negative impact on the net assets, financial position and results
of operations.

Risk of destabilization of political systems and the
establishment of trade barriers

The destabilization of political systems as for example in
Ukraine and the Middle East and the possible establishment of
trade barriers as well as foreign exchange policy changes can
lead to declines in sales in certain countries and regions.
Diversification in terms of products, industries and regions
enables the mitigation of potential negative effects. The effects
of corresponding risks are taken into account to the best of
ability in the business plans for the countries and regions con-
cerned. In particular, our business can furthermore be affected
by macroeconomic developments in, for example, Venezuela,
Argentina, Brazil, Russia, and Greece. Corresponding sales
strategy measures have been introduced in these countries to
minimize the impact on business. Nevertheless, the remaining
possible net risk could have critical negative effects on the net
assets, financial position and results of operations and there-
fore we rate this as a medium risk.

Market risks and opportunities

Merck competes with numerous companies in the pharma-
ceutical, chemical and life science sectors. Rising competitive
pressure can have a significant impact on the quantities sold
and prices attainable for our products.

Opportunities due to the further development of the
Biosimilars business

Over the past three and a half years, we have moved forward
with the development of our own Biosimilars business with
a focus on the therapeutic areas of oncology and autoimmune
diseases. Apart from the development of our own active ingre-
dients, we entered into a partnership with Dr. Reddy’s Labora-
tories Ltd., Hyderabad, India, among others, to co-develop
a portfolio of biosimilars in oncology. Moreover, in 2014 we
established a partnership in the Brazilian market with Bionovis
SA, Barueri, Brazil to develop a portfolio of biosimilars. Signifi-
cant contributions to sales by the Biosimilars business unit are
not to be expected before the medium to long term. However,
the expenditure required for the development of this business
unit has already been taken into account in today’s planning.

Opportunities due to new technologies in the
manufacture of displays

We see opportunities in the medium- to long-term possibilities
of significant market growth of OLED applications in high-
quality display applications. We are building on more than ten
years of experience in manufacturing organic light-emitting
diode (OLED) materials as well as a strong portfolio of world-
wide patents in order to develop ultrapure and extremely
stable materials that are precisely tailored to customer
requirements. The development in the OLED market is being

Report on Risks and Opportunities Combined Management Report 123

driven by the diversification of applications for OLED displays.
OLED technology is an established alternative to LCDs in
small-area displays, for instance smartphones. However, owing
to technological advances, OLED technology is increasingly
being used in more and more large-area displays, such as
televisions. High-quality lighting applications, for example for
automobiles, offer further growth potential for OLEDs. In order
to make the mass production of large-area OLED displays
more efficient, we have been cooperating since the end of 2012
with Seiko Epson Corporation to enable printing processes for
OLED displays. To support the expected market growth, we
are investing around € 30 million in a new OLED production
unit at the Darmstadt site, where we will start manufacturing
ultra-high-purity OLED materials for applications in modern
displays and lighting systems as of summer 2016. We made
a further investment of around € 7 million to construct a new
OLED Application Center (OAC) in Korea, which was inaugu-
rated in May 2015. With the OAC, we are securing competitive
advantages since it enables us to better meet the needs of
Korean customers and to correspondingly shorten the time to
market launch.

Moreover, within the framework of partnerships with display
manufacturers, start-ups and universities, progress has been
made in the realization of shapeable displays. Through the
application of flexible organic electronics, an entirely glass-free
plastic LC display that is both bendable and extremely robust
has been developed.

Lastly, we fully acquired the Israeli company Qlight Nano-
tech Ltd., Tel Aviv, Israel in order to actively support techno-
logical advances in the display industry. This move is expected
to strengthen the further development of quantum materials
for display applications.

Opportunities due to new application possibilities for
liquid crystals

We are pursuing a strategy of leveraging our expertise as the
global market leader in liquid crystals in order to develop new
fields of application for innovative liquid crystal technologies,
e.g. liquid crystal windows (LCWs), mobile antennas or liquid
crystal displays (LCDs). With the acquisition of our long-standing
cooperation partner Peer+ B.V., we are further advancing the
development of the future-oriented market for LCWs. Thanks
to licrivision™ technology, LCWs create new architectural pos-
sibilities. Through progressive brightness control, they can for
example increase a building’s energy efficiency.

Antennas that can receive signals transmitted in the high
frequency range (e.g. Ka and Ku band) can also be realized
with the aid of corresponding liquid crystal mixtures. As a result,
mobile data exchange could improve significantly in a wide vari-
ety of fields of application. Since novel liquid crystal materials
for antennas are currently being developed, the market launch
of liquid crystal antennas could still take a few years. New
application opportunities for liquid crystals could have medium-
to long-term positive effects on the financial indicators of the
Performance Materials business sector.


--- Page 80 ---

124% Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

Opportunities from the launch of our new branding
In October 2015, we announced that we had relaunched our
branding and in this context presented our new visual appear-
ance and new logo to the public. Our new branding reflects our
transformation into a science and technology company while
at the same time ensuring that we operate uniformly as Merck
worldwide, with the exception of the United States and Canada.
Through this step, we will be uniformly and widely visible.
Due to the higher recognition and the brand strengthening we
are aiming for, potential new business opportunities could
arise. Moreover, stronger customer ties could have positive
effects on our business and financial results. However, since
the new brand must first be established, the effects on our
business will only be possible in the medium to long term.

Opportunities from leveraging the e-commerce and
distribution platform

With the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich we have gained access
to the leading life science e-commerce platform. Our cus-
tomers are already benefiting from an offering of more than
300,000 products including highly respected brands distrib-
uted via this e-commerce platform. Our goal is to expand this
platform and to continuously increase the number of products
available on it. Making ordering processes faster and more
convenient for our customers could lead to higher sales vol-
umes and enable us to reach new customers. If this opportunity
materializes, our net sales could increase faster than expected.

Risk due to increased competition and customer technol-
ogy changes

In the Healthcare business sector, both our biopharmaceutical
products and classic pharmaceutical business are exposed to
increased competition from rival products (in the form of bio-
similars and generics). In the Life Science and Performance
Materials business sectors, risks are posed not only by cyclical
business fluctuations but also, particularly with respect to
liquid crystals, by changes in the technologies used or customer
sourcing strategies. We use close customer relationships and
in-house further developments as well as precise market
analyses as mitigating measures. Overall, owing to its possible
occurrence with a critical negative impact, the market risk is
classified as a medium risk.

Risks and opportunities of research and development
For us, innovation is a major element of the Group strategy.
Research and development projects can experience delays,
expected budgets can be exceeded, or targets can remain
unmet. Research and development activities are of special
importance to the Healthcare business sector. In the course of
portfolio management, we regularly evaluate and, if necessary,
refocus research areas and all R&D pipeline projects.

Special mention should be made of the strategic alliance
formed in 2014 between our company and Pfizer Inc. as a
research and development opportunity in the Healthcare
business sector. By making the required investments jointly

and combining their strengths and expertise, Pfizer and we
will maximize the potential value of the research compound
MSB0010718C, an anti-PD-L1 antibody that we developed.
Owing to the relatively long cycles in active ingredient devel-
opment, we expect that positive effects of this alliance will be
reflected in the sales and profitability of the Healthcare busi-
ness sector in the medium to long term. By contrast, expenses
currently being incurred particularly in the research and
development units of our Healthcare business sector are
already reflected in the latest plans. The same applies to the
pro rata recognition of deferred income from Pfizer’s upfront
payment.

Risks of discontinuing development projects and regulatory
approval of developed medicines

Sometimes development projects are discontinued after high
levels of investment at a late phase of clinical development.
Decisions - such as those relating to the transition to the next
clinical phase - are taken with a view to minimizing risk. Fur-
thermore, there is the risk that the regulatory authorities
either do not grant or delay approval, which can have an
impact on earnings. Additionally, there is the danger that
undesirable side effects of a pharmaceutical product could
remain undetected until after approval or registration, which
could result in a restriction of approval or withdrawal from the
market. We are currently not aware of any risks beyond
general development risks that could significantly affect the
net assets, financial position and results of operations.

Risks and opportunities of product quality and
availability

Risk of a temporary ban on products / production facilities
or of non-registration of products due to non-compliance
with quality standards

We are required to comply with the highest standards of quality
in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products (Good Manufac-
turing Practice). In this regard we are subject to the supervision
of the regulatory authorities. Conditions imposed by national
regulatory authorities could result in a temporary ban on
products/ production facilities, and possibly affect new regis-
trations with the respective authority. We take the utmost
effort to ensure compliance with regulations, regularly perform
our own internal inspections and also carry out external audits.
Thanks to these quality assurance processes, the occurrence
of a risk is unlikely, however cannot be entirely ruled out.
Depending on the product concerned and the severity of the
objection, such a risk can have a critical negative impact on
the net assets, financial position and results of operations.
Therefore, we rate this as a medium risk.

Risks of dependency on suppliers

Quality controls along the entire value chain reduce the risks
related to product quality and availability. This starts with the
qualification of our suppliers. Quality controls also include


--- Page 81 ---

comprehensive quality requirements for raw materials, pur-
chased semi-finished products and plants. We are dependent
on individual suppliers of precursor products for some of our
main products. In the event that one of these suppliers curtails
or discontinues production, or supply is disrupted, this could
potentially have a critical impact on the business concerned.
With long-term strategic alliances for precursor products critical
to supply and price as well as alternative sourcing strategies,
we reduce the probability of occurrence of these risks and rate
them as unlikely. Overall, these are classified as medium risks.

Damage and product liability risks

Further risks include the risk of operational failures due to
force majeure, for example natural disasters such as floods or
earthquakes, which could lead to a substantial interruption or
restriction of business activities. Insofar as it is possible and
economical to do so, the Group limits its damage risks with
insurance coverage, the nature and extent of which is constantly
adapted to current requirements. Although the occurrence of
these risks is considered unlikely, an individual event could
have a critical negative effect on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations and is therefore classified as
a medium risk.

Companies in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries
are exposed to product liability risks in particular. Product
liability risks can lead to considerable claims for damages and
costs to avert damages. We have taken out the liability insur-
ance that is standard in the industry for such risks. However,
it could be that the insurance coverage available is insufficient
for individual cases. Although the occurrence of product liability
claims in excess of the existing insurance coverage is consid-
ered unlikely, individual cases could still have a critical negative
effect on the net assets, financial position and results of oper-
ations. We therefore rate a potential product liability risk as
a medium risk.

Report on Risks and Opportunities Combined Management Report 125

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage

Owing to our portfolio, we are exposed to a number of sector-
specific crime risks. This relates primarily to products, including
among other things, counterfeiting, illegal channeling, misuse as
well as all types of property crime, including attempts at these
crimes. Crime phenomena such as cybercrime and espionage
could equally affect our innovations or innovation abilities as
such.

To combat product-related crime, an internal coordination
network covering all functions and businesses (“Merck Anti-
Counterfeiting Operational Network”) was set up several years
ago. In addition, security measures are in use to protect
products against counterfeiting. Innovative technical security
solutions and defined preventive approaches are used to ward
off dangers relating to cybercrime and espionage. Measures
to prevent risks and to prosecute identified offenses are con-
ducted in all the relevant crime areas in close and trustworthy
cooperation with the responsible authorities.

The impact of these risks on business operations depends
on the respective individual case, product-specific factors, the
value chain, as well as on regional aspects in particular. Group
Security is responsible for the overall coordination of all meas-
ures in this area. Overall, the threat resulting from crime in
general is seen as being possible and is classified as a medium
risk.

Opportunities due to an expanding local presence in
high-growth markets

We continue to assume that in the coming years, the markets
of Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa will be of
above-average importance to the growth of all the business
sectors. In order to further use this potential for our businesses,
we have moved forward with several investment projects in
recent years. These include for example the construction of our
new OLED Application Center in Korea and a new production
facility for liquid crystals as well as the establishment of a new
Biopharma site in China. Moreover, we are strengthening our
activities in Africa through strategic investments as well as
geographic expansion in selected regions. The greater local
presence and customer proximity could give us a key com-
petitive edge and, in the medium to long term, offers the
opportunity for significant growth in sales and EBITDA pre
exceptionals.


--- Page 82 ---

126 Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

Financial risks and opportunities

As a corporate group that operates internationally and due to
our presence in the capital market, we are exposed to various
financial risks and opportunities. Above all, these are liquidity
and counterparty risks, financial market risks and opportu-
nities, risks of fluctuations in the market values of operational
tangible and intangible assets, as well as risks and opportu-
nities from pension obligations.

Risk and opportunity management in relation to the use
of financial instruments

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, we use an active
management strategy to reduce the effects of fluctuations in
exchange and interest rates. The management of financial
risks and opportunities by using derivatives in particular is
regulated by extensive guidelines. Speculation is prohibited.
Derivative transactions are subject to constant risk controls.
A strict separation of functions between trading, settlement
and control functions is ensured.

Liquidity risks
In order to ensure its continued existence, a company must be
able to fulfill its commitments from operating and financial
activities at all times. We therefore have a central Group-wide
liquidity management process to reduce potential liquidity
risks. Furthermore, we have a multi-currency revolving credit
facility of € 2 billion with a term of five years, which ensures
continuing solvency if any liquidity bottlenecks occur. As our
loan agreements do not contain any financial covenants, these
agreed lines of credit can be accessed even if Merck’s credit
rating should deteriorate. Additionally, we have a commercial
paper program with a maximum volume of € 2 billion as well
as a debt issuance program that forms the contractual basis
for the issue of bonds with a maximum volume of € 15 billion.
The acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich (US$ 17 billion) was
financed by cash on hand, diverse euro and U.S. dollar bonds,
as well as various bilateral loans and a syndicated credit line
with a bank consortium. The financing instruments are to be
successively repaid in the coming years. Overall, the liquidity
risk is rated as low.

Counterparty risks

Counterparty risks arise from the potential default by a partner
in connection with financial investments, loans and financing
commitments on the one hand and receivables in operating
business on the other.

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, we
review all positions relating to trading partners and their credit
ratings on a daily basis. We manage financial risks of default
by diversifying our financial positions and through the related
active management of our trading partners. Significant finan-
cial transactions involving credit risk are entered into with banks
and industrial companies that have a good credit rating. More-
over, our large banking syndicate - the multi-currency revolving
credit facility of € 2 billion was syndicated by 19 banks -—
reduces possible losses in the event of default.

The solvency and operational development of trading partners
is regularly reviewed as part of the management of opera-
tional counterparty risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed.
The volume of receivables of each customer is capped in line
with their credit ratings. Risk-mitigating measures, such as
credit insurance, are utilized as appropriate. Nevertheless,
defaults by isolated trading partners, even those with out-
standing credit ratings, cannot be entirely ruled out, although
rated as unlikely (further information can be found in “Credit
risks” under “Management of financial risks” in the Notes to
the Group accounts).

Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall
owing to the unlikely probability of occurrence with a potential
critical negative effect.

Financial market opportunities and risks

As a result of our international business activities and global
corporate structure, we are exposed to risks and opportunities
from fluctuations in exchange rates. These result from financial
transactions, operating receivables and liabilities, as well as
forecast future cash flows from sales and costs in foreign
currency. We use derivatives to manage and reduce the afore-
mentioned risks and opportunities (further information can be
found in “Derivative financial instruments” in the Notes to the
Group accounts). Due to their possible occurrence with a poten-
tially critical negative effect on the net assets, financial position
and results of operations, foreign exchange rate risks are
rated as medium risk.

Future refinancing and cash investments are exposed to
the risks and opportunities of interest rate fluctuations. These
are also managed and reduced using derivatives. Following
the issue of multiple fixed-interest financing instruments
within the context of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition, interest
rate risks have declined. They have a potentially moderate
negative impact, are considered unlikely and pose low risks
overall.

Risks of impairment of balance sheet items

The carrying amounts of individual balance sheet items are
subject to the risk of changing market and business conditions
and thus to changes in fair values as well. Necessary impair-
ments could have a significant negative non-cash impact on
earnings and affect the accounting ratios. This applies in par-
ticular to the high level of intangible assets including goodwill,
which mainly derive from the purchase price allocations made
in connection with past acquisitions (further information can
be found under “Intangible assets” in the Notes to the Group
accounts). All relevant risks were assessed during the prepa-
ration of the consolidated financial statements and taken into
account accordingly. We rate risks beyond this as low.

Risks and opportunities from pension obligations

We have commitments in connection with pension obligations.
The present value of defined benefit obligations can be signifi-
cantly increased or reduced by changes in the relevant valuation
parameters, for example the interest rate or future salary
increases. Pension obligations are regularly assessed as part of
annual actuarial reports. Some of these obligations are covered


--- Page 83 ---

by the pension provisions reported in the balance sheet, while
other obligations are funded by plan assets (further infor-
mation can be found under “Provisions for pensions and other
post-employment benefits” in the Notes to the Group accounts).
To the extent that pension obligations are covered by plan
assets consisting of interest-bearing securities, shares, real
estate, and other financial assets, decreasing or negative
returns on these assets can adversely affect the fair value of
plan assets and thus result in further additions to pension pro-
visions. By contrast, rising returns increase the value of plan
assets, thereby resulting in excess cover of plan liabilities. We
increase the opportunities of fluctuations in the market value
of plan assets on the one hand and reduce the risks on the
other by using a diversified investment strategy. The possible
risk due to pension obligations could have a moderate nega-
tive impact on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations, and is classified as a medium risk.

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Overview of rating development

S&P / Moody's

A2

Report on Risks and Opportunities Combined Management Report 127

Assessments by independent rating agencies

The capital market uses the assessments published by rating
agencies to help lenders assess the risks of a financial instru-
ment. We are currently rated by the agencies Standard & Poor’s
and Moody’s. While Standard & Poor’s issued a long-term rating
of A with a negative outlook, Moody’s issued a Baal rating
with a negative outlook. The latest drop in the Moody's rating
by one grade in 2014 as well as the negative outlook of both
rating agencies is due to the higher debt level following the
Sigma-Aldrich transaction. In line with market procedures, our
financing conditions are closely tied to our rating. The better
a rating, the more favorably we can generally raise funds on
the capital market or from banks.

sap

© Moody's

A3

BBB+/ Baal

BBB / Baa2

2003 2004 2005 2006 2007

2008

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015



--- Page 84 ---

128 Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

Legal risks

Generally, we strive to minimize and control our legal risks. To
this end, we have taken the necessary precautions to identify
threats and defend our rights where necessary.

Nevertheless, we are still exposed to litigation risks or legal
proceedings. In particular, these include risks in the areas of
product liability, competition and antitrust law, pharmaceutical
law, patent law, tax law, and environmental protection. As
a research-based company, we have a valuable portfolio of
industrial property rights, patents and brands that could
become the target of attacks and infringements. The outcome
of future proceedings or those currently pending is difficult to
foresee. Generally, due to long statutes of limitations or in
some cases the absence thereof, it is not possible to rule out
that we will face third-party claims arising from the same issue
despite the conclusion of legal proceedings. Court or official
rulings or settlements can lead to expenses with a significant
impact on our business and earnings.

Tax risks are reviewed regularly and systematically by
Group Tax. Corresponding standards and guidelines are used
in order to identify tax risks at an early stage as well as to
review, evaluate and correspondingly minimize them. Risk
reduction measures are coordinated by Group Tax together
with the subsidiaries abroad.

In our opinion, the lawsuits described below constitute the
most significant legal risks. This should not be seen as an
exhaustive list of all legal disputes currently ongoing.

Risks from product-related and patent law disputes
We are involved in a patent dispute in the United States with
Biogen IDEC Inc. (Massachusetts, USA) (“Biogen”). Biogen
claims that the sale of Rebif® in the United States infringes on
a Biogen patent. The disputed patent was granted to Biogen in
2009 in the United States. Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck
and other pharmaceutical companies for infringement of this
patent. Merck defended itself against all allegations and
brought a countersuit claiming that the patent was invalid and
not infringed on by our actions. A Markman hearing took
place in January 2012, however a decision has not yet been
announced. The parties are currently engaged in court-ordered
mediation proceedings that have not yet officially ended. It is
currently not clear when a first-instance decision will be made.
We have taken appropriate accounting measures. Given the
potential critical negative effects of the legal dispute on the
financial position in the event of a negative decision, we never-
theless classify this as a high risk.

In the Performance Materials business sector we have
negotiated with a competitor regarding potential patent
infringements. We maintain that the competitor’s patent

infringement assertion is invalid owing to relevant prior art
and have filed the corresponding nullity actions. The compet-
itor has meanwhile filed two patent infringement lawsuits.
We are prepared for a confrontation in this issue and have
taken appropriate measures. Nevertheless, a potentially critical
negative impact on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

Risks due to antitrust and other government
proceedings

Raptiva®: In December 2011, the federal state of Sdo Paulo
sued us for damages because of alleged collusion between
various pharmaceutical companies and an association of
patients suffering from psoriasis and vitiligo. This collusion is
alleged to have been intended to increase sales of the medi-
cines from the companies involved to the detriment of patients
and state coffers. Moreover, patients are also suing for dam-
ages in connection with the product Raptiva®. We have taken
appropriate accounting measures for these issues. Risks in
excess of this with a substantial negative effect on the net
assets, financial position and results of operations cannot be
ruled out, but are considered unlikely. This is rated as a medium
risk.

In one jurisdiction, we are subject to a government inves-
tigation regarding compliance with foreign exchange transfer
restrictions. In this connection, the responsible authorities are
investigating whether import prices led to impermissibly high
foreign exchange transfers. Appropriate accounting measures
have been taken for repayments and fines that are estimated to
be probable due to the uncertain legal situation in the affected
country. We classify this as a medium risk since a substantial
negative impact on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

Risks from drug pricing by the divested Generics Group
Paroxetine: In connection with the divested generics busi-
ness, we are subject to antitrust investigations by the British
Competition and Market Authority (CMA) in the United Kingdom.
In March 2013, the authorities informed us of the assumption
that a settlement agreement entered into in 2002 between
Generics (UK) Ltd. and several GlaxoSmithKline companies in
connection with the antidepressant drug paroxetine violates
British and European competition law. Merck, the then owner of
Generics (UK) Ltd., was allegedly involved in the negotiations
for the settlement agreement and is therefore liable. The
investigations into Generics (UK) Ltd. started in 2011, without
this being known to us. On February 11, 2016, the CMA
imposed a fine in this matter. We intend to take legal action
against this decision and have taken appropriate accounting
measures. Given the latest decision, we classify this as a
medium risk with a moderate negative impact on the financial
position.



--- Page 85 ---

Human resources risks

Our future growth is highly dependent on our innovative
strength. Therefore, the expertise and engagement of employ-
ees in all sectors in which we operate are crucial to the success
of the company.

The markets relevant to the company are characterized
by intensive competition for qualified specialists and by demo-
graphic challenges. Fluctuation risks specific to countries and
industries have to be identified ahead of time and specifically
addressed in order to keep the skills and expertise critical to
success and business within the company.

Recruiting and retaining specialists and talent is therefore
one of the key priorities for the company and is managed
through the targeted use of, for instance, employer branding
initiatives, global talent and succession management processes
as well as competitive compensation packages. Nevertheless,
employee-related risks that affect business activities are
possible, even though their impact is difficult to assess. We
rate this as a medium risk.

Information technology risks

We use a variety of IT systems and processes in order to opti-
mally focus and adequately support our globalization. Trends
in information technology offer various opportunities but also
harbor risks.

Risks due to cybercrime and the failure of business-
critical IT applications

Increasing international networking and the related possibility
of IT system abuse are resulting in cybercrime risks for Merck,
such as the failure of central IT systems, the disclosure of
confidential research and business development data, the
manipulation of IT systems in chemical process control, or an
increased burden or adverse impact on IT systems as a result
of virus attacks. The entire Group has global security guidelines
and information protection management for IT and non-IT
areas, each with organizational and technical standards for
access rights as well as information and data protection, based
on ISO 27001.

Additionally, IT applications used globally form the basis for
the contractual delivery of products and solutions. The failure of
business-critical IT applications could therefore have a direct
influence on our ability to deliver; likewise this applies to
the failure of a data center. To achieve the required service
quality, we use a quality management system certified to
ISO 20000:2011. In addition, to reduce the risk of failure, we
operate several redundantly designed data centers.

Report on Risks and Opportunities Combined Management Report 129

Despite the mitigating measures taken and functional continuity
plans, the effects of cybercrime or the failure of business-
critical IT applications and their influence on the net assets,
financial position and results of operations are considered
medium risks owing to possibly substantial impacts.

Environmental and safety risks

As a company with global production operations, we are
exposed to risks of possible damage to people, goods and our
reputation. Audits, consulting and training on environmental
protection and occupational health and safety minimize these
risks to people and the environment. In order to ensure the
continuity of plant and equipment, we monitor these risks
both at our own sites as well as at suppliers and contract
manufacturers. By adhering to high technical standards, our
rules of conduct and all legal requirements in environmental
protection and occupational health and safety, we ensure the
preservation of goods and assets. We have taken sufficient
appropriate accounting measures for the environmental risks
known to us. Nevertheless, we classify these as a high risk
since a critical negative impact on the financial position cannot
be ruled out.

Risks of the divestment, acquisition
and integration of companies and
businesses

Irrespective of the fact that acquisitions made in the past
have been successfully completed, the risk of conducting the
acquisition and integration exists for future transactions, for
instance for the current integration of Sigma-Aldrich. This
includes, among other things, the inability to meet sales vol-
ume targets and higher integration costs than expected, as
well as the failure to meet synergy goals. The divestment of
companies and businesses can lead to liability vis-a-vis the
buyer, for instance through indemnity clauses and guarantee
commitments. Through strong due diligence processes and
closely managed integration processes, we seek to reduce the
probability of occurrence of this risk. Nevertheless, owing to
a possible occurrence of this risk with potentially critical neg-
ative effects on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations, we classify this as a medium risk.


--- Page 86 ---

130 Combined Management Report Report on Risks and Opportunities

Overall view of the risk
and opportunity situation and
management assessment

Although the number of risks reported is higher than the
specific opportunities identified, we consider the distribution
of risks and opportunities to be balanced. A balanced overall
view is also supported by the fact that net sales and business
success are built on a diverse range of pharmaceutical and
chemical products for a variety of industries. As the markets
differ in their structure and economic cycles, this diversification
helps to lower risk. This diversification is being strengthened
by the current acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich and the strategic
alliance entered into with Pfizer in 2014.

The most significant individual risks in the businesses have
been named in the report above, with business-related risks
being the most significant alongside legal risks.

With respect to high and medium risks, certain changes
have resulted as the assessment of the individual risks has of
course altered over the fiscal year due to changing external
and internal conditions, while the overall risk assessment
remained stable. Thanks to the risk reduction measures taken -
such as the consistent implementation of management action
(organizational responsibility and process improvements),
existing insurance coverage and accounting precautions -
Merck's significant risks in particular have been further mini-
mized in net terms.

The overall view of the risk situation of the Group, which is
derived from the summary of the risks described on the basis
of their impact and probability of occurrence, leads to the

assessment that the risks are not of a nature to threaten the
existence of the Group as a going concern. We are confident
that we will continue to successfully master the challenges
arising from the above risks in the future as well.

In our view, business-related opportunities offer the great-
est potential. An important element here is the continuous
expansion in Asia, Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East.
With the continuing intensification and focusing of our research
and development activities, we want to be able to continue to
offer our customers innovative products and help shape mar-
kets. Moreover, we also consolidate our expertise in numerous
alliances, for instance with Pfizer Inc., Seiko Epson, as well as
with various universities and start-ups. The topic of innovation
is at the forefront of all our activities. Externally, this is becom-
ing particularly apparent through our new Innovation Center
at Group headquarters in Darmstadt, which is to develop into
a nucleus of creativity at Merck. The activities listed hold sig-
nificant opportunities for us in the medium to long term,
beyond the underlying forecast period.

We pursue the opportunities that arise and show their
expected effects in the forecast development of our key per-
formance indicators — net sales, EBITDA pre exceptionals and
business free cash flow. Furthermore, we will actively seek new
opportunities, examine their implementation and drive them
forward where appropriate. If opportunities arise in addition to
the forecast developments, or these occur more quickly than
anticipated, this could have correspondingly positive effects
on our net assets, financial position and results of operations.


--- Page 87 ---

Report on Expected Developments Combined Management Report 131

REPORT ON EXPECTED DEVELOPMENTS

The following report provides a forecast for fiscal 2016 of the
development of the Merck Group and its three business sectors:
Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials. The fore-
cast again covers our key performance indicators as in 2014,

Forecast for the Merck Group

namely net sales, EBITDA pre exceptionals and business free
cash flow. Subsequent to the successful completion of the
Sigma-Aldrich acquisition in November 2015, all forecasts take
into account the effects of this acquisition on our businesses.

Actual results

€ million 2015 Forecast for 2016 Key assumptions
= Slight organic growth in Healthcare despite continued challenging
environment for Rebif®
- Moderate organic growth in Life Science, with Process Solutions as
the main growth driver
= Slight organic growth in Performance Materials despite continued
= Slight organic growth price pressure on liquid crystals; strong growth dynamics for OLED
= Portfolio effect amounting and UB-FFS
to a low double-digit - Positive low double-digit portfolio effect due to the acquisition of
Net sales 12,844.7 percentage increase Sigma-Aldrich
= Additional investments in Healthcare research and development,
- Low double-digit percentage particularly in immuno-oncology
increase taking into account - Scheduled realization of synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich integration
EBITDA pre the Sigma-Aldrich portfolio - Maintaining the profitability of Performance Materials despite
exceptionals 3,629.8 effect sustained price pressure on liquid crystals
~ Expected increase in EBITDA pre exceptionals
Business free - High single-digit percentage - Further investments in property, plant and equipment within the
cash flow 2,766.2 increase scope of strategic growth initiatives
Net sales For the Healthcare business sector, we forecast slight organic

For the Merck Group, we expect slight organic sales growth in
2016 compared with the previous year. Owing to the acquisition
of Sigma-Aldrich, we additionally expect a positive portfolio
effect in the low double-digit percentage range. As a global
corporate group, we are exposed to currency effects due to the
fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. In 2016, we forecast a
€/US$ rate of 1.07-1.12, which we expect will lead to a posi-
tive currency effect compared with 2015. In growth markets,
however, especially Latin America, the Merck Group is likely to
see a negative development as a result of exchange rate
effects. Overall, we expect a slightly negative exchange rate
effect for the Merck Group in 2016.

sales growth in 2016. For Rebif®, Healthcare’s top-selling prod-
uct, we continue to expect a challenging market environment
that will lead to a sharp organic decline in net sales. However,
we plan to offset this decline through a strong organic increase
in growth markets and sales from our co-promotion of Xalkori®.
In addition, we expect a slightly negative portfolio effect due to
the divestment of Kuvan®.

In the Life Science business sector, we forecast a moderate
organic increase in net sales as well as a high double-digit
portfolio effect due to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. It is
assumed that the strongest driver of growth will be Process
Solutions.


--- Page 88 ---

132 Combined Management Report

We expect that the Performance Materials business sector will
achieve slight organic sales growth despite sustained price
pressure on liquid crystals, while the UB-FFS and OLED tech-
nologies are increasingly becoming the business sector’s growth
drivers.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals is our key financial indicator to steer
operating business. In 2016, owing to the expected operating
development and the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, we forecast
a low double-digit percentage increase of EBITDA pre excep-
tionals of the Merck Group over the previous year.

For the Healthcare business sector, we expect a low double-
digit percentage decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals, primarily
as a result of additional investments in research and develop-
ment (particularly in immuno-oncology). We expect EBITDA
pre exceptionals of the Life Science business sector to increase
moderately as a result of organic sales growth. Additionally,
a high double-digit percentage portfolio effect due to the

Report on Expected Developments

acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich can be expected. This forecast
has already taken into account the scheduled realization of
synergies as part of the integration of Sigma-Aldrich. In 2016,
EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Performance Materials busi-
ness sector is forecast to increase slightly, but at least reach-
ing the level of 2015.

Expenses reported under Corporate and Other are expected
to increase significantly in 2016 since we plan to further expand
future-oriented Group initiatives such as branding and ONE
Global Headquarters and also drive forward the digitalization
of the company.

Business free cash flow

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group is forecast to show
a high single-digit percentage increase in 2016. Apart from an
increase in the operating result, we also expect further invest-
ments in property, plant and equipment within the scope of
strategic growth initiatives.

Forecast for the Healthcare business sector

Actual results

€ million 2015 Forecast for 2016 Key assumptions
~ Slight organic growth ~ Increase in growth markets and co-promotion of Xalkori®
~ Slight negative portfolio offset Rebif® decline
effect due to the divestment - Negative currency effect, due in particular to Latin American
Net sales 6,933.8 of Kuvan® currencies
- Low double-digit percentage  - Rising research and development costs owing to pipeline develop-
decline taking into considera-_—_ ment, particularly in immuno-oncology
tion commercialization costs, - Absence of commission expenses resulting from the termination
especially for avelumab of the agreement between Merck and Pfizer to co-promote Rebif®
(excluding market launch in the United States
costs: high single-digit to ~ Significant market launch costs, especially for avelumab and
mid-teens percentage decline _cladribine
- Negative portfolio effect - Negative product mix due to Rebif® decline
in the medium double-digit - Negative currency effect, particularly due to Latin American
EBITDA pre million range due to the currencies
exceptionals 2,001.7 divestment of Kuvan® ~ Divestment of Kuvan®
— Decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals
~ Stable level of inventories and trade accounts receivable
Business free Low double-digit percentage - Further investments in property, plant and equipment within the
cash flow 1,581.0 decline scope of strategic growth projects



--- Page 89 ---

Net sales

We expect slight organic growth of net sales in the Healthcare
business sector in 2016 compared with the previous year. We
forecast a sharp organic increase in growth markets and higher
sales from our co-promotion of Xalkori®. This growth is to offset
the expected decline in sales of Rebif®, Healthcare's top-selling
product. Since the rights to Kuvan® were returned to BioMarin
Pharmaceutical Inc. in January 2016, we additionally forecast
a slightly negative portfolio effect in 2016.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals for the Healthcare business sector is
likely to see a low double-digit percentage decline. We predict
that the focused further development of our pipeline, espe-
cially in immuno-oncology, will result in significant research
and development costs. By contrast, due to the termination of
the agreement between Merck and Pfizer to co-promote Rebif®
in the United States, commission expenses will no longer be

Report on Expected Developments

Combined Management Report 133

incurred. A lower-margin product mix, significant commercial-
ization costs for avelumab and cladribine, and an expected
negative currency effect particularly attributable to Latin
American currencies will burden the margin of the Healthcare
business sector in 2016. Furthermore, since the divestment
of Kuvan® will also have a noticeable impact on EBITDA pre
exceptionals, we expect a negative portfolio effect in the mid
double-digit million range.

Business free cash flow

In 2016, we expect business free cash flow of the Healthcare
business sector to show a low double-digit percentage decline
over the previous year. The key driver will be the development
of EBITDA pre exceptionals. We expect the development of
inventories and trade accounts receivable to be at the previous
year’s level. Likewise, we expect further investments in prop-
erty, plant and equipment within the scope of strategic growth
projects.

Forecast for the Life Science business sector

Actual results

€ million 2015 Forecast for 2016 Key assumptions
- Moderate organic growth
- High double-digit percentage - Process Solutions expected to be key growth driver
portfolio effect due to the - Research Solutions and Applied Solutions also to contribute to
Net sales 3,355.3 acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich growth to a smaller extent
- Moderate increase due to
organic sales growth
- High double-digit percentage - In line with the development of sales
EBITDA pre portfolio effect due to the - Scheduled realization of synergies of € 90 million from the Sigma-
exceptionals 856.1 acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich Aldrich integration
- Improvement in EBITDA pre exceptionals
Business free - High double-digit percentage - Development of inventories and trade accounts receivable in line
cash flow 675.6 increase with net sales growth



--- Page 90 ---

134% Combined Management Report

Net sales

Overall, we expect moderate organic growth of net sales in
the Life Science business sector in 2016 compared with the
previous year. Process Solutions is expected to continue to
contribute substantially to this growth, benefiting from the
sustained growth dynamics of the market for biopharmaceuti-
cals. Research Solutions and Applied Solutions are also expected
to contribute to organic sales growth, but to a smaller extent.
Owing to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, we expect a portfolio
effect in the high double-digit percentage range.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

In 2016, we expect EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Life Science
business sector to increase moderately over the previous year
as a result of organic growth of net sales. In addition, as a

Report on Expected Developments

consequence of the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, we expect
EBITDA pre exceptionals to see portfolio-related growth in the
high double-digit percentage range. This forecast already takes
into account the scheduled realization of synergies amounting
to around € 90 million in 2016.

Business free cash flow

We expect business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector in 2016 to show a high double-digit percentage increase
over the previous year. The predicted rise in EBITDA pre
exceptionals should be the main driver of this increase. We
forecast the development of inventories and trade accounts
receivable in line with that of net sales.

Forecast for the Performance Materials business sector

Actual results

€ million 2015 Forecast for 2016 Key assumptions
- Sustained volume increases in all businesses
~ Typical price decline in the liquid crystals business

Net sales 2,555.6 Slight organic growth Strong growth dynamics in OLED and UB-FFS

EBITDA pre Slight increase, yet at least at - Maintaining the profitability of the Liquid Crystals business despite

exceptionals 1,132.1 the 2015 level noticeable price decline

Business free - At least stable EBITDA pre exceptionals

cash flow 930.8 Moderate increase - Optimization of inventories

Net sales EBITDA pre exceptionals

We forecast slight organic sales growth in the Performance
Materials business sector in 2016 compared with the previous
year. All Performance Materials businesses are likely to increase
their sales volumes. We assume that the growth dynamics,
especially in the businesses with OLED and UB-FFS technologies,
will be particularly strong. By contrast, we expect a liquid crys-
tals price decline typical for the market.

In our estimation, EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Performance
Materials business sector in 2016 will see a slight increase, but
at least remain at the level of 2015. One of our key objectives
is to maintain the profitability of the Liquid Crystals business
at a high level despite the price decline.


--- Page 91 ---

Business free cash flow

In 2016, business free cash flow of the Performance Materials
business sector is forecast to increase moderately. This fore-
cast is in line with the expected development of EBITDA pre
exceptionals. As regards inventories, we expect an optimiza-
tion of these in 2016.

Summary

For 2016, we expect a slight organic increase in Group net sales,
to which all business sectors are forecast to contribute. Owing
to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, we additionally expect a
positive portfolio effect in the low double-digit percentage
range compared with the previous year.

Report on Expected Developments Combined Management Report 135.

EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Merck Group is expected to
increase by a low double-digit percentage in 2016, taking into
consideration the portfolio effect resulting from the Sigma-
Aldrich acquisition. This includes expected cost synergies from
the integration of Sigma-Aldrich. In the Healthcare business
sector, we will invest further in the research and development
of innovative medicines and therefore expect additional
expenses for the pharmaceutical pipeline. For the Performance
Materials business sector, we continue to expect high earning
power and assume that EBITDA pre exceptionals will increase
slightly, but at least remain at the level of 2015. We expect
business free cash flow of the Merck Group to show a high
single-digit percentage increase over 2015.


--- Page 92 ---

136 Combined Management Report

Report in accordance with section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

REPORT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 315 (4)
OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE (HGB)

The following information is provided in accordance with sec-
tion 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code and the explana-
tory report pursuant to section 176 (1) sentence 1 of the
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).

As of the balance sheet date, the company’s subscribed
capital is divided into 129,242,251 no-par value bearer shares
plus one registered share. Each share therefore corresponds
to € 1.30 of the share capital. The holder of the registered
share is E. Merck Beteiligungen KG. It is entitled and obliged
to appoint one-third of the members of the Supervisory Board
representing the limited liability shareholders. If the holder of
the registered share is a general partner, he or she has no
such right of appointment. The transfer of the registered share
requires the company’s approval. The approval is granted at
the sole discretion of the personally liable general partner with
an equity interest, namely E. Merck KG.

Pursuant to the information on voting rights submitted
to us in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act
(WpHG), on December 31, 2015 no shareholders owned direct
or indirect investments exceeding more than 10% of the vot-
ing rights.

According to the Articles of Association of Merck, the gen-
eral partners not holding an equity interest who form the
Executive Board are admitted by E. Merck KG with the consent
of a simple majority of the other general partners. A person
may only be a general partner not holding an equity interest if
he or she is also a general partner of E. Merck KG. In addition,
at the proposal of E. Merck KG and with the approval of all
general partners not holding an equity interest, further per-
sons who are not general partners not holding an equity inter-
est may be appointed to the Executive Board.

The Articles of Association can be amended by a resolution
by the Annual Meeting that requires the approval of the gen-
eral partners. The resolutions of the General Meeting are, not-
withstanding any statutory provisions to the contrary, adopted
by a simple majority of the votes cast. Where the law requires
a capital majority in addition to the voting majority, resolu-
tions are adopted by a simple majority of the share capital
represented in the vote. The Articles of Association of the
company specify the authorized share capital.

The Executive Board is authorized, with the approval of the
Supervisory Board and of E. Merck KG, to increase the share
capital on one or several occasions until April 26, 2018 by up
to a total of € 56,521,124.19 by issuing new shares against
cash and/or contributions in kind (Authorized Capital). The

Executive Board is authorized to exclude, with the approval of
the Supervisory Board, the statutory subscription right of the
limited liability shareholders in the case of capital increases
against cash contributions if the issue price of the new shares
is not significantly lower than the stock exchange price of
already listed shares carrying the same rights, as defined in
section 203 (1) and (2) and section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), at the time when the
Executive Board finally fixes the issue price, and if the pro-
portion of the share capital represented by the new shares
for which the subscription right is excluded does not exceed
10% of the share capital available at the time of the resolu-
tion of the Annual General Meeting or - if this amount is
lower — of the share capital available at the time of exercising
this authorization. This upper limit shall be reduced by the
prorated amount of shares that are sold during the term of the
authorized capital under exclusion of shareholders’ subscrip-
tion rights pursuant to section 71 (1) no. 8 sentence 5 and
section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation
Act, as well as shares that must be issued to redeem option
or convertible bonds, as long as the bonds have been issued
during the term of this authorization under exclusion of sub-
scription rights. In addition, with the approval of the Super-
visory Board, the subscription right of the shareholders can be
excluded in order to enable E. Merck KG to exercise its right
pursuant to Article 32 (3) of the Articles of Association to par-
ticipate in a capital increase by issuing shares or freely trans-
ferable share subscription rights and to enable E. Merck KG
to exercise its right pursuant to Article 33 of the Articles of
Association to convert its equity interest into share capital.
Moreover, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the
subscription right of the shareholders can be excluded as far
as this is necessary, in order to grant subscription rights for
new shares to holders of warrants and convertible bonds
issued by the company or its subsidiaries, to the extent to
which they would be entitled after exercising their option and
conversion rights or fulfilling their option and conversion obli-
gations. Lastly, with the approval of the Supervisory Board,
the subscription right of the shareholders can be excluded in
order to exclude fractional amounts from the subscription
right.

The Articles of Association also encompass contingent
capital. The share capital is contingently increased by up to
€ 66,406,298.40 divided into 51,081,768 shares (Contingent
Capital I). The contingent capital increase serves to grant


--- Page 93 ---

Report in accordance with section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

exchange rights to E. Merck KG in accordance with Article 33
of the Articles of Association to enable the conversion of its
equity interest. The shares carry dividend rights from the
beginning of the fiscal year following the year in which the
conversion option is exercised. Moreover, the share capital is
contingently increased by up to € 16,801,491.20 composed
of up to 12,924,224 no-par value bearer shares (Contingent
Capital II). This increase in contingent capital is only to be
implemented insofar as the bearers or creditors of option or
conversion rights or the conversion obligations on warrant
bonds, option participation certificates, option participation
bonds, convertible bonds, convertible participation certificates
or convertible participation bonds issued against contributions
that are issued or guaranteed by the company or a subordi-
nate Group company on the basis of the authorization resolu-
tion of the Annual General Meeting of May 9, 2014 to May 8,
2019, utilize their option or conversion rights or, to fulfill their
conversion obligation insofar as they are obliged to fulfill their
conversion obligation, or insofar as the company exercises an
option, wholly or in part, of granting shares in the company

Combined Management Report 137

instead of paying the sum of money due and to the extent that
in each case a cash settlement is not granted, or own shares
or other forms of fulfillment are used. Each issue of new shares
shall take place at the determined option or conversion price,
pursuant to the aforementioned authorization resolution. The
new shares participate in the profit from the beginning of the
fiscal year in which they are created; insofar as this is legally
permissible, the Executive Board may, with the approval of the
Supervisory Board, and in deviation from section 60 (2) AktG,
stipulate that the new shares also participate in the profit for
a past fiscal year. The Executive Board is authorized, with the
approval of the Supervisory Board and of E. Merck, to stipulate
the further details of the implementation of the increase in
contingent capital.

The company is not authorized to acquire its own shares.

The company has not entered into any material agree-
ments subject to a change of control pursuant to a takeover
offer nor has it entered into any compensation agreements
with the members of the Executive Board or employees in the
event of a takeover offer.


--- Page 94 ---

138 Combined Management Report

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON MERCK KGAA
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE GERMAN
COMMERCIAL CODE (HGB)

The management report of Merck KGaA has been combined
with the Group management report. The annual financial
statements and the combined management reports of the
Merck Group and Merck KGaA for 2015 have been filed with
the electronic German Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundes-
anzeiger) and are available on the website of the German
company register.

Statement on Corporate Governance

The Statement on Corporate Governance according to section
289a HGB can be found on pages 148 to 163.

Business Development

Merck KGaA’s sales rose further in 2015. All business sectors
contributed to the increase of € 478 million:

€ million/Change in % 2014 Change
Healthcare 1525. 6.0
Life Science 622 84
Performance Materials 1,263 26.4
Total 3,410 14.0

Sales increases, particularly in the Healthcare and Performance
Materials business sectors, were achieved in all four quarters
of 2015 compared with the previous year.

The share of Group sales also rose in 2015 (92.7%; 2014:
90.9%). This development underscores the importance of
Merck KGaA to the Merck Group as a production company:

€ million/Change in % 2015 2014 Change
Group sales 3,605 3,100 16.3
Sales to third parties 283 310 -8.7
Total 3,888 3,410 14.0
At 88.1%, the share of exports increased again in 2015 com-

pared with the previous year (2014: 85.7%).

€ million/Change in % 2015 2014 Change
Outside Germany 3,427 2,922 17.3
Germany 461 488 -5.5
Total 3,888 3,410 14.0



--- Page 95 ---

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

In the Healthcare business sector, particularly sales of prod-
ucts in the Cardiovascular (+ 20.0%) and Thyroid (+ 12.9%)
franchises increased in almost all regions, with notable sales
increases in the Asia-Pacific and Europe regions. In comparison,
the declines in reported sales of General Medicine (- 22.3%),
Neurodegenerative Diseases (- 7.7%) and Oncology (- 1.5%)
products were not as high. These declines relate primarily to
the European market.

In all major markets, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region
(+29.9%), the Performance Materials business sector recorded

Results of operations

Combined Management Report 139

sales growth (+ 26.4%). The Display Materials (+ 27.9%) and
Advanced Technologies (+ 84.1%) business units contributed
significantly to this growth. The Pigments & Functional Materials
business unit (+ 7.9%) also maintained its level of sales in
Europe and increased sales in North America and Latin America.

In the Life Science business sector the strongest growth
was achieved by the Process Solutions business area (+ 10.7%).
The business sector performed particularly well in North America
(+47.0%) and Latin America (+ 15.9%). However, slight declines
in sales were recorded in Europe (- 1.0%).

Change
€ million 2015 2014 € million %
Sales 3,888 3410 478 140
Other income 966 952 14 15
Cost of materials =956 =879 “77 8.8
Personnel expenses =1,123 =1,019 =104 10.2
Depreciation, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses =280 =348 68 719.5
Other operating expenses =2,050 71,877 7173 9.2
Investment result/Write-downs of financial assets 339 445 =106 =23.8
Financial result =175 =32 7143 =446.9
Profit from ordinary activities 609 652 43 6.6
Profit transfers =373 =426 53 712.4
Taxes =116 =77 =39 =50.6
Profit after tax and profit transfers 120 149 =29 719.5

The increase in other income was mainly attributable to both
higher license income and releases of provisions. This was offset
by inventory reduction costs.

The cost of materials decreased slightly in relation to sales
(24.6%; 2014: 25.8%).

The rise in personnel expenses was attributable to the
higher number of employees and higher pension expenses.

The decrease in depreciation, amortization, write-downs
and impairment losses was mainly due to lower impairment
losses (€ -73 million). In fiscal 2015, impairment losses of
€ 105 million on intangible assets related particularly to the
discontinuation of development projects (2014: € 176 million).

Other operating expenses increased as a result of the inten-
sified marketing and selling activities as well as due to legal
and advisory expenses in connection with the Sigma-Aldrich
acquisition.

The investment result declined mainly due to lower divi-
dend payments from Merck Capital Holding Ltd., Malta, and
Merck Holding GmbH, Darmstadt.

The borrowing of funds for the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich
resulted in higher interest expenses, which increased the nega-
tive financial result.


--- Page 96 ---

1%O Combined Management Report

Net assets and financial position

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

ASSETS
Change

€ million Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 € million %
Fixed assets 17,770 7,089 10,682 150.7
Intangible assets 227 325 -98 = 30.2
Tangible assets 921 879 43 4.9
Financial assets 16,622 5,885 10,737 182.5
Current assets 1,280 1,485 = 205 -13.8
Inventories 617 588 29 4.9
Trade accounts receivable 213 220 -7 =3.2
Receivables and other assets 450 677 -228 -33.7
Cash and cash equivalents 0 0 0 0.0
Prepaid expenses 27 40 -13 -32.5
Excess of plan assets over relevant obligations - 195 -195 -100.0

19,077 8,808 10,269 116.6
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Change

€ million Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 € million %
Net equity 5,268 5,312 -44
Provisions 930 750 180
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 5 = 5 =
Other provisions 925, 750 175 23.4
Liabilities 12,878 2,746 10,132 369.0
Financial obligations 1,500 1,500 0 0.0
Trade accounts payable 289 192 97 50.4
Other liabilities 11,089 1,054 10,035 952.3
Deferred income 1 - 1 -

19,077 8,808 10,269 116.6

The development of Merck KGaA’s net assets and financial
position in fiscal 2015 was characterized by the acquisition of
the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, USA. The increase in total assets
by € 10,269 million to € 19,077 million was largely attributable
to the completion of this important transaction, increasing
financial assets by € 10,737 million. The intragroup sale of
Merck Ltd., Japan, within the scope of the reorganization sub-
sequent to acquisition of AZ in 2014 caused financial assets
to decline in 2015.

Intangible assets declined primarily due to the discontinu-
ation of the development project for evofosfamide and the
associated impairment losses of capitalized rights amounting
to € 82 million.

In addition, the progress of the construction project ONE
Global Headquarters at the Darmstadt site contributed signifi-
cantly to an increase in fixed assets.

The decline in current assets (€ -205 million) was mainly
due to lower receivables from affiliates, primarily because of
the increased funding requirement for the acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich.

The increase in other provisions (€ 175 million) was partly
due to the repayment of a cash deposit in a trust agreement
to cover provisions for a partial retirement program amount-
ing to € 48 million. These provisions under the partial retire-
ment program will now be secured by a bank guarantee. In
addition, the provisions for outstanding invoices increased by
€ 32 million.

In 2015, no excess of plan assets over relevant obligations
was disclosed for pension provisions, as pension obligations
exceeded plan assets by € 5 million. This is largely attributable
to the decrease in the applicable discount rate pursuant to the
specifications of the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundes-
bank).

The increase in liabilities to affiliates resulted primarily from
the granting of intragroup loans (€ 8.5 billion) and from the
clearing account (€ 1.5 billion) with Merck Financial Services
GmbH, Darmstadt.


--- Page 97 ---

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Research and Development

Research and development spending amounted to € 782 mil-
lion in 2015 (2014: € 774 million), a large portion of which
was incurred also by companies outside the Merck Group. The
Performance Materials business sector accounted for € 4 mil-
lion of the total increase of € 8 million (1.0%). At 77.8%
(2014: 78.6%) the Healthcare business sector accounted for
the largest share of research and development spending.
In Darmstadt, Healthcare mainly focuses on oncology as well
as autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. The Performance

Combined Management Report 141

Materials business sector focuses its research primarily on
developing new and improved basic materials and mixtures
for LC displays as well as for innovative OLED applications. To
strengthen the Pigments business, new effect pigments for the
automotive, cosmetics and printing ink sectors were devel-
oped. In the Life Science business sector, research activities
focused on technologies in the laboratory and life science
segment, and new developments progressed. These include
improved test kits, chromatography methods, substrates for
separating active substances, and innovations in the fields of
microbiology and hygiene monitoring.

€ million/ Change in % 2015 2014 ‘Change
Healthcare 609téi‘éOOSS*CO#*;*«O
Life Science 38 35 8.6
Performance Materials 130 126 3.2
Other R&D spending that cannot be allocated to the individual business sectors 5 5 0.0
Total 782 774 1.0

The research spending ratio (research and development costs
as a percentage of sales) was 20.1% (2014: 22.7%). In total,
an average of 2,186 employees were engaged in R&D activi-
ties. Merck KGaA was one of the main research sites of the
Merck Group, accounting for 45.7% (2014: 45.5%) of total
Group research and development spending.


--- Page 98 ---

142 Combined Management Report

Dividend

For 2015, we will propose to the General Meeting a dividend
of € 1.05 per share. Based on our earnings expectations, the
family of owners and shareholders of Merck can continue to
expect to receive an earnings-oriented dividend.

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Personnel

As of December 31, 2015, Merck KGaA had 9,537 employees,
a slight increase over the previous year (2014: 9,407).
Average number of employees by functional area:

‘Average number of employees during the year 2015 2014
Production 3,114 3,024
Administration 2,254 2,174
Research 2,186 2,160
Logistics 583 542
Engineering 555, 538
Sales and marketing 409 389
Other 348 551
Total 9,449 9,378

Risks and opportunities

Merck KGaA is largely subject to the same opportunities and
risks as the Merck Group. More detailed information on risks
and opportunities is provided in the consolidated financial
statements of Merck.

Forecast for Merck KGaA

Deviations of actual business developments in 2015 from
previously reported guidance:

In the 2014 Annual Financial Statements of Merck KGaA, we
expected sales to increase slightly in 2015.

In our sales forecast, we anticipated a slight sales decrease
for the Healthcare business sector as a result of lower sales of
Erbitux®. The expected decline in sales of the Oncology fran-
chise, however, was more than compensated for by the sales
increases in the Cardiovascular and Thyroid franchises, lead-
ing to overall sales growth of 6.0%.

In the Performance Materials business sector, sales were
expected to decrease due to the persisting high competitive
pressure in the context of liquid crystals. This development did
not materialize. The business units Display Materials (+ 27.9%),
Advanced Technologies (+ 84.1%) and Pigments & Functional
Materials (+ 7.9%) achieved sales growth, resulting in an over-
all sales increase in the Performance Materials business sector
of 26.4%.

As expected, the Life Science business sector increased its
sales (+8.4%) in 2015.

As stated in the Annual Financial Statements for 2014,
we expected a decrease in profit from ordinary activities and
thus also of financial resources.

Profit from ordinary activities in 2015 mainly declined
compared with 2014 due to a lower investment result and
the associated increase in financing costs in connection with
the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition. The financial resources for this
acquisition were provided through borrowings from Merck
Financial Services GmbH, Darmstadt.


--- Page 99 ---

Additional Information on Merck KGaA in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Forecast for 2016

A slight decline in sales is assumed for 2016 for the Healthcare
and Performance Materials business sectors. This decline is
expected to be nearly fully offset by sales growth in the Life
Science business sector.

The financing costs of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition will
have a negative impact on earnings. Accordingly, we expect
net income to decline. Net income will also be influenced
significantly by investment results and dividend payments of
subsidiaries. The provision of a sufficient amount of financial
resources is ensured by Merck Financial Services GmbH.

Currently no risks can be identified that could jeopardize
the continued existence of Merck KGaA.

The internal control system for the
accounting process according to
section 289 (5) HGB

The annual financial statements of Merck KGaA are prepared
by Merck Accounting Solutions & Services Europe GmbH,
Darmstadt, an independent legal entity within the Merck Group.
The financial statement process of Merck KGaA is based on the
accounting provisions of the German Commercial Code with
due consideration of key processes and uniform deadlines.
The objective of the internal control system for accounting is
to implement controls that will provide the security needed to
ensure that financial statements are prepared in compliance
with the relevant accounting laws and standards. It covers
measures designed to ensure the complete, correct and timely
conveyance and presentation of information that is relevant
for the preparation of the financial statements. The financial
reporting processes are monitored via a stringent internal
control system that ensures the accuracy of financial reporting
as well as compliance with the relevant legal regulations.

The main rules and tools used are as follows:

e Accounting guidelines based on Group-wide guidelines.
These Group-wide accounting guidelines are the responsi-
bility of Group Accounting and are available to all employees
of the relevant units via the Merck intranet. Detailed account
allocation instructions are provided here for all major trans-
actions. These guidelines include, for example, clear require-
ments for the inventory valuation process and transfer pric-
ing within intragroup supply relationships.

Combined Management Report 143

Clearly defined segregation of tasks and assignment of
responsibilities to the units involved in the financial report-
ing process. Through corresponding organizational measures,
the company ensures that in the accounting system duties
are segregated between the booking of transactions and
the review and approval of transactions. These measures
include the power of disposition approved by the Executive
Board in relation to authorizing contracts and credit notes,
as well as consistently implementing a dual-control principle.
Involvement of external experts as needed, for example for
the valuation of pension obligations
° Use of suitable, largely uniform IT finance systems and the
application of detailed authorization concepts to limit user
rights on a need-to-have basis, taking into account principles
concerning the segregation of duties.
e System-based IT controls as well as manual, process-inte-
grated controls, particularly within the scope of the financial
reporting process
Consideration of risks recorded and assessed by the risk
management system in the annual financial statements
insofar as this is required by existing accounting rules.
The management of the respective department is responsible
for the implementation of these rules and utilization of the
tools.

The annual financial statements of Merck are the respon-
sibility of the Chief Financial Officer, who is a member of the
Executive Board of Merck KGaA. This responsibility is laid down
in the rules of procedure of the Executive Board.

All the structures and processes described are subject to
constant review by Group Internal Auditing. The Executive
Board determines the structures and processes that are to be
audited in an annual audit plan.

The results of these audits are dealt with regularly in
meetings of the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and
the Finance Committee of E. Merck KG.


--- Page 100 ---

144 Combined Management Report Subsequent Events

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

At the beginning of January 2016, two contracts entered into
with BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc., USA (BioMarin), became
effective. Firstly, the sale of the rights to Kuvan®, a drug used
to treat the metabolic disorder known as phenylketonuria
(PKU), was agreed. And secondly, Merck returned its option
to develop and commercialize Peg-Pal to BioMarin. Based on
these two agreements, in January 2016 Merck received an
upfront payment of € 340 million for the sale of the rights to
Kuvan® as well as an entitlement to milestone payments of up

to € 185 million. The financial statements of Merck KGaA pre-
pared in accordance with the German Commercial Code are
only affected by this via future dividend payments from sub-
sidiaries. More information can be found in Note [4] “Acquisi-
tions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to
the Group accounts.

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, no further events of
special importance occurred that could have a material impact
on the net assets, financial position or results of operations.
