

--- Page 1 ---

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAG!

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

There is no doubt that 2015 was a turbulent year, with low oil and gas
prices having a far-reaching impact on the energy industry.

We have taken the opportunity to strengthen our business by reducing our
operating expenses and capital investment, while continuing to divest assets
that are not central to our long-term strategy

Our acquisition of BG Group ple (BG) — one of the largest takeovers in UK
corporate history — in February 2016 will help sharpen our focus on
liquefied natural gas (LNG) and deep-water exploration and production
Combined, we are stronger, more competitive and betterequipped
financially to continue to play an important role in meeting global energy
demand for decades to come. It underscores our role as one of the largest
independent oil and gas producers. Increased cash flows from our newly
acquired assets will also help to support dividend payments and future
investment.

A maior challenge facing society is how to meet the needs of a growing
global population, while limiting the amount of carbon dioxide (CO) in our
atmosphere. This requires a mix of urgent action, realism and long-term
planning by governments and industry alike. It will also require
unprecedented co-operation, investment and innovation

lt was encouraging to see governments reach a global climate agreement in
Paris in December. The agreement should now encourage countries to
develop policies that balance environmental concerns with enabling a
decent quality of life for more people

Delivering the energy essential for economic development and the
wellbeing of billions of people will require huge and sustained investment
Limiting the amount of COz in our atmosphere also requires major
investments in advanced technologies, such as carbon capture and storage
(CCS}. Oil and gas, which make up over 50% of global energy supplies
today, will need to continue to provide a large part of the world’s energy
for decades to come.

The International Energy Agency estimates that over $25 trillion of
investment will be needed in oil and gas supply alone from 2015 to 2040
So the long-term investment case for oil and gas remains strong, despite the
fall in oil prices over the last 18 months. The concern is that prices seen in
late 2015 and early 2016 may be too low to spur investment in projects
that are needed to ensure long-term supplies. Without sufficient investment,
the risk of demand exceeding supply will increase

We know that understanding the world’s future energy needs will help us
improve our competitiveness.

We have evolved over the last few decades from a company focused
almost entirely on oil to one of the world’s leading suppliers of gas, the
cleanest-burning hydrocarbon. Gas is already playing a role in tackling
carbon emissions. Switching from coal to gas for power generation is one
way to reduce emissions of CO», while increasing energy supply to a
growing global population, including more than 1 billion people who lack
access to electricity today.

We are working on multiple fronts to play our part in the energy transition
For example, we are now one of the world’s largest suppliers of low-carbon
biofuel through our Raizen joint venture in Brazil, which produces ethanol
from sugar cane. We are in the early stages of developing biofuels that
could further reduce the environmental impact of the transport sector. Our
high-performance lubricants can already contribute to improved energy
efficiency for motorists and we are working with vehicle manufacturers to
improve them further. We are also increasingly offering LNG as a transport
fuel and are exploring the potential of hydrogen

CCS is an especially important technology for reducing CO2 emissions from
a range of industries. Quest, which we opened in 2015, captures and
safely stores around one-third of the annual CO, emissions from an oil
sands bitumen processing facility in Canada. We are sharing information
on its design and processes so that it can serve as a blueprint for others.
Strong government support is needed to encourage many more businesses
around the world to invest in CCS

The Paris climate agreement provided a promising platform for society to
develop a solution to climate change. Governments now need to implement
policies that will stimulate investment in all technologies that can contribute
to a lower-carbon future

Despite some of the toughest operating conditions that our industry has
seen, we are in a stronger position to weather current market volatility and
play our part in the energy transition

Let me take this opportunity to thank our shareholders for supporting the BG
acquisition at a very challenging time for the industry. Your Board of
Directors is committed to delivering the value from this important investment.

Chad Holliday
Chairman


--- Page 2 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW.

It was a highly challenging year for the industry, but our integrated business
and improved operational performance helped soften the impact of lower
energy prices

In these difficult economic times, our acquisition of BG Group ple (BG),
which came into effect on February 15, 2016, will make us stronger

The global portfolio we acquired is a good complement to our own. The
combination will help us concentrate on more profitable pillars of our
business, particularly deep water and liquefied natural gas (ING). We are
entering an exciting new era for Shell

We continued our focus on safety. However, sadly seven people working
for Shell in 2015 lost their lives. A fire at our Bukom refinery in Singapore
also led to six workers being injured. Such tragic events underscore the
importance of unwavering vigilance

RESULTS

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
ple shareholders were $3.8 billion in 2015, compared with $19.0 billion
in 2014

Lower oil prices and charges related to our exit from Alaska and decision to
stop work on the Carmon Creek project in Canada contributed to our
Upstream business making a loss in 2015. Strong performances by our
Integrated Gas and Downstream businesses helped offset some of the
impact of low energy prices. This is a reminder of the importance of
remaining an integrated energy company.

Responding to the changing industry landscape, we reduced our operating
expenses and capital investment by a combined $12.5 billion in 2015
compared with 2014. We distributed $12.0 billion to shareholders in
dividends in 2015, including those taken as shares under our Scrip
Dividend Programme

Divestments amounted to $5.5 billion in 2015, and to more than

$20 billion for 2014-2015. This exceeded our target of $15 billion for the
period. The asset sales are part of our ongoing strategy of reducing costs
and concentrating on markets where we can be most competitive

Our oil and gas production averaged around 3 million barrels of oil
equivalent per day in 2015. We started production at a major project off
the coast of Nigeria which, combined with increased output from existing
projects, helped partially offset the impact on production from naturally
declining fields and divestments.

RENEWED FOCUS

We continue to lower our costs and take tough decisions on projects that, in
the current oil-price environment, may be uncompetitive or unaffordable. For
example, we stopped construction of the Carmon Creek in-situ oil project in
2015 and exited the development of the Bab sour gas project in the United
Arab Emirates in early 2016. We are also postponing final investment
decisions on the Bonga South West project off the coast of Nigeria and the
LNG Canada facility.

Despite the current market uncertainty, it is important that we continue to
invest wisely to achieve the most competitive portfolio we can. For example,
we have decided to expand capacity at our Pernis refinery in the
Netherlands and embark on a major expansion at our Geismar plant in the
USA, reflecting the strong growth potential in chemicals for Shell

In 2015, we announced the final investment decision to go ahead with the
Appomattox deep-water project in the Gulf of Mexico.

We are prepared to reduce investments further, if evolving market
conditions call for that. But we want to protect our growth prospects in a
world where long-term demand for energy will continue to rise

Greater energy efficiency and cleaner technologies are needed to help
keep pace with energy demand growth, while limiting carbon dioxide
(CO,] emissions in the fight against climate change

Meeting the energy needs of a growing world population means oil and
gas are expected to continue to play vital roles in global energy supply into
the latter half of the century.

Carbon capture and storage (CCS] systems that safely trap CO, deep
underground can play an important part in the energy future. Shell started its
first major CCS facility, Quest, in Canada in 2015. Governmentled carbon
pricing mechanisms can provide impartial and long-term incentives to invest
in effective lower-carbon technologies, such as CCS

Natural gas, the cleanestburning hydrocarbon, can play a role in limiting
emissions if more of it is used instead of coal for power generation. Gas is
also making a growing contribution as a transport fuel

As a whole, the oil and gas industry is going through a difficult period
However, our financial fortitude before the downturn and our sound strategy
are helping us through the rough weather

The acquisition of BG reinforces and reinvigorates us, and | am confident
that our combined strength greatly improves our ability to thrive in a
challenging business environment.

Ben van Beurden
Chief Executive Officer


--- Page 3 ---

RISK FACTORS.

RISK FACTORS

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect separately,
or in combination, on our operational performance, earnings, cash flows
and financial condition. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider
these risks

Measures that we use to manage or mitigate our various risks are set out in
the relevant sections of this Report. The Board's responsibility for identifying,
evaluating and managing our significant risks is discussed in “Corporate
governance” on page 74

We are exposed to fluctuating prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and
chemicals.

The prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals are affected
by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Moreover, prices for
oil and gas can move independently of each other. Factors that influence
supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather,
political instability, conflicts, economic conditions and actions by major oil
and gas producing countries. Price fluctuations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, including on our cash flows and earnings
For example, in a low oil and gas price environment, we would generate
less revenue from our Upstream production, and, as a result, some long-term
projects would become less profitable, or could incur losses. In this regard,
if oil and gas prices remain at the levels observed in early 2016, there is
the potential for our Upstream and Integrated Gas segments to incur a loss
Additionally, low oil and gas prices have resulted, and could continue to
result, in the debooking of proved oil or gas reserves, if they become
uneconomic in this type of price environment. Prolonged periods of low oil
and gas prices, or rising costs, have resulted, and could continue to result,
in projects being delayed or cancelled. In addition, assets have been
impaired in the past, and there could be impairments in the future. Low oil
and gas prices could also affect our ability to maintain our long-term capital
investment programme and dividend payments. In a high oil and gas price
environment, we could experience sharp increases in costs, and, under
some production-sharing contracts, our entitlement to proved reserves would
be reduced. Higher prices could also reduce demand for our products,
which could result in lower profitability, particularly in our Downstream
business. See “Market overview” on page 16

Our ability to deliver competitive returns and pursue commercial opportunities
depends in part on the robustness and, ultimately, the accuracy of our price
assumptions.

We use oil and gas price assumptions, which we review on a periodic
basis, to evaluate project decisions and commercial opportunities. While
we believe our current long-term price assumptions are prudent, if our
assumptions prove to be incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect
‘on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See “Market overview"
on page 17,

Our ability to achieve strategic objectives depends on how we react to
competitive forces.

We face competition in each of our businesses. We seek to differentiate
our products, however many of them are competing in commodity-type
markets. Accordingly, failure to manage our costs as well as our
operational performance could result in a material adverse effect on our
earnings, cash flows and financial condition

Increasingly, we compete with state-owned oil and gas entities, particularly
in seeking access to oil and gas resources. These entities control vastly
greater quantities of oil and gas resources than the major independent oil
and gas companies. State-owned entities have access to significant
resources and could be motivated by political or other factors in their
business decisions, which could harm our competitive position or reduce our
access to desirable projects. See “Strategy and outlook” on page 15

The acquisition of BG Group ple exposes us to integration risks and other
challenges.

Our future prospects will, in part, be dependent upon our ability to integrate
BG Group ple (BG) successfully and completely, without disruption to our
existing business. Value delivery from a number of key jurisdictions,
including BG's assets in Australia and Brazil, as well as the integration of its
LNG shipping and marketing business and trading activities and the
successful execution of the substantial disposals that we expect to make
following the acquisition are, in particular, critical to overall success. The
BG acquisition was premised on a number of factors, including expected
benefits from synergies, but also our expectation of future oil and gas

prices. If these synergies do not materialise or oil and gas prices remain
low for a prolonged period, this could result in future impairments and
further pressure on our financial framework. We will face challenges when
integrating the businesses, including standardisation of ways of working,
policies and procedures, processes and systems. No assurance can be
given that the integration process will deliver all the expected benefits within
the assumed time frame or that the expected disposals will be made as
planned. Unanticipated events, liabilities, tax impacts or unknown pre-
existing issues could arise and result in the costs of integration being higher
and the realisable benefits being lower than expected, with a material
adverse effect on our operational performance, earnings, cash flows and
financial condition. See "Strategy and outlook” on page 15

Following the acquisition of BG, we seek to execute divestments in the pursuit
of our strategy. We may not be able to successfully divest these assets in line
with our strategy.

We may not be able to successfully divest assets at acceptable prices or
within the timeline envisaged in view of market conditions or credit risk,
resulting in increased pressure on our cash position. We may be held liable
for past acts, failures to act or liabilities that are different from those
foreseen. We may also face liabilities if a purchaser fails to honour all of its
commitments. See “Strategy and outlook” on page 15

Our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of large and
complex projects, as well as on our ability to replace proved oil and gas
reserves.

We face numerous challenges in developing capital projects, especially
those which are large and complex. Challenges include uncertain geology,
frontier conditions, the existence and availability of necessary technology
and engineering resources, the availability of skilled labour, the existence of
transportation infrastructure, project delays, the expiration of licences and
potential cost overruns, as well as technical, fiscal, regulatory, political and
other conditions. These challenges are particularly relevant in certain
developing and emerging-market countries, such as Iraq and Kazakhstan, in
frontier areas and in deep-water fields, such as in Brazil. We may fail to
assess or manage these and other risks properly. Such potential obstacles
could impair our delivery of these projects, our ability to fulfil the value
potential at the time of the project investment approval, and our ability to
fulfil related contractual commitments. These could lead to impairments and
could have a material adverse effect on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition

Future oil and gas production will depend on our access to new proved
reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments and other
owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, as well as on developing and
applying new technologies and recovery processes to existing fields and
mines. Failure to replace proved reserves could result in lower future
production, earnings and cash flows

See "Business overview" on page 14


--- Page 4 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORD

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION

AVAILABLE FOR SALE MILLION BOE [A]

2015 2014 2013

Shell subsidiaries 880 895 850
Shell share of joint ventures and

associates 198 229 318

Total 1,078 1,124 1,168

[A] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel

PROVED DEVELOPED AND UNDEVELOPED OIL

AND GAS RESERVES [A][B] (AT DECEMBER 31) MILLION BOE [C]

2015 2014 2013

Shell subsidiaries 9117 10,181 10,835
Shell share of joint ventures and

associates 2,630 2,900 3,109

Total 11,747 13,081 13,944

[A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves from
subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates

[B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in operations
[C] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 sef per barrel.

The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements
based on available information and the application of complex rules, so
subsequent downward adjustments are possible.

The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective judgements
and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual
and economic information. Estimates could change because of new
information from production or drilling activities, or changes in economic
factors, including changes in the price of oil or gas and changes in the
regulatory policies of host governments or other events. Estimates could also
be altered by acquisitions and divestments, new discoveries, and extensions
of existing fields and mines, as well as the application of improved recovery
techniques. Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates could also be
subject to correction due to errors in the application of published rules and
changes in guidance. Downward adjustments could indicate lower future
production volumes and could also lead to impairment of some assets. This
could have a material adverse effect on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See “Supplementary
information — oil and gas (unaudited)" on page 153

We operate in more than 70 countries that have differing degrees of political,
legal and fiscal stability. This exposes us to a wide range of political
developments that could result in changes to contractual terms, laws and
regulations. In addition, we and our joint arrangements and associates face
the risk of litigation and disputes worldwide.

Developments in politics, laws and regulations can and do affect our
operations. Potential developments include: forced divestment of assets;
expropriation of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation of contract
rights; additional taxes including windfall taxes, restrictions on deductions
and retroactive tax claims; trade controls; price controls; local content
requirements; foreign exchange controls; changing environmental
regulations; and disclosure requirements. A prolonged period of lower oil
and gas prices could affect the financial, fiscal, legal, political and social
stability of countries that rely significantly on oil and gas revenue. This
could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on us.

From time to time, cultural and political factors play a role in unprecedented
and unanticipated judicial outcomes that could adversely affect Shell. Non-
compliance with policies and regulations could result in regulatory
investigations, litigation and ultimately sanctions. Certain governments and
regulatory bodies have, in the opinion of Shell, exceeded their constitutional
authority by: attempting unilaterally to amend or cancel existing agreements
or arrangements; failing to honour existing contractual commitments; and

RISK FACTORS.

seeking to adjudicate disputes between private litigants. Additionally,
certain governments have adopted laws and regulations that could
potentially force us to violate other countries’ laws and regulations, therefore
potentially subjecting us to both criminal and civil sanctions. Such
developments and outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our
operational performance, earnings, cash flows and financial condition

See "Corporate governance” on page 74

Our operations expose us to social instability, civil unrest, terrorism, piracy,
acts of war and risks of pandemic diseases that could have a material adverse
effect on our business.

As seen in recent years in Nigeria, North Africa and the Middle East, social
and civil unrest, both in the countries in which we operate and elsewhere,
can and do affect us. Such potential developments that could have a
material adverse effect on us include: acts of political or economic terrorism;
acts of maritime piracy; conflicts including war and civil unrest {including
disruptions by non-governmental and political organisations); and local
security concerns that threaten the safe operation of our facilities and
transport of our products. Pandemic diseases, such as Ebola, can affect our
operations directly and indirectly. If such risks materialise, they could result
in injuries, loss of life, environmental harm and disruption to business
activities. See "Environment and society” on page 59

A further erosion of the business and operating environment in Nigeria could
have a material adverse effect on us.

In our Nigerian operations, we face various risks and adverse conditions
which could have a material adverse effect on our operational
performance, eamings, cash flows and financial condition. These tisks and
conditions include: security issues surrounding the safety of our people, host
communities and operations; sabotage and theft; our ability to enforce
existing contractual rights; litigation; limited infrastructure; potential
legislation that could increase our taxes or costs of operations; the effect of
lower oil and gas prices on the government budget; and regional instability
created by militant activities. In addition, the Nigerian government is
contemplating new legislation to govern the petroleum industry which, if
passed into law, could have a material adverse effect on our existing and
future activities in that country. See “Upstream” on page 29.

Rising climate change concerns have led and could lead to additional legal
and/or regulatory measures which could result in project delays or
cancellations, a decrease in demand for fossil fuels and additional compliance
obligations, and therefore could adversely impact our costs and/or revenue.
There is continued and increased attention to climate change from all
sectors of society. This attention has led, and we expect it to continue to
lead, to additional regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions and potential demand for fossil fuels. Furthermore, we expect that
a growing share of our GHG emissions will be subject to regulation,
resulting in increased compliance costs and operational restrictions. If our
GHG emissions rise alongside our ambitions to increase the scale of our
business, our regulatory burden will increase proportionally

We also expect that GHG regulation will focus more on suppressing
demand for fossil fuels. This could result in lower revenue. In addition, we
expect that GHG emissions from flaring will rise where no gas-gathering
systems are in place. We intend to continue to work with our partners to
find ways to capture the gas that is flared. However, governmental support
is fundamental to ensure the success of individual initiatives. There is no
assurance that we will be able to obtain government support.

If we are unable to find economically viable, as well as publicly
acceptable, solutions that reduce our GHG emissions and/or GHG
intensity for new and existing projects or products, we could experience
additional costs or financial penalties, delayed or cancelled projects,


--- Page 5 ---

RISK FACTORS.

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

and/or reduced production and reduced demand for hydrocarbons, which
could have a material adverse effect on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition

See “Environment and society” on pages 54-56

The nature of our operations exposes us, and the communities in which we
work, to a wide range of health, safety, security and environment risks.

The health, safety, security and environment (HSSE) risks to which we, and
the communities in which we work, are potentially exposed cover a wide
spectrum, given the geographic range, operational diversity and technical
complexity of our operations. These risks include the effects of natural
disasters (including weather events}, earth tremors, social unrest, personal
health and safety lapses, and crime. If a major HSSE risk materialises, such
as an explosion or hydrocarbon spill, this could result in injuries, loss of life,
environmental harm, disruption of business activities, and loss or suspension
of our licence to operate or ability to bid on mineral rights. Accordingly, this
would have a material adverse effect on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition

Our operations are subject to extensive HSSE regulatory requirements that
often change and are likely to become more stringent over time. Operators
could be asked to adjust their future production plans, as the government of
the Netherlands has done, affecting production and costs. We could incur
significant additional costs in the future due to compliance with HSSE
requirements or as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, laws and
regulations, such as fines, penalties, clean-up costs and third-party claims
Therefore, HSSE risks, should they materialise, could have a material
adverse effect on us

See “Environment and society” on page 53

The operation of the Groningen asset in the Netherlands continues to expose
communities to earth tremor risks.

Production from the Groningen asset has resulted in earth tremors in the past
and tremors are expected to continue. This has resulted in damage to
buildings and complaints from local communities. The Dutch government,
local authorities and the operator are implementing measures to address the
concerns of the local communities. The government has ordered a cap on
production and a further reduction of production is possible. If the
government decides not to develop the full field as currently planned, it
could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows, proved
reserves and financial condition. See “Environment and society” on

pages 58-59 and “Upstream” on page 27

Our future performance depends on the successful development and
deployment of new technologies and new products.

Technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to meet the world’s
energy demands in a competitive way. If we do not develop the right
technology and products, do not have access to it or do not deploy these
effectively, there could be a material adverse effect on the delivery of our
strategy and our licence to operate. We operate in environments where
advanced technologies are utilised. While we take measures to ensure that
such technologies and products are safe for the environment and public
health based on today’s knowledge, there is always the possibility of
unknown or unforeseeable technological failures or environmental and
health effects that could harm our reputation and licence to operate or
expose us to litigation or sanctions. We seek to benefit financially from
developing and deploying advanced technology. The associated costs are
sometimes underestimated or delays occur. Any of these occurrences could
have a material adverse effect on our operational performance, earnings,
cash flows and financial condition. See “Business overview” on page 14

We are exposed to treasury and trading risks, including liquidity risk, interest
rate risk, foreign exchange risk, commodity price risk and credit risk. We are
affected by the global macroeconomic environment as well as financial and
commodity market conditions.

Our subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates are subject to differing
economic and financial market conditions around the world. Political or
economic instability affects such markets. If the associated risks set out
below materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on our
earnings, cash flows and financial condition

We use debt instruments, such as bonds and commercial paper, to raise
significant amounts of capital. Should our access to debt markets become
more difficult, the potential impact on our liquidity could have a material
adverse effect on our operations. Our financing costs could also be affected
by interest rate fluctuations or any credit rating deterioration

We are exposed to changes in currency values and to exchange controls
as a result of our substantial international operations. Our reporting currency
is the dollar. However, to a material extent, we hold assets and are
exposed to liabilities in other currencies. We have significant financial
exposure to the eurozone and could be materially affected by a significant
change in the euro’s value or any structural changes to the European Union
(EU) or the European Economic and Monetary Union affecting the euro
Commodity trading is an important component of our Upstream and
Downstream businesses and is integrated with our supply business. While
we undertake some foreign exchange and commodity hedging, we do not
do so for all of our activities. Furthermore, even where hedging is in place,
it may not function as expected

We are exposed to credit risk; our counterparties could fail or could be
unable to meet their payment and/or performance obligations under
contractual arrangements. Although we do not have significant direct
exposure to sovereign debt, it is possible that our partners and customers
may have exposure which could impair their ability to meet their
obligations, thereby having a material adverse effect on us. In addition, our
pension funds may invest in government bonds. Therefore, a sovereign debt
downgrade or other default could have a material adverse effect on us

See ‘Liquidity and capital resources” on page 50

We have substantial pension commitments, whose funding is subject to capital
market risks.

Liabilities associated with defined benefit plans can be significant, as can
the cash funding requirement of such plans; both depend on various
assumptions. Volatility in capital markets, and the resulting consequences for
investment performance and interest rates, could result in significant changes
to the funding level of future liabilities, and could also increase balance
sheet liabilities. We operate a number of defined benefit pension plans
and, in case of a shortfall, we could be required to make substantial cash
contributions (depending on the applicable local regulations) resulting in a
material adverse effect on our business, earnings and financial condition
See ‘Liquidity and capital resources” on page 50

We mainly self-insure our risk exposure. We could incur significant losses from
different types of risks that are not covered by insurance from third-party
insurers.

Our insurance subsidiaries provide hazard insurance coverage to other
Shell entities and only reinsure a portion of their risk exposures. Such
reinsurance would not provide any material coverage in the event of an
incident like BP Deepwater Horizon. Similarly, in the event of a material
environmental incident, there would be no material proceeds available from


--- Page 6 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

third-party insurance companies to meet our obligations. Therefore, we may
incur significant losses from different types of risks that are not covered by
insurance from third-party insurers, potentially resulting in a material adverse
effect on our operational performance, earnings, cash flows and financial
condition. See "Corporate" on page 48

An erosion of our business reputation could have a material adverse effect on
our brand, our ability to secure new resources and our licence to operate.

Our reputation is an important asset. The Shell General Business Principles
(Principles) govern how Shell and its individual companies conduct their
affairs, and the Shell Code of Conduct (Code) instructs employees and
contractors on how to behave in line with the Principles. Our challenge is to
ensure that all employees and contractors, more than 100,000 in total,
comply with these Principles and Code. Real or perceived failures of
governance or regulatory compliance could harm our reputation. This could
impact our licence to operate, damage our brand, reduce consumer
demand for our branded products, harm our ability to secure new resources
and contracts and limit our ability to access capital markets. Many other
factors, including the materialisation of the risks discussed in several of the
other risk factors, may impact our reputation and could have a material
adverse effect on our operational performance, earnings, cash flows and
financial condition. See “Corporate governance” on page 70

Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint
arrangements or associates. This could reduce our degree of control, as well as
our ability to identify and manage risks.

In cases where we are not the operator, we have limited influence over,
and control of, the behaviour, performance and costs of operation of such
joint arrangements or associates. Despite not having control, we could still
be exposed to the risks associated with these operations, including
reputational, litigation (where joint and several liability could apply) and
government sanction risks, which could have a material adverse effect on
our operational performance, earnings, cash flows and financial condition
For example, our partners or members of a joint arrangement or an
associate (particularly local partners in developing countries) may not be
able to meet their financial or other obligations to the projects, threatening
the viability of a given project. Where we are the operator of a joint
arrangement, the other partner(s) could still be able to veto or block certain
decisions, which could be to our overall detriment. See “Corporate
governance” on page 74

We rely heavily on information technology systems for our operations.

The operation of many of our business processes depends on information
technology (IT) systems. Our IT systems are increasingly concentrated in
terms of geography, number of systems, and key contractors supporting the
delivery of IT services. Shell, like many other multinational companies, is the
target of attempts to gain unauthorised access to our IT systems through the
internet, including more sophisticated and coordinated attempts often
referred to as advanced persistent threats. We seek to detect and
investigate all such security incidents, aiming to prevent their recurrence.
Disruption of critical IT services, or breaches of information security, could
harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operational
performance, earnings and financial condition. See “Corporate” on

page 48

Violations of antitrust and competition laws carry fines and expose us and/or
our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Antitrust and competition laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and
associates in the vast majority of countries in which we do business. Any
violation of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our
operational performance, earings, cash flows and financial condition. Shell
and its joint ventures and associates have been fined for violations of antitrust
and competition laws. These include a number of fines in the past by the

RISK FACTORS.

European Commission Directorate-General for Competition (DG COMP). Due
to the DG COMP'’s fining guidelines, any future conviction of Shell and its
joint ventures or associates for violation of EU competition law could result in
significantly larger fines and have a material adverse effect on us. Violation of
antitrust laws is a criminal offence in many countries, and individuals can be
either imprisoned or fined. Furthermore, it is now common for persons or
corporations allegedly injured by antitrust violations to sue for damages. See
“Corporate governance” on page 70

Violations of anti-bribery and corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws
carry fines and expose us and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil
suits.

In 2010, we agreed to a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the
US Department of Justice (DOJ) for violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act (FCPA), which arose in connection with our use of the freightforwarding
firm Panalpina. In 2013, following our fulfilment of the terms of the DPA, the
criminal charges filed in connection with the DPA were dismissed. Our
ethics and compliance programme was enhanced during the DPA and
remains in full force and effect. The authorities in various countries are
investigating our investment in Nigerian oil block OPL 245 and the 2011
settlement of litigation pertaining to that block. Any violation of the FCPA or
other relevant anti-bribery and corruption legislation or anti-money
laundering legislation could have a material adverse effect on our
operational performance, earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See
“Corporate governance” on page 70.

Violations of data protection laws carry fines and expose us and/or our
employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Data protection laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and associates in
the vast majority of countries in which we do business. Over 100 countries
have data protection laws and regulations. Additionally, the impending EU
Data Privacy Regulation proposes to increase penalties up to a maximum of
5% of global annual turnover for breach of the regulation. Non-compliance
with data protection laws could expose us to regulatory investigations,
which could result in fines and penalties. We could also be subject to
litigation from persons or corporations allegedly affected by data protection
violations. Violation of data protection laws is a criminal offence in some
countries, and individuals can be either imprisoned or fined. Any violation
could have a material adverse effect on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition. See “Corporate governance”
on page 70

Violations of trade controls, including sanctions, carry fines and expose us and
our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

We use “trade controls” as an umbrella term for various national and
international laws designed to regulate the movement of items across
national boundaries and restrict or prohibit trade and other dealings with
certain parties. The number and breadth of trade controls which we face
continues to expand. For example, the EU and the USA continue to impose
restrictions and prohibitions on certain transactions involving Syria
Additional trade controls directed at defined oil and gas activities in Russia
were imposed by the EU and the USA in 2014. In addition to the
significant trade-control programmes administered by the EU and the USA,
many other nations are also adopting such programmes. Any violation of
‘one or more trade-control regimes could lead to significant penalties or
prosecution of Shell or its employees, and could have a material adverse
effect on our operational performance, earnings, cash flows and financial
condition. See "Corporate governance" on page 70


--- Page 7 ---

RISK FACTORS. SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

Investors should also consider the following, which could limit shareholder
remedies.

The Company's Articles of Association determine the jurisdiction for
shareholder disputes. This could limit shareholder remedies.

Our Articles of Association generally require that all disputes between our
shareholders in such capacity and the Company or our subsidiaries (or our
Directors or former Directors), or between the Company and our Directors or
former Directors, be exclusively resolved by arbitration in The Hague, the
Netherlands, under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce. Our Articles of Association also provide that, if this provision is
to be determined invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the dispute could
only be brought to the courts of England and Wales. Accordingly, the
ability of shareholders to obtain monetary or other relief, including in
respect of securities law claims, could be determined in accordance with
these provisions


--- Page 8 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

HISTORY

From 1907 until 2005, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company and The “Shell”
Transport and Trading Company, p.l.c. were the two public parent
companies of a group of companies known collectively as the "Royal
Dutch/Shell Group". Operating activities were conducted through the
subsidiaries of these parent companies. In 2005, Royal Dutch Shell ple
became the single parent company of Royal Dutch Petroleum Company and
of The "Shell” Transport and Trading Company, p.l.c., now The Shell
Transport and Trading Company Limited

Royal Dutch Shell ple (the Company] is a public limited company registered
in England and Wales and headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands

ACTIVITIES
Shell is one of the world’s largest independent oil and gas companies in
terms of market capitalisation, operating cash flow and production

We explore for crude oil and natural gas worldwide, both in conventional
fields and from sources such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. We
work to develop new crude oil and natural gas supplies from major fields
For example, in 2015, production began from the Bonga Phase 3 and Etha

[Il EXPLORATION DEVELOPMENT

AND EXTRACTION

Ei MANUFACTURING AND
ENERGY PRODUCTION

North Phase 2 projects in Nigeria, and the Corrib gas field in Ireland. We
also extract bitumen from oil sands, which we convert into synthetic crude
oil

We cool natural gas to provide liquefied natural gas (ING) that can be
safely shipped to markets around the world, and we convert gas to liquids

(GTL)

Our portfolio of refineries and chemical plants enables us to capture value
from the oil and gas that we produce, turning them into a range of refined
and petrochemical products, which are moved and marketed around the
world for domestic, industrial and transport use. The products we sell
include gasoline, diesel, heating oil, aviation fuel, marine fuel, LNG for
transport, lubricants, bitumen and sulphur. We also produce and sell
ethanol from sugar cane in Brazil, through our Raizen joint venture

The distinctive Shell pecten, (a trademark in use since the early part of the
20th century), and trademarks in which the word Shell appears, help raise
the profile of our brand globally. A strong patent portfolio underlies the
technology that we employ in our various businesses. In total, we have
about 12,000 granted patents and pending patent applications

TRANSPORT
AND TRADING

DEVELOPING
FIELDS

|]
ZF

7)

EXPLORING FOR
OIL AND GAS: GILAND as
ONSHORE AND

OFFSHORE

EXTRACTING
BITUMEN

REFINING OIL INTO
FUELS AND LUBRICANTS

oo

SHIPPING

PRODUCING.
PETROCHEMICALS AND TRADING

REGASIFYING (LNG)

LIQUEFYING GAS
BY COOLING (ING)

CONVERTING GAS INTO
UQUID PRODUCTS (GTl)

‘SUPPLY AND.
DISTRIBUTION

UPGRADING
BITUMEN

PRODUCING BIOFUELS

GENERATING POWER

RETAIL AND B2B SALES



--- Page 9 ---

BUSINESS OVI

BUSINESS OVERVIEW CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

BUSINESSES AND ORGANISATION

In 2016, the Upstream International and Upstream Americas businesses were
reorganised into Integrated Gas and Upstream. Our businesses and
organisations described below were in place until December 31, 2015, and
are consistent with the discussion of our performance in 2015 and position at
December 31, 2015, in this Report

Upstream International

Our Upstream International business manages Shell's Upstream activities
outside the Americas. It explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and
natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas, and operates the upstream and
midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to market. Upstream
International also manages the LNG and GTL businesses outside the
Americas, and markets and trades natural gas, including ING, outside the
Americas. It manages its operations primarily by line of business, with this
structure overlaying country organisations. This organisation is supported by
activities such as Exploration and New Business Development. See
"Upstream" on pages 23-40

Upstream Americas

Our Upstream Americas business manages Shell’s Upstream activities in North
and South America. It explores for and extracts crude oil, natural gas and
natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas, and operates the upstream and
midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to market. Upstream
Americas also extracts bitumen from oil sands that is converted into synthetic
crude oil. It manages the LNG business in the Americas, and markets and
trades natural gas in the Americas. Additionally, it manages the US-based
wind business. It manages its operations by line of business, supported by
activities such as Exploration and New Business Development. See
“Upstream” on pages 23-40

Downstream

Our Downstream business manages Shell's Oil Products activities,
comprising Refining, Trading and Supply, Pipelines and Marketing, and
Chemicals activities. See "Downstream" on pages 41-47

Projects & Technology

Our Projects & Technology organisation manages the delivery of our major
projects and drives research and innovation to develop new technology
solutions. It provides technical services and technology capability covering
both Upstream and Downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing
functional leadership across Shell in the areas of safety and environment,
contracting and procurement, wells activities and CO; management.

Our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of large and
complex projects (see "Risk factors” on page 08). Systematic management

of lifecycle technical and nontechnical risks is in place for each opportunity,

with assurance and control activities embedded throughout the project
lifecycle. We focus on the costeffective delivery of projects through quality
commercial agreements, supply-chain management and construction and
engineering productivity through effective planning and simplification of
delivery processes. Development of our employees’ project management
competencies is underpinned by project principles, standards and
processes. A dedicated competence framework, training, standards and
processes exist for exploration and appraisal activities. In addition, we
provide governance support for our non-operated ventures or projects

SEGMENTAL REPORTING

Our reporting segments at December 31, 2015, were Upstream,
Downstream and Corporate. Upstream combines the operating segments
Upstream International and Upstream Americas. Upstream and Downstream
earnings include their respective elements of Projects & Technology and of
trading and supply activities. Corporate comprises Shell’s holdings and
treasury organisation, including its self-insurance activities as well as its
headquarters and central functions. See Note 4 to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements” on page 126

REVENUE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT

(INCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION
2015 2014 2013

Upstream
Third parties 28,480 45,240 47 357
Inter-segment 25,447 47,059 45,512
Total 53,927 92,299 92,869
Downstream
Third parties 236,384 375,752 403,725
Inter-segment 1,362 2,294 702
Total 237,746 378,046 404,427
Corporate
Third parties 96 113 153
Total 96 113 153

REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

(EXCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION

2015 2014 2013

Europe 95,223 154,709 175,584
Asia, Oceania, Africa 95,892 149,869 157,673
USA 50,666 80,133[A] 79,581[A]
Other Americas 23,179 36,394[A] _ 38,397[A]
Total 264,960 21,105 51,235

[A] Revised following a reassessment of geographical allocation, resulting in an increase in the USA and
a corresponding decrease in Other Americas of $9,320 million in 2014 and $7,029 million in 2013.

With effect from 2016, our reporting segments were amended to align with
the reorganisation of the Upstream business and consist of Integrated Gas,
Upstream, Downstream and Corporate

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

In 2015, research and development expenses were $1,093 million,
compared with $1,222 million in 2014, and $1,318 million in 2013. Our
main technology centres are in India, the Netherlands and the USA, with
other centres in Canada, China, Germany, Norway, Oman and Qatar.

Technology and innovation are essential to our efforts to meet the world’s
energy demands in a competitive way. If we do not develop the right
technology, do not have access to it or do not deploy it effectively, this
could have a material adverse effect on the delivery of our strategy and our
licence to operate (see "Risk factors" on page 10). We continuously scan
the external environment for technologies and innovations of potential
relevance to our business. Our Chief Technology Officer oversees the
development and deployment of new and differentiating technologies and
innovations across Shell, seeking to align business requirements and
technology requirements throughout our technology maturation process


--- Page 10 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

STRATEGY AND QUTLOOK

STRATEGY

Our strategy seeks to reinforce our position as a leader in the oil and gas
industry, while helping to meet global energy demand in a responsible
way. We aim to balance growth with returns, by growing our cash flow
and delivering competitive returns through economic cycles, to finance a
competitive dividend and fund investment for future growth. Safety and
environmental and social responsibility are at the heart of our activities.

Meeting the growing demand for energy worldwide in ways that minimise
environmental and social impact is a major challenge for the global energy
industry. We aim to improve energy efficiency in our own operations,
support customers in managing their energy demands and continue to
research and develop technologies that increase efficiency and reduce
emissions from liquids and natural gas production

Intense competition exists for access to upstream resources and to new
downstream markets. But we believe that our technology, project delivery
capability and operational excellence will remain key differentiators for our
businesses

In April 2015, we announced a recommended cash and share offer for BG
Group ple (BG), and the transaction was completed on February 15,

2016. It should add significant scale and profitability, particularly in LNG
worldwide and deep-water oil and gas in Brazil. It presents an opportunity
to accelerate portfolio refocusing through asset sales and reduced
spending, resulting in a simpler, more focused company.

With effect from 2016, we have a new upstream organisation that reflects
recent changes in our portfolio. This is the platform for integration with BG
and will help speed up the streamlining of the portfolio

In Integrated Gas, we focus on liquefying natural gas (LNG) so that it can
be safely shipped to markets around the world, and we convert gas to
liquids (GTL)

In Upstream, we focus on exploration for new crude oil and natural gas
reserves and on developing major new projects where our technology and
know-how add value to the resources holders

In Downstream, we focus on turning crude oil into a range of refined
products, which are moved and marketed around the world for domestic,
industrial and transport use. In addition, we produce and sell
petrochemicals for industrial use worldwide

We focus on a series of strategic themes, each requiring distinctive
technologies and risk management

= Our Downstream businesses in Oil Products and Chemicals are strongly
cash-generative with high returns. Our distinctive product offering is
underpinned by a strong manufacturing base, and offers growth potential
in selective markets, particularly in petrochemicals

= Our conventional oil and gas business has strong cash flow and returns
potential, typically in mature hydrocarbon provinces. We only make
investments in selective growth positions and apply our distinctive
technology and operating performance to extend the productive lives of
our assets and to enhance their profitability

= In deep water, we have leading positions in the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil,
Nigeria and Malaysia. Our deep-water operations have significant
growth potential from our large undeveloped resource base, and
deployment of our technology and capabilities

a In Integrated Gas, covering LNG worldwide, and in GTL in Qatar and
Malaysia, we have leadership positions in profitable and growing
markets. We are making selective investments in new LNG capacity, and
continuing to develop new markets for gas.

= We have substantial positions in both heavy oil and oil and gas plays.
These reserves are in production today, with substantial longer-term
growth potential

@ Reflecting the long-term trend in demand growth for lower-carbon energy,
we intend to make investments in large-scale and commercial forms of
lowercarbon technology and energy, such as natural gas, carbon
capture and storage, biofuels, wind and solar energy

Our commitment to technology and innovation continues to be at the core of
our strategy. As energy projects become more complex and more
technically demanding, we believe our engineering expertise will be a
deciding factor in the growth of our businesses. Our key strengths include
the development and application of technology, the financial and project
management skills that allow us to deliver large field-development projects,
and the management of integrated value chains.

We aim to leverage our diverse and global business portfolio and customer-
focused businesses built around the strength of the Shell brand

Our ability to achieve strategic objectives depends on how we respond to
competitive forces (see “Risk factors” on page 08). We continuously assess
the external environment — the markets as well as the underlying economic,
political, social and environmental drivers that shape them — to anticipate
changes in competitive forces and business models. We undertake regular
reviews of the markets we operate in, and analyses of our competitors’
strengths and weaknesses to understand our competitive position. We
maintain business strategies and plans that focus on actions and capabilities
to create and sustain competitive advantage

OUTLOOK FOR 2016 AND BEYOND

We continuously seek to improve our operating performance, with an
emphasis on health, safety, security and environment, asset performance
and operating costs.

In 2016, we expect organic capital investment to be around $33 billion in
the current environment. We have options to further reduce capital
investment, should the evolving market outlook warrant that step. We are
being highly selective on new investment decisions. We are leveraging our
Projects & Technology organisation's capabilities and taking opportunities
presented by the downturn to reduce both our own costs and costs in the
supply chain. Asset sales are a key element of our strategy, improving our
capital efficiency by focusing our investments on the most attractive growth
opportunities. Divestments of non-strategic assets in 2014-15 totalled over
$20 billion, successfully completing our divestment programme for that
period. We expect divestments to increase to $30 billion for 2016-2018

In addition, we expect the combination with BG to generate pre-tax
synergies of $3.5 billion in operating and exploration expenses in 2018,
with further upside potential. A transition organisation is in place to track the
delivery of the integration plans, including the expected synergies,
identification of further value upside, and move to standardised operating
arrangements (see “Risk factors” on page 08)

The statements in this “Strategy and outlook” section, including those related
to our growth strategies and our expected or potential future cash flow from
operations, capital investment, divestments and production, are based on
management's current expectations and certain material assumptions and,
accordingly, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results,
performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied
herein. See “About this Report” on page O5 and “Risk factors” on

pages 08-12. Forward-looking information includes the impact of the BG
acquisition


--- Page 11 ---

MARKET OVERVIEW

MARKET OVERVIEW

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

We maintain a large business portfolio across a fully-integrated value chain
and are therefore exposed to oil, gas and product prices as well as
refining, chemicals and marketing margins (see “Risk factors” on page 08)
This diversified portfolio helps us mitigate the impact of price volatility. Our
annual planning cycle and periodic portfolio reviews aim to ensure that our
levels of capital investment and operating expenses are affordable in the
context of a volatile price environment. We test the resilience of our projects
and other opportunities against a range of oil and gas prices. We also
maintain a strong balance sheet to provide resilience in times of fluctuating
oil and gas prices.

GLOBAL ECONOMIC GROWTH

According to the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) January 2016 World
Economic Outlook, global economic growth was 3.1% in 2015. This fell
short of the IMF's forecast of 3.5% made at the beginning of 2015. Lower
than expected economic growth in the USA and China, together with
recessions in Brazil and Russia, contributed to lower global economic
growth than forecast.

The IMF estimated that the eurozone economy grew by 1.5% in 2015,
compared with 0.9% in 2014, US economic growth was 2.5%, compared
with 2.4% in 2014, while Chinese economic growth slowed from 7.3% in
2014 to 6.9%. The average economic growth rate for emerging markets
and developing economies was 4.0%, compared with 4.6% in 2014

The IMF expects global economic growth to rise to 3.4% in 2016, but that
would still be less than the annual average of 3.7% for the previous
10 years.

GLOBAL OIL AND GAS DEMAND AND SUPPLY

Reflecting the combination of the economic conditions described above and
of low crude oil prices during the year, global oil demand rose by 1.8%
(1.7 million barrels per day (b/d}} in 2015, according to the International
Energy Agency's (IEA) January 2016 Oil Market Report. This annual oil
demand growth was the highest since 2005. Lower crude oil prices are
thought to have triggered additional demand not only from end-consumers,
for example in the USA, but also strategic petroleum reserves building in
Asia, particularly China. Demand grew in emerging and advanced
economies

The Brent crude oil price, an international crude-oil benchmark, averaged
$52/b, the lowest level since 2005. As in 2014, oil supply continued to
grow faster than demand. On the non-OPEC supply side, the US Energy
Information Administration reported another year of continued supply growth
albeit at a slower pace. Daily production in the USA declined in the second
half of 2015, as light tight oil producers drilled fewer wells in response to
lower prices. However, ongoing technical improvements and increased
focus on the most productive areas helped increase recovery per well
OPEC oil production grew by | million b/d year-on-year driven primarily
by Saudi Arabia and Iraq. At the June and December OPEC meetings, it
was decided not to reduce production in support of oil prices. The market
interpreted these decisions as an increased risk of oversupply: crude oil
prices remained low and ended the year at around $36/b for Brent
compared with $54/b at the start of the year

We estimate that global gas demand grew by less than 1% in 2015, which
is much lower than the average annual growth rate of about 2.3% in the
past decade. A combination of mild weather and continued moderate
global economic growth led to a lower rate of demand growth in most
regions. We believe that most of the growth in demand was in the USA
with an estimated 10% increase over 2014, driven by its power generation
and industrial sectors. Asian gas demand growth weakened in the key
markets of China, Japan and Korea. Chinese demand in the first nine
months of 2015 grew by only 3% year-on-year, compared with the average

15% growth seen in previous years. Gas demand across the European
Union is expected to have increased by about 7% in 2015 compared with
2014, according to the latest forecast from gas industry association
Eurogas. The first half of 2015 saw a significant increase of approximately
9% in gas demand, compared with the same period in 2014.

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES

The following table provides an overview of the main crude oil and natural
gas price markers that we are exposed to:

OIL AND GAS AVERAGE INDUSTRY PRICES [A]

2015 2014 2013
Brent ($/b) 52 99 109
West Texas Intermediate ($/b) 49 93 98
Henry Hub ($/MMBtu) 2.6 4.3 37
UK National Balancing Point (pence/therm) 43 50 68
Japan Customs-cleared Crude ($/b) 55 105 110

[A] Yearly average prices are based on daily spot prices. The 2015 average price for Japan
Customscleored Crude excludes December data

The Brent crude oil price traded in a range of $35-67/b in 2015, ending
the year at about $36/b. Both the Brent and the West Texas Intermediate
(WTI) average crude oil prices for 2015 were lower than in 2014, as a
result of demand growth being outpaced by continued supply growth,
which has resulted in crude oil and oil products inventory levels well above
their historical five-year averages

On a yearly average basis, WTI traded at a $3/b discount to Brent in
2015, compared with $6/b in 2014. The discount widened during the
spring US refinery maintenance season to about $13/b as a consequence
of reduced refinery crude oil intake and therefore higher crude oil inventory
levels in the landlocked Cushing, Oklahoma, trading hub. Towards the end
of the year, Brent and WTI crude oil prices were nearly equal

Looking ahead, significant price volatility can be expected in the short to
medium term. Crude oil prices may strengthen if the global economy
accelerates, or if supply tightens as a result of a further deceleration in
non-OPEC production growth due to the current price weakness, if OPEC
countries reduce their production levels, or if supply disruptions occur in
major producing countries. Alternatively, crude oil prices may weaken
further if economic growth slows or production continues to rise, for example
from Iran after the lifting of sanctions

Unlike crude oil pricing, which is global in nature, natural gas prices vary
significantly from region to region. In the USA, the natural gas price at the
Henry Hub averaged $2.6 per million British thermal units (MMBrtu) in
2015, 40% lower than in 2014, and traded in a range of
$1.5-3.3/MMBtu. The year 2015 began with normal winter weather and
gas at the Henry Hub traded between $2 and 3.3/MMBItu through the first
half of the year. But robust growth in gas production and normal weather in
the summer led to a gradual decline in prices during the second half as gas
in storage reached a record high of some 4 trillion cubic feet by November
2015. A relatively very warm start of the 2015-2016 winter season led to
a steep decline in Henry Hub prices which then remained below
$2/MMBlu for prolonged periods. In the longer term, the US market may
tighten due to exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG)

In Europe, natural gas prices fell during 2015. The average natural gas
price at the UK National Balancing Point was 14% lower than in 2014. At
the main continental European gas trading hubs — in the Netherlands,
Belgium and Germany — prices were similarly weak. Lower prices reflected
ample supply which was in part driven by lower oil-indexed contract prices


--- Page 12 ---

ELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FOR

2015

Weather, a key driver for gas demand, was mixed during the year with
unusually mild temperatures in the fourth quarter.

We also produce and sell natural gas in regions where supply, demand
and regulatory circumstances differ markedly from those in the USA or
Europe. Long-term contracted LNG prices in Asia-Pacific generally fell in
2015 as they are predominantly indexed to the price of Japan
Customs-cleared Crude JCC), which has fallen as global crude oil prices
have weakened

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICE ASSUMPTIONS

Our ability to deliver competitive returns and pursue commercial
opportunities depends in part on the robustness and, ultimately, the
accuracy of our price assumptions (see "Risk factors” on page 08). The
range of possible future crude oil and natural gas prices used in project and
portfolio evaluations is determined after a rigorous assessment of short,
medium and long-term market drivers. Historical analyses, trends and
statistical volatility are considered in this assessment, as are analyses of
market fundamentals such as possible future economic conditions,
geopolitics, actions by OPEC and other major resource holders, production
costs and the balance of supply and demand. Sensitivity analyses are used
to test the impact of low-price drivers, such as economic weakness, and
high-price drivers, such as strong economic growth and low investment in
new production capacity. Short+term events, such as relatively warm winters
or cool summers, affect demand. Supply disruptions, due to weather or
political instability, contribute to price volatility

REFINING AND PETROCHEMICAL MARGINS
REFINING MARKER AVERAGE INDUSTRY GROSS

MARGINS ($/B)

2015 2014 2013

US West Coast 19.4 95 87
US Gulf Coast Coking 10.6 5.5 3.9
Rotterdam Complex 47 1.3 1A
Singapore 47 (0.1) (1.0)

Industry gross refining margins were higher on average in 2015 than in
2014 in each of the key refining hubs in Europe, Singapore and the USA
Oil products demand growth was stronger globally, driven in part by the
sustained lower crude oil price environment compared with 2014. The
refining industry has seen a period of generally tightening capacity,
reducing the overcapacity that has been observed for several years
However, the improved gross margins have probably delayed some further
capacity rationalisation, especially in Europe

In 2016, demand for gasoline is expected to be a key driver of gross
refining margins, especially in the middle of the year, supported by demand
for middle distillates. The overall outlook remains unclear because of
continuing economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions in some regions that
could lead to supply disruptions, and continued overcapacity in the global
refining market

ET OVERVIEW

CRACKER INDUSTRY MARGINS ($/TONNE)
2015 2014 2013

North East/South East Asia naphtha 463 296 132
Western Europe naphtha 617 613 548
US ethane 498 798 770

In Chemicals, Asian naphtha cracker margins increased in 2015 compared
with 2014 due to periods of reduced cracker availability. European
naphtha cracker margins remained high in 2015, supported by periods of
low cracker availability. US ethane cracker margins were significantly lower
due to a narrower differential between crude oil prices and US natural gas
prices

The outlook for petrochemicals in 2016 will depend on economic growth,
especially in Asia, and developments in relative raw material prices which
will be influenced by crude oil prices


--- Page 13 ---

VARY OF RESULTS

SUMMARY OF RESULTS

SHELL ANNUAL REI

RT AND FORM 20F 2015

KEY STATISTICS $ MILLION, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INDICATED

2015 2014 2013

Earnings by segment [A]
Upstream (5,663) 15,841 12,638
Downstream 10,243 3,411 3,869
Corporate (425) (156) 372
Total segment earnings [A][B] 4,155 19,096 16,879
Attributable to non-controlling interest (313) (55) (134)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders [B] 3,842 19,041 16,745
Capital investment [B] 28,861 37,339 46,041
Divestments [B] 5,540 15,019 1,738
Operating expenses [B] 41,144 45,225 44,379
Return on average capital employed [B] 1.9% 7.1% 7%
Gearing at December 31 [C] 14.0% 12.2% 16.1%
Proved oil and gas reserves at December 31 (million boe) 1,747 13,081 13,944

[A] Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis. See Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 127-128

[B] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions’ on pages 198-199
[C] See Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 134.

EARNINGS 2015-2014

Global realised liquids prices in 2015 were 48% lower than in 2014
Global realised natural gas prices were 27% lower than in 2014. Oil and
gas production available for sale in 2015 was 2,954 thousand barrels of
oil equivalent per day (boe/d) compared with 3,080 thousand boe/d in
2014. Liquids production increased by 2% and natural gas production
decreased by 9% compared with 2014

Realised refining margins were significantly higher in 2015 than in 2014,
driven by stronger industry gross margins and improved availability early in
2015, which allowed our refineries to capitalise on the strong margin
environment.

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis (CCS earnings) exclude the
effect of changes in the oil price on inventory valuation, as the purchase
price of the volumes sold during a period is based on the current cost of
supplies during the same period, after making allowance for the tax effect
Accordingly, when oil prices increase during the period, CCS earnings are
likely to be lower than earnings calculated on a first-in firstout (FIFO) basis
Similarly, in a period with declining oil prices, CCS earings are likely to
be higher than earnings calculated on a FIFO basis. This explains why
2015 CCS earnings attributable to shareholders were higher than income
attributable to shareholders calculated on a FIFO basis, as shown in “Non-
GAAP measures and other definitions” on page 198

CSS earnings attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders were
$3,842 million in 2015 compared with $19,041 million in 2014

Upstream earnings in 2015 were a loss of $5,663 million, compared with
‘an income of $15,841 million in 2014. Lower earnings in 2015 reflected
the significant decline in oil and gas prices, charges associated with
management's decision to cease Alaska drilling activities for the
foreseeable future and the Carmon Creek project in Canada, higher
impairment charges, lower divestment gains and the weakening of the
Australian dollar and Brazilian real on deferred tax positions, partly offset
by lower operating expenses and depreciation, depletion and amortisation
See "Upstream" on page 23

Downstream earnings in 2015 were $10,243 million compared with
$3,411

operating expenses, as a result of favourable exchange rates and

million in 2014. The increase was principally driven by lower

divestments, higher realised refining margins, and a lower effective tax rate,

together with lower impairment charges and higher divestment gains. See
"Downstream" on pages 41-42

Corporate earnings in 2015 were a loss of $425 million, compared with a
loss of $156 million in 2014. See “Corporate” on page 48

As set out in Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements" on page
127, earnings included a taxation charge of $493 million in 2015,
compared with $15,038 million in 2014. This reduction was due to the
significant tax credits associated with the impairment charges, and other
charges related to ceasing activities in Alaska and the Carmon Creek
project, and to the overall reduction in Upstream earnings before taxation
as a result of lower oil and gas prices

EARNINGS 2014-2013
CCS earnings attributable to shareholders in 2014 were 14% higher than
in 2013

Upstream earnings in 2014 were $15,841 million, compared with
$12,638 million in 2013. The increase was mainly driven by increased
contributions from liquids production volumes, higher divestment gains,
lower exploration expenses, increased contributions from Trading and
Supply and lower impairment charges. These effects were partially offset by
the impact of declining oil prices and higher depreciation (excluding
impairments)

Downstream earnings in 2014 were $3,411 million compared with
$3,869 million in 2013, reflecting significantly higher charges for
impairment which were partially offset by higher realised refining margins,
higher earnings from Trading and Supply and lower operating expenses

Corporate earnings in 2014 were a loss of $156 million, compared with a
gain of $372 million in 2013

CAPITAL INVESTMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION
Capital investment was $28.9 billion in 2015, compared with

$37.3 billion in 2014, reflecting our decision to curtail spending. See
“Upstream” on page 24 and "Downstream" on page 42

Divestments were $5.5 billion in 2015, compared with $15.0 billion in
2014. See “Upstream” on page 24 and “Downstream” on page 42


--- Page 14 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

The decrease in operating expenses from $45.2 billion in 2015 to
$41.1 billion in 2014 included favourable exchange rate effects and the
impact of divestments. See "Upstream" on page 23 and "Downstream" on
page 41

Our return on average capital employed (ROACE] decreased to 1.9%
compared with 7.1% in 2014, due to lower earnings. In 2015, 31% of our
average capital employed was not generating any revenue, which reduced
our ROACE by 1%. These assets included projects being developed and
exploration acreage

Gearing was 14.0% at the end of 2015, compared with 12.2% at the end
of 2014. Debt and cash increased by $12.8 billion and $10.1 billion
respectively, and total equity decreased by $8.7 billion. See “Liquidity and
capital resources” on page 50

PROVED RESERVES AND PRODUCTION

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised in “Upstream” on
pages 25-26 and set out in more detail in “Supplementary information — oil
and gas (unaudited)” on pages 153-161

In 2015, proved reserves before taking production into account decreased
by 220 million boe, of which 157 million boe came from Shell subsidiaries
and 63 million boe from the Shell share of joint ventures and associates,
including a net reduction from sales and purchases of 84 million boe. The
proved reserves changes in 2015 included an addition of 600 million boe
as a result of an increased entitlement share due to the lower yearly
average price applied to production-sharing contracts (PSC) and tax/
variable royalty contracts.

In 2015, total oil and gas production was 1,114 million boe, of which
1,078 million boe was available for sale and 36 million boe was
consumed in operations. Production available for sale from subsidiaries was
880 million boe and 27 million boe was consumed in operations. The Shell
share of the production available for sale of joint ventures and associates
was 198 million boe and 9 million boe was consumed in operations

Accordingly, after taking production into account, our proved reserves
decreased in 2015 by 1,334 million boe to 11,747 million boe at
December 31, 2015, with a decrease of 1,064 million boe from
subsidiaries and a decrease of 270 million boe from the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates

KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

See Note 2 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 120-125

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

See Note 25 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 151

SUMMARY OF RESULTS

PUBLICATION OF PROFIT ESTIMATES

In our update on fourth quarter 2015 and full year 2015 unaudited results
published on January 20, 2016, we made the following profit estimates for
the full year 2015

= Earnings on a CCS basis were expected to be in the region of
$10.4-10.7 billion excluding “identified items”

= Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders was expected to
be in the region of $1.6-2.0 billion

The actual results for the full year 2015, in respect of the above profit
estimates, were within the ranges stated above, and were as follows

= Earnings on a CCS basis were $10,676 million, excluding a net charge
in Upstream of $7,443 million (see “Upstream” on page 23), a net gain
of $495 million in Downstream (see "Downstream" on pages 41-42) and
a net gain in Corporate of $114 million

= Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders was
$1,939 million. See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other
definitions” on page 198


--- Page 15 ---

ICE INDICATORS

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

SHELL ANNUAL REI

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Total shareholder return
2015 -29.9% 2014 -3.0%

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (million tonnes)
2015 22.6 2014 24.0

Total shareholder return (TSR) is the difference between the share price at
the beginning of the year and the share price at the end of the year (each
averaged over 30 days), plus gross dividends delivered during the
calendar year (reinvested quarterly), expressed as a percentage of the share
price at the beginning of the year {averaged over 30 days]. The data used
are a weighted average in dollars for A and B shares. The TSRs of major
publicly-traded oil and gas companies can be compared directly, providing
a way to determine how we are performing in relation to our industry peers

Net cash from operating activities ($ billion)
2015 30 2014 45

Net cash from operating activities is the total of all cash receipts and
payments associated with our sales of oil, gas, chemicals and other
products. The components that provide a reconciliation from income for the
period are listed in the “Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows". This
indicator reflects our ability to generate cash for both distributions to
shareholders and investments. See "Liquidity and capital resources” on
page 49

Project delivery
2015 82% 2014 83%

Project delivery reflects our capability to complete major projects on time
and within budget on the basis of targets set in our annual Business Plan
The set of projects consists of at least 20 Shell-operated capital projects that
are in the execution phase (post final investment decision) and are reflected
in the above index

Production available for sale (thousand boe/d)
2015 2,954 2014 3,080

Production is the sum of all average daily volumes of unrefined oil and
natural gas produced for sale by Shell subsidiaries and Shell’s share of
those produced for sale by joint ventures and associates. The unrefined oil
comprises crude oil, natural gas liquids, synthetic crude oil and bitumen
The gas volume is converted into equivalent barrels of oil to make the
summation possible. Changes in production have a significant impact on
our cash flow. See “Upstream” on page 24

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (LNG) is a measure of the operational
performance of our Upstream business and LNG market demand. See
"Upstream" on page 24

Refinery and chemical plant availability
2015 89.3% 2014 92.1%

Refinery and chemical plant availability is the weighted average of the
actual uptime of plants as a percentage of their maximum possible uptime
The weighting is based on the capital employed, adjusted for cash and
non-current liabilities. It excludes downtime due to uncontrollable factors,
such as hurricanes. This indicator is a measure of the operational excellence

of our Downstream manufacturing facilities. See “Downstream” on page 42

Total recordable case frequency (injuries per million working hours)
2015 0.94 2014 0.99

Total recordable case frequency (TRCF) is the number of staff or contractor
injuries requiring medical treatment or time off for every million hours
worked. It is a standard measure of occupational safety. See “Environment
and society" on pages 53-54



--- Page 16 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND F

ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to
Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders ($ million)

2015 3,842 2014 19,041
Earnings per share on a current cost of supplies basis ($)
2015 0.61 2014 3.02

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis (CCS earnings) attributable to
Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders is the income for the period, adjusted for
the after-tax effect of oilprice changes on inventory and non-controlling
interest. See “Summary of results” on page 18

CCS earnings per share, which is on a diluted basis above, is calculated
by dividing CCS earnings attributable to shareholders by the average
number of shares outstanding over the year, increased by the average
number of dilutive shares related to share-based compensation plans

Capital investment ($ million)
2015 28,861 2014 37,339

Capital investment is a measure used to make decisions about allocating
resources and assessing performance. It is defined as capital expenditure
and investments in joint ventures and associates as reported in the
“Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows" plus exploration expense,
excluding exploration wells written off, new finance leases and other
adjustments. See "Liquidity and capital resources” on page 52 and "Non-
GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on page 198

Capital investment has replaced net capital investment as a performance
indicator and is aligned with the basis for capital allocation in our annua
Business Plan

Return on average capital employed
2015 1.9% 2014 7.1%

Return on average capital employed [ROACE) is defined as annual income,
adjusted for after-tax interest expense, as a percentage of average capital
employed during the year. Capital employed is the sum of total equity and
total debt. ROACE measures the efficiency of our utilisation of the capital
that we employ and is a common measure of business performance. See
"Summary of results” on page 19 and “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations
and other definitions” on page 199

Employees (thousand)
2015 93 2014 94

The employees indicator consists of the annual average full-time employee
equivalent of the total number of people on full-time or parttime employment
contracts with Shell subsidiaries, including our share of employees of certain
additional joint operations. See "Our people” on page 60

Proved oil and gas reserves (million boe)

2015 11,747 2014 13,081

Proved oil and gas reserves are the total estimated quantities of oil and gas
from Shell subsidiaries and Shell's share from joint ventures and associates
that geoscience and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable
certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs, at
December 31, under existing economic conditions, operating methods and
government regulations. Gas volumes are converted into barrels of oil
equivalent (boe] using a factor of 5,800 standard cubic feet per barrel
Reserves are crucial to an oil and gas company, since they constitute the
source of future production. Reserves estimates are subject to change due to
a wide variety of factors, some of which are unpredictable. See “Summary
of results” on page 19

Operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
2015 108 2014 153

The operational spills indicator is the number of incidents in respect of
activities where we are the operator in which 100 kilograms or more of oil
or oil products were spilled as a result of those activities. See “Environment
and society" on page 56

Refining Energy Intensity Index (EII™) (indexed to 2002)
2015 95.4 2014 94.9

The Energy Intensity Index (ElI™), as described in Solomon Associates
Refinery Comparative Performance Analysis Methodology 2014, is a
benchmark to compare energy efficiency of fuel refineries and paraffinic
base oil plants. The Solomon Ell™ is defined as the energy consumed by a
refinery divided by the energy standard for the specific individual refinery
configuration. See "Environment and sociely” on page 56

Gearing
2015 14.0% 2014 12.2%

Direct greenhouse gas emissions (million tonnes of CO, equivalent)
2015 72 2014 76

Gearing is defined as net debt (total debt less cash and cash equivalents)
as a percentage of total capital (net debt plus total equity), at

December 31. It is a measure of the degree to which our operations are
financed by debt. See "Liquidity and capital resources” on page 50.

Direct greenhouse gas emissions from facilities operated by Shell, expressed
in CO> equivalent. See "Environment and society” on pages 55-56

Number of operational Tier 1 process safety events
2015 51 2014 57

A Tier 1 process safety event is an unplanned or uncontrolled release of any
material, including nontoxic and non-flammable materials, from a process
with the greatest actual consequence resulting in harm to members of our
workforce or a neighbouring community, damage to equipment, or
exceeding a threshold quantity as defined by the API Recommended
Practice 754 and IOGP Standard 456. See “Environment and society” on
pages 53.54



--- Page 17 ---

ATA

SELECTED FINANCIAL SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected financial data set out below are derived, in part, from the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. This data should be read in conjunction with
the “Consolidated Financial Statements” and related Notes, as well as with this Strategic Report.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME AND OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DATA $ MILLION

2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Revenue 264,960 421,105 451,235 467,153 470,171
Income for the period 2,200 14,730 16,526 26,960 31,093
Income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 261 (144) 155 248 267
Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders 1,939 14,874 16,371 26,712 30,826
Comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to Royal Dutch
Shell plc shareholders (811) 2,692 18,243 24,470 26,250
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Total assets 340,157 353,116 357,512 350,294 337,474
Total debt 58,379 45,540 44,562 37,754 37,175
Share capital 546 540 542 542 536
Equity attributable to Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders 162,876 171,966 180,047 174,749 158,480
Non-controlling interest 1,245 820 1,101 1,433 1,486
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Basic earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 0.31 2.36 2.60 4.27 497
Diluted earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 0.30 2.36 2.60 4.26 4.96
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Basic weighted average number of A and B shares 6,320.3 6,311.5 6,291.1 6,261.2 6,212.5
Diluted weighted average number of A and B shares 6,393.8 6,311.6 6,293.4 6,267.8 6,221.7
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Net cash from operating activities 29,810 45,044 40,440 46,140 36,771
Dividends paid to Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders 9,370 9 444 7,198 7,390 6,877
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 10,145 11,911 (8,854) 7,258 (2,152)
Earnings by segment [A]
Upstream (5,663) 15,841 12,638 22,244 24,466
Downstream 10,243 3,411 3,869 5,382 4,170
Corporate (425) (156) 372 (203) 102
Total segment earnings 4,155 19,096 16,879 27, A23 28,738
Attributable to non-controlling interest (313) (55) (134) (259) (205)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to Royal
Dutch Shell plc shareholders [A][B] 3,842 19,041 16,745 27,164 28,533
Capital investment [A][B] 28,861 37,339 46,041 36,761 31,051
Divestments [A][B] 5,540 15,019 1,738 6,958 7,548
Operating expenses [A][B] 41,144 45,225 44,379 41,987 42,035
Return on average capital employed [A][B] 1.9% 7.1% 7.9% 13.6% 16.6%
Gearing at December 31 [A] 14.0% 12.2% 16.1% 9.8% 13.9%

[A] See “Summary of results’ on pages 18-19. :
[B] See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on pages 198-199. Divesiments include proceeds from sale of interests in Shell Midstream Pariners, LP.


--- Page 18 ---

ELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FOR

2015

UPSTREAM

UPSTREAM

KEY STATISTICS

$ MILLION, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INDICATED

2015 2014 2013
Segment earnings [A] (5,663) 15,841 12,638
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) [A] 53,927 92,299 92,869
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates [A] 1,962 5,502 6,120
Interest and other income [A] 2,356 4,029 659
Operating expenses [B] 19,828 22,003 20,612
Exploration 5,719 4,224 5,278
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation [A] 23,001 17,868 16,949
Taxation charge [A] 10 15,277 17,803
Capital investment [B] 23,527 31,293 40,303
Divestments [B] 2,747 10,589 1,086
Oil and gas production available for sale (thousand boe/d) 2,954 3,080 3,199
Equity sales of LNG (million tonnes) 22.6 24.0 19.6
Proved oil and gas reserves at December 31 (million boe) 1,747 13,081 13,944

[A] See Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 127.
[B] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on pages 198-199.

OVERVIEW

Our Upstream businesses explore for and extract crude oil and natural gas,
often in joint arrangements with international and state-owned oil and gas
companies. We also extract bitumen from mined oil sands which we
convert into synthetic crude oil. We liquefy natural gas by cooling it and
transport the liquefied natural gas (LNG) to customers around the world. We
also convert natural gas to liquids (GTL to provide high-quality fuels and
other products, and we market and trade crude oil and natural gas
(including LNG} in support of our Upstream businesses

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Global cil demand rose by 1.8% (1.7 million barrels per day (b/d) in
2015, according to the International Energy Agency's January 2016 Oil
Market Report. The Brent crude oil price averaged $52/b, the lowest level
since 2005. It traded in a range of $35-67/b in 2015, ending the year at
about $36/b. See "Market overview" on pages 16-17

We estimate that global gas demand grew by less than 1% in 2015, which
is much lower than the average annual growth rate of about 2.3% in the
past decade. In the USA, the natural gas price at the Henry Hub averaged
$2.6 per million British thermal units (MMBtu) in 2015, 40% lower than in
2014, and traded in a range of $1.5-3.3/MMBlu. In Europe, natural gas
prices fell during 2015. The average natural gas price at the UK National
Balancing Point was 14% lower than in 2014. At the main continental
European gas trading hubs — in the Netherlands, Belgium and

Germany — prices were similarly weak. See "Market overview” on

pages 16-17

EARNINGS 2015-2014

Segment earnings in 2015 were a loss of $5,663 million, which included
a net charge of $7,443 million. This net charge included $4,616 million in
the third quarter related to impairments, redundancy and restructuring, and
other items such as contract provisions and well write-offs, associated with
management's decision in the quarter to cease Alaska drilling activities for
the foreseeable future and the Carmon Creek project in Canada. Charges
for Alaska were $2,584 million, which included $755 million associated
with well write-offs, and charges for Carmon Creek were $2,032 million
The net charge also reflected other impairment charges of some $4,575
million, principally triggered by the downward revision of our long-term oil
and gas price outlook. These charges were partly offset by net gains on
divestments of around $1,640 million and a credit of $604 million
reflecting a statutory tax rate reduction in the UK. Other net charges of

$496 million related to the negative impact of a statutory tax rate change in
Canada, redundancy and restructuring costs and the impact of fair value
accounting of certain commodity derivatives and gas contracts.

Segment earnings in 2014 of $15,841 million included a net charge of
$664 million, reflecting impairment charges of $2,406 million and further
charges of $718 million related to an update of an Australian deferred tax
asset and a deferred tax liability related to an associate company. These
charges were partly offset by divestment gains of $2,073 million, the net
effect of fair value accounting of commodity derivatives and certain gas
contracts and the impact of amendments to our Dutch pension plan

Excluding the net charges as described above, segment earnings in 2015
decreased by 89% compared with 2014. Earnings were principally
impacted by the significant decline in oil and gas prices (around $15,875
million) and the effect of the weakening of the Australian dollar and
Brazilian real on deferred tax positions (around $440 million in total)
Earnings benefited from lower operating expenses, including favourable
exchange rate effects and divestments (around $1,655 million in total), and
decreased depreciation, depletion and amortisation (around $515 million)
Integrated Gas contributed significantly (around $5.2 billion) to 2015
earnings. Upstream Americas incurred a loss in 2015, primarily driven by
low oil and gas prices and the weakening of the Brazilian real, and partly
offset by lower operating expenses and a more liquids-based production
mix.

Global realised liquids prices were 48% lower than in 2014. Global
realised gas prices were 27% lower than in 2014, with a 47% decrease in
the Americas and a 24% decrease outside the Americas

EARNINGS 2014-2013

Segment earnings in 2014 of $15,841 million included a net charge of
$664 million, as described above. Segment earnings in 2013 of
$12,638 million included a net charge of $2,479 million, primarily related
to the impairment of liquids-rich shale properties in North America, partly
offset by net tax credits and gains on divestments.

Excluding the net charges described above, segment earnings in 2014
increased by 9% compared with 2013, driven by increased contributions
from liquids production volumes from both the startup of new high-margin
deep-water projects and improved operational performance. Earnings also


--- Page 19 ---

UPSTREAM,

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

reflected lower exploration expenses, primarily driven by fewer well write-
offs, and increased contributions from Trading and Supply. Earnings were
impacted by declining oil prices, losses in Upstream Americas tightgas and
liquids-rich shale, and higher depreciation

CAPITAL INVESTMENT AND DIVESTMENTS

Capital investment in 2015 was $23.5 billion compared with

$31.3 billion in 2014, reflecting our decision to curtail spending by
reducing the number of new investment decisions and pursuing lower-cost
development solutions.

Divestments in 2015 were $2.7 billion in 2015, compared with $10.6
billion in 2014. Divestments in 2015 were mainly from the sale of OMLs
18, 29, 71 and 72, and the Nembe Creek Trunk Line (NCTL) in Nigeria,
and of our interest in Elba Liquefaction Company, LLC (Elba Liquefaction). In
2014, divestments related to a portion of our shareholding in Woodside
and our interest in Wheatstone in Australia, to part of our interest in Parque
das Conchas (BC-10) in Brazil and to Haynesville and Pinedale in the USA.

PORTFOLIO AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

We took the following key portfolio decisions in 2015

a In April 2015, the Boards of the Company and BG Group ple (BG)
announced that they had reached agreement on the terms of a
recommended cash and share offer to be made by the Company for BG
In January 2016, shareholders of both the Company and BG voted in
favour of the transaction, which was completed on February 15, 2016
See "Strategy and outlook” on page 15

= Offshore Alaska, we drilled the Burger J well to target depth as planned

The well was considered a dry hole, with minor oil and gas shows, and

the result renders the Burger prospect uneconomic. This, combined with

the current economic and regulatory environment, led us to cease further
exploration activity offshore Alaska for the foreseeable future

In Canada, we announced that we will not continue construction of the

80 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) Carmon Creek

thermal in-situ project (Shell interest 100%). After a careful review of the

project, it was determined that it does not rank in our portfolio.

In Malaysia, the LNG Dua JVA expired and we transferred our 15%

shareholding to PETRONAS, in accordance with the original JVA terms

With the expiry of the Malaysia LNG Dua production-sharing contract

(PSC), we handed over the operatorship and our 50% interest to

PETRONAS

We took one major final investment decision (FID) and postponed a

number of FIDs. We decided to advance the Appomattox deep-water

development (Shell interest 79%) in the Gulf of Mexico, USA. Appomattox
will initially produce from the Appomattox and Vicksburg fields, with peak
production estimated to be 175 thousand boe/d

In January 2016, in the United Arab Emirates, we decided to exit the joint
development of the Bab sour gas reservoirs (Shell interest 40%) with Abu
Dhabi National Oil Company [ADNOC) in the emirate of Abu Dhabi, and
to stop further work on the project. The development of the project no longer
fits with our strategy, particularly in view of the economic climate prevailing
in the energy industry

In February 2016, we announced that we postponed the FID on the Bonga
South West deep-water project in Nigeria and that, together with our
partners, we elected to postpone the FID of the proposed LNG project in
Canada to late 2016

We achieved the following operational milestones in 2015

a In Nigeria, Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company Lid
(SNEPCO) announced the first production from the Bonga Phase 3 project

(Shell interest 55%). Bonga Phase 3 is an expansion of the Bonga Main
development, with peak production expected to be about 50 thousand
boe/d. The oil will be transported through existing pipelines to the Bonga
floating production, storage and offloading facility (FPSO), which has the
capacity to produce more than 200 thousand barrels of oil and 150 million
standard cubic feet (scf] of gas per day.

Also in Nigeria, Erha North Phase 2 began production. Erha North
Phase 2 (Shell interest 43.75%) is a deep-water subsea development
situated 100 kilometres offshore, in 1,000 metres of water, 6 kilometres
north of the Erha field

In Ireland, we achieved first production from the Corrib gas field (Shell
interest 45%). At peak production, the Corrib gas field is expected to
produce around 45 thousand boe/d

In Australia, the partners in the Browse joint arrangement agreed to enter
the frontend engineering and design (FEED) phase for the proposed non-
operated Browse floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) development (Shell
interest 27%], using Shell FLING technology. The proposed development is
expected to produce around 12 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of LNG.

In Australia, production of LNG and condensate started at the Gorgon LNG
project on Barrow Island, off the northwest coast, in March 2016

We continued to divest selected assets during 2015, including the
following

= In Nigeria, we completed the sale of our 30% interest in OMLs 18 and
29 and related facilities in the Eastern Niger Delta, and the NCTL.

= Also in Nigeria, we completed the sale of our 30% interests in OMLs 71
and 72 to West African Exploration and Production Company Limited, as
part of our ongoing portfolio review and optimisation. Both of these
blocks were non-producing

am In the USA, we sold our 49% interest in Elba Liquefaction to Kinder
Morgan, Inc., and exited the Elba Liquefaction project as a result. We
retain the rights to 100% of the liquefaction capacity through a tolling
arrangement

In New Zealand, we agreed to sell our 83.75% interest in the Maui natural
gas pipeline to First State Investments for a consideration of around

$0.2 billion. The transaction is expected to be completed in 2016, subject
to regulatory approval

PRODUCTION AVAILABLE FOR SALE

In 2015, production was 2,954 thousand boe/d compared with

3,080 thousand boe/d in 2014. Liquids production increased by 2% and
natural gas production decreased by 9% compared with 2014

Production in 2015 was impacted by the divestment of a number of assets
(mainly shale assets in the USA and OMls in Nigeria}, field declines,
curtailment of production at Groningen in the Netherlands, licence expiries
in Malaysia in 2015 and Abu Dhabi in 2014, and higher maintenance
activities

These reductions were partly offset by new field startups and the continued
ramp-up of existing fields, in particular Cardamom and Mars B in the Gulf
of Mexico and Bonga in Nigeria, which together contributed approximately
120 thousand boe/d to production in 2015. Positive PSC price effects
provided further offset

EQUITY SALES OF LNG

Equity sales of LNG of 22.6 million tonnes were 6% lower than in 2014,
mainly reflecting the expiry of the Malaysia LNG Dua Joint Venture
Agreement [VA], the divestment of a portion of our shareholding in
Woodside Petroleum Limited (Woodside) in Australia and increased
maintenance activities.


--- Page 20 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM.

PROVED RESERVES

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised later in this
section on page 33 and set out in more detail in “Supplementary
information — oil and gas {unaudited)” on pages 153-161

In 2015, proved reserves before taking production into account decreased by
220 million boe, of which 157 million boe came from Shell subsidiaries and
63 million boe from the Shell share of joint ventures and associates.

In 2015, after taking production into account, our proved reserves
decreased by 1,334 million boe to 11,747 million boe at December 31,
2015

In order to illustrate the potential impact of falling commodity prices on our
2014 proved reserves base, we replaced the 2014 yearly average price
with the 2015 yearly average price in the analysis below, holding all other
variables, such as 2014 costs estimates, constant. Applying this
methodology, 1,707 million boe of proved reserves would have been
excluded from our SEC proved reserves at December 31, 2014, if the
2015 year average price had been used. This negative price effect of
1,707 million boe was the combined result of a decrease of 2,080 million
boe due to earlier economic cutoff, a decrease of 279 million boe due to
proved undeveloped reserves (PUD) no longer being economic, and an
increase of 652 million boe due to a higher entitlement share as a result of
the lower yearly average price. The 1,707 million boe negative price effect
includes reductions of 446 million boe of proved reserves for Carmon
Creek, and 950 million boe for Muskeg River Mine, both in Canada
Because of actions we took during 2015, our actual outcome does not
reflect this significant price effect. For example, the 2014 proved reserves
associated with the Muskeg River Mine remain part of our 2015 proved
reserves base because we were able to obtain significant structural cost
improvements in 2015 which offset the significant decline in prices.

Shell subsidiaries

Before taking production into account, Shell subsidiaries’ proved reserves
decreased by 157 million boe in 2015. This comprised a reduction of
211 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids and an addition of

54 million boe (315 thousand million scf) of natural gas. The reduction of
157 million boe was the net effect of a reduction of 150 million boe from
revisions and reclassifications; an addition of 4 million boe from improved
recovery; an addition of 89 million boe from extensions and discoveries;
and a net decrease of 100 million boe related to purchases and sales.

After taking into account production of 907 million boe (of which 27 million
boe were consumed in operations), Shell subsidiaries’ proved reserves
decreased by 1,064 million boe to 9,117 million boe at December 31,
2015

Shell subsidiaries’ proved developed reserves decreased by 210 million
boe to 6,567 million boe, and PUD decreased by 854 million boe to
2,550 million boe.

The total reduction of 157 million boe proved reserves in Shell subsidiaries
before taking production into account included an increase of 595 million boe
due to an increased entitlement share in production sharing and tax/variable
royalty contracts due to the lower yearly average price

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL

The 220 million boe reduction in total proved reserves included an addition
of 230 million barrels of synthetic crude oil, largely due to a reduction in
variable royalty due to the lower yearly average price. In 2015, synthetic
crude oil production was 52 million barrels, of which 2 million barrels were

UPSTREAM

consumed in operations. At December 31, 2015, synthetic crude oil
proved reserves were 1,941 million barrels, of which 1,405 million barrels
were proved developed reserves and 536 million barrels were PUD

BITUMEN.

The 220 million boe reduction in total proved reserves included a reduction
of 420 million barrels of bitumen, largely caused by the cessation of the
Carmon Creek project. In 2015, bitumen crude oil production was

5 million barrels with minimal volumes consumed in operations. At
December 31, 2015, bitumen crude oil proved reserves were 3 million
barrels

Shell share of joint ventures and associates

Before taking production into account, the Shell share of joint ventures and
associates’ proved reserves decreased by 63 million boe in 2015. This
comprised a reduction of 63 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids
and a negligible reduction of natural gas (2 thousand million scf). The
reduction of 63 million boe was the net effect of a reduction of 82 million
boe from revisions and reclassifications, an addition of 2 million boe from
extensions and discoveries, an increase of | million boe from improved
recovery and an increase of 16 million boe from purchases

After taking into account production of 207 million boe (of which 9 million
boe were consumed in operations), the Shell share of joint ventures and
associates’ proved reserves decreased by 270 million boe to 2,630 million
boe at December 31, 2015

The Shell share of joint ventures and associates’ proved developed reserves
decreased by 151 million boe to 2,055 million boe, and PUD decreased
by 119 million boe to 575 million boe

The total reduction of 63 million boe proved reserves in joint ventures and
associates before taking production into account included an increase of 5
million boe due to increased entitlement share in production sharing and
tax/variable royalty contracts due to the lower yearly average price

PROVED UNDEVELOPED RESERVES

In 2015, Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and
associates’ PUD decreased by 973 million boe to 3,125 million boe. A
large number of Shell fields saw reductions in PUD as a result of the lower
yearly average price, with the largest reductions due to the cessation of
Carmon Creek (Canada), economic limit test (ELT) failure of Stones (USA);
and volumes matured to proved developed reserves in Soku (Africa) and
Troll and Corrib (Europe). The most significant additions to PUD occurred in
Muskeg River Mine (Canada) and Caesar Tonga (USA). The 973 million
boe decrease in PUD was the net effect of a reduction of 1,070 million boe
from revisions and reclassifications, an addition of 96 million boe from
extensions, discoveries and improved recovery; and a net increase of

1 million boe related to purchases and sales.

During 2015, a total of 463 million boe of PUD were matured to proved
developed reserves from projects coming on stream. An amount of

112 million boe was matured to proved developed reserves from contingent
resource as a result of project execution during the year

PUD held for five years or more (PUD5+) at December 31, 2015,
amounted to 1,432 million boe, a decrease of 168 million boe compared
with the end of 2014. These PUD5+ remain undeveloped because
development either: requires the installation of gas compression and the
drilling of additional wells, which will be executed when required to support
existing gas delivery commitments (in the Netherlands and Russia); requires
gas cap blow down which is awaiting end-of-oil production (in Nigeria); or
will take longer than five years because of the complexity and scale of the
project (Australia and Kazakhstan)


--- Page 21 ---

UPSTREAM,

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

The decrease in PUD5S+ of 168 million boe was due to the maturation of
98 million boe PUDS+ to proved developed reserves and a net reduction of
70 million boe of PUD5+ as a result of certain projects no longer passing
the ELT due to the lower yearly average price and technical downward
revisions to certain PUD5S+, partially offset by the ageing of a small amount
of PUD that are now more than five years old. Three fields - Soku (Africa),
Troll (Europe) and Malampaya (Asia) — were the main contributors to the
reduction from PUDS+ to proved developed reserves from compression
projects being brought on stream and PUD volumes being matured to
proved developed reserves. The fields with the largest PUD5+ at December
31, 2015, were Muskeg River Mine (Canada), followed by Gorgon and
Jansz-lo (Oceania), Groningen (Europe), and Kashaghan (Asia)

During 2015, we spent $13.9 billion on development activities related to
PUD maturation

DELIVERY COMMITMENTS

We sell crude oil and natural gas from our producing operations under a
variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally commit us to sell
quantities based on production from specified properties, although some
natural gas sales contracts specify delivery of fixed and determinable
quantities, as discussed below.

In the past three years, with the exception of Brunei, we met all contractual
delivery commitments. In the period 2016 to 2018, we are contractually
committed to deliver to third parties and joint ventures and associates a total
of approximately 3,700 thousand million scf of natural gas from our
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. The sales contracts contain a
mixture of fixed and variable pricing formulae that are generally referenced
to the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or other petroleum
products at the time of delivery

The shortfall between our delivery commitments and our proved developed
reserves is estimated at 29% of our total gas delivery commitments. This
shortfall is expected to be met through the development of proved
undeveloped reserves as well as new projects and purchases on the spot
market

EXPLORATION

In 2015, we made six notable discoveries and appraisals, including in
Australia, Brazil, the UK and the USA. Discoveries will be evaluated further
in order to establish the extent of commercially producible volumes they
contain

In 2015, we participated in 148 productive exploratory wells with proved
reserves allocated (Shell share: 114 wells). For further information, see
“Supplementary information — oil and gas (unaudited)" on page 169

In 2015, we participated in a further 185 wells (Shell share: 117 wells)
that remained pending determination at December 31, 2015

In total, the net undeveloped acreage in our exploration portfolio decreased
by around 4.8 million acres in 2015, with the largest contributions
comprising acreage relinquishment in Benin, China, Gabon, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Tunisia, Ukraine and the USA; and an acreage reduction in
Canada. These effects were partially offset by acreage acquisitions in
Algeria, Australia, Indonesia and Myanmar

BUSINESS AND PROPERTY

Our subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are involved in all aspects of
upstream activities, including matters such as land tenure, entitlement to
produced hydrocarbons, production rates, royalties, pricing, environmental
protection, social impact, exports, taxes and foreign exchange

The conditions of the leases, licences and contracts under which oil and gas
interests are held vary from country to country. In almost all cases outside
North America, the legal agreements are generally granted by, or entered
into with, a government, state-owned company or governmenttun oil and
gas company, and the exploration risk usually rests with the independent oil
and gas company. In North America, these agreements may also be with
private parties that own mineral rights. Of these agreements, the following
are most relevant to our interests

Licences (or concessions}, which entitle the holder to explore for hydrocarbons
and exploit any commercial discoveries. Under a licence, the holder bears the
risk of exploration, development and production activities, and is responsible
for financing these activities. In principle, the licence holder is entitled to the
totality of production less any royalties in kind. The government, state-owned
company or governmentrun oil and gas company may sometimes enter into a
joint arrangement as a participant sharing the rights and obligations of the
licence but usually without sharing the exploration risk. In a few cases, the
state-owned company, governmentrun oil and gas company or agency has
‘an option to purchase a certain share of production

= lease agreements, which are typically used in North America and are

usually governed by similar terms as licences. Participants may include

governments or private entities, and royalties are either paid in cash or in
kind

Production-sharing contracts (PSCs) entered into with a government,

state-owned company or governmentrun oil and gas company. PSCs

generally oblige the independent oil and gas company, as contractor, to
provide all the financing and bear the risk of exploration, development and
production activities in exchange for a share of the production. Usually, this
share consists of a fixed or variable part that is reserved for the recovery of
the contractor's cost (cost oil). The remaining production is split with the
government, state-owned company or governmentrun oil and gas company
on a fixed or volume/revenue-dependent basis. In some cases, the
government, stateowned company or governmentrun oil and gas company
will participate in the rights and obligations of the contractor and will share
in the costs of development and production. Such participation can be
across the venture or on a field-by-field basis. Additionally, as the price of oil
or gas increases above certain predetermined levels, the independent oil
and gas company’s entitlement share of production normally decreases, and
vice versa. Accordingly, its interest in a project may not be the same as its
entitlement.

Europe

DENMARK

We have a non-operating interest in a producing concession in Denmark
(Shell interest 36.8%), which was granted in 1962 and will expire in
2042. The Danish government is one of our partners with a 20% interest

IRELAND:

We are the operator of the Corrib gas project (Shell interest 45%). Corrib
has the potential to supply a significant proportion of the country’s gas
requirements. Gas started to flow from the field, which is 83 kilometres off
Ireland's northwest coast, on December 30, 2015

ITALY

We have two nor-operating interests in Italy: the Val d'Agri producing
concession (Shell interest 39.23%] and the Tempa Rossa concession (Shell
interest 25%). The Val d’Agri Phase 2 project is currently in FEED phase and
work is being carried out fo manage key nontechnical risks. The Tempa Rossa
field is under development and first oil is expected in 2018

NETHERLANDS
Shell and ExxonMobil are 50:50 shareholders in Nederlandse Aardolie
Maatschappij B.V. (NAM), the largest hydrocarbon producer in the


--- Page 22 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

Netherlands. An important part of NAM’s gas production comes from the
onshore Groningen gas field, in which the Dutch government has a 40%
interest and NAM a 60% interest.

In the second quarter of 2015, the Minister of Economic Affairs of the
Netherlands (the Minister] announced a further reduction in the Groningen
production for 2015 to 30 billion cubic metres [bem], in an effort to
diminish the potential for seismic activity, while allowing a further 3 bem to
be taken from the Norg underground storage to ensure security of supply
The State Council ("Raad van State") ruled in November 2015 that the
Groningen production limit be set at 27 bem for the gas year 2016, until
the Minister takes a new resolution on NAM's production plan. The Minister
is expected to approve a new development plan for Groningen no later
than October 1, 2016. NAM produced 28.1 bem from the Groningen
field in 2015. While the Dutch government currently supports the full
development of the Groningen gas field, any decision to change the
development plan to reduce the ultimate recovery of resources would
adversely affect our proved reserves. See "Risk factors” on page 10.

NAM also has a 60% interest in the Schoonebeek oil field, which has been
redeveloped using enhanced oil recovery (EOR) technology. In June 2015,
due to pipeline integrity issues identified, NAM decided to shutin the
Schoonebeek field. Production is expected to resume by the end of 2016.
NAM also operates a significant number of other onshore gas fields and
offshore gas fields in the North Sea

NORWAY

We are a partner in 30 production licences on the Norwegian continental
shelf. We are the operator in 13 of these, of which two are producing: the
Ormen Lange gas field (Shell interest 17.8%) and the Draugen oil field
(Shell interest 44.6%). The other producing fields are Troll, Gjaa, Kvitebjarn
and Valemon. The Draugen field has an operational waterflood

UK

We operate a significant number of our interests on the UK Continental
Shelf on behalf of a 50:50 joint arrangement with ExxonMobil. Most of our
UK oil and gas production comes from the North Sea. We have various
interests where we are not the operator in the Atlantic Margin area,
principally in the West of Shetland area (Clair, Shell interest 28%, and
Schiehallion, Shell interest approximately 55%). We also have interests
ranging from 20% to 49% in the Beryl area fields.

Waterfloods are operational in the Beryl, Clair and Pierce fields. The
Schiehallion and Loyal fields production and water injection is closed-in as
the fields are being redeveloped; the fields are currently planned to resume
production by mid-2017.

REST OF EUROPE
We also have interests in Albania, Germany and Greenland

Asia (including the Middle East and Russia)

BRUNEI

Shell and the Brunei government are 50:50 shareholders in Brunei Shell
Petroleum Company Sendirian Berhad (BSP). BSP has longterm oil and gas
concession rights onshore and offshore Brunei, and sells most of its gas
production to Brunei LNG Sendirian Berhad (BLNG, Shell interest 25%)

BLING was the first LNG plant in Asia-Pacific and sells most of its LNG on
longterm contracts to customers in Asia. Production from the Champion field is
supported by water injection, and gas injection is installed in the South West
Ampa field

In addition to our interest in BSP, we are the operator for the Block A
concession (Shell interest 53.9%), which is under exploration and

UPSTREAM

development, and also the operator for exploration Block Q (Shell interest
50%). We have a 35% non-operating interest in the Block B concession,
where gas and condensate are produced from the Maharaja Lela field

We also have non-operating interests in deep-water exploration Block CA-2
(Shell interest 12.5%) and in exploration Block N (Shell interest 50%), both
under PSCs.

CHINA

We jointly develop and produce from the onshore Changbei tight gas field
under a PSC with China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). The PSC
includes the development of tight gas in different geological layers of the block
In Sichuan, we have agreed with CNPC to appraise, develop and produce
from tightgas and liquids-rich shale formations in the Jingiu block under a PSC
(Shell interest 49%] and have a PSC for shale-gas exploration, development
and production in the Fushun Yongchvan block (Shell interest 49%)

We also have an interest in an offshore oil and gas block in the Yinggehai
basin, under a PSC (Shell interest 49%)

INDONESIA.

We have a 35% participating interest in the offshore Masela block where
INPEX Masela is the operator. The Masela block contains the Abadi gas
field. The operator has selected an FLNG concept for the field's
development phase. The development plan approval process is ongoing
with the government of Indonesia

In May 2015, we signed a PSC with the Indonesian government for the
exploration and potential development of acreage called Pulau Moa,
offshore in eastern Indonesia

IRAN
Shell transactions with Iran are disclosed separately. See “Section 13(r] of
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure” on page 197.

IRAQ

We have a 45% interest in the Majnoon oil field that we operate under a
technical service contract that expires in 2030. The other shareholders in
Majnoon are PETRONAS (30%) and the Iraqi government (25%), which is
represented by the Missan Oil Company. Majnoon is located in southern
Iraq and is one of the world’s largest oil fields. Production at Majnoon
averaged 211 thousand boe/d in 2014 and 206 thousand boe/d in
2015

We also have a 20% interest in the West Qurna 1 field, which is operated
by ExxonMobil

According to the provisions of both contracts, our equity entitlement volumes
will be lower than our interest implies

We also have a 44% interest in the Basrah Gas Company, which gathers,
treats and processes associated gas, produced from the Rumaila, West
Qurna 1 and Zubair fields, that was previously being flared. The processed
gas and associated products, such as condensate and liquefied petroleum
gas (LPG), are sold primarily to the domestic market with the potential to
export any surplus.

KAZAKHSTAN

We have a 16.8% interest in the North Caspian Production Sharing
Agreement which covers the offshore Kashagan field, where the North
Caspian Operating Company is the operator. This shallow-water field
covers an area of approximately 3,400 square kilometres. Phase 1
development of the field is expected to lead to plateau production of about
300 thousand boe/d, on a 100% basis, with the possibility of increasing


--- Page 23 ---

UPSTREAM,

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

further with additional phases of development. Following the completion of
pipeline replacement and other preparation activities, the operator expects
production to start around the end of 2016

Kashagan production will be supported by gas injection

We also have an interest of 55% in the Pearls PSC, covering an area of
approximately 900 square kilometres in the Kazakh sector of the Caspian
Sea. It includes two oil discoveries, Auezov and Khazar.

We also have a 5.43% interest in Caspian Pipeline Consortium, which
‘owns an oil pipeline running from the Caspian Sea to the Black Sea across
parts of Kazakhstan and Russia

MALAYSIA.
We explore for and produce oil and gas offshore Sabah and Sarawak
under 18 PSCs, in which our interests range from 20% to 85%.

Offshore Sabah, we operate five producing oil fields (Shell interests ranging
from 29% to 50%}. These include the GumusutKakap deep-water field (Shell
interest 29%] where production via a dedicated floating production system
commenced in 2014. We have additional interests ranging from 30% to
50% in PSCs for the exploration and development of four blocks. These
include the Malikai deep-water field (Shell interest 35%] which we are
developing, as the operator. We also have a 21% interest in the Siakap
NorthPetai deep-water field and a 30% interest in the Kebabangan field,
neither of which we operate

Offshore Sarawak, we are the operator of 12 producing gas fields (Shell
interests ranging from 37.5% to 70%]. Nearly all of the gas produced is
supplied to Malaysia LNG in Bintulu, where we have a 15% interest in the
Tiga LNG joint venture, and to our Shell MDS GTL plant in Bintulu. In May
2015, the Malaysia LNG Dua JVA expired, resulting in the transfer of our
15% shareholding to PETRONAS, in accordance with the original JVA
terms. The Malaysia LNG Dua PSC expired in August 2015, at which time
we handed over the operatorship and our 50% interest to PETRONAS,

Waterflood is operational in the St. Joseph field and is under installation at
the Malikai field. In the Gumusut Kakap field, both gas and water injections
were commissioned in 2015 and are operational

We also have a 40% interest in the 2011 Baram Delta EOR PSC and a 50%
interest in Block SK-307. Additionally, we have interests in five exploration
PSCs: deep-water block 2B, SK318, SK319, SK320 and SK408

We operate a GIL plant (Shell interest 72%) adjacent to the Malaysia LNG
facilities in Bintulu. Using Shell technology, the plant converts gas into high-
quality middle distillates, drilling fluids, waxes and speciality products.

OMAN

We have a 34% interest in Petroleum Development Oman (PDO); the
Omani government has a 60% interest. PDO is the operator of more than
160 oil fields, mainly located in central and southern Oman over an area
of 114,000 square kilometres The concession expires in 2044. In various
assets in PDO, production is supported by water injection, gas injection,
steam injection or polymer flood projects.

We are also participating in the Mukhaizna oil field (Shell interest 17%)
where steam flooding, an EOR method, is being applied

We have a 30% interest in Oman LNG, which mainly supplies Asian
markets under long-term contracts. We also have an 11% indirect interest in
Qalhat LNG, which is part of the Oman LNG complex.

QATAR

Pearl in Qatar is the world's largest GTL plant. We operate it under a
development and production-sharing contract with the government. The
fully-integrated facility has capacity for production, processing and
transportation of 1.6 billion scf/d of gas from Qatar's North Field. It has an
installed capacity of about 140 thousand boe/d of high-quality liquid
hydrocarbon products and 120 thousand boe/d of natural gas liquids
(NGL) and ethane. In 2015, Pearl produced 4.1 million tonnes of GTL
products.

Of Pearl's two trains, the second train will undergo planned maintenance,
starting in March 2016 and continuing into the second quarter of 2016, for
‘an estimated two-month period. The first train underwent similar planned
maintenance in 2015, which was completed in April 2015

We have a 30% interest in Qatargas 4, which comprises integrated
facilities to produce about 1.4 billion scf/d of gas from Qatar's North
Field, an onshore gas-processing facility and an LNG train with a collective
production capacity of 7.8 mtpa of LNG and 70 thousand boe/d of
condensate and NGL. The LNG is shipped mainly to China, Europe and
the United Arab Emirates

RUSSIA

We have a 27.5% interest in Sakhalin-2, an integrated oil and gas project
located in a subarctic environment. In 2015, the project produced
approximately 320 thousand boe/d and the output of LNG exceeded

10 million tonnes.

Our 100% interest in an exploration and production licence for the Lenzitsky
block in the Yamalo Nenets Autonomous District was relinquished in 2015
We have a 100% interest in the North Vorkutinsky 1 and North Vorkutinsky
2 exploration and production licences in Komi Republic (Timan Pechora)
We also have a 50% interest through Khanty-Mansiysk Petroleum Alliance (a
50:50 joint venture with Gazprom Neft} in three exploration licence blocks
in western Siberia: South Lungorsky 1, Yuilsky 4 and Yuilsky 5

We have a 50% interest in the Salym fields in western Siberia, Khanty
Mansiysk Autonomous District, where production was approximately

120 thousand boe/d in 2015. In the Salym fields, production is supported
by water injection

As a result of European Union and US sanctions prohibiting certain defined
oil and gas activities in Russia, we suspended our shale oil exploration
activities undertaken through Salym and Khanty-Mansiysk Petroleum Alliance
in 2014

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES

In Abu Dhabi, we have a 15% interest in the licence of Abu Dhabi Gas
Industries Limited (GASCO), which expires in 2028. GASCO exports
propane, butane and heavierliquid hydrocarbons, which it extracts from the
wet gas associated with the oil produced by the Abu Dhabi Company for
Onshore Oil Operations (ADCO}

We were working with ADNOC on the development of the Bab sour gas
reservoirs in Abu Dhabi (Shell interest 40%). However, following a careful
and thorough evaluation of technical challenges and costs, we have
decided to exit the joint development of the Bab sour gas reservoirs with
ADNOC and to stop further work on the project.

REST OF ASIA
We also have interests in Jordan, Kuwait, Myanmar, the Philippines and
Turkey.


--- Page 24 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM.

Oceania

AUSTRALIA.

We have interests in offshore production and exploration licences in the
North West Shelf (NWS) and Greater Gorgon areas of the Carnarvon
Basin, as well as in the Browse Basin and Timor Sea. Some of these
interests are held directly and others indirectly through a shareholding of
about 14% in Woodside. All interests in Australian assets quoted below are
direct interests.

Woodside is the operator of the Pluto LNG project. Woodside is also the
operator on behalf of the jointarrangement participants in the NWS gas,
condensate and oil fields, which produced more than 500 thousand boe/d
in 2015. We provide technical support for the NWS development.

We have a 50% interest in Arrow Energy Holdings Pty Limited (Arrow), a
Queensland-based joint venture with PetroChina. Arrow owns coal-bed
methane assets and a domestic power business.

We have a 25% interest in the Gorgon LNG project, which involves the
development of some of the largest gas discoveries to date in Australia,
beginning with the offshore Gorgon (Shell interest 25%) and Jansz-lo (Shell
interest 19.6%] fields. The Gorgon LNG project on Barrow Island started
LNG and condensate production in March 2016

We are the operator of a permit in the Browse Basin in which two separate
gas fields were found: Prelude in 2007 and Concerto in 2009. Our
development concept for these fields is based on our FLNG technology. The
Prelude FLNG project (Shell interest 67.5%) is expected to produce about
110 thousand boe/d of gas and NGL, delivering 3.6 mtpa of LNG, 1.3
mtpa of condensate and 0.4 mtpa of LPG. Major milestones during 2015
were the lifting of all topsides onto the FLNG facility and the conclusion of
the well drilling campaign

We are also a partner in the Browse joint arrangement (Shell interest 27%)
covering the Brecknock, Calliance and Torosa gas fields. In 2015, the
Browse partners supported a FEED decision for an FING development.

Our other interests include a joint arrangement, with Shell as the operator,
of the undeveloped Crux gas and condensate field (Shell interest 82%), and
the Woodside-operated, undeveloped Sunrise gas field in the Timor Sea
(Shell interest 26.6%)

We are a partner in both Shell-operated and other exploration joint
arrangements where we are not the operator in multiple basins including
Bonaparte, Browse, Exmouth Plateau, Greater Gorgon, Outer Canning and
Outer Exmouth

REST OF OCEANIA
We also have interests in New Zealand

Africa

NIGERIA

Our share of production, onshore and offshore, in Nigeria was
approximately 278 thousand boe/d in 2015, compared with
approximately 300 thousand boe/d in 2014. Security issues and crude oil
theft in the Niger Delta continued to be significant challenges in 2015

Onshore

The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) is the
operator of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 30%) that has 17 Niger Delta
onshore OMls, which expire in 2019. Of the Nigeria onshore proved
reserves, 196 million boe are expected to be produced before the expiry of

UPSTREAM

the current licences and 402 million boe beyond. To provide funding,
modified carry agreements are in place for certain key projects and are
being reimbursed

SPDC supplies gas to Nigeria LNG Ltd (NLNG) mainly through its Gbaran-
Ubie and Soku projects. As part of the strategic review of its interests in the
eastern Niger Delta, SPDC has divested its 30% interest in OMLs 18, 29, and
the NCTL. OML 25 is held for sale, subject to the resolution of pending
litigation. Additional divestments may occur as a result of the strategic review.

The level of crude oil theft activities and sabotage in 2015 was significantly
lower than in 2014, following the divestment of OMLs 18 and 29, and the
NCTL in 2015

In our Nigerian operations, we face various risks and adverse conditions
which could have a material adverse effect on our operational
performance, earnings, cash flows and financial condition (see “Risk
factors” on page 09). These risks and conditions include: security issues
surrounding the safety of our people, host communities and operations;
sabotage and theft; our ability to enforce existing contractual rights;
litigation; limited infrastructure; potential legislation that could increase our
taxes or costs of operations; the effect of lower oil and gas prices on the
government budget; and regional instability created by militant activities. In
addition, the Nigerian government is contemplating new legislation to
govern the petroleum industry which, if passed into law, could have a
material adverse effect on our existing and future activities in that country
There are limitations to the extent to which we can mitigate these risks. We
carry out regular portfolio assessments to remain a competitive player in
Nigeria for the long term. We support the Nigerian government's efforts to
improve the efficiency, functionality and domestic benefits of Nigeria’s oil
and gas industry, and monitor legislative developments for possible
contribution. We monitor the security situation and liaise with host
communities, governmental and non-governmental organisations to help
promote peace and safe operations. We continue to provide transparency
of spills management and reporting, along with our deployment of oil spill
response capability and technology. We execute a maintenance strategy to
support sustainable equipment reliability, and have implemented a multi-
year programme to support sustainable reduction in the routine flaring of
associated gas. See “Environment and society” on pages 55-56.

Offshore

Our main offshore deep-water activities are carried out by SNEPCO (Shell
interest 100%) which has interests in four deep-water blocks, under PSC
terms. SNEPCO operates OMls 118 (including the Bonga field, Shell
interest 55%) and 135 (Bolia and Doro, Shell interest 55%) and has a
43.75% interest in OML 133 (Erha), where we are not the operator, and a
50% interest in oil production lease 245 (Zabazaba, Etan). SNEPCO also
has an approximate 43% interest in the Bonga South West/Aparo
development via its 55% interest in OML 118. After close consultation with
our partners, it is clear that the Bonga South West deep-water project
requires further project cost reductions to make it economically viable in the
current business environment. An FID is not expected before 2017

First oil was produced in the third quarter of 2015 from the Bonga Phase 3
development. It is expected to contribute some 50 thousand boe/d at peak
production through the existing Bonga FPSO export facility

First oil was also achieved in the third quarter of 2015 from the Erha North
Phase 2 development. The project, in which SNEPCO has a 43.75%
interest, is a tie-back to the Erha FPSO. The Phase 2 development is
expected to result in around 120 million recoverable barrels of oil from the
field

Production from the Bonga and Erha North fields is supported by water


--- Page 25 ---

UPSTREAM,

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

injection. The Erha Main field production is supported by a combination of
water and gas injection

Five shallow-water licences (OMls 71, 72, 74, 77 and 79) were renewed
in December 2014 and will expire in 2034. In 2015, we sold OMls 71
and 72, both of which were non-producing

Liquefied natural gas
We have a 25.6% interest in NING, which operates six LNG trains with a
total capacity of 22.0 mtpa

REST OF AFRICA
We also have interests in Algeria, Egypt, Gabon, Namibia, South Africa
and Tanzania

North America

CANADA

We have more than 1,800 mineral leases in Canada, mainly in Alberta
and British Columbia. We produce and market natural gas, NGL, synthetic
crude oil and bitumen. In addition, we have significant exploration acreage
offshore. Bitumen is a very heavy crude oil produced through conventional
methods as well as through EOR methods. Synthetic crude oil is produced
by mining bitumen-saturated sands, extracting the bitumen from the sands
and transporting it to a processing facility where hydrogen is added to
produce a wide range of feedstocks for refineries

Gas and liquids-rich shale

We continued to develop fields in Alberta and British Columbia during

2015 through drilling programmes and investment in infrastructure to
facilitate new production. We own and operate natural gas processing and
sulphur-extraction plants in Alberta and natural gas processing plants in
British Columbia. In 2014, we entered into a joint venture (Shell interest
50%) to evaluate an investment in an LNG export facility in Kitimat on the
west coast of Canada. Together with our partners, we have elected to
postpone the FID of the proposed LNG project to late 2016.

Synthetic crude oil

We operate the Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP] in north-east Alberta
as part of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 60%). The bitumen is
transported by pipeline for processing at the Scotford Upgrader, which we
also operate and is located in the Edmonton area

We also have a number of other minable oil sands leases in the Athabasca
region with expiry dates ranging from 2018 to 2025. By completing the
Alberta Department of Energy's prescriptive development requirements prior
to their expiry, leases may be extended

Carbon capture and storage

The Quest carbon capture and storage project (Shell interest 60%), which is
expected to capture and permanently store more than 1 mtpa of carbon
dioxide from the Scotford Upgrader, began operations in late 2015

Bitumen

We produce and market bitumen in the Peace River area of Alberta. We
also have heavy oil resources in approximately 1,200 square kilometres in
the Grosmont oil sands area, also in northern Alberta. We announced that
we will not continue construction of the 80 thousand boe/d Carmon Creek
thermal in-situ project (Shell interest 100%). We have retained the Carmon
Creek leases and preserved some equipment while continuing to evaluate
options for these assets.

Offshore

We have a 31.3% interest in the Sable Offshore Energy project, a natural-
gas complex off the east coast of Canada, and other acreages in deep-
water offshore Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. We have a 50% interest
and operatorship in the Shelburne exploration project offshore Nova Scotia
We also have a number of exploration licences off the west coast of British
Columbia and in the Mackenzie Delta in the Northwest Territories

USA

We produce oil and gas in the Gulf of Mexico, heavy oil in California and
primarily tight gas and oil from liquids+ich shales in Pennsylvania and

Texas. The majority of our oil and gas production interests are acquired
under leases granted by the owner of the minerals underlying the relevant
acreage, including many leases for federal onshore and offshore tracts
Such leases usually run on an initial fixed term that is automatically extended
by the establishment of production for as long as production continues,
subject to compliance with the terms of the lease {including, in the case of
federal leases, extensive regulations imposed by federal law]

Gulf of Mexico

The Gulf of Mexico is our major production area in the USA, and accounts
for over 62% of our oil and gas production in the country. We have an
interest in approximately 400 federal offshore production leases and our
share of production averaged 253 thousand boe/d in 2015. Key
producing assets are Auger, Brutus, Enchilada, Mars, Mars B, Perdido,
Ram Powell and Ursa, which we operate, and Caesar Tonga and Na Kika,
which we do not operate. Production from the Ursa and Perdido-Great
White fields is supported by water injection. Efforts are ongoing to reinstate
water injection at the Mars field

We continued exploration, development and abandonment activities in the
Gulf of Mexico in 2015, with an average contracted offshore rig fleet of
seven mobile rigs and seven platform rigs. We also secured 17 blocks in
the central Gulf of Mexico lease sales in 2015

Onshore

We have significant tightgas and liquids-tich shale acreage, centred on
Pennsylvania in north-east USA and in the Delaware Permian Basin in west
Texas

California

We have a 51.8% interest in Aera Energy LLC (Aera), which operates in the
San Joaquin Valley in California. Aera operates approximately 15,000
wells, producing around 130 thousand boe/d of heavy oil and gas

Aera fields Belridge, Lost Hills, Cymric, McKittrick, Coalinga, Midway
Sunset, Ventura and San Ardo are all operated under a combination of
water and steam injection

Alaska

We operated for almost 50 years off the coast of Alaska, including in the
Cook Inlet, and the Beaufort and Chukchi seas, until 1998. Between 2005
and 2012, we acquired our current Alaska portfolio, which includes

339 federal leases for exploration in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas, and
18 state leases in North Slope Beaufort coastal waters. The federal Chukchi
leases expire in 2020. The vast majority of federal Beaufort leases end in
2017 and the remaining two in 2019. The state Beaufort leases end in
2022

In September 2015, we safely drilled the Burger J well in the Chukchi Sea
to a depth of 2,073 metres. The well was deemed a dry hole, and the
result renders the Burger prospect uneconomic. The well was sealed and
abandoned in accordance with regulations. We will not conduct further
exploration offshore Alaska for the foreseeable future. This decision reflects


--- Page 26 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM.

not only the outcome of the Burger J well, but also the high costs associated
with the project, and the challenging and unpredictable federal regulatory
environment for the Alaska outer continental shelf

Subsequently, we safely demobilised all personnel and vessels from the
Chukchi Sea. All operations were conducted without significant injury or
environmental issues. We conveyed the results of the exploration season to
stakeholders and worked closely with them in the subsequent winding down
of operations

Our leasehold in Alaska remains material and prospective, and strategies to
generate value from this acreage — including lease extensions — will be
developed and progressed accordingly. In October 2015, the Bureau of
Safety and Environmental Enforcement denied our request to extend
expiration dates for the federal leases. We have appealed the decision

South America
BRAZIL

Offshore

We operate several deep-water producing fields in the Campos Basin
They include the BC-10 field (Shell interest 50%), which is supported with
water injection, and the Bijupiré and Salema fields (Shell interest 80%). We
expect to start production from the BC-10 Phase 3 project in 2016

In January 2015, we signed a purchase and sale agreement to divest our
interest in the Bijupira and Salema fields, pending regulatory approvals. The
agreement was cancelled in February 2016 and these assets therefore
remain in our portfolio.

In the Santos Basin, we have a 20% interest in a 35-year PSC to develop
the Libra pre-salt oil field and operate exploration block BM-S-54 (Shell
interest 80%)

In August 2015, we ceased exploration on block BM-ES-27 (Shell interest
17.5%) in the Espirito Santos basins

Onshore
In February 2015, we returned our block in the Sdo Francisco basin area
(Shell interest 60%) to the regulator

We have an 18% interest in Brazil Companhia de Gas de Sao Paulo
(Comgas), a natural gas distribution company in the state of Sao Paulo.

REST OF SOUTH AMERICA.

We also have interests in Argentina, Colombia and French Guiana
Furthermore, we have an interest in the LNG plants in Peru and Trinidad and
Tobago

Trading and Supply

We market a portion of our share of equity production of LNG and trade
LNG volumes around the world through our hubs in Dubai and Singapore
We also market and trade natural gas, power, carbon-emission rights and
crude oil from certain of our Upstream operations in the Americas and
Europe.

UPSTREAM


--- Page 27 ---

UPST

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

CAPITAL INVESTMENT IN OIL AND GAS
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES

BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA $ MILLION
2015 2014

Oil and gas exploration and production activities
Europe [A] 2,999 4,273
Asia 3,208 3,875
Oceania 3,526 5,068
Africa 2,312 2,825
North America - USA 7 A409 8,210
North America — Canada 2,148 3,162
South America 666 1,109
Total 22,268 28,522
Other Upstream activities [B] 1,259 2,771
Total Upstream [C] 23,527 31,293

[A] Includes Greenland
[8] Comprise LNG, GIL, trading and supply activities, and wind activities.
[C] See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on page 198

LOCATI

OF OIL AND GAS EXPLORATION AN
PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES [A] (AT DECEMBER 3
Development

and/or

production

015)

Shell operatorl8]

Exploration

Europe
Albania
Denmark
Germany
Greenland
Ireland
ltaly
Netherlands
Norway
UK

Asia [C]
Brunei
China
Indonesia
lrag
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Malaysia
Myanmar
Oman
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Turkey

Oceania

Australia
New Zealand
Africa
Algeria
Egypt
Gabon
Namibia
Nigeria
South Africa
Tanzania
North America
USA
Canada

South America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
French Guiana

ols =e

[A] Includes joint ventures and associates. Where a joint venture or associate has properties outs
Ss fies are not shown in this table

where “Shell operator’ is indicated, Shell is the operator of some but not all

production ventures

[C] Shell suspended all exploration and production activities in Syria in December 2011



--- Page 28 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FC 2015 UPSTREAM

PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES
SUMMARY OF PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES OF SHELL SUBSIDIARIES AND SHELL

SHARE OF JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES [A] (AT DECEMBER 31, 2015) BASED AVERAGE PRICES FOR 2015
Crude oil and Natural gas Total
natural gas liquids (thousand Synthetic crude oil Bitumen all products
(million barrels) million scf) (million barrels) (million barrels) (million boe)[B]
Proved developed
Europe 225 9,404 - - 1,846
Asia 1,176 14,221 - - 3,628
Oceania 45 1,654 - - 330
Africa 437 1,386 - - 676
North America
USA 455 572 - - 554
Canada 20 636 1,405 3 1,538
South America 44 37 - - 50
Total proved developed 2,402 27,910 1,405 3 8,622
Proved undeveloped
Europe 203 1,982 - - 545
Asia 400 1,834 - - 716
Oceania 93 4,292 - - 833
Africa 142 850 - - 289
North America
USA 105 182 - - 136
Canada 2 319 536 - 593
South America 12 6 - - 13
Total proved undeveloped 957 9,465 536 - 3,125
Total proved developed and undeveloped
Europe 428 11,386 - - 2,391
Asia 1,576 16,055 - - 4,344
Oceania 138 5,946 - - 1,163
Africa 579 2,236 - - 965
North America
USA 560 754 - - 690
Canada 22 955 1,941 3 2,131
South America 56 43 - - 63
Total 3,359 37,375 1,941 3 (TAT

[A] See “Supplementary information ~ oil and gas \unoudited}” on pages 153-161
[8] Natural gas volumes are converted inio oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel


--- Page 29 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION (AVAILABLE FOR SALE)

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS [A] THOUSAND BARRELS

2015 2014 2013
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 17,396 = 18,834 - 20,927 -
ltaly 11,179 = 11,792 - 11,997 -
Norway 14,337 = 14,893 - 14,589 -
UK 20,762 = 14,746 - 14,445 -
Other [B] 874 1,311 849 1,986 934 1,952
Total Europe 64,548 1,311 61,114 1,986 62,892 1,952
Asia
Brunei 823 18,663 648 18,576 564 20,011
Iraq 20,009 = 19,218 - 8,416 -
Malaysia 22,980 = 16,754 - 15,441 -
Oman 78,404 = 74,781 - 74,527 -
Russia 22,016 10,273 23,579 10,403 25,152 10,527
United Arab Emirates - - - 2,397 - 58,104
Other [B] 24,480 7,923 27,165 8,115 25,202 8,155
Total Asia 168,712 36,859 162,145 39,491 149,302 96,797
Total Oceania [B] 7,858 3,050 9191 3,688 9,371 4,77]
Africa
Gabon 12,472 = 12,144 - 10,781 -
Nigeria 67,832 = 69,851 - 63,800 -
Other [B] 6,159 = 5,008 = 4,254 =
Total Africa 86,463 = 87,003 = 78,835 =
North America
USA 104,263 = 98,895 - 86,670 -
Canada 8,599 = 8,389 - 7,626 -
Total North America 112,862 = 107,284 = 94,296 =
South America
Brazil 13,307 = 16,575 - 7,706 -
Other [B] 576 = 361 = 273 3,327
Total South America 13,883 = 16,936 = 7,979 3,327
Tota 454,326 41,220 443,673 45,165 402,675 106,847

[A] Reflects 100% of production of subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the entitlement of the subsidiaries concerned under those contracts
[8] Comprises countries where 2015 production was lower than 7,300 thousand barrels or where specific disclosures are prohibited

2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America - Canada 49,891 46,934 46,017
2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America - Canada 5,258 5,779 6,903



--- Page 30 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND UPSTREAM
NATURAL GAS [A]
2015 2014 2013
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 48,211 = 49,708 - 53,283 -
Germany 58,230 = 66,718 - 73,123 -
Netherlands - 429,626 - 028 - (344
Norway 253,108 = 252,284 - 256,396 -
UK 101,276 = 104,346 - 109,470 -
Other [B] 15,892 = 15,840 = 15,409 =
Total Europe 476,717 429,626 488,896 581,028 507,681 721,344
Asia
Brunei 21,337 162,862 22,228 155,244 18,442 164,446
China 46,481 = 53,065 - 60,034 -
Malaysia 254,523 = 241,908 - 238,940 -
Russia 3,887 131,697 4,170 128,175 4,261 126,764
Other [B] 386,450 118,421 420,169 118,198 378,412 115,469
Total Asia 712,678 412,980 741,540 401,617 700,089 406,679
Oceania
Australia 132,209 67,382 132,801 87,830 125,654 100,707
New Zealand 55,906 = 69,052 = 61,407 =
Total Oceania 188,115 67,382 201,853 87,830 187,061 100,707
Africa
Egypt 65,002 = 54,079 - 46,072 -
Nigeria 195,064 = 234,599 = 201,311 =
Total Africa 260,066 = 288,678 = 247 383 =
North America
USA 264,351 = 360,846 - 394,538 -
Canada 234,055 = 214,756 - 231,897 -
Total North America 498,406 = 575,602 = 626,435 =
Total South America [B] 12,853 = 12,449 = 11,896 444
Total 2,148,835 909,988 2,309,018 1,070,475 2,280,545 1,229,174

[A] Reflects 100% of production of subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the entitlement of the companies concemed under those contracts.
[B] Comprises countries where 2015 production was lower than 41,795 million scf or where specific disclosures are prohibited.



--- Page 31 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

UPSTREAM CONTINUED
AVERAGE REALISED PRICE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS $/BARREL
2015 2014 2013
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe 49.77 45.97 94.57 89.68 105.23 99.27
Asia 47.73 52.21 89.47 96.85 96.46 70.34
Oceania 43.39 50.01fA] 82.26 88.071A] 90.50 91.91[A]
Africa 51.80 = 100.55 - 110.14 -
North America - USA 44.99 = 87.90 - 98.10 -
North America - Canada 25.45 - 59.19 - 63.14 -
South America 42.38 = 88.68 - 97 AZ 94.01
Total 47.52. 51.82 91.09 95.87 99.83 72.69

[A] Includes Shell’s 14% share of Woodside from June 2014 (previously: 23% from April 2012), a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access to data; accordingly,

the numbers are estimated.

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 40.87 81.83 87.24

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 30.25 70.19 67.40

NATURAL GAS $/THOUSAND SCF

2015 2014 2013

Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of

Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures

subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates

Europe 7.10 6.46 8.58 8.26 10.29 917

Asia 3.02 7.06 4.57 11.50 4.51 10.73
Oceania 6.80 67314] 10.49 11.01[A] 1.55 9. ASIA]

Africa 2.10 = 27) - 2.84 -

North America - USA 2.39 = 452 - 3.92 -

North America — Canada 2.29 = 4.39 - 3.26 -

South America 246 = 2.85 - 2.91 0.42

Total 4.07 6.77 5.68 972 5.85 972

[A] Includes Shell's 14% share of Wood:
the numbers are estimated.

jom June 2014 (previously: 23% from Apri

2012), a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access to data; accordingly,


--- Page 32 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND UPSTREAM
AVERAGE PRODUCTION COST BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
CRUDE OIL, NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS AND NATURAL GAS [A] BOE
2015 2014 2013
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe 16.97 5.07 19.47 4.25 17.66 3.57
Asia 7 A2 6.89 7.87 7.62 6.52 5.74
Oceania 13.43 14.66[8] 13.62 14.44[8] 1.55 17(8]
Africa 11.96 = 14.86 - 14.43 -
North America - USA 20.28 = 21.35 - 1.57 -
North America - Canada 18.85 = 22.96 - 22.20 -
South America 21.31 = 25.26 - 37.72 16.96
Total 13.42 6.77 15.10 6.68 14.35 5.52
[A] Natural gas volumes are converted into oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel

[B] Includes Shell’s 14% share of Woodside from June 2014 (pre
he numbers are estimated.

sly: 2

com April 2012], a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access to data; accordingly,

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 31.50 42.46 41.81

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2015 2014 2013

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 18.58 23.24 23.03



--- Page 33 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

LNG AND GTL PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2015

LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS IN OPERATION

100% capacity
Asset Location Shell interest (%)[A] (mtpa)[B]
Asia
Brunei Brunei LNG Lumut 25 78
Malaysia Malaysia LNG Tiga Bintulu 15 77
Oman Oman LNG Sur 30 7.1
Qalhat (Oman) LNG Sur 11[C] 37
Qatar Qatargas 4 Ras Laffan 30 7.8
Russia Sakhalin LNG Prigorodnoye 28 96
Oceania
Australia Australia North West Shelf Karratha 19[C] 16.3
Australia Pluto 1 Karratha 12(C] 43
Africa
Nigeria Nigeria LNG Bonny 26 22.0
South America
Peru Peru LNG Pampa Melchorita 20 45
Trinidad and Tobago Atlantic LNG Point Fortin 20-25 14.8

[A] Shall interest is rounded to the nearest whole percentage point
[B] As reported by the operator.
[C] Interest, or part of the interest, is held via indirect shareholding

LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION

100% capacity
Asset Location Shell interest (%)[A] (mtpa)
Oceania
Australia Gorgon[B] Barrow Island 25 15.6
Prelude Browse Basin 68 3.6
[A] Shell interest is rounded to the nearest whole percentage point.
[B] Production of LNG and condensate started in March 2016.
GTL PLANTS IN OPERATION
Asset Location Shell interest (%) 100% capacity (b/d)
Asia
Malaysia Shell MDS. Bintulu 72 14,700
Qatar Pearl Ras Laffan 100 140,000

EQUITY SALES OF LNG

EQUITY SALES OF LNG MILLION TONNES

2015 2014 2013
Australia 3.4 3.7 3.7
Brunei 1.6 1.5 L7
Malaysia 1.8 27 2.6
Nigeria 5.0 5.0 44
Oman 19 1.8 2.0
Peru 0.7 08 -
Qatar 24 24 2.3
Russia 2.9 29 29
Trinidad and Tobago 2.9 3.2 -

Total 22.6 24.0 19.6



--- Page 34 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND UPSTREAM

EARNINGS AND CASH FLOW INFORMATION

2015 $ MILLI

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 12,721 22,299 1,858 5,620 6,384 4,405 640 53,927
Share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures and

associates 506 1,664 (802) 491 (94) 70 127 1,962
Interest and other income (41) 556 (13) 1,754 148 (1) (47) 2,356
Total revenue and other income 13,186 24,519 1,043 7,865 6,438 4A74 720 58,245
Purchases excluding taxes 4,336 6,925 148 525 30 1,327 12 = 13,303
Production and manufacturing expenses, 2,890 4,725 772 1,806 3,870 3,472 481 18,016
Taxes other than income tax 128 434 113 347 81 - 63 1,166
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 685 62 7 2 212 26 16 1,010
Research and development 612 27 - - 121 42 - 802
Exploration 261 1,255 195 161 3,336 164 347 5,719
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 2,807 4,311 480 1,749 6,342 6,625 687 = 23,001
Interest expense 328 100 54 130 194 48 27 881
Income before taxation 1,139 6,680 (726) 3,145 (7,748) (7,230) (913) (5,653)
Taxation charge/(credit) 339 2,714 428 886 (2,853) (1,788) 284 10
Income after taxation 800 3,966 (1,154) 2,259 (4,895) (5,442) (1,197) (5,663)
Net cash from operating activities 1,303 8,882 (76) 2,946 124 87 (85) 13,181
Less: working capital movements (382) 430 (1,161) 785 121 46 125 (36)
Net cash from operating activities excluding

working capital movements 1,685 8,452 1,085 2,161 3 Al (210) 13,217

[A] Includes Greenland

2014 $ MILLI

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 17,891 35,629 3,299 11,129 13,553 9,250 1,548 92,299
Share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures and

associates 1,128 3,173 266 937 (4) 77 (75) 5,502
Interest and other income 68 845 2,292 503 327 (71) 65 4,029
Total revenue and other income 19,087 39,647 5,857 12,569 13,876 9,256 1,538 101,830
Purchases excluding taxes 5,848 10,113 344 1,505 1,909 3,383 (63) 23,039
Production and manufacturing expenses, 3,255 4,905 809 2,483 4,572 3,391 678 20,093
Taxes other than income tax 264 948 211 836 201 - 165 2,625
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 777 103 9 ] 136 7 22 1,055
Research and development 642 28 - - 134 51 - 855
Exploration 458 1,331 232 307 1,548 88 260 4,224
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,815 4,621 430 2,054 6,665 1,808 475: 17,868
Interest expense 364 90 55 144 211 60 29 953
Income before taxation 5,664 17,508 3,767 5,239 (1,500) 468 (28) 31,118
Taxation charge/(credit) 3,599 7,542 2,103 2,416 (626) 78 165 15,277
Income after taxation 2,065 9,966 1,664 2,823 (874) 390 (193) 15,841
Net cash from operating activities 3,975 14,619 1,684 4,629 3,935 2,685 312 31,839
Less: working capital movements 1,148 (1,470) (845) 616 (994) 360 (285) (1,470)
Net cash from operating activities excluding

working capital movements 2,827 16,089 2,529 4013 4929 2,325 597 33,309

[A] Includes Greenland


--- Page 35 ---

UPST

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

UPSTREAM CONTINUED
2013
North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total
Revenue 23,144 35,916 3,414 11,007 9,762 8,878 748 92,869
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates 1,469 3,235 inn 1,162 ] 55 87 6,120
Interest and other income (123) 572 172 (14) 20 52 (20) 659
Total revenue and other income 24,490 39,723 3,697 12,155 9,783 8,985 815 99,648
Purchases excluding taxes 9,088 9,761 290 1,378 (1,175) 2,989 48 = 22,379
Production and manufacturing expenses, 2,998 4,162 762 1,978 4588 3,594 389 18,471
Taxes other than income tax 328 1,254 226 963 223 - 85 3,079
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 993 85 7 ] 47 26 35 1,194
Research and development 648 15 - - 178 106 - 947
Exploration 627 1,082 396 354 1,790 312 717 5,278
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,444 3,114 434 1,293 7,954 2,550 160 16,949
Interest expense 359 76 47 133 210 él 24 910
Income before taxation 8,005 20,174 1,535 6,055 (4,032) (653) (643) 30,441
Taxation charge/(credit) 4,883 10,977 475 3,100 (1,500) (203) 7) 17,803
Income after taxation 3,122 9197 1,060 2,955 (2,532) (450) (714) 12,638
Net cash from operating activities 5,215 12,834 1,717 5,027 3,775 1,414 132 30,114
Less: working capital movements 1,251 (88) (929) 1,391 (86) (346) 119 1,312
Net cash from operating activities excluding
working capital movements 3,964 12,922 2,646 3,636 3,861 1,760 13 28,802

[A] Includes Greenland


--- Page 36 ---

ELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FOR

2015

DOWNSTREAM

KEY STATISTICS

$ MILLION, EXCEPT WHERE OTHERWISE INDICATED

2015 2014 2013
Segment earnings [A] 10,243 3,411 3,869
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) [A] 237,746 378,046 404,427
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates [A] 2,215 1,693 1,525
Interest and other income [A] 1,156 4l 273
Operating expenses [B] 20,816 22,701 23,292
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation [A] 3,667 6,619 4,421
Taxation charge [A] 1,639 1,085 1,129
Capital investment [B] 5,119 5,910 5,528
Divestments [B] 2,282 4410 643
Refinery availability (%) [C][D] 90 93 94
Chemical plant availability (%) [C] 85 85 92
Refinery processing intake (thousand b/d) 2,805 2,903 2,915
Oil products sales volumes (thousand b/d) 6,432 6,365 6,164
Chemicals sales volumes (thousand tonnes) 17,148 17,008 17,386

\] See Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements" on page 127. Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis.

] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on pages 198-199.

[A]
{B)
[C] The basis of calculation differs from that used for the “Refinery and chemical plant availability” measure in “Performance indicators” on page 20, which excludes downtime due to uncontrollable factors.
[D] With effect from 2015, refinery availabilty includes Shell operated process units only. Comparative data has been restated

OVERVIEW

Shell's Downstream organisation is made up of a number of different Oil
Products and Chemicals business activities, part of an integrated value
chain, that collectively turn crude oil into a range of refined products which
are moved and marketed around the world for domestic, industrial and
transport use. The products we sell include gasoline, diesel, heating oil,
aviation fuel, marine fuel, liquefied natural gas (LNG) for transport,
lubricants, bitumen and sulphur. In addition, we produce and sell
petrochemicals for industrial use worldwide.

Our Oil Products activities comprise Refining, Trading and Supply, Pipelines
and Marketing, referred to as classes of business. Marketing includes Retail,
Lubricants, Business to Business (B2B) and Alternative Energies. In Trading and
Supply, we trade crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals, to optimise
feedstocks for Refining and Chemicals, to supply our Marketing businesses
and third parties, and for our own profit. Chemicals has major manufacturing
plants, located close to refineries, and its own marketing network.

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Industry gross refining margins were higher on average in 2015 than in
2014 in each of the key refining hubs in Europe, Singapore and the USA
Oil products demand growth was stronger globally, driven in part by the
sustained lower oil price environment compared with 2014. The refining
industry has seen a period of generally tightening capacity, reducing the
overcapacity that has been observed for several years. However, the
improved gross margins have probably delayed some further capacity
rationalisation, especially in Europe. In 2016, demand for gasoline is
expected to be a key driver of gross refining margins, especially in the
middle of the year, supported by demand for middle distillates. The overall
outlook remains unclear because of continuing economic uncertainty,
geopolitical tensions in some regions that could lead to supply disruptions,
and continued overcapacity in the global refining market. See “Market
overview" on page 18

In Chemicals, Asian naphtha cracker margins increased in 2015 compared
with 2014 due to periods of reduced cracker availability. European
naphtha cracker margins remained high in 2015, supported by periods of
low cracker availability. US ethane cracker margins were significantly lower
due to a narrower differential between crude oil prices and US natural gas
prices. The outlook for petrochemicals in 2016 will depend on economic

growth, especially in Asia, and developments in relative raw material prices
which will be influenced by crude oil prices. See "Market overview” on
page 18

EARNINGS 2015-2014

Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis (see
"Summary of results” on page 18}, which in 2015 were $1,955 million
higher than on a firstin, firs-out basis (2014: $4,366 million higher), as
shown in “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions” on
page 198

Segment earnings of $10,243 million in 2015 were 200% higher than in
2014. Earnings in 2015 included a net gain of $495 million compared with
a net charge of $2,854 million in 2014, described at the end of this section

Excluding the impact of these items, earnings in 2015 were $9,748 million
compared with $6,265 million in 2014. Oil Products earnings accounted
for 83% of these 2015 earnings and Chemicals for 17%

The earnings improvement of $3,483 million (56%) compared with 2014
was principally driven by lower operating expenses, as a result of
favourable exchange rates and divestments (45% of the improvement},
higher realised refining margins, reflecting the industry environment (39% of
the improvement}, and other items (16% of the improvement) mainly
reflecting a lower effective tax rate

Improvements in earnings analysed by class of business were as follows

= Refining represented 69% of the improvement. Realised refining margins
were significantly higher overall and higher in all countries except
Canada. The increase was driven by stronger industry margins and
improved availability early in 2015 which allowed our refineries to
capitalise on the stronger margin environment. Overall in 2015, refinery
availability decreased to 90% from 93% in 2014. In Europe, realised
margins benefited from the stronger margin environment despite lower
availability. In Asia, realised margins were higher due to the stronger
margin environment despite worse operational performance, particularly


--- Page 37 ---

DOWNSTREAM

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

at the Bukom refinery in Singapore. In Canada, realised margins were

impacted by a significantly weaker margin environment. In the USA,

realised margins benefited from the stronger margin environment as well

as improved operational performance from lower planned and unplanned

downtime. Earnings at Motiva Enterprises LLC (Motiva)’s (Shell interest

50%) Port Arthur refinery were stronger through both a stronger margin

environment and improved operational performance

Trading and Supply represented 10% of the improvement, driven by

market volatility and optimisation opportunities, and one-off tax credits

a Pipelines represented 3% of the improvement, which was mainly due to
higher margins and joint venture earnings

= Marketing earnings were in line with 2014, despite unfavourable
exchange rate effects and divestments. Higher earnings, mainly in
Lubricants, were offset by lower results from Business to Business Fuels
and our Raizen joint venture (Shell interest 50%) in Brazil. Raizen earnings
were impacted by unfavourable exchange rate effects as the Brazilian
real weakened against the dollar

= Chemicals represented 9% of the improvement, mainly due to tight
industry supply conditions and lower taxation. These industry conditions,
driven by competitor outages in Asia, benefited intermediate products
globally and base chemicals in Asia. Partly offsetting these benefits were
weaker margins in the USA, and unit shutdowns at the Moerdijk site in the
Netherlands which had a larger earnings impact in 2015 than in 2014

Oil product sales volumes were 1% higher than in 2014, mainly due to
improved Trading and Supply volumes. Marketing volumes were lower than
in 2014 due to divestments. Excluding divestments, Marketing volumes
were 2% higher than in 2014, benefiting from higher Retail volumes in the
USA as a result of a stronger driving season

Chemicals sales volumes were 1% higher than in 2014. The increase was
mostly driven by higher demand in Asia and improved market conditions for
intermediate products globally

Depreciation, depletion and amortisation were significantly lower in 2015
compared with 2014, mainly due to impairments in 2014 described below

Segment earnings in 2015 included a net gain of $495 million, reflecting
net gains on divestments of $1,095 million (primarily in China, France and
Norway], reported in interest and other income, partly offset by impairment
charges of $505 million (mainly related to the Westward Ho pipeline in the
USA and to expenditure at the Bukom refinery in Singapore) and other net
charges of $95 million

Segment earnings in 2014 included a net charge of $2,854 million,
primarily from impairments (mainly in respect of refineries in Asia and
Europe) and also from restructuring charges, fair value accounting of
commodity derivatives and a provision connected to a prior year sale
obligation. Partly offsetting these charges was a gain related to Dutch
pension plan amendments.

EARNINGS 2014-2013

Segment earnings in 2014 were $3,411 million, 12% lower than 2013
Earnings in 2014 included a net charge of $2,854 million described above,
and earnings in 2013 included a net charge of $597 million resulting
primarily from impairments and deferred tax adjustments, which were partly
due to a beneficial tax rate change in the UK and gains on divestments.

Excluding the impact of these items, earnings in 2014 were $6,265 million
compared with $4,466 million in 2013. Oil Products earnings accounted
for 78% of 2014 earnings and Chemicals for 22%

The earnings improvement of $1,799 million (40%) was the result of higher
realised refining margins from improved operating performance and a

stronger industry environment (accounting for 35% of the earnings
improvement); higher margins from Trading and Supply (accounting for 32%
of the earnings improvement) which were due to increased price volatility
and profitable short positions; lower operating expenses (accounting for
18% of the earnings improvement] mainly as a result of divestments; lower
depreciation (accounting for 9% of the earnings improvement} as a result of
divestments and reduced depreciation from impaired assets; and higher
Marketing and Pipeline margins (accounting for 9% of earnings
improvement). Lower margins from Chemicals, primarily driven by market
conditions for intermediate products and shutdowns of some units at
Moerdijk, offset 11% of these improvements

REFINERY AND CHEMICAL PLANT AVAILABILITY

Refinery availability was 90% in 2015 compared with 93% in 2014 and
94% in 2013. The lower availability in 2015 reflected the impact of a fire
at the Bukom refinery

Chemical plant availability was 85% in 2015, compared with 85% in
2014 and 92% in 2013. Lower availability in 2015 and 2014 reflected
unit shutdowns at the Moerdijk site in each year

CAPITAL INVESTMENT AND DIVESTMENTS

Capital investment was $5.1 billion in 2015 compared with $5.9 billion in
2014. In Refining and Chemicals, it decreased by $0.1 billion to

$3.6 billion. In Marketing, it decreased by $0.7 billion to $1.5 billion. In
2015, 60% of our capital investment was used to maintain the integrity and
performance of our asset base, compared with 54% in 2014

Divestments were $2.3 billion in 2015, compared with $4.4 billion 2014,
principally from divestments in China, France, Norway and the UK, and
proceeds from sale of interests in Shell Midstream Partners, L.P

PORTFOLIO AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

We took the following key portfolio decisions in 2015

= In Canada, we took the final investment decision (FID) for a de-
bottlenecking project at the Scotford refinery, which is expected to
increase hydrocracking capacity by about 20%. Completion is expected
in 2016.
m In the Netherlands, we took the FID to build a major new unit at the Pernis
refinery. The new solvent deasphalter unit will remove heavier fractions
from crude oil, allowing the refinery to upgrade a larger proportion of its
oil intake into lighter, high-grade products. Construction work is planned
to start later in 2016, subject to permit approvals, with completion
expected by the end of 2018
In the USA, we took the FID to construct a fourth alpha olefins unit, which
is expected to add 425 thousand tonnes per annum (ktpa) of alpha
olefins production capacity at our chemical manufacturing site in
Geismar, Louisiana. This project is expected to be completed by the end
of 2018 and make the site the largest alpha olefins producer in the
world

We achieved the following operational milestones in 2015

= In China, we opened a new lubricant blending plant in Tianjin. The plant
has the capacity to produce 330 million litres of finished products per
annum and brings our number of blending plants in China to eight.

® Also in China, we signed a heads of agreement with China National
Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) to expand our joint venture at
Nanhai (Shell interest 50%) in the Guangdong province. The expansion,
which is pre-FID, would double the joint venture's ethylene production to
over two million tonnes per annum. CNOOC has started construction
work on the expansion, with completion expected by the end of 2017.


--- Page 38 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

= In Germany, we handed over the Harburg refinery to Nynas in December
2015. The transaction was agreed in 2011, and a first phase to hand
over the base oil plant was completed in 2014

a In Singapore, we started up a new 140 ktpa high-purity ethylene oxide
purification unit and a new 140 ktpa ethoxylates unit at Jurong Island
These production units more than double the production of both chemical
products at Jurong

m In the USA, Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. sold additional interests to
public investors via the issuance of additional limited partnership units,
reducing our interest in the partnership to approximately 60%, and
generating proceeds of $595 million

= Also in the USA, we continued detailed engineering design and site
preparation for the construction of a proposed petrochemicals plant (Shell
interest 100%) in the Appalachian region

We continued to review our portfolio to divest positions that fail to deliver
competitive performance or no longer meet our longer-term strategic
objectives. Major divestments in 2015 included

m our 75% interest in Tongyi Lubricants in China

= Butagaz, our liquefied petroleum gas (LPG} business in France. Butagaz
constituted the majority of our LPG business. Following the sale, we only
have LPG businesses in Argentina, Canada and Hong Kong

= most of our retail, commercial fuels, and supply and distribution logistics
business in Norway to ST1 Nordic Oy (ST1). The Shell brand will
continue to be highly visible in Norway through a retail brand licence
agreement. In addition, Shell has entered into a joint venture (Shell
interest 50%) with ST1 to sell aviation fuel in Norway.

= 185 service stations across the UK to independent dealers. All service
stations will retain the Shell brand and sell Shell's fuels

In addition, we reached agreements to sell the following, with expected
completion in 2016

= our marketing business in Denmark to Couche-Tard. This includes a retail
brand licence agreement under which the Shell brand will remain highly
visible in Denmark,

= a 33.24% holding in Showa Shell in Japan to Idemitsu. We are retaining
a 1.80% interest.

= our 51% shareholding in the Shell Refining Company in Malaysia to
Malaysia Hengyuan International Lid

BUSINESS AND PROPERTY
Refining

We have interests in 23 refineries worldwide with the capacity to process a
total of around 3.1 million barrels of crude oil per day (Shell share). Our
refining capacity is 34% in Europe and Africa, 39% in the Americas and
27% in Asia and Oceania

The Port Arthur refinery in Texas, USA, owned and operated by Motiva
(a 50:50 joint venture with Saudi Refining, Inc}, is the largest refinery in
North America and includes one of the world’s largest single-site base oil
manufacturing plants

Trading and Supply

Trading and Supply trades in physical and financial contracts, lease storage
and transportation capacities, and manages shipping and wholesale
commercial fuel activities globally:

With more than 100 distribution terminals and 770 supply points in around
25 countries, our supply and distribution infrastructure is well positioned to
make deliveries around the world. This includes supplying feedstocks for our

DOWNSTREAM

refineries and chemical plants and finished products such as gasoline,
diesel and aviation fuel to our Marketing businesses and customers.

Shell Wholesale Commercial Fuels provides transport, industrial and
heating fuels. Our range of products, from reliable main-grade fuels to
premium products, can offer tangible benefits. These include fuel economy,
enhanced equipment performance, reduction in maintenance frequency and
costs as well as reduced emissions.

Pipelines

Shell Pipeline Company LP (Shell interest 100%) owns and operates seven
tank farms across the USA and transports more than 1.5 billion barrels of
crude oil and refined products a year through about 6,000 kilometres of
pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico and five US states. Our various non-
operated ownership interests provide about a further 13,000 pipeline
kilometres

We carry more than 40 types of crude oil and more than 20 grades of
gasoline, as well as diesel, aviation fuel, chemicals and ethylene

Shell Midstream Partners, L.P., a Midstream Limited Partnership (MLP), was
formed by Shell in 2014 to own, operate, develop and acquire pipelines
and other midstream assets. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own
crude oil and refined products pipeline systems and related assets that serve
as key infrastructure to store onshore and offshore crude oil production and
transport to refining markets and to deliver refined products to major
demand centres. Shell controls the general partner and holds a majority
share in the MLP,

Marketing

RETAIL

There were close to 43,000 Shell-branded retail stations operating in over
70 countries at the end of 2015. We have more than 100 years’
experience in fuel development. In recent years, we have concentrated on
developing fuels with special formulations designed to clean engines and
improve performance. We sell such fuels under the Shell V-Power brand in
more than 50 countries

LUBRICANTS

Across approximately 100 countries, we produce, market or sell technically-
advanced lubricants not only for passenger cars, motorcycles, trucks and
coaches but also for industrial machinery in the manufacturing, mining,
power generation, agriculture and construction sectors

We have a global lubricants supply chain with a network of eight base oil
manufacturing plants, 45 lubricant blending plants, 15 grease plants and
four gastorliquids base oil storage hubs.

Through our marine activities, we primarily provide lubricants, but also fuels
and related technical services, to the shipping and maritime sectors.
Following rationalisation of our product portfolio, we now supply around
80 grades of lubricants and nine types of fuel to vessels worldwide,
ranging from large ocean-going tankers to small fishing boats.

BUSINESS TO BUSINESS
Our Business-to-Business (B2B) activities encompass the sale of fuels and
speciality products and services to a broad range of commercial customers.


--- Page 39 ---

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REI

Shell Aviation fuels more than two million aircraft a year, with a presence at
more than 800 airports in around 40 countries

We continue to pursue opportunities in the LNG for transport sector,
developing projects that provide us and our customers with the best
commercial value. Since October 2015, we have had access to import
and storage capacity at the Gas Access to Europe (GATE) terminal in the
Netherlands, enabling us to supply our own LNG to marine and road
customers in northwest Europe. We will also supply ING for our truck
refuelling network in the Netherlands from the terminal

Shell Bitumen supplies over 1,600 customers across 28 countries and
provides enough bitumen to resurface 450 kilometres of road lanes every
day. It also invests in technology research and development to create
innovative products

Shell Sulphur Solutions is a business which manages the complete value
chain of sulphur, from refining to marketing. The business provides sulphur
for industries such as mining and textiles and also develops new products
which incorporate sulphur, such as fertilisers

ALTERNATIVE ENERGIES

Raizen, our joint venture in Brazil, produces ethanol from sugar cane and
manages a retail network. With an annual production capacity of more
than 2 billion litres, it is one of the largest biofuel producers in the world
Raizen opened its first cellulosic ethanol plant at its Costa Pinto mill in Brazil
in 2015. lt is expected to produce 40 million litres a year of advanced
biofuels from sugarcane residues. We also continue to research and
explore the potential of hydrogen as a fuel

Chemicals

MANUFACTURING

Our plants produce a range of base chemicals, including ethylene,
propylene and aromatics, as well as intermediate chemicals such as styrene
monomer, propylene oxide, solvents, detergent alcohols, ethylene oxide
and ethylene glycol. We have the capacity to produce over 6 million
tonnes of ethylene a year

MARKETING

Each year, we supply more than 17 million tonnes of petrochemicals to
around 1,000 major industrial customers worldwide. Our products are used
to make numerous everyday items, from clothing and cars to detergents and
bicycle helmets

DOWNSTREAM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH IRAN, SUDAN
AND SYRIA

Iran
Shell transactions with Iran are disclosed separately. See “Section
the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure” on page 197,

Sudan

We ceased all operational activities in Sudan in 2008. However, we
completed soil remediation work in 2015 related to earlier operations in
the country

13{r) of

Syria

We are in compliance with all European Union and US sanctions. We
supply limited quantities of polyols via a Netherlands-based distributor to
private sector customers in Syria. Polyols are commonly used for the
production of foam in mattresses and soft furnishings.

DOWNSTREAM DATA TABLES

The tables below reflect Shell subsidiaries, the 50% Shell interest in Motiva
in the USA and instances where Shell owns the crude oil or feedstocks
processed by a refinery. Other joint ventures and associates are only
included where explicitly stated

OIL PRODUCTS - COST OF CRUDE OIL
PROCESSED OR CONSUMED [A] $ PER BARREL

2015 2014 2013
40.91 82.76 90.36
[A] Includes Upstream margin on crude oil supplied by Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates. Excludes cost of crude oil processed or consumed by Motiva

Total

CRUDE DISTILLATION

CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND B/CALENDAR DAY [B]

2015 2014 2013
Europe 1,037 1,033 1,033
Asia 816 810 810
Oceania = 80 118
Africa 82 82 82
Americas 1,219 1,212 1,212
Total 3,154 3,217 3,255

A] Average operating capacity for the year, excluding mothballed capacity.
A] Averag 1g capacity for th ding mothballed cap:
[8] Calendar day capacity is the maximum sustainable capacity adjusted for normal unit downtime.

ETHYLENE CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND TONNES/YEAR

2015 2014 2013
Europe 1,702 1,659 1,659
Asia 2,222 1,922 1,922
Oceania = - -
Africa - - -
Americas 2,235 2,212 2,212
Total 6,159 5,793 5,793
[AJ Includes the Shell share of capacity entitlement (offtake rights) of joint ventures and associates,
which may be different from nominal equity interest. Nominal capacity is quoted at December 31

OIL PRODUCTS —- CRUDE OIL

PROCESSED [A] THOUSAND B/D
2015 2014 2013

Europe 870 941 1,010
Asia 685 688 706
Oceania = 59 116
Africa 56 69 61
Americas 1,150 1,149 1,100
Total 2,761 2,906 2,993

[A] Includes natural gas liquids, share of joint ventures and associates and processing for others

REFINERY PROCESSING INTAKE [A] THOUSAND B/D

2015 2014 2013
Crude oil 2,596 2,716 2,732
Feedstocks 209 187 183
Total 2,805 2,903 2,915
Europe 903 94) 933
Asia 627 639 634
Oceania = 64 105
Africa 56 69 54
Americas 1,219 1,190 1,189
Total 2,805 2,903 2,915

[A] Includes crude oil, natural gas liquids and feedstocks processed in crude distillation units and in
gas liq PI
secondary conversion units.


--- Page 40 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND

REFINERY PROCESSING OUTTURN [A] THOUSAND B/D. OIL PRODUCT SALES VOLUMES [A][B] THOUSAND B/D.

2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013
Gasolines 1,012 1,049 7,049 Europe
Kerosines 316 331 368 — Gasolines 403 405 415
Gas/Diesel oils 972 1,047 1,014 Kerosines 251 264 226
Fuel oil 290 316 274 Gas/Diesel oils 779 841 962
Other 449 395 389 Fuel oil 186 176 194
Total 3,039 3,138 3,094 Other products 240 205 168
[A] Excludes own use and products acquired for blending purposes. Total 1,859 1,891 1,965
Asia
2015 2014 2013 Kerosines 214 191 191
Europe Gas/Diesel oils 533 515 483
Base chemicals 3,000 3,287 3,423 Fuel oil 340 325 322
Intermediates and others 1,936 2,019 2,281 Other products 489 44] 256
Total 4,936 5,306 5,704 Total 1,955 1,815 1,577
Asia Oceania
Base chemicals 2,319 2,220 2,266 Gasolines - 52 87
Intermediates and others 3,576 2,901 2,989 Kerosines 51 48 51
Total 5,895 5,121 5,255 Gas/Diesel oils = 64 115
Oceania Fuel oil - - -
Base chemicals - - - Other products = 10 19
Intermediates and others = 35 62 Total Sl 174 272
Total = 35 62. Africa
Africa Gasolines 37 36 45
Base chemicals = - - Kerosines 9 9 9
Intermediates and others 37 A3 47 Gas/Diesel oils 57 52 43
Total 37 43 47 Fuel oil 1 - 3
Americas Other products 15 7 14
Base chemicals 3,036 3,251 3,218 Total 119 104 114
Intermediates and others 3,244 3,252 3,100 Americas
Total 6,280 6,503 6,318 Gasolines 1,325 1,268 1,149
Total product sales Kerosines 204 206 234
Base chemicals 8,355 8,758 8,907 Gas/Diesel oils 584 583 519
Intermediates and others 8,793 8,250 8,479 Fuel oil 86 68 96
Total 17,148 17,008 17,386 Other products 249 256 238
[A] Excludes feedstock trading and by-products Total 2,448 2,381 2,236
Total product sales [C]
Gasolines 2,144 2,104 2,021
Kerosines 729 718 7\1
Gas/Diesel oils 1,953 2,055 2,122
Fuel oil 613 569 615
Other products 993 919 695
Total 6,432 6,365 6,164

[A] Excludes deliveries to other companies under reciprocal sale and purchase arrangements, which
are in the nature of exchanges. Sales of condensate and natural gas liquids are included.

{8] Includes the Shell share of sales volumes from Raizen

[C] Certain contracts are held for trading purp:
2015 was a reduction in oil product sales of approximately 1,158
1,067,000 b/d; 2013: 921,000 b/d)

ses and reported net rather than gross. The effect in
000 b/d (2014:



--- Page 41 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

MANUFACTURING PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2015

REFINERIES IN OPERATIO

Thousand barrels/calendar day, 100% capacity[B]

Thermal
Crude cracking/
Asset Shell distillation —_visbreaking/ Catalytic Hydro-
Location class interest (%)[A] capacity coking cracking cracking
Europe
Denmark Fredericia e 100 67 40 - -
Germany Miro [C] 32 310 65 89 -
Rheinland ue 100 325 44 - 80
Schwedt [C] 38 220 47 50 -
Netherlands Pernis ne 100 404 45 48 83
Asia
Japan Mizue [Toa) [C] oe 18 64 24 38 -
Yamaguchi [C] ° 13 110 - 25 -
Yokkaichi [C] oe 26 234 - 55 -
Malaysia Port Dickson [D] ° 51 107 - 39 -
Pakistan Karachi [C] 30 43 - - -
Philippines Tabangao 7 96 31 - -
Saudi Arabia A\ Jubail [C] oe 50 292 85 - 45
Singapore Pulau Bukom ae 100 468 70 34 55
Africa
South Africa Durban [C] o 38 165 23 34 =
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires ee 100 100 18 20 -
Canada
Alberta Scotford ° 100 92 - - 62
Ontario Sarnia ° 100 73 4 19 9
USA
California Martinez e 100 144 42 65 37
Louisiana Convent [C] ° 50 227 - 82 45
Norco [C] . 50 229 25 107 39
Texas Deer Park e 50 312 78 63 53
Port Arthur [C] e 50 578 144 81 73
Washington Puget Sound of 100 137 23 52 -

[A] Shell interest is rounded to nearest whole percentage point; Shell share of production capacity may differ.
[8] Calendar day capacity is the maximum sustainable capacity adjusted for normal unit downtime.

[C] Not operated by Shell

[D] In 2015, we agreed to sell our interest in Port Dickson refinery to Malaysia Hengyuan International Lid. The transaction is expected to be completed in 2016.

1 Integrated refinery and chemical complex.
© Refinery complex with cogeneration capacity
© Refinery complex with chemical unit(s)



--- Page 42 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND

MAJOR CHEMICAL PLANTS IN OPERATION [A]

Thousand tonnes/year, Shell share copacity/B]

Styrene Ethylene Higher Additional
Location Ethylene monomer glycol olefins[C] products
Europe
Germany Rheinland 315 - - - A
Netherlands Moerdijk [D] 972 725 155 - Al
UK Mossmorran [E] Al5 - - - -
Stanlow [E] = = = 330 I
Asia
China Nanhai [E] A75 320 175 - AIP
Japan Yamaguchi [E] - - - 11 A, |
Saudi Arabia Al Jubail [E] 366 400 - - AO
Singapore Jurong Island 281 ,020 ,005 - A,1,P,O
Pulau Bukom 1,100 = = = Al
Americas
Canada Scotford - 485 520 - Al
USA Deer Park 836 - - - Al
Geismar - - 400 920 I
Norco 1,399 = = = A
Total 6,159 2,950 2,255 1,261

cing a range of chemical products from an array of feedstocks, and are a core part of our global Chemicals business
| and nor-Shell operated}, excluding capacity of the Infineum additives joint ventures.
24)

] Major chemical plants are large integrated chemical facilities, typically produ.
y of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates (S
ar alpha and intemal olefins (products range from Ci

[Al
it
[C] Higher olefins ai
(0)
(E

J] Not operated by Shel

A Aromatics, lower olefins.
| Intermedi
P Polyethylene, polypropylene.

OTHER CHEMICAL LOCATIONS [A]

ional incidents in 2014 and 2015, not all units were fully in operation at Decer

Location Products
Europe
Germany Karlsruhe A
Schwedt A
Netherlands Pernis A,|,O
Asia
Japan Kawasaki A, |
Yokkaichi A
Malaysia Bintulu |
Port Dickson A
Africa
South Africa Durban ]
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires |
Canada Samia Al
USA Martinez eo)
Mobile A
Puget Sound |

[A] Other chemical locations reflect locations with smaller chemical units, typically

serving more local markets

A Aromatics, lower olefins.

| Intermed:
O Other.


--- Page 43 ---

CORPORATE

CORPORATE

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

EARNINGS $ MILLION

2015 2014 2013

Segment earnings (425) (156) 372
Including:

Net interest and investment expense 995 913 832

Foreign exchange losses 73) 263 189

Taxation and other (1,301) (1,020) (1,393)

OVERVIEW

The Corporate segment covers the non-operating activities supporting Shell
lt comprises Shell’s holdings and treasury organisation, including its
self-insurance activities as well as its headquarters and central functions. All
finance expense and income as well as related taxes are included in the
Corporate segment earnings rather than in the earnings of the business
segments.

The holdings and treasury organisation manages many of the Corporate
entities and is the point of contact between Shell and external capital
markets. It conducts a broad range of transactions — from raising debt
instruments to transacting foreign exchange. Treasury centres in London,
Singapore and Rio de Janeiro support these activities

Headquarters and central functions provide business support in the areas of
communications, finance, health, human resources, information technology,
legal services, real estate and security. They also provide support for the
shareholder-related activities of the Company. The central functions are
supported by business service centres located around the world, which
process transactions, manage data and produce statutory returns, among
other services. The majority of the headquarters and central-function costs
are recovered from the business segments. Those costs that are not
recovered are retained in Corporate

SELF-INSURANCE

Shell mainly relies on self-insurance for many of its risk exposures and
capital is set aside to meet self-insurance obligations (see “Risk factors” on
pages 10-11). The capital held to support the self-insurance obligations is
ata level at least equivalent to what would be held in the third-party
insurance market. Periodically, surveys of key assets are undertaken that
provide risk-engineering knowledge and best practices to Shell subsidiaries
with the aim to reduce their exposure to hazard risks. Actions identified
during these surveys are monitored to completion

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Given our reliance on information technology systems for our operations, we
continuously monitor external developments and share information on threats

and security incidents. Shell employees and contractors are subject to
mandatory courses and regular awareness campaigns, aimed at protecting
us against cyber threats. We periodically review and adapt our disaster
recovery plans and security response processes, and seek to enhance our
security monitoring capability. See “Risk factors” on page 11

EARNINGS 2015-2013
Segment earnings in 2015 were a loss of $425 million, compared with a
loss of $156 million in 2014 and a gain of $372 million in 2013

Net interest and investment expense increased by $82 million between
2014 and 2015. Interest expense was higher, mostly driven by new bond
issuances 2015 (see "Liquidity and capital resources” on page 50), partly
offset by an improvement in the liquidity premium associated with currency
swaps, and an increase in the amount of interest capitalised. In 2014, net
interest and investment expense decreased by $81 million compared with
2013. Interest expense was higher, mostly driven by new bond issuances
and additional finance leases, including those assumed as a result of the
acquisition of Repsol LNG businesses. These effects were partly offset by an
improvement in the liquidity premium associated with currency swaps.

Foreign exchange losses of $731 million in 2015 (2014: $263 million;
2013: $189 million) were mainly due to the impact of exchange rates on
non-functional currency loans and cash balances in operating units. The
dollar strengthened against all major currencies to which Shell has
exposure

Taxation and other earnings increased by $281 million in 2015 compared
with 2014, mainly due to a gain on the sale of an office building in the UK,
partly offset by lower tax credits. In 2014, taxation and other earnings
were $373 million lower than 2013, mainly due to lower tax credits.


--- Page 44 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND F

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOQU!

We manage our businesses to deliver strong cash flows to fund investment
for profitable growth. Our aim is that, across the business cycle, “cash in”

(including cash from operations and divestments) at least equals “cash out”
(including capital expenditure, interest and dividends), while maintaining a
strong balance sheet. Our priorities for applying our cash are the servicing
and reduction of debt commitments, payment of dividends, share buybacks
and capital investment.

OVERVIEW

The most significant factors affecting our operating cash flow are earnings
and movements in working capital, which are mainly impacted by: realised
prices for crude oil and natural gas; production levels of crude oil and
natural gas; and refining and marketing margins

Changes in realised crude oil and natural gas prices and production levels
can have a significant impact on our operating cash flow. The extent of the
impact from a decrease or increase in prices depends on: the extent to
which contractual arrangements are tied to market prices; the dynamics of
production-sharing contracts; the existence of agreements with governments
or state-owned oil and gas companies that have limited sensitivity to crude
oil and natural gas prices; tax impacts; and the extent to which changes in
commodity prices flow through into operating costs. Changes in benchmark
prices of crude oil and natural gas in any particular period therefore
provide only a broad indicator of changes in our Upstream earnings in that
period. In the longer term, replacement of proved oil and gas reserves will
affect our ability to maintain or increase production levels, which in turn will
affect our cash flows and earnings.

Changes in any one of a range of factors derived from either within the
industry or the broader economic environment can influence refining and
marketing margins. The precise impact of any such changes depends on
how the oil markets respond to them. The market response is affected by

factors such as: whether the change affects all crude oil types or only a
specific grade; regional and global crude-oil and refined-products
inventories; and the collective speed of response of refiners and product
marketers in adjusting their operations. As a result, margins fluctuate from
region to region and from period to period

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Net cash from operating activities in 2015 was $29.8 billion, a decrease
from $45.0 billion in 2014. The decrease mainly reflected lower income,
which was principally a result of the significant decline in oil and gas
prices. The increase in net cash from operating activities in 2014,
compared with $40.4 billion in 2013, mainly reflected a higher cash
inflow from working capital movements

Net cash used in investing activities was $22.4 billion in 2015, an
increase from $19.7 billion in 2014. The increase was mainly the result of
lower proceeds from sale of assets, which more than offset a reduction in
capital expenditure. Net cash used in investing activities decreased from
$40.1 billion in 2013 to $19.7 billion in 2014, mainly as a result of
lower capital expenditure and higher proceeds from sale of assets.

Net cash from financing activities in 2015 was an inflow of $3.8 billion
compared with cash outflows of $12.8 billion in 2014 and $9.0 billion in
2013. This included net debt issued of $14.9 billion (2014: $0.4 billion;
2013: $5.4 billion), partly offset by payment of dividends to Royal Dutch
Shell ple shareholders of $9.4 billion (2014: $9.4 billion; 2013

$7.2 billion) and interest paid of $1.7 billion (2014: $1.5 billion; 2013
$1.3 billion)

Cash and cash equivalents were $31.8 billion at December 31, 2015
(2014: $21.6 billion; 2013: $9.7 billion}. This includes amounts held for
the acquisition of BG Group ple [BG]

2015 2014 2013

Net cash from operating activities excluding working capital movements
Upstream 13.2 33.3 28.8
Downstream 10.6 AS 7.5
Corporate 0.5 0.8 1.2
Total 24.3 38.6 37.5
Decrease in inventories 2.8 8.0 0.6
Decrease/(increase) in current receivables 99 (1.6) 5.6
Decrease in current payables (7.2) - {3.3}
Decrease in working capital 5.5 64 2.9
Net cash from operating activities 29.8 45.0 40.4
Net cash used in investing activities (22.4) (19.7) (40.1)
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 3.8 (12.8) (9.0)
Currency translation differences relating to cash and cash equivalents (1.0) (0.6) (0.2)
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 10.2 11.9 (8.9)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 21.6 O7 18.6
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 31.8 21.6 97

[A] See the "Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows" on page 119.


--- Page 45 ---

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY

Our financial position is strong. Despite the weakness in commodity prices,
with an average Brent crude oil price of $52 per barrel in 2015

($99 per barrel in 2014), our gearing increased by less than 2% over the
year, from 12.2% at end 2014 to 14.0% at end 2015. Gearing, defined
as net debt (total debt less cash and cash equivalents) as a percentage of
total capital (net debt plus total equity), is a key measure of our capital
structure. Across the business cycle, we aim to manage gearing within a
range of 0-30%. Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on
pages 134-135 provides information on our debt arrangements, including
gearing

We are affected by the global macroeconomic environment as well as
financial and commodity market conditions. This exposes us to treasury and
trading risks, including liquidity risk, market risk {interest rate risk, foreign
exchange risk and commodity price risk} and credit risk. See "Risk factors"
‘on page 10 and Note 19 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on
pages 142-144. The size and scope of our businesses require a robust
financial control framework and effective management of our various risk
exposures

Market risk and credit risk

In the normal course of business, financial instruments of various kinds are
used for the purposes of managing exposure to interest rate, foreign
exchange and commodity price movements. Our treasury and trading
operations are highly centralised, and seek to manage credit exposures
associated with our substantial cash, foreign exchange and commodity
positions. Our portfolio of cash investments is diversified to avoid
concentrating risk in any one instrument, country, or counterparty. We
monitor our investments and adjust them in light of new market information
Exposure to failed financial and trading counterparties was not material in
2015. Treasury standards are applicable to all our subsidiaries, and each
subsidiary is required to adopt a treasury policy consistent with these
standards. Other than in exceptional cases, the use of external derivative
instruments is confined to specialist trading and central treasury
organisations that have appropriate skills, experience, supervision, control
and reporting systems.

Pension commitments

We have substantial pension commitments, whose funding is subject to
capital market risks (see “Risk factors” on page 10). We address key
pension risks in a number of ways. Principal among these is the Pensions
Forum, chaired by the Chief Financial Officer, which provides guidance on
Shell's input to pension strategy, policy and operation. The forum is
supported by a risk committee in reviewing the results of assurance
processes with respect to pension risks. In general, local trustees manage
the funded defined benefit pension plans and set the required contributions
based on independent actuarial valuations in accordance with local
regulations. Our total employer contributions to defined benefit pension
plans were $1.3 billion in 2015 and are estimated to be $1.4 billion in
2016

Liquidity

We satisfy our funding and working capital requirements from the cash
generated by our operations and through the issuance of debt. Despite
challenging market conditions for our industry, we have continued to have
good access to the international debt capital markets. Our debt is
principally financed from these markets through central debt programmes
consisting of.

=a $10 billion global commercial paper (CP) programme, exempt from
registration under section 3 (a}(3) of the US Securities Act of 1933, with
maturities not exceeding 270 days;

=a $10 billion CP programme, exempt from registration under section 4(2)
of the US Securities Act of 1933, with maturities not exceeding

397 days;

an unlimited Euro medium-term note (EMTN) programme (also referred to
as the Multi-currency Debt Securities Programme); and

= an unlimited US universal shelf (US shelf) registration

All CP, EMTN and US shelf issuances are undertaken by Shell International
Finance B.V., the issuance company for Shell, with its debt being
guaranteed by Royal Dutch Shell ple (the Company]

We also maintain a $7.48 billion committed credit facility that was
undrawn at December 31, 2015. Following the second one-year extension
agreed in November 2015, the facility expires in 2020. This facility and
internally available liquidity provide back-up coverage for CP. Other than
certain borrowings in local subsidiaries, we do not have any other
committed credit facilities

Our total debt increased by $12.8 billion in 2015 to $58.4 billion at
December 31, 2015, and the amount, excluding leases, will mature as
follows: 10% in 2016; 11% in 2017; 15% in 2018; 8% in 2019; and
56% in 2020 and beyond. The portion of debt maturing in 2016 is
expected to be repaid from a combination of cash balances, cash
generated from operations, divestments and issuance of new debt.

In 2015, we issued $15.0 billion of bonds under our US shelf registration,
and $5.3 billion of bonds under our EMTN programme, the proceeds of
which were primarily used to finance the BG acquisition (see below)
Periodically, for working capital purposes, we issued CP. We believe our
current working capital is sufficient for present requirements

In accordance with the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers, we
maintained sufficient certain funds for the estimated £13.2 billion cash
consideration portion of the BG acauisition from the date of announcement in
April 2015 until the date of completion in February 2016. We entered into a
£10.07 billion bridge credit facility on May 1, 2015, which was cancelled
unused on February 10, 2016, once funds had been accumulated and the
completion date was certain. We raised these funds through long-term debt
issuance in 2015

While our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions, such as foreign
withholding taxes on the transfer of funds in the form of cash dividends,
loans or advances, such restrictions are not expected to have a material
impact on our ability to meet our cash obligations.

CAPITALISATION TABLE $ MILLIO!

Dec 31,2015 Dec 31,2014

Equity attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
plc shareholders 162,876 71,966
Current debt 5,530 7,208
Non-current debt 52,849 38,332
Total debt [A] 58,379 25,540
Total capitalisation 21,255 217,506

[A] Of total debt, $53.2 billion (2014: $39.5 billion] was unsecured and $5.2 billion (2014:
$6.0 billion) was secured. See Note 14 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 134-135
for further disclosure on deb, including the amount guaranteed by the Company.


--- Page 46 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FO

The consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges of Shell for each of five
years ended December 31, 2011-2015, is as follows

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES [A]

2015 2014 =2013.—-2012-—2011
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 1.93 14.41 20.11 12 35.71
[A] See “Exhibit 7.1" on page E1 for the calculation of the ratio of earnings to fixed charges.

DIVIDENDS

Our policy is to grow the dollar dividend through time, in line with our view
of our underlying earnings and cash flow. When setting the dividend, the
Board of Directors looks at a range of factors, including the macro
environment, the current balance sheet and future investment plans.

We returned $12.0 billion to our shareholders through dividends in 2015
Some of those dividends were paid out as 96.3 million shares issued to
shareholders who had elected to receive new shares instead of cash, under
our Scrip Dividend Programme which was reintroduced in March 2015
from the first quarter 2015 interim dividend onwards.

We have announced an interim dividend in respect of the fourth quarter of
2015 of $0.47 per share, in line with the dividend for the same quarter of
2014. See Note 23 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on page

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES.

150. The fourth quarter interim dividend will be payable to shareholders,
including former BG shareholders, on the register at February 19, 2016
The Board expects that the first quarter 2016 interim dividend will be
$0.47 per share

PURCHASES OF SECURITIES

At the 2015 Annual General Meeting (AGM), shareholders granted an
authority, which will expire at the end of the 2016 AGM, for the Company
to repurchase up to 633 million of its shares. Under a similar authority
granted at the 2014 AGM, we continued a share buyback programme,
repurchasing 12.7 million shares in January 2015, to offset the dilution
created by the issuance of shares under our Scrip Dividend Programme. The
share buyback programme was suspended in February 2015. All of the
shares purchased under the buyback programme are cancelled. A
resolution will be proposed at the 2016 AGM to renew authority for the
Company to purchase its own share capital up to specified limits for another
year. Shares are also purchased by the employee share ownership trusts
and trustlike entities (see the “Directors’ Report” on page 68) to meet
delivery commitments under employee share plans. All share purchases are
made in open-market transactions

The table below provides information on purchases of shares in 2015 by
the issuer and affiliated purchasers. Purchases in euros and sterling are
converted into dollars using the exchange rate on each transaction date

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS IN 2015 [A]

A shares B shares AADSs
Number Number Number

purchased Number Weighted purchased Weighted purchased Weighted
for employee purchos average for employee average foremployee average

Purchase period share plans for cancellation{C] __ price ($][8] _share plans price ($][8] share plans __ price (SI[B]
January - 12,717,512 32.06 - - 1,133,754 65.00
February - - - - - - -
March 343,670 - 31.16 184,916 33.02 98,567 62.57
April - - - - - - -
May - - - - - - -
June 52,359 - 29.97 150,233 30.32 - -
July - - - - - - -
August - - - - - 21,097 50.22
September - - - 163,535 24.19 - -
October - - - - - - -
November - - - - - - -
December - - - 181,366 22.15 - -
Total 2015 396,029 12,717,512 32.03 680,050 27.40 1,253,418 64.56

[A] Excludes shares issued to affiliated purchasers pursuant to the Scrip Dividend Programme:
[B] Average price paid per share includes stamp duty and brokers’ commission
[C] Under the share buyback programme:



--- Page 47 ---

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REI

CAPITAL INVESTMENT AND DIVESTMENTS

The reduction in capital investment in 2015 compared with 2014 reflects
our decision to curtail spending by reducing the number of new investment
decisions and designing lower-cost development solutions.

CAPITAL INVESTMENT [A] $ MILLIO!

2015 2014
Upstream 23,527 31,293
Downstream 5,119 5,910
Corporate 215 136
Total 28,861 37,339

[A] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions" on page 198

In 2015, we continued to divest assets that fail to deliver competitive
performance or no longer meet our longer-term strategic objectives,
including assets in China, France, Nigeria, Norway, the UK and the USA
Divestments also included the sale of interests in Shell Midstream Partners,

LP.

DIVESTMENTS $ MILLI

2015 2014
Upstream 2,747 10,589
Downstream 2,282 4,410
Corporate 511 20
Divestments [A] 5,540 15,019

[A] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations and other definitions" on page 198

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The table below summarises our principal contractual obligations at
December 31, 2015, by expected settlement period. The amounts
presented have not been offset by any committed third-party revenue in
relation to these obligations

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS $ BILLIO!
less Between Between 5 years
than land3 3and5 and
1 year years years later Total
Debt [A] 5.0 13.2 9A 24.3 519
Finance leases [A] 11 18 17 5.5 10.1
Operating leases [A] 5.3 7.2 6.1 7.6 26.2
Purchase obligations [B] 89.0 51.3 32.5 112.5 285.3
Other long-term
contractual liabilities [C] - 04 - 07 1.1
Total 100.4 73.9 49.7 150.6 374.6

[A] See Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 135. Debt contractual
obligations exclude interest, which is estimated to be $1.5 billion payable in less than one year,
$2.7 billion betwee d three years, $1.9 billion between three and five years, and

$11.2 billion in five years and later. For this purpose, we assume that interest rates with respect to
variable interest rate debt remain constant at the raies in effect at December 31, 2015, and that there
is no change in the aggregate principal amount of debt other than repayment at scheduled maturity as
reflected in the table. Finance lease contractual obligations include interest.

[8] A purchase obl
legally binding and
minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction

jon is an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and
ecifies terms such as: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed,

{CJ Includes all obligations included in “Trade and other payables’ in “Noncurrent liabilities’ on the
‘Consolidated Balance Sheet’ that are contractually fixed as to timing and amount. In addition to

these amounts, Shell has certain obligations that are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount,
including contributions to defined benefit pensior
Statements" on pages 139-141] and obligati
{see Note 18 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 141-142)

‘onsolidated Financial

.g and restoration

GUARANTEES AND OTHER OFF-BALANCE SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS

Guarantees at December 31, 2015, were $0.6 billion (2014

$3.3 billion). This includes $0.3 billion (2014: $1.6 billion) of guarantees
of debt of joint ventures and associates

FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ROYAL
DUTCH SHELL DIVIDEND ACCESS TRUST

The results of operations and financial position of the Royal Dutch Shell
Dividend Access Trust (the Trust) are included in the consolidated results of
operations and financial position of Shell. Certain condensed financial
information in respect of the Trust is given below. See “Royal Dutch Shell
Dividend Access Trust Financial Statements” on pages 185-189

For the years 2015, 2014 and 2013 the Trust recorded income before tax
of £2,726 million, £2,470 million and £2,361 million respectively. In
each period this reflected the amount of dividends received on the dividend
access share

At December 31, 2015, the Trust had total equity of £nil (2014: £nil;
2013: £nil), reflecting cash of £2 million (2014: £1 million; 2013

£1 million) and unclaimed dividends of £2 million (2014: £1 million;
2013: £1 million). The Trust only records a liability for an unclaimed
dividend, and a corresponding amount of cash, to the extent that cheques
expire, which is one year after their issuance, or to the extent that they are
returned unpresented


--- Page 48 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIE

Our success in business depends on our ability to meet a range of
environmental and social challenges. We must show we can operate safely
and manage the effect our activities can have on neighbouring communities
and society as a whole. If we fail to do this, we may incur liabilities or
sanctions, lose business opportunities, harm our reputation, or our licence to
operate may be impacted (see “Risk factors” on page 10)

Data in this section are reported on a 100% basis in respect of activities
where we are the operator. Reporting on this operational control basis
differs from that applied for financial reporting purposes in the
“Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 115-152. Detailed data
and information on our 2015 environmental and social performance will be
published in the Shell Sustainability Report in April 2016.

CONTROL FRAMEWORK

The Shell General Business Principles [Principles] set out our responsibilities to
shareholders, customers, employees, business partners and society. They set
the standards for the way we conduct business, with integrity and respect for
people, the environment and communities. All ventures that we operate must
conduct their activities in line with our business principles.

We work to minimise the environmental impact of new projects and existing
operations and we engage with local communities and non-governmental
organisations to understand and respond to their concerns. We have
standards and a clear governance structure in place to help manage
potential impacts. Our standards are defined in our Health, Safety, Security,
Environment and Social Performance (HSSE&SP) Control Framework, in line
with our Commitment and Policy and the Shell Code of Conduct, and are
supported by a number of guidance documents. They apply to every Shell
entity, including all employees and contractors, and to Shell-operated
ventures. The Control Framework defines standards and accountabilities at
each level of the organisation, and sets out the procedures and processes
people are required to follow. We manage HSSE&SP risks to "As Low As
Reasonably Practicable” (ALARP], which is a business responsibility,
supported by the HSSE&SP function. The process safety and HSSE&SP
assurance team provides assurance on the effectiveness of HSSE&SP
controls

HSSE & SP CONTROL FRAMEWORK

Mandatory

HSE Policy & Commitment
HSSE & SP Standards

Manuals

Health Personal Safety

Process Safety Security
Environment Contractor HSSE Mgmt.
Projects Transport

Product Stewardship Social Performance

HSSE Management System

Our three Golden Rules require our employees and contractors to comply
with laws and regulations as well as our standards and procedures, to
intervene in unsafe or non-compliant situations, and to respect our
neighbours

In ventures not operated by us, Sheltappointed representatives encourage our
partners to apply standards and principles similar to our own. We support
these ventures in their implementation of our Control Framework, or of a similar
framework, and offer to review the effectiveness of their implementation. Even if
such a review is not carried out, we periodically evaluate health, safety,
security, environment and community risks faced by our ventures which we do
not operate. If one of these ventures falls below expectations, plans are put in
place, in agreement with our partners, to improve performance.

SAFETY

Safety is central to the responsible delivery of energy. We develop and
operate our facilities with the aim of preventing any incidents that may harm
our employees, contractors or nearby communities, or cause damage to our
assets or adversely impact the environment. We manage safety risks across
our businesses through clear standards, controls and compliance systems
combined with a safety-focused culture

Our global standards and operating procedures define the controls and physical
barriers we require to prevent incidents. For example, our offshore wells are
designed with at least two independent barriers to mitigate the risk of an
uncontrolled release of hydrocarbons. We regularly inspect, test and maintain
these barriers to ensure they meet our standards. We also routinely prepare and
practise our emergency response to potential incidents such as an oil spill or a
fire. This involves working closely with local services and regulatory agencies to
jointly test our plans and procedures. These tests continually improve our
readiness to respond. If an incident does occur, we have procedures in place to
reduce the impact on people and the environment.

We continue to strengthen the safety culture among our employees and
contractors. Our safety goal is to achieve no harm and no leaks across all
of our operations. We refer to this as our Goal Zero ambition. We expect
everyone working for us to intervene and stop work that may appear to be
unsafe. In addition to our ongoing safety awareness programmes, we hold
‘an annual global safety day to give employees and contractors time to
reflect on how to prevent incidents. We expect everyone working for us to
comply with our 12 mandatory Life-Saving Rules. If employees break these
tules, they face disciplinary action up to and including termination of
employment. If contractors break the Life-Saving Rules, they can be removed
from the worksite.

Process safety involves making sure the right precautions are in place to
prevent unplanned releases of hydrocarbons or chemicals. In the event of a
loss of containment such as a spill or a leak, we employ independent
recovery measures to prevent the release from becoming catastrophic. This
system of barriers and recovery measures is known as a “bow-tie”, a model
that visually represents a system where process safety hazards are managed
through prevention and response barriers

RISK MANAGEMENT APPROACH

CONTROLS, BARRIERS | RECOVERY MEASURES

et

TOP
EVENT



--- Page 49 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

While we continually work to minimise the likelihood of incidents, some do
occur. We investigate all incidents to understand the underlying causes and
translate these into improvements in standards or ways of working that can
be applied broadly across similar facilities in Shell. As set out in
“Performance indicators” on pages 20-21, our total recordable case
frequency (injuries per million working hours) was 0.94 in 2015, compared
with 0.99 in 2014, and there were 51 operational Tier 1 process safety
events in 2015, compared with 57 in 2014. Detailed information on our
2015 safety performance will be published in the Shell Sustainability Report
in April 2016

CLIMATE CHANGE

Our approach to climate change
We have long recognised that the use of fossil fuels contributes to climate
change. In November 2015, 195 nations approved the Paris Agreement
which must be ratified by 55 countries that account for at least 55% of
global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. We welcome the efforts made by
governments to reach a global climate agreement. The Paris Agreement
provides a framework which is intended to enable governments to
implement effective measures to reduce GHG emissions. The goal of
limiting the increase in global temperatures to well below 2°C will be
extremely challenging

In the future, growth in energy demand means that all sources of energy will
be needed over the longer term. Therefore, all forms of GHG reduction
measures must be accelerated and increased in scale, including significant
growth in carbon capture and storage (CCS) and renewables, significant
improvements in energy efficiency, and sustained reductions in demand
The management of GHG emissions will become increasingly important as
concerns over climate change lead to tighter environmental regulations.
Policies and regulations designed to limit the increase in global
temperatures to well below 2°C could have a material adverse effect on us.
While we support the efforts to reduce GHG emissions, governments, when
adopting rules and regulations, should balance the need to limit increases
in temperature with society's need for energy

Some governments have introduced carbon pricing mechanisms, which can
be an effective measure to reduce GHG emissions across the economy at
lowest overall cost to society. We expect more governments to follow and
governments may also require companies to apply technical measures to
reduce their GHG emissions. This could result in increased investments and
higher project costs for us and higher energy and product costs for
consumers (see "Risk factors” on pages 09-10}. Our portfolio exposure is
reviewed annually against changing GHG regulatory regimes and physical
conditions to identify emerging risks. We test the resilience of our portfolio
against externally published, future pathways, including a low emissions
pathway

To test the resilience of new projects, we assess potential costs associated
with GHG emissions when evaluating all new investments. Our approach
applies a uniform project screening value (PSV) of $40 (real terms) per
tonne of carbon dioxide (CO,) equivalent to the total GHG emissions of
each investment. This PSV is generally applied when evaluating our new
projects around the world to test their resilience across a range of future
scenarios. The project development process features a number of checks
that may require development of detailed GHG and energy management
plans. High-emitting projects undergo additional sensitivity testing, including
the potential for future CCS projects. Projects in the most GHG-exposed
asset classes have GHG intensity targets that reflect standards sufficient to
allow them to compete and prosper in a more CO, regulated future. These
processes can lead to projects being stopped, designs being changed, and

potential GHG mitigation investments being identified, in preparation for
when regulation would make these investments commercially compelling

The International Energy Agency (IEA) has developed a 450 Scenario that
sets out an energy pathway consistent with the goal of limiting the average
global temperature increase to 2°C. This is accomplished by seeking to limit
the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere to around 450
parts per million of CO» equivalent. By the year 2030, the IEA’s 450
Scenario describes an energy sector with significant renewables
penetration, marked improvement in vehicle as well as process efficiency,
and widespread replacement of coal by natural gas in power

generation. Under this scenario, CCS is expected by 2030 to be storing
around 40 times the volume of CO, it does at present. The IEA has
assumed oil and gas prices in 2030 of around $97 per barrel and $9 per
MMbtu respectively, and global CO, equivalent costs of $100 per tonne
(all in real terms). The related impact on expected production is that global
demand for oil would fall by 17% between 2015 and 2030, while
demand for natural gas would grow by 8% during that period. The 450
Scenario assumptions intensify through to 2050 and beyond to simulate the
level of global GHG emission reductions needed to achieve the scenario
goals

We have evaluated our portfolio under the 450 Scenario. The IEA's
projected GHG regulation is expected to result in lower demand for some
of our products and potential impairments to some of our less energy-
efficient assets. However, we could also see certain benefits as a robust
global CO, price would make some forms of energy, such as natural gas
and renewables, more competitive compared with coal. A robust CO,
price would also help encourage the development of CCS. Our preliminary
view, looking at 2030, is that the aggregate impact under the IEA’s 450
Scenario would be positive overall for us compared with our own outlook.
This is primarily due to the higher oil and gas prices assumed by the IEA
While the IEA assumes significant global CO, costs of $100/tonne (in real
terms) in 2030, our portfolio sensitivity to oil and gas prices significantly
exceeds our sensitivity to CO. costs associated with our GHG emissions

While the IEA assumes significant GHG regulatory costs by 2030, the net
impact on us will be influenced by developments in the allocation of free
allowances under CO, pricing regimes as well as the ability to recover the
increased costs from customers. The outlook for these critical elements differs
by region and asset type. We actively monitor and model such influences,
using our own estimates of developments in global GHG regulation rather
than the external reference point of the IEA’s 450 Scenario, to better
represent country-level policy granularity

Accordingly, we have also evaluated the resilience of our portfolio using
our own business-case model that assumes an average global temperature
increase of 2-3°C by 2100. This model uses our best estimates for future oil
and gas prices and expected trends in GHG policies, including existing
and proposed regulations. Using our model, we expect our existing
portfolio to remain relatively resilient in 2030, primarily as a result of our
significant gas reserves and the relative energy efficiency of certain of our
portfolio assets. While our model assumes lower overall regulatory costs
associated with our CO, emissions in 2030 than the IEA estimate of
$100/tonne, we also expect lower oil and gas prices, which projects a
less positive outcome than under the IEA’s 450 Scenario.

Based on the above analysis, we believe current oil, gas and CO, prices
are too low to stimulate the fossil fuel substitution necessary to meet the Paris
Agreement goal of limiting the average global temperature increase to well
below 2°C


--- Page 50 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

As energy demand increases and easily accessible oil and gas resources
decline, we are developing resources that require more energy and
advanced technologies to produce. As our production becomes more
energy intensive, this could result in an associated increase in direct GHG
emissions from our Upstream facilities. See “Risk factors" on pages 09-10.

We are seeking cost-effective ways to manage GHG emissions and see
potential business opportunities in developing such solutions. Our main
contributions to reducing global GHG emissions are in four areas:

supplying more natural gas to replace coal for power generation; supplying
biofuels; progressing CCS technologies; and implementing
energy-efficiency measures in our operations where reasonably practical. To
support this, we continue to advocate the introduction of effective
governmentled carbon pricing mechanisms

According to the IEA, over 40% of global emissions in 2013 came from
electricity and heat generation. For many countries, using more gas in
power generation instead of coal can make the largest contribution, at the
lowest cost, to meeting their GHG emission reduction objectives. We
expect that, in combination with renewables and use of CCS, natural gas
will be essential for significantly lower COz emissions. With our leading
position in liquefied natural gas (LNG), our portfolio of conventional gas
assets and our technologies for recovering gas from tight rock formations,
we can supply natural gas to replace coal for power generation. Natural
gas can also act as a partner for intermittent renewable energy, such as
solar and wind, to maintain a steady supply of electricity, because gas-fired
plants can start and stop relatively quickly.

We believe that low-carbon biofuels are one of the most viable ways to
reduce COy from transport fuels in the coming years. Our Raizen joint venture
(Shell interest 50%) in Brazil produces low-carbon biofuel from sugar cane.
We are also investing in research to help develop and commercialise
advanced biofuels

CCS is a technology used for capturing CO, from flue gas before it is
emitted into the atmosphere, transporting it through pipelines and injecting it
into a deep geological formation for long-term storage. According to the
IEA, CCS could contribute around 13% of the CO, mitigation effort
required by 2050, assuming that use of CCS technology grows in
accordance with the IEA scenario. In November 2015, we launched our
Quest CCS project in Canada, which is designed to capture and safely
store more than 1 million tonnes of CO, each year. We are also involved
in the CCS test centre in Mongstad, Norway, the Gorgon CO, injection
project in Australia and the Qatar Carbonates and Carbon Storage
Research Centre. At the Peterhead power station in Scotland, which is
operated by the British energy company SSE, we were developing the
world’s first full-scale CCS project for a natural gas-fired power plant.
Unfortunately, in late 2015, the UK government decided not to fund the
project, which meant that it could not proceed. However, our technical data
and reports will be made public. We also have technology that can remove
both COz and sulphur dioxide from industrial flue gases. It is being used at
the Boundary Dam coal-fired power plant in Canada

We continue to work on improving energy efficiency at our oil and gas
production facilities, refineries and chemical plants. Measures include our
GHG and energy management programme that focuses on the efficient
operation of existing equipment by using monitoring systems which give us
instant information that we can use to make energy-saving changes

In addition, we work to help our customers conserve energy and reduce
their GHG emissions, including through the development and sale of
advanced fuels and lubricants

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

Our performance

Our direct GHG emissions decreased from 76 million tonnes of CO
equivalent in 2014 to 72 million in 2015. The level of flaring in our
Upstream businesses fell by 8% in 2015 compared with 2014, despite an
increase in flaring levels in Malaysia in line with increased oil production in
2015. Our emissions also decreased as a result of divestments (for
example, in Nigeria and the Geelong refinery in Australia), a higher level
of maintenance shutdowns and the startup of Quest. These decreases were
partially offset by updated Global Warming Potentials (GWPs). GWP is an
index used to compare the impact of emissions from various greenhouse
gases to the impact of emissions from the equivalent mass of CO. Our
2014 reporting was based on the GWPs from the Second Assessment
Report published by the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
Consistent with updated UK regulations, our 2015 reporting is based on
the GWPs from the Fourth Assessment Report. For example, as a result,
GWP for methane increased from 21 to 25

In 2015, we signed up to the World Bank's “Zero Routine Flaring by 2030"
initiative. This is an important initiative to ensure all stakeholders, including
governments and companies, work together to address routine flaring. Flaring,
‘or burning off, of gas in our Upstream businesses contributed around 17% to
our overall GHG emissions in 2015. The majority of this flaring takes place at
facilities where there is no infrastructure to capture the gas produced with oil,
known as associated gas. Gas flaring from these operations may rise in
coming years if oil production increases before the related gas-gathering
equipment is in place. In October 2015, we brought a project on stream to
capture gas for reinjection in Malaysia. At the end of 2015, we also brought
a project on stream that captures gas from the Majnoon field in Iraq to help
supply the domestic market. We expect to further reduce our flaring levels in
2016, as gas gathering facilities that started at the end of 2015 in Malaysia
and Iraq reach full capacity

In parallel, our involvement in Basrah Gas Company (BGC), a joint venture
between Shell, South Gas Company and Mitsubishi Corporation in the south
of Iraq, continues to reduce flaring in the country. It is the largest gas project in
Iraq's history and the world's largest flaring reduction project. BGC captures
associated gas that would otherwise be flared from three non-Shell operated
oil fields in southern Iraq [Rumaila, West Qurna 1 and Zubair) for use in the
domestic market. It reached a peak raw gas throughput of 515 million
standard cubic feet per day in 2015

Around 25% of our flaring in 2015 took place in Nigeria, where a
challenging operating environment and shortfalls in funding from the
governmentowned Nigerian National Petroleum Company — which has the
majority interest in a venture operated by The Shell Petroleum Development
Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC] — has slowed progress on projects that
are intended to gather additional associated gas that is currently flared

Despite the noted funding challenges, flaring intensity levels in SPDC decreased
by about 15% in 2015 compared with 2014. Work to improve asset
teliability reduced the rate of flaring and the divestment of assets in Oil Mining
leases 18, 24 and 29 further contributed to the decrease in flaring emissions.

We recognise the importance of reducing methane emissions and take our
responsibilities seriously. Methane from the flaring and venting of
associated gas in our Upstream oil operations was the largest contributor to
our reported methane emissions in 2015. We are working to reduce
methane emissions from these sources by reducing the overall level of flaring
and venting. In addition, we continue to implement “Leak Detection and
Repair” programmes across our sites to identify high-emission equipment,
such as high-bleed pneumatic devices, and unintended losses, so they can
be replaced or repaired. We continue to work to confirm that we have
identified all potential methane sources and have reported our emissions
from these sources in line with regulations and industry standards


--- Page 51 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

GHG emissions data are provided below in accordance with UK
regulations introduced in 2013. GHG emissions comprise CO», methane,
nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur
hexafluoride. The data are calculated using locally regulated methods
where they exist. Where there is no locally regulated method, the data are
calculated using the 2009 API Compendium, which is the recognised
industry standard under the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard. There are inherent limitations to the accuracy of such
data. Oil and gas industry guidelines (IPIECA/API/IOGP) indicate that a
number of sources of uncertainty can contribute to the overall uncertainty of
a corporate emissions inventory

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

2015 2014
Emissions (million tonnes of CO, equivalent)
Direct [A] 72 76
Energy indirect [B] 9 10
Intensity ratios (tonne/tonne)
All facilities [C] 0.23 0.23
Downstream refineries [D] 0.29 0.29
Upstream facilities [E] 0.14 0.14

[A] Emissions from the combustion of fuel and the operation of facilities. 2015 emissions are
calculated using GWPs from the ICC's Fourth Assessment Report.

[8] Emissions from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam and cooling for our own use using a market
based method

{[C] In tonnes of total direct and energy indirect GHG emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed and petrochemicals produced in Downstream manufacturing, and oil and gas produced
and gas processed by gastoliquid (GTl) facilities in Upstream. The regulations require the reporting
of a ratio which expresses the annual emissions in relation to a quantifiable factor associated with our
activities. However, cil and gas industry guidelines {IPIECA/AP|/IOGP| state that only presenting
normalised environmental performance data separately for different business activities would generally
provide meaningful information. As a result, we are also reporting the most appropriate ratio for our
Downstream and Upstream businesses.

[D] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect GHG emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed. The ratio includes chemical plants where they are integrated with refineries.

{E] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect GHG emissions per tonne of oil and gas produced. The
ratio excludes GTL facilities.

As set out in “Performance indicators” on page 21, our Refining Energy
Intensity Index (ElI™) was 95.4 in 2015, compared with 94.9 in 2014
Detailed information on our 2015 environmental performance will be
published in the Shell Sustainability Report in April 2016.

SPILLS

Large spills of crude oil, oil products and chemicals associated with our
operations can result in major clean-up costs as well as fines and other
damages. They can also affect our licence to operate and harm our
reputation. We have clear requirements and procedures designed to
prevent spills, and our asset integrity programmes include the design,
maintenance and operation of spill containment facilities

Our business units are responsible for organising and executing oil-spill
responses in line with Shell guidelines as well as with relevant legal and
regulatory requirements. All our offshore installations have plans in place to
respond to spills. These plans detail response strategies and techniques,
available equipment, and trained personnel and contracts. We are able to
call upon significant resources such as containment booms, collection
vessels and aircraft. We are also able to draw upon the contracted services
of oil-spill response organisations, if required. We conduct regular exercises
that seek to ensure these plans remain effective. We have further developed
our capability to respond to spills to water, and maintain a Global
Response Support Network to support our worldwide response capability
This is also supported by our global Oil Spill Excellence Center, which tests
local capability, and maintains our capability globally to respond to a
significant incident.

We are a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company, a
non-profit industry consortium providing a welkcontainment response system
for the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, we were a founding member of the
Subsea Well Response Project, an industry cooperative effort to enhance
global well-containment capabilities. The additional well-containment
capability developed by this project is now managed by an industry
consortium via Oil Spill Response Limited

We also maintain site-specific emergency response plans in the event of an
onshore spill. Like the offshore response plans, these are designed to meet
Shell guidelines as well as relevant legal and regulatory requirements. They
also provide for the initial assessment of incidents and the mobilisation of
resources needed to manage them

In 2015, the number of operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
decreased to 108 from 153 in 2014 (see “Performance indicators” on
page 21). At the end of February 2016, there were two spills under
investigation in Nigeria that may result in adjustments

Although most oil spills in Nigeria result from sabotage and theft of crude
oil, there are instances where spills occur in our operations due to
operational failures, accidents or corrosion. SPDC responds to all oil spills
originating in the area immediately surrounding its pipelines and other
facilities, regardless of the cause. It has been working to reduce operational
spills that are under its control. It maintains a public website to track the
response, investigation and clean-up of every spill from its facilities due to
operational failure, sabotage or theft.

Accelerating implementation of the United Nations Environment Programme
(UNEP]'s Environmental Assessment of Ogoniland was identified as a
priority in 2015 by the newly elected Buhari administration. In August
2015, an 18-month roadmap was agreed between the government, UNEP
and SPDC, which included approval of a governance model and funding
framework for the Ogoni Restoration Fund recommended by UNEP.

In 2015, SPDC and the Bodo community signed a memorandum of
understanding to restart the clean-up of the Bodo creeks affected by two
operational spills in 2008. The clean-up will be overseen by an
independent project director appointed by the Bodo mediation team
Contractors for the first phase of the clean-up were deployed to the field in
2015; however, the preliminary assessment works were stopped by the
community shortly afterwards. Efforts are ongoing to engage all stakeholders
so that the clean-up exercise can begin

As both UNEP and the co-chairs of the Bodo mediation team have noted, it
is essential that clean-up and remediation are accompanied by concerted
efforts by government, communities and the oil and gas industry to prevent
re-pollution. SPDC is pursuing a range of initiatives to prevent and minimise
the impact of sabotage and crude oil theft within Ogoniland, including
community-based pipeline surveillance, education and alternative
livelihoods programmes

HYDRAULIC FRACTURING

Over the last decade, we have established our onshore oil and gas portfolio
using advances in technology to access previously uneconomic tightoil and tight
gas resources, including those locked in shale formations. This energy resource
continues to play an important role in meeting global energy demand

One of the key technologies applied in tightoil and tightgas fields is known
as hydraulic fracturing, a technique that has been used since the 1950s. It
involves pumping a fluid that is typically 99% water and sand and around
1% chemical additives into tight sand or shale rock at high pressure. This
creates threadlike fissures, typically the diameter of a human hair, through
which oil and gas can flow.


--- Page 52 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

In 2011, we developed and publicly shared a set of five global principles
that govern the onshore tight/shale oil and gas activities where hydraulic
fracturing is used. The principles cover safety, air quality, water production
and use, land use, and engagement with local communities. We support
regulations consistent with these principles, which are designed to reduce
risks to the environment and seek to ensure the safety of those living near our
operations. As new technologies, challenges and regulatory requirements
emerge, we review and update these principles. Each of our projects takes
into account the local context, including the geology of the area and
impacts such as noise and traffic, and we then design our activities with the
aim to suit the local conditions

Some jurisdictions are considering more stringent permitting, well-construction
and other regulations relating to fracturing, as well as local bans and other land
use restrictions. Such regulations could subject our operations to delays,
increased costs or prohibitions. Our current standards meet or exceed the
existing regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions where we operate. We
believe we can safely and responsibly explore, develop and produce tight oil
and tightgas where hydraulic fracturing technology is used — and we support
regulation, as long as it is workable and effective

Examples of topics which our principles cover include groundwater
protection, chemicals used for hydraulic fracturing, water use and
seismicity

To protect and isolate potable groundwater from hydraulicfracturing fluids in the
wellbore, we line all our wells with steel casing and cement. All of our wells are
expected to have two or more subsurface barriers to protect groundwater. We
monitor a wellbore’s integrity before, during and after hydraulic fracturing
When we acquire assets, we evaluate the assets’ wells for conformity with our
safety and operating principles, and put in place a plan with a timeline for
rectifying any inconsistencies as far as reasonably practical

To the extent allowed by our suppliers, we support full disclosure of the chemicals
used in hydraulicfracturing fluids for Shel-operated wells. Material Safety Data
Sheet information is available on site where wells are being hydraulically fractured.
We support regulation to require suppliers to release such information. The
chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing will vary from well to well and from
contractor fo contractor, but some can be toxic. For that reason, we have stringent
procedures for handling hydraulicfracturing chemicals in accordance with the
design and assurance processes described above. The formations into which these
additives may be injected are typically more than a thousand metres below
freshwater aquifers. Our procedures require that potable groundwater must be
isolated from well completion and production activities. Moreover, we only use air,
water or a water-based liquid while drilling through the potable groundwater
aquifer to a depth below the aquifer. The casing and cement are then put in place
before drilling is resumed and hydraulic fracturing is initiated

We recycle or reuse as much water as we believe is reasonably practical. We
store, treat or dispose of water in accordance with regulatory requirements and
Shell standards, which meet or exceed those regulatory requirements.

There have been reports linking hydraulic fracturing to earth tremors. Most seismic
events occur naturally due to motion along faults under stress in the earth's crust.
Some areas are more seismically active than others. We analyse publicly
available seismic, geologic and geophysical data to determine historical seismicity
in areas where we plan to operate, and if seismic activity beyond historic levels is
detected, we will investigate and review our operations. We are supportive of
local regulations that are fiforpurpose, based on local geology and surface
conditions, in managing the risk of induced seismicity in our operating areas. In
addition to adhering to local regulations, we have our own guidelines, which
outline monitoring, mitigation and response procedures to avoid or minimise
seismicity associated with hydraulic fracturing

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

OIL SANDS

We are developing mineable oil sands resources in Alberta, Canada. We
use an aqueous extraction method [warm water) to extract bitumen, which is
a heavy oil. Tailings are the residual by-products that remain after the
bitumen is separated from the mined oil sands ore. They are composed of
sand, clay, water, silts, some residual bitumen and other hydrocarbons,
salts and trace metals, some of which are toxic. Tailings are initially stored
in an above-ground tailings facility adjacent to the mined pit until the mined-
out pit area is ready for tailings materials and fluids placement. This in-pit
backfilling process begins approximately eight to ten years after mining has
started. This period allows for mining to progress enough to allow dykes to
be built within the mined pit to provide areas for tailings containment as
mining continues to advance. We take active measures to prevent wildlife
from interacting with the tailings facilities, and have barriers to prevent
tailings water from seeping into groundwater. We regularly monitor the
local groundwater and surface water bodies to confirm that these barriers
are effective at preventing contamination

In addition, tailings facilities allow water to be recycled, minimising the
amount of water intake from the river. Over 75% of the water used in our oil
sands mining operations is recycled from the tailings facilities at our mines.

The tailings management areas at the Athabasca Oil Sands Project’s Muskeg
River and Jackpine mines covered an area of approximately 43 square
kilometres at the end of 2015. We estimate that the active tailings’ footprint
will start to decrease between 2020 and 2025 as the Muskeg River Mine
external tailings facility is reclaimed and tailings materials are deposited in a
pit as part of the in-pit backfilling process.

Previously, tailings were managed under the Alberta Energy Regulator’s Directive
074, which had more prescriptive targets for tailings remediation. In March
2015, the Government of Alberta replaced it with a new policy — the Tailings
Management Framework (TMF) — to manage existing and new tailings pond
accumulation and remediation. The TMF and associated regulation will manage
tailings throughout a project life cycle and will include limits on tailings
accumulation. The framework also ensures that tailings are treated and
progressively reclaimed and that all fluid tailings meet the TMF's definition of
“teady to reclaim" within 10 years of the end of mine life. We continue to work
towards improving tailings treatment technologies to treat fluid fine tailings that
have a high percentage of fine particles.

EXPLORATION IN ALASKA

We operated for almost 50 years off the coast of Alaska, including the
Cook Inlet and the Beaufort and Chukchi seas, until 1998. Between 2005
and 2012, we acquired our current portfolio, which includes 339 federal
leases for exploration in the Beaufort and Chukchi seas, and 18 state
leases in North Slope coastal waters:

In September 2015, we safely drilled the Burger J well to a depth of 2,073
metres. The well was deemed a dry hole and was sealed and abandoned
in accordance with US regulations. We will not conduct further exploration
offshore Alaska for the foreseeable future. This decision reflects not only the
the Burger J well results, but also the high costs associated with the project,
and the challenging and unpredictable federal regulatory environment for
offshore Alaska

Subsequently, we safely demobilised all personnel and vessels from the
Chukchi Sea. All operations were conducted without significant injury or
environmental issues. We conveyed the results of the exploration season to
stakeholders and worked closely with them in the subsequent winding down
of operations


--- Page 53 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY CONTINUED

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2015

WATER

Although the availability of fresh water is a global issue of increasing
importance, water constraints are mainly local, requiring local solutions

A combination of increasing demand for water resources, growing
stakeholder expectations and concerns, and water-related legislation may
drive actions that affect our ability to secure access to fresh water and to
discharge water from our operations. We require our assets and projects to
assess risks to water availability and, in areas of water scarcity, we develop
watermanagement action plans that identify ways to use less fresh water,
recycle water and closely monitor its use. We design and operate our
facilities to help reduce their freshwater use

On Pulau Bukom, a small island in southern Singapore, a country with
limited water supplies, we use recycled water and convert sea water for
steam generation at our refinery. We also make a conscious effort to reuse
our process water. As a result, we are relying less on water from mainland
Singapore, which frees up resources for use by local residents.

At our oil sands operations in Canada, we use far less than our water
allocation from the Athabasca River and we seek to minimise the amount
withdrawn during the winter months when the flow rate is low. We also
reduce the amount of fresh water needed in operations by recycling water
from the tailings ponds. Most of the water we use is recycled and we are
investigating new ways to further reduce fresh water intake

Our biofuel joint venture Raizen has been introducing a system that partially
recovers water from sugar cane to be reused in mills, boilers, cooling
towers and other equipment in the production line

Our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar does not take fresh water from its arid
surroundings. The water produced in the GTL manufacturing process is
recycled in the operation, fulfilling all the water needs of the plant

BIOFUELS

The international market for biofuels is growing, driven largely by the
introduction of new energy policies in Europe and the USA that call for
more renewable, lowercarbon fuels for transport. According to the IEA,
sustainable biofuels are expected to play an increasingly important role in
helping to meet customers’ fuel needs and reduce CO, emissions.

From cultivation to use, some biofuels emit significantly less CO2 compared
with conventional gasoline. But this depends on several factors, such as
how the raw materials are produced. Other challenges include concerns
over land competing with food crops, labour rights, and the water used in
the production process

In 2015, we used around 9.5 billion litres of biofuel in our gasoline and diesel
blends worldwide, which makes us one of the world’s largest biofuel suppliers.
We include our own long-established sustainability clauses in our supply
contracts. These clauses are designed to prevent the sourcing of biofuels from
suppliers that may not abide by human rights guidelines, or that may have
cleared land rich in biodiversity. In addition, where possible, we source biofuels
that have been certified against internationally recognised sustainability
standards.

We are also developing our own capabilities to produce sustainable
biofuel components. Raizen produces approximately 2 billion litres annually
of ethanol from sugar cane. This ethanol can reduce CO emissions by
around 70% compared with gasoline, from cultivation of the sugar cane to
using the ethanol as fuel

The Raizen jointventure agreement includes developing joint sustainability
principles, standards and operating procedures that also apply to third-party

suppliers. We also continue to work with industry, governments and
voluntary organisations towards the development of global sustainability
standards for biofuels

We continue to invest in new ways of producing biofuels from sustainable
feedstocks, such as biofuels made from waste products or cellulosic
biomass. These advanced biofuels could potentially emit less CO, in the
production process than the biofuels available today

Raizen’s cellulosic ethanol plant at its Costa Pinto mill in Brazil was opened in
2015. The technology was first developed from our funding of the logen
Energy venture, which was subsequently transferred to Raizen. It is expected to
produce 40 million litres a year of advanced biofuels from sugarcane residues.

We are working on three routes for manufacturing cellulosic biofuels and
now have three pilot plants at various stages of completion. The pilot plants
are designed to convert cellulosic biomass, which are non-food plants and
wastes, info a range of products, including gasoline, diesel, aviation fuel
and ethanol. The plant built in Houston, Texas, in 2012, continues to
provide valuable data in support of improving the digestion of biomass. A
second plant to test a pre-treatment process for cellulosic ethanol is now
being commissioned in Houston. A third plant has been approved and is
expected to be built in Bangalore, India

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS

We are subject to a variety of environmental laws, regulations and
reporting requirements in the countries where we operate. Infringing any of
these laws, regulations and requirements could result in significant costs,
including clean-up costs, fines, sanctions and third-party claims, as well as
harm our reputation and our ability to do business.

Our ongoing operating expenses include the costs of avoiding unauthorised
discharges into the air and water, and the safe disposal and handling of
waste.

We place a premium on developing effective technologies that are also
safe for the environment. However, when operating at the forefront of
technology, there is always the possibility that a new technology brings with
it environmental impacts that have not been assessed, foreseen or
determined to be harmful, when originally implemented. While we believe
we take all reasonable precautions to limit these risks, we are subject to
additional remedial environmental and litigation costs as a result of our
operations’ unknown and unforeseen impacts on the environment. Although
these costs have so far not been material to us, no assurance can be given
that this will always be the case

In this regard, as oil and gas fields mature, it is possible in certain
circumstances for seismic activity to increase based on the unique geology
of individual fields. While earth tremors as a result of gas production have
been acknowledged in the Groningen gas field in the Netherlands since
1993, an earthquake with the magnitude of 3.6 on the Richter scale in
August 2012 resulted in new insights and led to increased concerns in the
local community (see “Risk factors” on page 10). The field is operated by
Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. (NAM) (Shell interest 50%) and is
one of the largest onshore gas fields in Europe. An extensive study is in
progress to better understand seismic risk in the area. Several universities
and researchers are involved and a report is expected in 2016. Interim
results from November 2015 included a fully-integrated seismic risk
assessment. This risk assessment demonstrated that all the analysed
production levels meet the acceptable risk boundaries set by the Ministry of
Economic Affairs of the Netherlands.

The Dutch government has imposed significant gas production reduction
measures since 2014. A range of actions have been taken to improve


--- Page 54 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2015

safety, liveability and economic prospects in the region, including the cap
on extraction. A long-term programme has been developed by the National
Coordinator for Groningen to work with regional authorities and residents
on issues such as improving the handling of claims and the resolution of
disputes. NAM is working together with all relevant parties

SECURITY

Our operations expose us to social instability, civil unrest, terrorism, piracy,
acts of war and risks of pandemic diseases that could have a material
adverse effect on our business (see “Risk factors” on page 09). We seek to
obtain the best possible information to enable us to assess threats and risks.
We conduct detailed assessments for all sites and activities, and implement
appropriate risk mitigation measures to detect, deter and respond to security
threats. This includes building strong and open relationships with
government security agencies, the physical hardening of sites, journey
management, and information risk management. We conduct training and
awareness campaigns, including travel advice and medical assistance
before travel. The identities of our employees and contractors and their
access to our sites and activities, both physical and logical, are consistently
verified and controlled. We manage and exercise crisis response and
management plans

NEIGHBOURING COMMUNITIES

Earning the trust of local communities is essential to the success of our
projects and operations. We have global requirements for social
performance — how we perform in our relationship with communities.

The requirements set clear rules and expectations for how we engage with
and respect communities that may be impacted by our operations. Shell-
operated major projects and facilities are required to have a social
performance plan and an effective community feedback mechanism. This
helps the business to understand the social context in which we plan to
operate, identifies potential negative effects on the community and manages
impacts. In addition, we have specific requirements intended to minimise
our impact on indigenous peoples’ traditional lifestyles and on handling
involuntary resettlement

HUMAN RIGHTS

Our Principles and Code of Conduct require our employees and contractors
to respect the human rights of fellow workers and communities where we
operate. Our approach is informed by the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, the core conventions of the International Labour Organization and
the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

We have specific policies in place in areas across our activities where
respect for human rights is particularly important to the way we operate,
such as communities, labour, procurement and security. We also work with
other companies and non-governmental organisations to improve the way
we apply these principles. Our approach to human rights helps us operate
in a responsible way, aimed at delivering projects without delays and
minimising the social impacts of our operations. It also enables us to better
share certain benefits of our activities, such as creating new jobs and
contracts that help develop local economies.

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY


--- Page 55 ---

‘OUR PEOPLE

OUR PEOPLE

SHELL ANNUAL REI

RT AND FORM 20F 2015

Our aim is to be the world’s most competitive and innovative energy
company. We recruit, train and recompense people according to a strategy
that aims to maintain a productive organisation, deploying talent across the
business effectively; accelerating development of our people; growing and
strengthening our leadership capabilities; and enhancing employee
performance through strong engagement.

EMPLOYEE OVERVIEW

At December 31, 2015, we employed 90,000 people, compared with
94,000 at the end of 2014. The net decrease included the impact by the
end of 2015, partially offset by recruitment, of our decision to reduce the
number of roles across our organisation by 7,500 in 2015-2016

We continued to recruit externally to execute our strategy and growth plans for
the future, hiring about 1,000 graduates and 1,500 experienced professionals
About 40% of our graduate recruits came from universities outside Europe and
the Americas, compared with 30% in 2014, in response to increasing demand
for skilled people in other regions, principally in Asia. The majority of our
graduate recruits came from technical disciplines

During 2015, we employed an average of 93,000 people, shown by
geographical area in the table below

EMPLOYEES BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

(AVERAGE N BERS) THOUSAND
2015 2014 2013

Europe 25 25 25
Asia 29 28 27
Oceania ] 2 3
Africa 3 3 3
North America 31 32 31
South America 4 4 3
Total 93 94 92

EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATION AND INVOLVEMENT

We strive to maintain a healthy industrial relations environment in which
dialogue between management and employees — both directly and, where
appropriate, through employee representative bodies — is embedded in our
work practices. On a quarterly basis, management briefs employees on our
operational and financial results through various channels, including team
meetings, face-to-face gatherings, an email from the Chief Executive Officer,
webcasts and online publications.

The Shell People Survey is one of the principal tools used to measure employee
engagement: the degree of affiliation and commitment to Shell. It provides
insights into employees’ views and has had a consistently high response rate
The average employee engagement score in 2015 was 80% favourable, as it
was in 2014

We promote safe reporting of views about our processes and practices. In
addition to local channels, the Shell Global Helpline enables employees to
report potential breaches of the Shell General Business Principles and Shell
Code of Conduct, confidentially and anonymously, in a choice of several
languages. See "Corporate governance” on page 70

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

We have a culture that embraces diversity and fosters inclusion. By
embedding these principles in our operations, we have a better
understanding of the needs of our varied customers, partners and
stakeholders throughout the world and can benefit from a wider talent pool
We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career development,
promotion, training and rewards for all employees, including those with

disabilities. Where possible, we make reasonable adjustments in job
design and provide appropriate training for employees who have become

disabled

We actively monitor representation of women and local nationals in senior
leadership positions, and have talentdevelopment processes to support us
in delivering more diverse representation

At the end of 2015, the proportion of women in senior leadership positions
was 19% compared with 18% at the end of 2014. Senior leadership
positions is a Shell measure based on senior salary group levels and is
distinct from the term “senior manager” in the statutory disclosures set out
below.

GENDER DIVERSITY DATA

(AT DECEMBER 31, 2015) NUMBER
Men. Women

Directors of the Company 8 73% 3 27%
Senior managers [A] 754 78% 218 22%
Employees (thousand) 63 70% 27 30%

[A] Senior manager is defined in section 414C(9) of the Companies Act 2006 and accordingly the
number disclosed comprises the Executive Committee members who were not Directors of the
Company, as well as other directors of Shell subsidiaries.

The local national coverage is the number of senior local nationals (both those
working in their respective base country and those expatriated) as a percentage
of the number of senior leadership positions in their base country.

LOCAL NATIONAL COVERAGE
(AT DECEMBER 31, 2015)

Number of selected key business countries

2015 2014 2013
Greater than 80% 12 12 12
Less than 80% 8 8 8
Total 20 20 20

EMPLOYEE SHARE PLANS

We have a number of share plans designed to align employees’ interests
with our performance through share ownership. For information on the
share-based compensation plans for Executive Directors, see the “Directors’
Remuneration Report” on pages 98-102

Performance Share Plan and Long-term Incentive Plan
Conditional awards of the Company's shares are made under the terms of
the Performance Share Plan (PSP) to some 17,000 employees each year.
From 2015, senior executives received conditional awards of the
Company's shares under the terms of the Long-term Incentive Plan (ITIP)
rather than under the terms of the PSP. The extent to which the awards vest
under both plans is determined over a three-year performance period but
the performance conditions applicable to each plan are different. Under the
PSP, half of the award is linked to the key performance indicators described
in “Performance indicators" on page 20, averaged over the period. The
other half of the award is linked to a comparative performance condition
which involves a comparison with four of our main competitors over the
period, based on four relative performance measures. Under the LTIP, the
award is solely linked to the comparative performance condition described
above. Under both plans, all shares that vest are increased by an amount
equal to the notional dividends accrued on those shares during the period
from the award date to the vesting date. In certain circumstances awards
may be adjusted before delivery or reclaimed after delivery. None of the
awards results in beneficial ownership until the shares vest. See Note 21 to
the “Consolidated Financial Statements” on pages 147-148


--- Page 56 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM OUR PEOPLE
Restricted Share Plan Strategic Report signed on behalf of the Board
Under the Restricted Share Plan, awards are made on a highly selective

basis to senior staff. Shares are awarded subject to a three-year retention /s/ Michiel Brandjes

period. All shares that vest are increased by an amount equal to the

notional dividends accrued on those shares during the period from the Michiel Brandjes

award date to the vesting date. In certain circumstances awards may be Company Secretary

adjusted before delivery or reclaimed after delivery March 9, 2016

Global Employee Share Purchase Plan

Eligible employees in participating countries may participate in the Global
Employee Share Purchase Plan. This plan enables them to make
contributions from net pay towards the purchase of the Company's shares at
a 15% discount to the market price, either at the start or at the end of an
annual cycle, whichever date offers the lower market price

UK Sharesave Scheme

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may participate in
the UK Sharesave Scheme. Options are granted over the Company's shares
at market value on the invitation date. These options are normally
exercisable after completion of a three-year or five-year contractual savings

period
UK Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may participate in
the Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan, under which monthly
contributions from gross pay are made towards the purchase of the
Company's shares.

ACQUISITION OF BG GROUP PLC

We acquired BG Group ple (BG) in February 2016. See "Strategy and
outlook” on page 15. BG has about 5,000 employees. As a result of the
identified synergies, we expect an overall potential reduction of
approximately 2,800 roles globally across the combined organisation,
which is in addition to the reduction of 7,500 mentioned earlier under
“Employee overview"

As a result of the acquisition, certain conditional employee share awards
made in 2015 under BG's Long-Term Incentive Plan were exchanged for
equivalent conditional awards over shares in the Company. Certain
participants in the BG Sharesave Scheme rolled over their outstanding BG
share options into options over the Company's shares
