MEE ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP

2

A word from the Chairman

A WORD FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Pierre Pasquier

On 31 December 2014, Sopra Steria was established with
the ambition of becoming a European leader in digital
transformation. On that date, two legal entities merged to
embark on the bold project of integrating two companies, each
with a long history and a strong culture.

It has been a little over a year since this founding date, and |
am proud of our progress. The integration of Sopra and Steria
is a success, and the soundness of our merger is unanimously
recognised.

Sopra Steria’s 2015 results testify to this success, even as our
teams were busy for much of last year with the operational
merger of our businesses. As evidence, | would cite the strong
sales performance of the Group, which saw organic growth
of 2% in 2015. In consulting and systems integration services
in France alone, where most of the integration issues were
concentrated, growth reached as high as 3.5%. The highly
positive reaction of our major clients to the merger of Sopra
and Steria illustrates the change in the Group’s positioning
and image. Sopra Steria is now perceived as a partner able to
design and carry out major digital transformation projects for
its European clients.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

With €3.6 billion in revenue, and more than 38,000 employees
operating in over 20 countries, Sopra Steria now has one of the
most extensive portfolios of offerings on the market. Its expertise
covers the full range digital transformation needs: consulting,
systems integration, development of solutions for specific
industries and technologies, infrastructure management,
managed services, cybersecurity and business process services.

The Group has a firm footing in the vertical markets that
comprise its areas of excellence. In a marketplace that is
changing ever more quickly, we will maintain and expand
our strategic thinking to adapt the Group's positioning and
fundamentals. Now that the merger is complete, we have
decided to launch an ambitious new enterprise project: Sopra
Steria 2020.

Sopra Steria 2020 is a plan for an agile, efficient and innovative
Group. An independent and unique Group, united by an
entrepreneurial culture, which places shared goals at the centre
of its business. A Group that deploys a long-term vision and a
value-creating project for its employees as well as its clients and
shareholders.

Sopra Steria 2020 is about a bold ambition to be the leading
IT service provider in Europe. That means strong organic
growth, an active policy of external growth and best-in-class
profitability.

Because they are the key stakeholders in the success of Sopra
Steria, | have decided to involve all of the Group’s employees
in this project through an employee share ownership program,
starting in the first quarter of 2016.

We are proud of the successes we have achieved together so
far. Our future success lies in our ability to rally around a set of
shared values and goals. Tomorrow holds many challenges, but
also great opportunities. Let's make the most of them!

[thas been alittle over a year since
this founding date, and! am proud
of our progress. The integration of
Sopra and Sterid is a success, and
the soundness of our merger is
unanimously recognised.
ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP ES
Sopra Steria at a glance

SOPRA STERIA AT A GLANCE
Key figures for 2015

Sopra Steria has one of the most extensive portfolios

of offerings on the market, spanning consulting, systems
integration, the development of business and technology > 3 8, OO O

solutions, infrastructure management, managed services,
cybersecurity and business process services. EMPLOYEES

€3.6 bn €245.5m 184

REVENUE OPERATING PROFIT. LOCATIONS
ON BUSINESS ACTIVITY

€1.2 bn €84.4m >20

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY NET PROFIT COUNTRIES
ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP

€2.2 bn €105.4m

MARKET CAPITALISATION SOLUTIONS DEVELOPMENT
AT 31/12/2015 R&D

OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE AT 31/12/2015

Individual and other +++ +++ + sce
shareholders

11.0%
T5%

International + +>, Par
[eta 1% :
institutional B Sopra GMT 19.7% (29.8%)
Founders & management 4.2% (6.8%)
French
institut 28.7% Shares managed on behalf
institutional of employees

Shareholder identification at 31/12/2015 — holdings of more than 1,000 shares
Sopra Steria Group (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) — SBF 120 index - ISIN: FR0000050809
Reuters: SOPR.PA - Bloomberg: SOP:FP

Sopra Steria Group — Founded 1968 - Société anonyme with share capital of €20,446,723 — 326 820 065 RCS Annecy
Registered office: PAE Les Glaisins — FR 74940 Annecy-le-Vieux

Head office: 9 bis, rue de Presbourg — FR 75116 Paris

Telephone: +33 (0)1 40 67 29 29 - Fax: +33 (0)1 40 67 29 30

accueil@soprasteria.com - www.soprasteria.com

Investor Relations Department: investors@soprasteria.com

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria 3
MEE ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Sopra Steria at a glance

A strong foothold in Europe

Group workforce: 38,450 1

GROUP REVENUE
BY REGION

ween Rest of

Other Europe - ; the world

"++ France

United Kingdom : -

A leading position in strategic vertical markets

GROUP REVENUE
BY VERTICAL MARKET

“Sian Aerospace,
Defence and
Homeland Security

Other °°*;

*+++ Public sector

Energy& °°"
Utilities
Telecom & °° +++ Insurance
Media 3%
Transport ***
Cll <a Banking

TOP 5 EUROPEAN IT COMPANIES TOP100PERATINGIN EUROPE

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

4

Products and services

ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP ES
Sopra Steria at a glance

for our clients’ digital transformation

GROUP REVENUE
BY BUSINESS LINE

Business *"'y
Process
Services

Solutions ***

* Consulting &
Integration
Infrastructure ***
Management

REVENUE FROM SERVICES (EXCLUDING SOLUTIONS)
BY REGION

Other **+
Europe

‘++ France

United «+
Kingdom

Over 40 years of expertise developing
business and technology solutions

REVENUE FROM SOLUTIONS
BY PRODUCT

Property **4
Management
Solutions

SopraHR : °
Software
*++ Sopra
Banking
Software
Social Mobile Big Data

yo’ lly B=
OTOL

REVENUE FROM SOLUTIONS
BY REGION

Other **y
Europe

‘++ France

Rest of °°
the world

Cloud loT

A

Cyber Security

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

5
MEE ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP

6

History of the Group

HISTORY OF THE GROUP
2015: An agile group

reinvents itself for sustained performance

Sopra Steria was born from the 2014 merger of two of France’s oldest digital services companies, Sopra and Steria, founded
respectively in 1968 and 1969 and both characterised by a strong entrepreneurial spirit as well as a firm collective commitment to

serving their clients.

Today, the Group has reinforced its position as a European leader in digital transformation. Its shares are listed in the SBF 120 index
and, in 2015, it posted €3.6 billion in revenue and employed more than 38,000 people in over 20 countries.

Sopra Steria has one of the most extensive portfolios of offerings on the market. Its technological expertise spans the entire range
of what clients need for a successful digital transformation: consulting, systems integration, developing technology- and industry-
specific solutions, infrastructure management, managed services, cybersecurity and business process services.

The Group has a solid foothold in the vertical markets that make up its areas of excellence: financial services, the public sector,
aerospace/defence/security, transport, telecoms and media, energy, retail and insurance.

1968

1985

Meeting the needs

of an increasingly digital society

The emerging IT services industry is in step with the demands of
an increasingly modern society. Sopra and Steria set ambitious
growth targets to achieve critical mass as quickly as possible,
and to meet the needs of major clients with innovative products
and services.

Sopra invests in software development and opens up new
vertical markets. Meanwhile, Steria signs a series of major
public-sector contracts.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

1985
2000

An era of rebuilding

After two decades of strong momentum, the IT services
market enters a maturity phase and faces its first tests. In
1985, Sopra rethinks its fundamentals. A model combining
two complementary businesses emerges, and the company
focuses on systems integration and software development. The
Group places financial performance at the heart of its strategy
to ensure its long-term independence and prepare for its initial
public offering, which takes place in 1990.

Steria also reorganises its functional structure. By rationalising
and industrialising processes, it gets back on track winning
major deals. Everything is ready for the company to plan its
initial public offering in 1999.
2000

2014

Contributing to

clients’ digital transformation

In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts, accelerating market
changes. Clients are looking for global players capable of
assisting them in transforming their businesses.

Steria responds to these challenges by making major, structural
acquisitions. The Group doubles in size by integrating Bull's
European businesses in 2001, and boosts its consulting offering
with the acquisition of German firm Mummert Consulting
in 2005. Xansa, a British group specialising in BPO (Business
Process Outsourcing), joins the Steria fold in 2007. In 2013,
Steria signs one of the biggest contracts in its history with the
UK government, strengthening its foothold in the public sector.
Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate
its European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting,
systems integration and solutions development. Axway, a
subsidiary formed by bringing together the Group’s software
infrastructure divisions, is floated in 2011 to let it pursue its
growth independently and set out to conquer the US market.
Sopra is recognised for its expertise in financial services, leading
to the creation of Sopra Banking Software in 2012. In 2014,
dedicated human resources solutions are brought together in a
single subsidiary, Sopra HR Software.

ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP SS

History of the Group

2014
2016

A new dimension

and a new enterprise project

The digital services market is becoming more and more
concentrated. In this context, a friendly tie-up between Sopra
and Steria makes perfect sense, so on 31 December 2014, a
new European leader in digital transformation is forged: Sopra
Steria. The two groups perfectly complement each other in
terms of business activities and geographic segments, and their
business cultures are closely aligned.

In the first few months of 2015, the integration plan jointly
designed by Sopra and Steria teams is successfully rolled out in
the operational and functional departments of the new Group.
In parallel, strategic investments continue in services and the
development of business-specific solutions. The October 2015
acquisition of CIMPA boosts the Group’s presence in the PLM
(product lifecycle management) market. A proposed merger with
software publisher Cassiopae is announced in February 2016,
which would reinforce Sopra Banking Software’s position in
managing specialised and real-estate financing.

In June 2015, the new Group sees a change in its ownership
structure. Sopra GMT, the holding company that takes an active
role in managing Sopra Steria, buys 3.43% of the share capital
from a reference shareholder, Geninfo (Société Générale), on its
exit. Sopra Steria also acquires 1.47% of the share capital, with
a view to implementing an employee share ownership plan. The
plan is officially launched in March 2016, and helps involve all
employees more closely in the Group’s enterprise project. This
plan marks the beginning of a new phase and reaffirms the
company’s uniqueness by putting its people at the heart of its
activities, with a view to the long term.

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping
them remain competitive and grow. Combining added value
with innovative high-performance services, the company excels
in guiding its clients through their transformation projects to
help them make the most of digital technology.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

7
MEE ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP

8

Vision and strategy

VISION AND STRATEGY

A fully integrated IT services provider
serving Europe's digital transformation needs

The vertical approach and the
acceleration of initiatives in the
digital sphere are strategically
significant

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

Sopra Steria’s ambition is to become the preferred digital
transformation partner of major public organisations and large
companies across Europe. It plans to accomplish this by setting
itself apart from the competition. Sopra Steria aims to operate
throughout Europe, focusing on key customers in specific
industries where it has unique expertise to offer in business
processes, innovation and digital transformation.

Sopra Steria capitalises on two specific attributes to help it
stand out from the crowd. First, the Group has the distinction
of being both a specialist in digital services and a developer of
enterprise software solutions (accounting for 14% of revenue
or about €500 million), with a track record of more than forty
years serving specific industries (banking, insurance, property
management) and functions (human resources). This unique
and broad background enables Sopra Steria to provide the
most effective possible support for its customers’ digital
transformation needs. Second, the Group benefits from a close
relationship with its customers. Its size, organisation and culture
place customers at the centre of its business model, constantly
improving its ability to understand and meet their needs.

The vertical approach and the acceleration of initiatives in the
digital sphere are strategically significant.

The policy of concentrating on certain verticals and targeted key
accounts will be continued and expanded.
ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP ES
Vision and strategy

Business development will be focused on eight priority vertical
markets, together accounting for almost 90% of revenue:
banking; public sector; aerospace, defence and security; energy
and utilities, telecoms and media, transport, insurance and retail.
For each vertical, the Group has selected a few specific areas of
business in which it aims to secure a leading position through
high value-added offerings. In order to position itself even
more securely with customer decision-makers, the Group is also
accelerating its developments in consulting so as to produce a
new combined service model pairing specific business processes
with application services that can be rolled out progressively to
all operating regions.

Ultimately, the Group wants the solutions business to represent
20% of its revenue. Combining organic and external growth,
efforts will focus on the enrichment of the Group's offering, the
strengthening of managed services and geographic expansion.
The development of Sopra Banking Software and Sopra HR
Software are priorities.

The Digital Transformation Office will be responsible for fostering
internal creativity and facilitating the emergence of new digital
initiatives. In each of the priority verticals, experts are tasked with
identifying the best opportunities to service customers’ business
needs in key technologies (social media, mobile, analytics, cloud
computing, security, artificial intelligence, internet of things,
etc.). The Group is also building up its network of DigiLabs
designed to help anticipate new uses of digital technology. Last
but not least, Sopra Steria has undertaken to establish targeted

partnerships with leading players in the digital ecosystem The Digital Transformation Office

(startups, institutions of higher education and associated : : :
research laboratories, major software publishers, etc.). For will be responsible for fostering
example, Sopra Steria has forged a strategic partnership with internal creativity and facilitating the

Axway, which offers Digital Business Enablement solutions. , 4 tops?
emergence of new digital initiatives

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria | Q
MEE ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP

10

Governance

GOVERNANCE

Sopra Steria’s corporate governance is structured around the Chairman, the Board of Directors and Executive Management. The Board
of Directors has 18 members with voting rights (including two employee representatives) and one non-voting member. Executive
Management is led by a Chief Executive Officer and two Deputy CEOs. The Executive Committee consists of Executive Management
and the directors of the main operating and functional entities.

Board of Directors

Audit Committee Compensation Nomination, Ethics
Committee and Governance

Composition of the Board of Directors Committee

4 members 6 members 6 members

Pierre Pasquier
Chairman of the Board of Directors

Eric Hayat
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors

Astrid Anciaux
Director

Kathleen Clark Bracco
Permanent representative of Sopra GMT

Jean Mounet
Directo

Jeantuc Placet
Directo

Sylvie Remond
Directo

Gustavo Roldan de Belmira
Director representing the employees

Jean Francois Sammarcelli
Directo

Bernard Michel
Non-voting director

@: Independent director C Chairman M: Member

Executive Management

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Bringing everyone on board for the
Sopra Steria enterprise project...

ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP ES
Corporate social responsibility

...by placing individual and shared success at the core of our business philosophy

m= Gender equality in the workplace
= Talent development through continuing education and on-the-job training
m= Team engagement

...by promoting innovative, collaborative initiatives to boost shared performance

= Innovation Awards: Nearly 600 teams participated in the 2015 awards, versus 456 in 2013. The Innovation Awards are open
to all Group employees, and aim to promote creativity and explore new uses of digital technology. 15 prototypes were selected.

= The DigiLab: This collaborative technology test lab brings together experts, clients and partners of the Group to anticipate new
ways of using digital technology. The Group’s main entities in Europe and India have a DigiLab.

= The Sopra Steria Blog: This public blog dedicated to innovation and digital transformation gives the Group’s experts a place
to share their views on current issues related to new technologies. This content can also be shared via social media, helping it

reach a wider audience.

...by actively participating in societal and environmental change

Observing business ethics is the key priority in our day-
to-day activities

This priority, which is based on the commitments of the United
Nations Global Compact, is formalised in Sopra Steria’s Code of
Ethics, which applies to the Group’s entire scope.

The Group works together with communities in the
countries where it operates

Sopra Steria has launched an action plan focusing on four
community outreach initiatives: digital inclusion, access to
education, access to employment and the right to water.

Digital innovation to promote environmental
responsibility

Sopra Steria offers services to meet its clients’ needs.

= Digital technology for a low-carbon economy:

- | Smart Meters: deployment of smart meters in France,
Smart Homes and Smart Buildings: systems to
improve energy performance,

Smart Grids - Smart Cities: energy management
systems for the neighbourhoods and towns of
tomorrow.

. Sustainability Consulting:
Helping businesses and local authorities reduce the
environmental footprint of transport,
Rolling out a Sustainable Service Delivery service
for major public-sector clients, particularly in the
United Kingdom.

WE SUPPORT

eae CDP
CLIMATI

3
PERFORMANCE
LEADER 2014

CO> emissions
-15% by 2020

Sopra Steria has been working alongside We
Mean Business, a coalition of organisations
including CDP Climate Change founded
on the occasion of the COP21 conference,
to reduce the Group's greenhouse gas
emissions by 15% between 2014 and 2020.

TIF, TIF,
ole, orl,
CARBO CARROM
NEUTRAL NEUTRAL
. : “s ~
a cost Sings
CarbonNeutral.com CarbonNeutral.com

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria | |
MEE ~ ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Performance in 2015

PERFORMANCE IN 2015

6.4%

2.0%

€49.3m

PRO FORMA“ ORGANIC™ FREE CASH FLOW
REVENUE GROWTH REVENUE GROWTH
6.8% 2.4%
OPERATING MARGIN NET MARGIN

ON BUSINESS ACTIVITY

REVENUE IN €M

4,000.0
3,500.0
3,000.0
2,500.0
2,000.0
1,500.0
1,000.0

0.0 | | L :

500.0
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015

OPERATING PROFIT ON BUSINESS ACTIVITY IN €M

300.0
250.0
6.8%
200.0
6.9%
150.0
100.0 9.0% 8.1%
8.8%
50.0 a
0.0
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP IN €M
120.0
100.0
2.8%
80.0
60.0 a asi
4.6%
40.0
20.0
0.0

2011

2012 2013 2014 2015

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

12

ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP

(*) Base of comparison adjusted pro forma for the Sopra Steria merger
(**) Constant scope and exchange rates

NET DIVIDEND IN EUROS PER SHARE

5.00 4.12
4.50
4.00
3.50
3.00
2.50
2.00
1.50
1.00
0.50
0.00

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010* 2011

2012 2013 2014 2015**
(*) At their General Meeting of 8 June 2011, Sopra Group's shareholders approved the exceptional distribution of
reserves and premiums in the form of €3.92 in cash and one Axway Software share per Sopra Group share held,
thereby completing the spin-off and listing of Axway Software.
(**) Amount to be proposed at the 2016 General Meeting

SOPRA STERIA STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE OVER 5 YEARS:
COMPARED TO THE SBF120 INDEX

5-Year stock market performance

SOPRA STERIA + 88.12%
SBF 120 +36.85%
100.00% We
60.00%
0.00%
-60.0%
e e e e e e
3100/20" 310 2017 gg 0027S ggiqti204F aig t 2088 giro"
— Sopra Steria SBF120

(*) base 100 at 31/12/2011
Introduction to Sopra Steria

1. Key figures 14
2. History of Sopra Steria Group 15
3. Activities of Sopra Steria Group 15
4. Digital services sector: current situation

and challenges 22
5. Simplified group structure

at 31 December 2015 23

Group organisation 24
7. Review of the group's position and results 25
8. 2015 Sopra Steria Group SA individual

financial statements 30
9. Strategy and objectives: recent trends

and outlook for 2016 31
10. Risk factors 33

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria | 13
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Key figures

Key figures

1.1. Key income statement and balance sheet items

2014 2014
pro forma“) IFRS consolidated ”
(12 + 12 months) (12 + 5 months)

(in millions of euros)

Revenue 3,584.4 3,370.0 2,280.3
EBITDA 303.5 283.9 220.6
Operating profit on business activity 245.5 231.2 193.0

As % of revenue 6.8% 6.9% 8.5%
Profit from recurring operations 225.0 210.9 180.3

As % of revenue 6.3% 6.3% 7.9%
Operating profit 152.6 156.8 148.2

As % of revenue 4.3% 4.7% 6.5%
Net profit attributable to the group 84.4 92.8 98.2

As % of revenue 24% 2.8% 4.3%
Total assets 3,821.3 3,510.0
Total non-current assets 2,302.1 2,184.4
Equity attributable to the group 1,194.4 1,057.1
Minority interests 38.7 29.7
Number of shares at 31 December 20,446,723 20,371,789
Basic earnings per share (ineuros) ©) 4.27 6.81
Fully diluted earnings per share (ineuros) ‘“ 4.26 6.77
Net dividend per share (in euros) 1.70 ©) 1.90
Total workforce at 31 December 38,450 37,358

(1) Pro forma 2014 revenue per Sopra accounting policies and after restatement of intra-group items: 12 months Sopra + 12 months Steria.

(2) 2014 IFRS financial statements: 12 months Sopra + 5 months Steria after taking into account corrections to the opening balance sheet published on 30 June 2015.

(3) Net profit attributable to the group divided by the average number of shares during the year.

(4) Net profit attributable to the group divided by the average number of shares during the year, taking into account the dilutive effect of instruments convertible into ordinary shares.
(5) Dividend to be proposed at the General Meeting of 22 June 2016.

1.2. Breakdown of revenue by reporting unit

2014 pro forma
(as %) (12 + 12 months)

France 38% 39%
United Kingdom 29% 28%
Other Europe 19% 20%
Sopra Banking Software 8% 8%
Other Solutions 6% 5%
TOTAL 100% 100%

14 Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria
1.3. Revenue by vertical market

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

2014 pro forma
(as %) 2015 (12 + 12 months)
Banking 21% 21%
Insurance 5% 6%
Public Sector 25% 23%
Aerospace, Defence, Homeland Security 16% 15%
Energy, Utilities 8% 8%
Telecoms, Media 6% 8%
Transport 5% 6%
Retail 3% 3%
Other 11% 10%
TOTAL 100% 100%

History of Sopra Steria Group

See pages 6 and 7 of this document.

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

3.1. A European leader in digital
transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation, has one of
the most extensive portfolios of offerings available on the market,
spanning consulting and systems integration, the development
of industry- and technology-specific solutions, infrastructure
management, cybersecurity and business process services (BPS).

The group provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow throughout their transformation,
from strategic analysis, programme guidance and implementation,
and the conversion and operation of IT infrastructures, to designing
and implementing solutions and outsourcing business processes.

Combining added value, innovative solutions and high-performance
services, Sopra Steria’s hybrid model capitalises on its substantial
experience. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients, the
group is able to continually innovate to ensure that its offerings
remain relevant to the strategic challenges of each of its vertical
markets.

Sopra Steria is an independent group that is 23.9% controlled by
its founders and managers. It has 38,450 employees located in over

20 countries implementing a strategy based on major European
accounts.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway
Software, whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play
an important role in renovating information systems and opening
them up to digital technology.

3.1.1. CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION

a. Consulting

Sopra Steria Consulting, the group's consulting brand, is one of the
major players in the consulting sector. Sopra Steria Consulting has
over 40 years’ experience in business and technological consultancy
for large companies and public bodies, with 2,000 consultants in
France and Europe. Its aim is to accelerate the development and
competitiveness of its clients by supporting them in their digital
transformation. This support mainly involves understanding clients’
business issues using substantial sector-specific expertise, and then
working to design transformation roadmaps (business processes,
IT architecture, change management, etc.) enabling them to make
the most of new digital technologies.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

15
16

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Activities of Sopra Steria Group

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system lifecycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address
the full range of its clients’ software asset needs:

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients implement agile, industrial-
scale projects. The group undertakes to design and deliver systems
in line with business requirements that are flexible and scalable,
so that they can be adapted to the new requirements of digital
transformation while guaranteeing compliance with sector-specific
regulatory constraints. This is made possible by working closely
with the Sopra Steria Consulting teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance, Sopra
Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to guarantee
optimised operational efficiency for its clients, suited to changes
in their business. The transformation approach includes a well-
equipped and documented procedure making it possible to
combine the issues involved in reducing the time to market, and
improving competitiveness and continuity of service.

Streamlining data flow

Once they have been integrated, the systems and technologies
implemented give access to reliable, relevant and critical data,
offering better analysis of end-client satisfaction and optimisation
of service performance.

Data are a very rich resource for companies. Sopra Steria has
developed specific know-how and expertise to deal with the
exponential growth in the volume of data as a result of new
echnologies (loT, social media), secure these data regardless of
heir origin (mobile devices, smart objects, social media, the cloud,
etc.) and make the most effective use of this massive amount of
information.

The group’s systems integration offering meets the challenges of
both the obsolescence and modernisation of information systems,
ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

3.1.2. IT INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

Sopra Steria operates all or part of an IT infrastructure by providing

services such as:

p the service desk: technical and business assistance to users or
client help desks;

p supervision of systems and network infrastructures;

network

p administration and operation of and

infrastructures;

systems

p hosting infrastructures in data centres.

Infrastructure transformation is a major driver of this business.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

As a result, upstream of the operating phase, the Group takes
responsibility for developing its clients’ practices and processes
based on organisational and technological standards that are
continually optimised, offering services such as:

Infrastructure as a Service (laaS)

Sopra Steria supports its clients in their transformation by
aggregating traditional infrastructure services with cloud services,
in a comprehensive and secure laaS offering.

Cloud service broker offering

Sopra Steria facilitates the integration of cloud services (laaS, PaaS,
SaaS) in the company’s ecosystem, regardless of the sourcing
method (private or public), via three functions:

p aggregating services within a portal based on service catalogues,
Pp customising services to suit user profiles;

p integrating services in the information system and orchestration.

End-user-centric approach

Sopra Steria offers an end-user-centric approach enabling users
to access any application, anytime, anywhere, regardless of the
system used.

3.1.3 CYBERSECURITY

Supported by systems that are increasingly open and interconnected,
the digital economy is a source of ever greater and more
sophisticated threats.

Sopra Steria is a major player in the Cybersecurity sector, offering a
full range of consulting, solution integration and managed services
to meet its clients’ needs:

p Prevention: mainly consulting activities related to risk analysis,
implementing and managing a security strategy, support for
governance, regulatory or technical compliance, security audits;

p Protection: deployment of solutions to protect identity
(Identity and Access Management), data (encryption, strong
authentication, Data Leakage Protection) and transactions (Public
Key Infrastructure);

p Detection & Response: setting up a control tower for real-time
incident management (Security Incident Event Management
& Security Operations Centre), investigation in the event of a
known attack (forensics), crisis management and monitoring.

Our Cybersecurity offering draws on on a network of 700 experts
around the world (300 in France) and next-generation cybersecurity
centres in Europe and Singapore. Sopra Steria is a trustworthy,
innovative and flexible provider, protecting public authorities, vital
utilities and services, and large companies and business ecosystems
of critical importance so that they can accelerate their digital
transformation with confidence.
3.1.4. INDUSTRY-SPECIFIC SOLUTIONS

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: Banking, Human Resources and Property
Management. The Group adapts and deploys its application
solutions to offer its clients high-performance enterprise software
packages, in line with the development of their company and the
latest information technology, know-how and expertise.

Banking

Sopra Banking Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra
Steria) produces software solutions for a wide range of banking
operations, enabling financial institutions to improve their
responsiveness, agility and more generally their productivity. In
addition to its software offering, Sopra Banking Software offers
deployment, support and training services. In 2015 it had over 600
clients in 70 countries.

Solutions: Sopra Banking Software's offerings are suitable for retail
(direct or branch-based) banks, as well as for private banks. These
offerings also cover the needs of Islamic banking and microfinance
for example. Sopra Banking Suite meets general needs by offering
integrated systems, but also more specific vertical market needs
such as loan services, payment transactions, management of bank
cards and accounts, banking distribution, cash management and
regulatory compliance via a wide range of business components
which may be linked together. It should be noted that it is also
possible to implement these solutions one component at a time,
allowing a gradual step by step approach.

Services: Sopra Banking Software, a comprehensive service provider,
offers a number of services linked to its solution offering. From
consulting to analysis, planning, training of teams, implementation
and maintenance, Sopra Banking Software supports clients
throughout their project.

Sopra Banking Software operates its own solutions and also offers
an SaaS solution for direct banks.

Human Resources

Sopra Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Sopra Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10 countries,
providing comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs
of human resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently
has a workforce of 1,300 people and manages over 12 million
employees for 850 clients.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation
of companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions: The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most
innovative business practices and cover a wide range of functions,
including Core HR, Payroll, Time and Activity Management, Talent
Management, HR Space, and Analytics. The offering is based on
two product lines (Pléiades and HR Access) aimed at public and

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

private large and medium-sized organisations, regardless of their
business sector, organisational complexity or location.

Services: Sopra HR Software offers a number of services linked
to its solution offering. Sopra HR Software supports its clients
throughout their projects, from consulting to implementation,
training of teams, third-party application maintenance and business
process services.

Sopra HR Software provides its own solutions in on-premises or
outsourcing mode, and also offers a wide range of managed
services.

Property Management

Sopra Steria provides property management solutions for all
segments of the social and private property markets. Those
solutions’ coverage of different operational needs ensures optimised
management for companies in these markets according to the
type of property managed: offices, housing, shopping centres,
warehouses, etc.

A range of solutions based on three product lines, Altaix,
kos and Ulis, offers clients business functions, from project
management to facility management, based on a state-of-the-art
property management platform. From a digital standpoint, mobile
applications, extranets and collaborative platforms are integrated
in these solutions. Data are crucial for companies, and are
enhanced since they are based on business processes. The cross-
disciplinary nature of these processes leads to an improvement in
productivity thanks to the constant connection between users of
the information system. Decisions are backed up and made more
secure by integrated and customisable analyses.

Sopra Steria Property Solutions offers support solutions suited to
each client. Customisation through training and data quality are
key themes of these services. Its consultants provide know-how and
knowledge throughout the life of the information system.
Property Solutions are offered to clients as a service, leaving them
free to focus on their core business.

3.1.5. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES

Through its business process services offering, Sopra Steria
transforms and operates, for its clients, all or part of a process or
function or many functions within the company.

The group has become a leading player in optimising operational
performance, rationalising costs and improving flexibility within
organisations, as well as improving financial control and offering
solutions to outsource processes in different fields:

p finance and administration (F&A) functions;
p human resources (staff administration and payroll) functions;
p middle office activities (regulatory compliance, billing, etc.);

p front office services (command control room processes for the
police, call centres for prisons, etc.).

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

17
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

18

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

The teams comprise experts specialising in services and continuous
improvement based on the Lean Six Sigma methodology, applying
workforce organisation, process re-engineering and automation
in areas ranging from consulting to transformation, execution,
innovation and the design of new operating models. Thanks to
many years’ experience, they create new value chains, capitalising
on best practices to achieve more effective results at a lower cost
for our clients.

Sopra Steria is a leader in the business process services market
in Europe. In particular, the group operates the largest Business
Processes as a Service (BPaaS) platform in Europe for shared
services handling financial and accounting processes (NHS SBS).
Moreover, the Group was the first IT service provider to take over
the operation of part of the business and back-office processes for
a police force in Europe (Cleveland police in the United Kingdom).
Winning the SSCL“? contract at the end of 2013, with potential to
meet all of the requirements of the British government with front,
middle and back office processes, considerably strengthened this
position. A further breakthrough came in 2015 with the signing
of an agreement with the Metropolitan Police Service, the largest
police force in the United Kingdom, for Sopra Steria to create a
BPaaS platform for the police. This platform is intended to serve
several police forces in a similar way to Sopra Steria’s multi-client
health platform (NHS SBS).

3.2. Business expertise
at the heart of our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen the major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence. The group has a comprehensive offering in
each of these fields, meeting the specific challenges of each of its
clients.

3.2.1. BANKING

The banking sector is Sopra Steria’s principal market. This rapidly
evolving sector is undergoing major changes. In an environment
where regulatory requirements are constantly changing, the digital
revolution has led to the emergence of digital banking and increased
the expectations of clients who now have multiple banking
relationships, and whose behaviour has changed considerably due
to technological advancements, particularly in their relationships
with banks.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software
provide comprehensive solutions and turn the changes in the
banking world into opportunities for their clients, whether in risk

(1) Shared Services Connected Limited, a joint venture by Sopra Steria and the UK Cabinet Office.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

management, regulatory compliance, data protection, improving
client experience, optimising performance, differentiation or
identifying new sources of income.

3.2.2. INSURANCE AND SOCIAL WELFARE

Under pressure from both competitors and regulatory constraints,
together with the acceleration of new usage patterns and changes in
the behaviour of policyholders, it is clear that insurance companies,
mutual insurance companies and social welfare organisations must
complete the revolution that has begun in this sector. Four major
challenges must be met: control costs, improve the satisfaction of
policyholders, comply with new regulations and preserve the levers
of growth, all within a very short time to market.

In this market, Sopra Steria offers its clients operational efficiency and
a competitive advantage, through services such as: industrialisation
and aligning of business processes and information systems,
enhanced value of client experience, acceleration of paperless
processes and digital transformation, leveraging of data and
information assets and the use of smart devices for prevention, big
data for combating fraud and artificial intelligence for smart care.

Like other parts of the financial services sector, the insurance sector
is under pressure due to competition and subject to increasingly
strict regulations. As in other areas, policyholders expect to interact
with providers via various channels, and providers are attempting
to develop client-centred processes in order to optimise the
client experience. In a period characterised by low interest rates,
the challenges faced by insurance companies and social welfare
providers are: compliance with regulatory requirements, reducing
costs while optimising efficiency, providing a differentiated and
harmonious client experience, and increasing their market share by
providing products that meet clients’ needs.

Sopra Steria offers products and services that help its clients to
meet these challenges. We provide software packages that help
organisations to comply with regulatory requirements, and have
expertise in big data and data analysis that enables our clients to
better understand their own customers’ behaviour. Sopra Steria
also has experience and capabilities in optimising and transforming
legacy applications, resulting in a reduction in costs and optimised
efficiency for our clients. Our digital transformation expertise
enables us to work with our clients to develop a multi-channel
engagement with policyholders.
3.2.3. PUBLIC SECTOR

Faced with new expectations from citizens and companies, the
need to optimise expenses, and the obligation to apply regulatory
changes, the public sector has introduced a vast programme to
ransform its activities and organisation. To address these new
concerns, Sopra Steria has developed, firstly, solutions for pooling
he support functions of the state, local authorities and main
providers in the health/welfare sector, and, secondly, modernisation
offerings: re-engineering business processes, application of digital
echnology to online administrative services, and more generally
modernising industry-specific information systems. As a result,
public sector organisations can ensure that they meet their targets
and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving their information
system the agility it requires to cope with the challenges they face.

3.2.4. AEROSPACE, DEFENCE AND SECURITY

3.2.4.1.

Security is a key issue for many governments. In a tense geopolitical
context, marked by the rise of new threats to states (cybercrime,
terrorism, etc.), defence departments must improve their
effectiveness while taking into account budgetary constraints. It
has become essential to optimise the interoperability and security
of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time information.

Defence

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting government

ministries and departments, Sopra Steria combines pragmatism

and innovation, thanks to powerful technological and process

solutions:

p interoperability and security of military systems;

p administrative efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed
forces;

p efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain management);

p reliability of operational and communication information systems
(SIOC in French);

p access control for sensitive sites, identity management and
biometrics;

p control over costs and the complexity of command and control
systems compliance.

3.2.4.2. Homeland security

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges
of homeland security. The group operates in 24 countries, serving
clients with various specialities: police, gendarmerie, emergency
services, border control, census services, justice, customs and
homeland security services.

Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning:

p Management of surveys;

p road safety;

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

Pp automation of command and control solutions;

p Management of identity documents, security credentials and civil
and criminal biometrics;

p Modernisation of civil and criminal systems and management of
prisoners;

Pp intelligent, distributed computer systems;
Pp infrastructure security;
p mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.

In addition, the group has developed innovative solutions specific
to the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of
clients in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and
genetic footprint search engines etc.).

3.2.4.3. Aeronautics and space

The aeronautics and space market is a particularly fertile sector
in terms of innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding
reliability, availability, security and performance, which require
suppliers to have full command of the technologies and processes
implemented, as well as of their different clients’ core businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must
align their capacities with the pace of production and optimise
their processes and information systems while also improving
profitability. Digital continuity and the ability to manage the
product lifecycle, from design to manufacture and_ after-sales
services, are crucial. The acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a specialist
in product lifecycle management, should be understood in this
context.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into play
in such critical areas as production performance, supply chain
management and on-board systems as well as air traffic control,
always giving priority to technological innovation and business
know-how.

3.2.5. TELECOMS, MEDIA AND GAMES

The telecoms, media and games sector is at the centre of the digital
revolution, and is continually developing to stay abreast of new
digital interactions and the emergence of new technologies and
usage patterns.

Sopra Steria enables its clients
challenges:

Oo meet the following main

p transformation of the telecommunications sector: comprehensive
end-to-end digitalisation, from client systems to infrastructure,
network virtualisation, fixed-mobile convergence, acceleration of
the time to market, optimisation and digitalisation of customer
relationships;

p network management: reduction in infrastructure management
costs, introduction and operation of new technologies, reduction
in delivery lead times for processes, sharing of operating and
investment expenditures between providers;

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

19
20

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Activities of Sopra Steria Group

p diversification: telecommunications are the gateway to connected
life, and providers will develop over-the-top (OTT) services
including but not limited to the internet of things, content
management and financial services;

p core media business: use of new technologies, optimisation of
advertising revenue, digitalisation of content, improvement in
the creation and broadcasting of television programmes;

p core Games business: management of the development of
customer loyalty and churn, fraud reduction and control of cash
flows, compliance with specific regulations for different games
and distribution channels, differentiation according to customer
experience.

3.2.6. ENERGY AND UTILITIES

Faced with increasingly heavy budgetary, regulatory and fiscal
constraints, companies in the energy sector must be increasingly
creative to improve their productivity, develop new products and
services, control costs, reduce their environmental impact and
rationalise their operations. The decisions made at the COP21
climate talks in November 2015 only increase these challenges by
encouraging major principals to diversify and innovate even more,
to control energy more effectively and revamp their management
of customer relationships (companies, local authorities and private
individuals).

Other major issues must also be taken into account:

p maintenance of production and distribution infrastructures that
are becoming obsolescent;

p rapid change in customer requirements;

p end-to-end control of energy flows (from production to the end-
user via smart meters);

p the transition to new generations, particularly on the production
side.

Via technological and transformation services, infrastructure
management and business process services, Sopra Steria supports
the transformation of energy suppliers and utilities in all their main
processes: exploration, production and trading, transport and
distribution, marketing and services.

3.2.7. TRANSPORT

The transport sector is undergoing profound changes: opening-
up to competition, increase in European and urban traffic, new
methods of transport (car sharing, low-cost operators, long-
distance buses etc.), the digital revolution (Uber, BlaBlaCar, etc.)
and the renovation of old networks.

Faced with these major challenges, the transport sector must
change:

p Propose multiple or integrated offerings (bus, taxi, bike, etc.):
door-to-door;

p become customer-centred and develop loyalty;

p Propose new services (luggage, guarantees for passengers,
mobile ticketing).

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

Sopra Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields
based on three main themes:

Pp infrastructure management: asset management, development of
mobile tools for maintenance, paperless records, etc.;

p traffic management: from timetable design to transport planning,
fleet management and supervision of rail, road and air traffic;

p traveler experience: mobile ticketing, boarding and access
control, passenger information.

Sopra Steria offers innovative approaches (co-design, design
thinking, agility, digital labs, etc.) and has the expertise to support
its clients in numerous areas such as the Internet of Things, mobile
app labs, cloud computing, big data and more.

Its Cybersecurity centres offer key accounts in the European
transport sector a guarantee and total security for their information
system.

3.2.8. RETAIL, MANUFACTURING

Retailers face an unfavourable economic environment and
profound and continual changes in the patterns of consumption
of clients who increasingly use digital technology. Transformation
is essential. It involves having secure, controlled business practices
as well as a real ability to innovate to meet consumer requirements
for immediate and flexible services.

Sopra Steria guides retailers in their digital transformation, making
their information system a lever for performance:

p omnichannel: control of data architecture and information flow
to increase proximity to clients;

p flexibility: agility of the enterprise architecture and flexibility of
resources (cloud);

p speed: management of short cycles, renewal of product ranges,
management of new products;

p support: data management/use, mobile technology, international
channels;

p cost control: operational efficiency of logistics and warehouses,
standardisation of information systems, optimisation of
management processes.

3.3. Arobust, ambitious mass
processing strategy

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing
and becoming globalised. The group has an increasingly wide
range of skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong
gains in productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an
optimal cost structure.
Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported
by five levers:

p production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

p choice of personnel: human resources are central to the
approach, providing training, support and improved skills for
each employee;

p organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

p equipment: the Quality System, the eMedia method, the
Continuous Delivery Kit (CDK) and associated software tools;

p global delivery model: rationalisation of production by pooling
resources and know-how within service centres, location of
services according the requirements of each client (local services

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

in France, nearshore in Spain, North Africa and Poland, and
offshore in India).

3.4. Research and Development
of Solutions

The group increased its R&D initiatives, investing €105.4 million
in 2015 to develop and expand its industry-specific solutions. All
of these totals are gross amounts and do not take into account
funding related to the French R&D tax credit.

These R&D expenses, which relate mainly to the direct cost of
staff dedicated to developing certain solution offers and software
packages created by Sopra Steria, have been recognised in full as
operating expenses.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

21
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

22

Digital services sector: current situation and challenges

Digital services sector: current situation
and challenges

4.1. Main markets —- Competitive environment of digital services firms

In 2015 the digital services market in western Europe was worth an estimated €180.5bn “” (excluding computer hardware/software
packages/maintenance services).

! DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country ‘inition ofeuros) 2015 estimates

France 21.8
United Kingdom 63.0
Germany 28.5
Rest of Europe 67.1
TOTAL 180.5

Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2015. Exchange rate used for conversion into euros: USD/EUR 0.73 (2015 average rate).

! DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of euros) 2015 estimates

Consulting 31.9
Development and systems integration 53.1
Outsourced IT services 68.2
Business process outsourcing 27.4
TOTAL 180.5

Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2015. Exchange rate used for conversion into euros: USD/EUR 0.73 (2015 average rate).

According to Gartner, in 2015 growth in IT spending (excluding p the sector that consumes the most IT services in western Europe
hardware and software packages) in Europe amounted to 2.9%; is the financial services sector, comprising banks and insurance
this can be broken down by geography as follows: companies, which account for 25.3% of the total market.
p France: +1.5%; In spite of the recent consolidations, the IT services market remains
p United Kingdom: +6.1%; highly fragmented in Europe. The main competitors of Sopra Steria
5 are divided into four categories:
p Germany: +2.7%,; ; :
orway: -4.6%: p large-scale North American players, present on all continents:
P Ye, BM, HP EDS, CSC, Accenture, CGI, etc.;
p taly: +0.7%; . .
; p large European players offering a full range of services
p Spain: -0.8%. (consultancy, development, outsourcing, BPS) and a globalised
The European market has three main characteristics: production model: Capgemini, Atos, etc.;
p three countries alone (the United Kingdom, Germany and France) p Indian players showing strong ambitions in continental Europe
account for 63% of IT services spending in Europe ‘”; hanks to a favourable production cost structure: TCS, Cognizant,
p Outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and Wipro, Infosys, etc.;
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing p local players positioned in niche segments with high added value
together account for over 53% of the IT services spending of or general purpose services.
European companies \; With €3.6bn in revenue in 2015 and a market share of 2%, Sopra

Steria is one of the 10 largest digital services firms in Europe
(excluding captive service providers and purely local players).

(1) Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2015.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria
INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES
Simplified group structure at 31 December 2015

Simplified group structure at 31 December 2015

sopra S steriq |-----------------------------------555- :

Sopra Banking Sopra Steria
Software frastructure wi
(France) Service(France)

Sopra HR Softwar Sopra Banking Sopra Steria Polska
Spain. (United Kingdo (Poland)
Sopra HR Softwan soeera Banking Beamap
(Germany) vortwvare Se'gram (France)
(Belgium)

Sopra Banking
Sopa Softwan Software Netherland
elgium) (The Netherlands)

Sopra Steria
Holdings
(United Kingdo:

Sopra HR Software
(France)

Axway Software

Sopra Steria
Services
(United Kingdo

Le}

(Spain)

Sopra Steria Sopra Steria

Benelux

(United Kingdot (Belgium)
Sopra Steria
Recruitment

(United Kingdo:

Sopra Steria PSF
Luxembourg
(Luxembourg)

Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software fi Luxembor

(Luxembourg) (Luxembourg) (Italy)

g
5
n
Z

Shared Services
Connected SSCL;
(United Kingdo1

Sopra HR Softwar
(Italy)

Sopra Steria
(Switzerland)

Steria UK

Corporate
(United Kingdos

Steria India
(India)

g
3
g
z

Sopra HR Softwar

(Morocco) (Germany)

Sopra Software CMPA PLM Espa
Sopra HR Softwar
4 Cameroun (Spain)
(Cnited Kingdo (Cameroon) oe

J Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software Gabon

(Tunisia) (Gabon)

ISS Software
(Germany)

Sopra Steria Asia
(Singapore)

Sopra Steria
(Austria)

Steria Wenhao
Technologies*
(China)

Sopra HR Software
(Morocco)

Sopra Group

Cte d Ivoi (Germany)

(vory Coast

(Switzerland)

Delta development Sopra Steria

(Norway)

Sopra Steria

(Singapore) (Denmark)

Sopra Steria
(Sweden)

Note : Companies are directly or indirectly more than 95% owned, unless otherwise specified.
* Company whose corporate name changed after 31/12/2015:

Sopra Group Informatica is now Sopra Steria Espa a

Sopra Group Euskadi is now Sopra Steria Euskadi

Steria Wenhao Technologies is now Sopra Steria Wenhao Technologies

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria | 23
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

24

Group organisation

a Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance consists of a Board of Directors,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive
Officers.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and
functional structure as well as temporary structures for the
management of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT has an active role in conducting Group operations
through:

p its presence on the Board of Directors and the three Board
committees;

p 4 tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra Steria
and Axway, concerning services relating to strategic decision-
making, coordination of general policy between Sopra Steria
and Axway, and the development of synergies between these
two companies, as well as consulting and assistance services
particularly with respect to finance and control.

6.1. Permanent structure

The Group’s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

6.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Deputy CEOs.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive Management
and the heads of the main operating and functional entities.

The members of the Sopra Steria Group Executive Committee
supervise the group’s organisation, management system, major
contracts and support functions and entities and take part in the
group’s strategic planning and implementation.

6.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to

one of the following:

p a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
industry-specific solutions, infrastructure management,
cybersecurity, business process services);

p a geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,

comprising in particular the Director and management of tier 3

entities.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

6.1.3. TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria:

p vertical market;

p geographic area (region).

6.1.4. TIER 4: BRANCHES

Each division is made up of branches, which are the organisation's
primary building blocks. They operate as profit centres and enjoy
genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for their human
resources, budget and profit and loss account. Management
meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy and human
resources are held weekly, and the operating accounts and budget
are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group Executive
Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Branches

6.1.5. OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational
support entities responsible for managing major transformations:

p the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department, responsible for
promoting the Key Accounts policy and developing relations
with partners. The role of this department is to coordinate the
commercial and production approaches for our major clients
when different branches are involved;

p the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the digital transformation of the Group. It also
manages the Group's innovation approach;
p the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on offshore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed.

6.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES
The functional departments are:

Pp the Human Resources Department, the Legal Department, the
Communications and Marketing Department and the Corporate
Social Responsibility and Sustainable Development Department;

Pp the Finance and Administration Department, the Real Estate and
Purchasing Department and the Information Systems Department.

These centralised functions ensure group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
group’s core values, serve the operational entities and report
directly to Executive Management.

The group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
hey contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

6.2. Temporary structures for
specific deals and projects
The group's organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt

to changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of
projects.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Review of the group’s position and results

These are handled by temporary teams:
Pp within the branches;

p under the authority of a pilot unit, established to leverage
synergies across several branches.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet
fundamental objectives: client service, business success, and
contribution to the overall growth of the group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise, geographic
area covered) large-scale projects can be managed at the branch,
division, subsidiary/country or Executive Management level. Certain
large projects requiring the resources of several branches may
involve the creation of a division.

6.3. Integration governance

The change management plan was established by teams from
both Sopra and Steria. It resulted in a vast integration programme
defined for each population and operational and functional entity.

Integration governance concerns all issues relating to the finalisation
of the Sopra Steria integration, and in particular:

p Management of alerts and implementation of quick wins;
Pp continuous improvement of information systems;

p projects relating to premises;

p employee relations;

p internal communications.

Review of the group’s position and results

7.1. General context and key
events in 2015

Financial year 2015 was marked by the operational integration of
Sopra and Steria, following their merger on 31 December 2014.

One year on, the results are very positive and the integration can
be considered a success in organisational and governance terms, as
well as from an operational point of view.

The new Group’s performance in 2015 was satisfactory even as
management teams dealt with the challenges of a demanding
integration process. Growth was strong, with a like-for-like increase

in revenue of 2.0%. Moreover, the targets set at the start of 2015
ended up being exceeded:

p Operating profit on business activity was €245.5 million, a
margin of 6.8%, outperforming a target that had already been
revised upward to “about 6.5%” on 6 August 2015;

p Net profit attributable to the group was €84.4 million, equivalent
to 2.4% of revenue, compared with an initial target of “around
2%";

Pp free cash flow amounted to a positive €49.3 million, exceeding
the target of around “zero” for the financial year.

Lastly, financial year 2015 was marked by the acquisition of CIMPA

which was included in the consolidation scope from 1 October 2015.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

25
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

26

Review of the group’s position and results

7.2. Consolidated financial statements for financial year 2015

7.2.1... CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
2014 2014
2015 Pro forma IFRS
Amount Amount Amount
(in millions. (in millions (in millions
of euros) % of euros) % of euros) %
Revenue 3,584.4 | 100.0% 3,370.0 | 100.0% 2,280.3 100.0%
Staff costs -2,185.6 -61.0% -2,076.0 -61.6% -1,437.6 -63.0%
Operating expenses -1,094.9 -30.5% -1,009.9 -30.0% -622.7 -27.3%
Depreciation, amortisation and provisions -58.4 -1.6% -52.9 -1.6% -27.0 -1.2%
Operating profit on business activity 245.5 6.8% 231.2 6.9% 193.0 8.5%
Expenses related to stock options and free share award plans -1.2 0.0% -2.3 -0.1% -2.0 -0.1%
Amortisation of allocated intangible assets -19.4 -0.5% -18.0 -0.5% -10.6 -0.5%
Profit from recurring operations 225.0 6.3% 210.9 6.3% 180.3 7.9%
Other operating income and expenses -72.4 -2.0% -54.1 -1.6% -32.1 -1.4%
Operating profit 152.6 4.3% 156.8 4.7% 148.2 6.5%
Cost of net financial debt -8. -0.2% -9.8 -0.3% -7.4 -0.3%
Other financial income and expenses -14.9 -0.4% -20.1 -0.6% -10.7 -0.5%
Tax expense -47.2 -1.3% -31.3 -0.9% -34.5 -1.5%
Share of net profit from equity-accounted companies 7.2 0.2% 6.0 0.2% 5.9 0.3%
Net profit before earnings
from discontinued operations 89.6 2.5% 101.6 3.0% 101.5 4.5%
Profit after tax from discontinued operations - - -
Net profit 89.6 2.5% 101.6 3.0% 101.5 4.5%
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP 84.4 2.4% 92.8 2.8% 98.2 4.3%
Minority interests 5.2 0.1% 8.8 0.3% 3.3 0.1%

Sopra Steria posted strong growth in 2015. This performance
was achieved as management teams also met the challenges of a
demanding integration process.

The Group's revenue for 2015 was €3,584.4 million, up 6.4%
from the pro forma 2014 financial year. Growth at constant scope
and exchange rates was 2.0%.

Staff costs represented 61.0% of revenue in 2015, compared with
61.6% pro forma in 2014.

The rate of consultant downtime (number of days between two
contracts excluding training, sickness, leave and pre-sales over the
total number of working days) was 4.1% over twelve months in
2015. The pro forma 2014 downtime rate was 4.4%.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

Over the course of 2015, the Group recruited 7,197 people,
including 2,560 in France. At 31 December 2015, the Group’s
total workforce comprised 38,450 people (37,358 people at
31 December 2014), with 16.9% assigned to X-shore zones (India,
Poland, Spain, North Africa).

Other overhead costs represented 30.5% of revenue in 2015,
compared with 30.0% pro forma in 2014.

Depreciation, amortisation and provisions amounted to 1.6%
of revenue in 2015, the same level as the previous year. A more
detailed comparison with performance in 2014 cannot be provided
in view of the Sopra Steria merger which took place in the second
half of 2014.

The operating profit on business activity represented 6.8%
of revenue, i.e. €245.5 million, compared with 6.9% pro forma in
2014.
INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES
Review of the group’s position and results

! SOPRA STERIA: PERFORMANCE BY REPORTING UNIT — FY 2015

2014
Pro forma*

€m % €m %
France
Revenue 1,364.3 1,313.7
Operating profit on business activity 102.0 7.5% 79.5 6.1%
Profit from recurring operations 100.8 7A 77.6 5.9%
Operating profit 52.3 3.8% 40.9 3.1%
of which C&SI (including CIMP A in 2015)
Organic growth +3.5%
Revenue 1,161.1 1,093.3
Operating profit on business activity 101.3 8.7% 82.0 7.5%
Profit from recurring operations 100.1 8.6% 80.1 7.3%
Operating profit 60.7 5.2% 50.6 4.6%
of which I2S
Organic growth -7.8%
Revenue 203.2 220.4
Operating profit on business activity 0.7 0.3% -2.5 -1.1%
Profit from recurring operations 0.7 0.3% -2.5 -1.1%
Operating profit -8.4 -4.1% -9.7 -4.4%
United Kingdom
Revenue 1,042.0 944.0
Operating profit on business activity 76.2 7.3% 89.3 9.5%
Profit from recurring operations 63.3 6.1% 77.8 8.2%
Operating profi 57.1 5.5% 76.3 8.1%
Other Europe
Revenue 697.4 667.0
Operating profit on business activity 18.5 2.7% 6.8 1.0%
Profit from recurring operations 17.4 2.5% 5.2 0.8%
Operating profi 5.3 0.8% -7.1 -1.1%
Sopra Banking Software
Revenue 282.4 270.7
Operating profit on business activity 25.7 9.1% 33.7 12.4%
Profit from recurring operations 20.3 7.2% 28.2 10.4%
Operating profi 20. 7.1% 27.1 10.0%
Other Solutions
Revenue 198.3 174.7
Operating profit on business activity 23. 11.6% 22.0 12.6%
Profit from recurring operations 23. 11.6% 22.0 12.6%
Operating profi 17.7 8.9% 19.4 11.1%
* Base of comparison adjusted pro forma for the Sopra Steria merger.
The Group’s revenue in France was €1,364.3 million. in strategic key accounts and of more than 10% in Consulting

operations, which employ more than 1,000 people in France.
The highest-performing vertical markets were Banking, Public
Sector and Aeronautics/Defence. Year-on-year growth and the
successful integration process enabled a distinct improvement

p Consulting & Systems Integration posted revenue of
€1,161.1 million for 2015, representing organic growth of
3.5%. This robust performance with respect to the French
market was driven in particular by the growth (of about 7%)

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria 27
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

28

Review of the group’s position and results

in profitability, with an operating margin on business activity of
8.7% (up 120 basis points year-on-year pro forma).

12S (Infrastructure & Security Services) saw the start of a
recovery in its IT Infrastructure Management operations in 2015.
The recovery will be gradual, driven by a more selective approach
to new contracts, higher-value offerings and a closer connection
with Consulting & Systems Integration. In the meantime, its
revenue for 2015 (€183.3 million) was down 10.3%. The
initiatives taken provided a slight improvement in its operating
profit on business activity, which was close to break-even for
2015. Cybersecurity posted revenue of €17.2 million in 2015,
achieving growth of more than 25% with a flurry of high-impact
deals and the expanded quality reputation of its SOC (Security
Operations Centre), which was rolled out in the United Kingdom
and Singapore.

ae}

Revenue in the United Kingdom for 2015 was stable overall
at constant scope and exchange rates (down 0.7%), coming to
€1,042.0 million. In the Public Sector, where the Group enjoys
a strong position, particularly via its shared service platforms,
he trend remained buoyant and the two joint ventures with
he UK government (NHS SBS and SSCL) posted growth in their
operations. Sales opportunities remain promising for the upcoming
years, both in terms of more back-office outsourcing and wi
he development of big data service add-ons to analyse the da
lowing through those platforms. Conversely, 2015 was a toug
year for the private sector, where revenue declined. Reorganisatio
initiatives were launched to lay the foundation for a recovery.
erms of profitability, the region posted an operating margin on
business activity of 7.3% in 2015. As a reminder, the pro forma
margin of 9.5% achieved in 2014 included significant one-off
impacts from contract renegotiations.

5 3D DoD

Revenue for the Other Europe region was €697.4 million for
he year, representing organic growth of 6.3%. The situation in
Germany improved after a very challenging 2014. The employee
urnover rate stabilised, the organisation was revamped, sales
performance was kick-started and initiatives were undertaken to
strengthen production. Revenue for Germany in 2015 was up and
he operating margin on business activity was close to break-even,
compared with an operating loss of €13.5 million in 2014. Spain,
taly and Scandinavia recorded robust organic growth in 2015. In
Belgium, where 2015 performance was impacted by the end of
he Schengen project, business activity rebounded at the end of
he year.

Sopra Banking Software achieved a strong sales performance in
2015, enabling it to grow its revenue (€282.4 million, an organic
increase of 2.5%) despite the particularly high base of comparison
provided by the fourth quarter of 2014. There was high demand
in Europe, and especially in France, for the Platform product line,
which passed some important milestones during the year (first
delivery to La Banque Postale, major go-live at BNPP, large-scale
migration at Crelan, etc.). This was also a very good year for sales

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

of the Amplitude product line: 28 signings with new accounts and
26 go-lives in the Africa and Middle East region. This momentum
illustrates the major role that these products should play in the
future in overhauling banks’ IT systems. With that in mind, the
Group stepped up its Research & Development efforts in 2015. The
operating margin on business activity was 9.1% in 2015 (12.4%
in 2014).

Revenue for Other Solutions, which includes Sopra HR Software
and property management solutions, was €198.3 million in 2015,
representing organic growth of 3.2%. The operating margin on
business activity for the year was 11.6%, versus 12.6% for the
previous year, which included a one-off boost from exceptional
licence sales.

The profit from recurring operations amounted to €225.0
million after deducting expenses related to stock options and free
shares, as well as the amortisation of allocated intangible assets.

p The expenses relating to existing free share plans and stock
option plans were not material, amounting to €1.1 million. The
costs posted in 2014 included expenses relating to free shares
issued by Sopra in June 2012 in a total amount of €1.6 million.

p Amortisation expenses on intangible assets amounted to
€19.4 million in 2015.

The operating profit was €152.6 million, i.e. 4.3% of revenue after
deducting €72.4 million in other operating income and expenses.
These included €67.2 million in reorganisation and optimisation
expenses, €46.3 million of which was for the Sopra Steria
integration process.

The cost of net financial debt amounted to €8.1 million in 2015,
compared with €7.4 million in 2014 and €9.8 million pro forma
in 2014. The fall in interest expenses of €2.0 million in spite of the
increase in net financial debt was the result of the introduction of
a commercial paper programme.

Other financial income and expenses mainly concerned three types
of operations:

p discounting gains and losses (retirement benefits, employee
profit-sharing, earnout obligations);

p the change in the value of interest rate hedging instruments;
p foreign exchange losses.

Other financial income and expenses amounted to a net expense of
€14.9 million in 2015 compared with a net expense of €20.1 million
pro forma in 2014.

The fall in financial expenses of €5.2 million was mainly due to:

p 2014 securitisation costs, i.e. €1.3 million;

p repayment of the Steria syndicated loan, i.e. €2.4 million; and

p a reduction in pension-related financial expenses of €1.0 million.

The tax expense amounted to €47.2 million in 2015 (1.3% of
revenue), compared with €34.4 million in 2014 (1.5% of revenue)
and €31.3 million pro forma in 2014.
Profit for 2015 includes the following:

p €6.9 million in respect of the share of Axway’s profit for the
period (24.93% of €27.9 million);

p €0.3 million in respect of the share of Diamis’ profit for the
period.

The net_profit_ before earnings from discontinued operations

amounted to €89.6 million, or 2.5% of revenue, compared with
€101.6 million, or 3.0% of pro forma revenue, in 2014.

There was no change in the profit after tax from discontinued
operations either in 2015 or 2014.

The net profit attributable to the Group amounted to €84.4 million,
or 2.4% of revenue, compared with €92.8 million, or 2.8% of pro
orma revenue, in 2014.

Basic net earnings per share were €4.27, based on a weighted
average of 19.76 million shares in issue during the financial year.
The figure of €6.81 for basic earnings per share in 2014 was based
on a weighted average of 14.42 million shares. Diluted earnings
per share amounted to €4.26, compared with €6.77 in 2014.

7.2.2. BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE

Non-current assets increased from €2,184.4 million to €2,302.1 million
at 31 December 2015. This item mainly comprises:

Pp goodwill of €1,586.9 million compared with €1,475.2 million
in 2014;

p intangible assets of €214.0 million compared with €219.5 million
in 2014;

p property, plant and equipment of €118.5 million compared with
€109.9 million in 2014;

p equity-accounted investments (Axway Software) amounting to
€154.4 million compared with €146.8 million in 2014;

p deferred tax assets of €142.7 million compared with €154.7 million
in 2014.

Trade accounts receivable amounted to €1,099.8 million, compared
with €931.7 million in 2014.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €222.7 million compared
with €222.4 million in 2014.

Consolidated equity totalled €1,233.1 million at 31 December 2015
(including €38.7 million attributable to non-controlling interests)
compared with €1,086.8 million (including €29.7 million
attributable to non-controlling interests) in 2014. The statement
of changes in consolidated equity included in Chapter 4 of this
Registration Document provides a detailed presentation of the
principal movements.

Borrowings and financial debt totalled €753.7 million compared
with €664.8 million in 2014, including €437.8 million in long-term
bank borrowings (including €13.2 million in lease agreements)
and €315.7 million in short-term borrowings (mainly commercial
paper).

Net financial debt at the end of 2015 totalled €530.8 million
compared with €442.4 million in 2014.

A breakdown of the change in net debt can be found in Note 22
to the consolidated financial statements, in Chapter 4 of this
Registration Document.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Review of the group’s position and results

Other current liabilities, which totalled €1,030.9 million compared

with €901.5 million in 2014, mainly comprises:

p employee-related liabilities (personnel and social security) of
€424.5 million;

p tax liabilities of €220.4 million, essentially corresponding to
value-added tax included in client receivables;

Pp the corporate income tax liability of €115.9 million;

p deferred income of €249.3 million (invoices issued but not yet
recognised as revenue).

At 31 December 2015, the financial position remained strong with

equity of €1,233.1 million and net debt of €530.8 million.

Including outlays of €55.8 million for reorganisation and

reoptimisation processes, the net free cash flow was €49.3 million.

The Group’s net financial debt was €530.8 million (€442.4 million

at 31/12/2014), equal to 1.76x EBITDA (the financial covenant

stipulates a maximum of 3x).

On the basis of the financial facilities renegotiated at 31 July 2014,
the Group has €1.6 billion in financing, of which €1.1 billion was
available at 31 December 2015.

7.3. Investments during the year

7.3.1. ACQUISITION OF CIMPA

On 29 July 2015, Airbus and Sopra Steria Group announced that
hey had signed an agreement on Sopra Steria’s acquisition of
CIMPA, an Airbus subsidiary specialising in PLM (product lifecycle
management) services.

n 2014, CIMPA’s revenue was about €100 million and it had 950
employees in Europe.

This acquisition will allow Sopra Steria to boost its position among
major players in the world of aeronautics, in addition to those in
industry, transport and energy, by capitalising on CIMPA‘s areas of
expertise. This strategic move also strengthens the Group's capacity
0 delve deeper into its clients’ line of work and to assist them in
heir digital transformation.

CIMPA‘s activities were included in Sopra Steria Group's
consolidation scope on 1 October 2015.

7.3.2. FACILITIES

A total of €39.8 million was invested in 2015 in infrastructure and
technical facilities, as against €28.6 million in 2014.

Investments in facilities comprised the following:
Pp land and buildings: €4.1 million;

p fixtures and fittings: €16.7 million;

p !T equipment: €19.1 million.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

29
MEE INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
2015 Sopra Steria Group SA individual financial statements

2015 Sopra Steria Group SA
individual financial statements

After the merger with Steria SA and Groupe Steria SA, Sopra
Steria Group SA comprises all of the group’s French consulting,
systems integration and property solutions development activities,
as well as all of its central services (Executive Management,
operational support functions and functional structures). It owns
systems integration and solutions subsidiaries in Europe, software
development subsidiaries for banking (Sopra Banking Software)
and human resources management (Sopra HR Software), the
infrastructure subsidiary Sopra Steria Infrastructure & Security
Services, and a 24.94% stake in the global software company
Axway Software, the market leader for data flow governance.

The accounts are presented in detail in Chapter 5 of this
Registration Document.

8.1. Income statement

At 1 January 2015, Infrastructure and Security operations (revenue
of €220.4 million in 2014) were housed in the Sopra Steria
Infrastructure & Security Services subsidiary, Pleiades (revenue
of €36 million in 2014) was housed in the Sopra HR Software
subsidiary, and Advanced Payments (revenue of €12.5 million
in 2014) was housed in Sopra Banking Software. In 2014 these
operations were all housed in Sopra Steria Group SA.

8.2. Balance sheet

Revenue amounted to €1,289.1 million in 2015, as against
€1,447.5 million in 2014.

There was an operating profit of €70.2 million in 2015 compared
with a loss of €38.7 million in 2014.

There was a net financial loss of €6.3 million in 2015, compared
with €36.4 million in 2014.

The pre-tax profit on ordinary activities was €63.9 million in 2015,
compared with a loss of €75.2 million in 2014.

Exceptional income and expenses showed a loss of €33.3 million in
2015 compared with a loss of €60.3 million in 2014.

The expense on employee profit-sharing and incentives went from
€1.9 million in 2014 to €5.6 million in 2015, while the corporate
income tax expense went from €18.7 million in 2014 to €8.3
million in 2015.

The company’s bottom line went from a net loss of €118.7 million
in 2014 to a net profit of €33.4 million in 2015.

Research and development on Solutions represented an investment
of €14.1 million, mainly in the area of property management.
These costs are entirely recognised as expenses in the financial
statements.

n accordance with Article 39-4 of the French General Tax Code,

he accounts for the financial year ended include an expense of
€471,497 in respect of non-tax-deductible expenditures.

Equity went from €749.9 million at the end of 2014 to €746.2 million at the end of 2015.

Pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 441-6-1 and D. 441-4 of the French Commercial Code, trade accounts payable had the following

breakdown:

Amount Amount

Total amount Amount fewer than 60 more than 60

(in thousands of euros) outstanding not yet due days past due days past due
At 31 December 2014 87,911 86,769 897 245
At 31 December 2015 91,259 89,378 400 1,481

Sopra Steria observes the payment terms required by law in France
for trade accounts payable: a maximum of 60 days from the issue
date of the invoice.

Fixed assets amounted to €1,902.5 million in 2015 compared
with €1,735.3 million in 2014. They include financial investments

8.3. Identity of shareholders

of €1,278.2 million in 2015 compared with €1,106.4 million in
2014, intangible assets of €576.6 million in 2015 compared with
€582.7 milllion in 2014 and property, plant and equipment of
€47.7 million in 2015 compared with €46.2 million in 2014.

Sopra Steria Group’s share ownership structure is described in Chapter 6, Section 2 (“Current ownership”) of this Registration Document.

30 Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria
INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Strategy and objectives: recent trends and outlook for 2016

fy Strategy and objectives: recent trends

and outlook for 2016

9.1. Strong and original
positioning in Europe

Sopra Steria aims to become a leader for digital services in Europe,
with a comprehensive, high value-added offering, enabling its clients
to make the best use of digital technology to innovate, transform
their operations and optimise their performance. The Group's
objective is to be the preferred partner of public organisations and
private companies in Europe within target business sectors.

Sopra Steria will differentiate itself more clearly from its competitors
by continuing to build an edge in its two key areas of specialisation:

Pp industry-specific solutions which, when combined with the
group’s full range of services, make its offering unique;

p very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers.

9.2. Priorities for action

9.2.1. ACCELERATION OF SOLUTIONS DEVELOPMENT

Sopra Steria has set itself the medium-term target of bringing
the share of its solution development and integration activities
to 20% of its revenue. Combining organic and external growth,
efforts will focus on the enrichment of the Group's offering, the
strengthening of managed services and the geographic expansion
of these operations. The development of Sopra Banking Software
and Sopra HR Software are priorities. However, the Group will
also continue to grow in the real estate sector and look for new
segment-specific opportunities, for example in insurance, where it
already has some assets.

9.2.2. ENHANCED VERTICAL STRATEGY

Highly focused business development

To support the positioning that it has chosen, the Group will
continue and extend its policy of concentrating on certain targeted
vertical markets and key accounts. Business development will be
focused on eight priority vertical markets, together accounting for
almost 90% of revenue: Banking; Public Sector; Aerospace, Defence
and Security; Energy and Utilities; Telecoms and Media, Transport,
Insurance and Retail.

For each vertical, the Group has selected several different areas of
business in which it hopes to secure a leading position through
high value-added offerings.

Advances in consulting

In order to position itself even more securely with client decision-
makers at the department level, the Group is working to accelerate
its developments in consulting so as to produce a new combined
service model for consulting and application services that can be
rolled out progressively to all operating regions.

9.2.3. ACCELERATION OF DIGITAL INITIATIVES

Sopra Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.
Its aim is to accelerate initiatives in this field and drive its own
transformation.

In particular, the Group has decided to set up a Digital Transformation
Office, a team responsible for leading internal development and
facilitating the emergence of digital initiatives. Managers have been
appointed in each of the eight priority vertical markets to link digital
initiatives to clients’ business requirements for key technologies
(social media, mobile technology, analytics, cloud computing,
security, artificial intelligence, the internet of things, etc.).

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem (startups, institutions
of higher education and associated research laboratories, major
software publishers, etc.). For example, a strategic partnership has
been forged between Sopra Steria and Axway, which publishes a
Digital Enablement platform.

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and
enhance innovation, such as innovation imperatives assigned to
project teams, internal innovation competitions, hackathons open
to clients and partners, and platforms for digital demonstrations,
co-innovation and technology (DigiLabs, DigiFabs) open to clients
and partners in every major location.

9.2.4. CONSOLIDATING MARKET POSITIONS
IN THE UNITED KINGDOM

Business in the United Kingdom represents almost 30% of the
Group’s revenue.

These operations take place mainly in the public sector, via business
process outsourcing and IT service contracts. The Group will
continue to develop its strong and well-recognised position on the
market, particularly by helping public authorities with their digital
transformation.

The Group also aims to boost its development in the United Kingdom
private sector. Priority will be given to the banking industry

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

31
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

32

Strategy and objectives: recent trends and outlook for 2016

through comprehensive offerings combining Sopra Banking
Software solutions with application, infrastructure and BPO service
capabilities developed locally. The Group will also remain active
across the other vertical markets, in synergy with other countries.

9.2.5 AN ACTIVE EXTERNAL GROWTH POLICY

The Group will continue to play an active part in market
consolidation. Its approach in this area will focus in particular on
the solutions segment and the banking vertical.

9.3. Recent developments
9.3.1. PLANNED BUSINESS COMBINATION
WITH CASSIOPAE

Sopra Steria plans to acquire, through its subsidiary Sopra Banking
Software, about 75% of KSEOP, Cassiopae’s holding company. The
founder and his family, and certain managers including the current
Chairman, Emmanuel Gillet, will retain about 25% of the share
capital. A subsequent acquisition of that 25% is envisioned for
2020 at the latest.

Initially a vendor of real estate leasing software, founded by
Guy Gillet in 1987, Cassiopae is currently France’s 16th largest
independent software developer (according to the 2015 ‘Truffle 100’
ranking), offering one of the most comprehensive and innovative
solutions for specialised finance and real estate management. With
operations in 40 countries, Cassiopae posted revenue of €50.2
million in 2014 and serves more than 300 clients.

Banking is one of Sopra Steria’s largest markets and a strategic
growth priority. Its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software is aiming to
double its 2014 revenue of €271 million over the next five years.

With that in mind, this proposed acquisition would be an important
step forward and would consolidate Sopra Steria’s leadership
position in the banking and financial sector. It would also give
Sopra Banking Software a full range of business-specific solutions
to meet the challenges of the financial industry's transformation
in such areas as distribution, account-keeping, lending, payments
and compliance, while addressing specialised finance requirements
— real estate and equipment leasing, consumer credit, car loans,
factoring and guarantees, etc. The acquisition would also open up
new markets and enable synergies in sales and costs.

9.3.2. INTRODUCTION OF AN EMPLOYEE SHARE

OWNERSHIP PLAN

In a press release dated 22 March 2016, Sopra Steria Group
announced the launch of an offer to sell shares reserved for
employees belonging to an employee savings plan (the “Offer”).

The Offer is proposed to employees of the group in Belgium,
Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands,
Norway, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland who
are eligible and belong to Group savings plans, and via a share
incentive plan (SIP) in the United Kingdom and India.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

Sopra Steria’s goal with this initiative is to involve its employees
more closely in the Group's development and performance.

The offer of Sopra Steria shares to Group employees will be carried
out via the transfer of existing treasury shares, bought back in
advance by Sopra Steria under a share buyback programme
authorised by the shareholders at the General Meeting on
25 June 2015 in accordance with Article L. 225-209 of the
French Commercial Code. It will be executed in accordance with
Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code.

On 21 January 2016, the Board of Directors decided to implement
his Offer and delegated the powers required to implement it
o the Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with the decision
of the Board of Directors, the Offer will involve a maximum of
200,000 shares in the Company, corresponding to 100,000 shares
purchased by employees and 100,000 free shares awarded as
he employer's matching contribution. A maximum of 8,500 free
shares may also be awarded under the SIP.

On the authority of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer set the dates of the Offer period and the purchase price on
6 April 2016.
The purchase price was set at €101.62, equal to 100% of the
benchmark price, corresponding to the average of the opening
prices for Sopra Steria shares on the Euronext Paris market over
he 20 trading days preceding the date of the decision by the Chief
Executive Officer.

The Offer Period was set from 7 April 2016 to 19 April 2016,
inclusive.

Settlement of the Offer will take place on 18 May 2016.

This operation was approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers
on 4 March 2016 (Approval No. FCE20160027).

9.3.3. CHANGE IN FINANCIAL POSITION

Since the end of the last financial year, there has not been any
significant change in the group’s financial or trading position for
which audited financial statements or interim financial statements
have been published.

9.4. Outlook for 2016
and ambitions for 2017

The Group's targets for the full 2016 financial year are:

p organic revenue growth of more than 2% despite low growth in
the first quarter;

p an operating margin on business activity of more than 7.5%;
p a strong increase in free cash flow.

The targets for 2017 remain unchanged:

p revenue of between €3.8 billion and €4 billion;

p an operating margin on business activity of between 8% and 9%.
Risk factors

Investors are reminded that the list of risks presented below is not
exhaustive and that other risks may exist, that were not known or
not considered liable to have an adverse effect on the group, its
business, financial condition, results or share price, on the date
when this Registration Document was drawn up.

This document contains estimates subject to risks and uncertainties
that may affect the group’s future growth and profitability. Readers
are reminded that licence agreements, which often represent
investments for clients, are generally signed in greater numbers in
the second half of the year, with varying impacts on end-of-year
performance.

Irrespective of the strategic risk associated with the group's
competitive positioning or potential loss of business model
relevance, Executive Management has decided that, on an
Operational level, the main risks are those associated with human
resources, project execution and production, and business relations
with key clients. As such, these risks are the subject of ongoing
action plans. In addition, due to the merger of Sopra and Steria,
risks relating to integration are monitored particularly closely.

10.1.Main operational risk factors

10.1.1. HUMAN RESOURCE RISKS

In a services business where certain skills can be rare and clients
have changing requirements, human resources risks are naturally
critical. Effective hiring, skills and career management, continuity
in key roles, and the sharing of the Group’s culture and values are
core issues that require constant attention.

One area of central importance in human resource management is
the optimisation of — and thus close familiarity with — the Group's
existing resources (skills, aptitudes, potential), especially as its
operating entities grow in size.

The main human resources risks also arise in relation to
recruitment, employee engagement, skills and skill matching to
client requirements, forward management of resources, retention
and replacement of key employees, turnover and compliance with
labour law and employment legislation, as well as the management
of labour relations in a complex environment.

Senior and line managers, the Human Resources Department
and the Division HR Managers have an essential role to play in
managing these risks.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Risk factors

An overview of human resources policy is given in Chapter 3
(Corporate Social Responsibility Report), Section 2 (Workforce-
related responsibility).

10.1.2. PROJECT EXECUTION AND PRODUCTION RISKS

Production risk refers mainly to the Group’s need to deliver on its
commitments to clients in terms of quality, timescales and costs: to
deliver products and services in line with specifications and within
the stipulated deadlines and allocated budgets, particularly in the
context of major client programmes. It is critical for the Group to be
able to meet client demands and deliver consistent quality.

Production risk management requires familiarity with a number
of constantly evolving technical and business environments. It
involves the upstream validation of technical, legal and financial
specifications, as well as a tried and tested project management
methodology designed to integrate the participation of X-shore
production platforms, together with operational and accounting
controls.

Depending on the contractual commitments entered into, any
ailure to provide the services specified in these contracts, or any
provision of sub-standard services, may result in a risk for the group
(penalties, client complaints, claims for damages, additional cost,
non-payment, early termination of the contracts, reputational risk).
n the current environment, clients are increasingly demanding in
erms of contractual commitments and guarantees.

Unlike time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price contracts are
characterised by commitments regarding price, result and
ead times: they may be fixed-price projects such as systems
integration or software development, or fixed-price services such
as maintenance contracts, third-party application maintenance,
infrastructure management or BPS. Fixed-price service contracts
are often multiannual agreements with regular management and
follow-up.

For fixed-price projects and fixed-price services, a poor assessment
of the scale of the work to be done, an underestimate of the cost
of providing the service or an incorrect estimate of the technical
solutions to be implemented can lead to estimated costs being
exceeded or contractual deadlines not being met. This delay can, in
itself, result in late delivery penalties and/or budget overruns.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

33
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

34

Risk factors

The breakdown of revenue according to the nature of contracts is summarised in the table below:

(in % of revenue) 2015 2014
Licences 1.9% 2.2%
Fixed-price projects 17.5% 17.3%
Fixed-price services 51.2% 50.5%
Time and materials 29.4% 30.0%
TOTAL 100% 100%

Information security and IT/communications infrastructure
risks

The reliability of IT and communications infrastructures is an issue
of growing importance to production.

In view ofits business model, with production located along way from
clients (national and worldwide shared service centres in nearshore
and offshore countries), the group is potentially dependent on
its remote production centres and telecommunications networks
functioning correctly.

Consequently, the role of the information systems security manager
within the Industrial Department has been expanded. This initiative
grew from a need to spur greater involvement among all
stakeholders across the Group in analysing information system risks
and defining action plans in a context of growing interdependence
between entities and onshore and offshore production sites.

It should be noted that a significant proportion of the group's
production activities are located in India. India still shows various
characteristics that may constitute instability or risk factors (political,
economic or social unrest, wage inflation, natural disasters,
pandemics). The group has four production facilities located at a
great distance from each other in India, in three different regions,
which considerably limits the consequences of certain incidents or
risks that may arise in a specific region.

In addition, using a larger number of production facilities and
having a variety of onshore, nearshore and offshore services makes
it possible to have backup solutions.

In more general terms, the development of cybercrime imposes
greater risks on all companies, and in particular on digital services
companies. The group is aware of the issues linked to information
security, and in particular uses the skills developed in its own area
of expertise to implement the solutions best suited to its needs, via
an evolutive approach.

Risk of dependence on suppliers

Both integration projects and managed services and business
process services (BPS) contracts involve an increasingly high level

(1) Consolidated data for the new Sopra Steria Group combined entity.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

of complexity and require working with many partners (such as
developers, manufacturers, consultants or IT services companies),
thus creating a certain dependence by Sopra Steria Group on some
suppliers. The IT world is, however, characterised by a multiplicity of
actors, thus substantially reducing the risk of dependency. Although
there are alternative solutions for most software, hardware and
networks and although the group has maintained commercial
relations with most large suppliers, some projects could be affected
by a residual risk of potential failure of its suppliers.

10.1.3. RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH
KEY CLIENTS

In order to do business effectively, the Group must be able to draw
on the entirety of its client-related knowledge, even as relationships
with major clients extend over a number of years and involve
numerous employees, often in different units. Proper management
and use of this knowledge is key to understanding and responding
appropriately to clients’ needs. It also allows for better management
of the risk of losing a client or a major contract.

The sales approach used for key accounts is coordinated by a
procedure involving the members of the Executive Committee for
he management of major sales programmes.

n 2015, the group's top client accounted for 7% of revenue; the
op five clients represented 18.4% and the top ten represented
28.05%.

n 2014, the group's top client accounted for 4.5% of revenue;
he top five clients represented 17.9% and the top ten represented
28.5% \.

The main clients include:

p in France: Airbus Group, EDF, Société Générale, Orange, Crédit
Agricole, SNCF and BNP Paribas;

p in the United Kingdom: Ministry of Justice, Home Office, Ministry
of Defence, National Offender Management Service (NOMS), HM
Prison Service and National Health Service.
10.2.Integration risks

Although the merger of Sopra and Steria is now considered
successfully complete, a committee continues to meet each week
with the Executive Management to monitor the finalisation of
integration operations.

10.3. Financial risks

Financial risk factors are detailed in Notes 30.1 and following of the
consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document,
and liquidity risk in particular is detailed in Note 30.2.

egotiated bank borrowing facilities are used to help manage
iquidity risk. The group’s policy in this area is to have borrowing
acilities at its disposal which are much larger than its needs.

On 15 September 2014, the group took out a €1,200 million five-
year syndicated borrowing facility with two options to extend the
expiry date by one year, consisting of a €200 million amortising
ranche, an £80 million amortising tranche and a €900 million
multicurrency revolving credit line. The amortising tranches have
been amortised in the amounts of €20 million and £8 million,
respectively. These loans were extended by one year, i.e. unti
September 2020. A breakdown of these borrowings is given in
Note 22.1 to the consolidated financial statements.

The group has a bond issued by Groupe Steria to institutiona
investors in 2013 in the amount of €180 million, maturing in
July 2019.

The group had lines of credit totalling €1,522 million at 31 December
2015, excluding leasing. The group has entered into the financia
debt covenants described in Note 30.2 to the consolidated financia
statements, in Chapter 4 of this document.

The Company has carried out a specific review of its liquidity risk
and considers that it is in a position to meet its cash disbursemen
obligations. To date, there are no elements likely to have a materia
impact on Sopra Steria Group’s financial position and performance.

Regarding treasury risk, it should be noted that a large proportion o
the group’s revenue is generated by business with public authorities
and European government entities. A very small proportion o
revenue is generated by business with clients residing outside the
OECD, and the largest proportion of revenue is generated by key
accounts, in accordance with the group's business strategy. These
factors help to reduce the group’s credit risk profile.

In order to manage and mitigate the potential risk associated with
insolvency or non-payment, the Finance Department establishes
rules for opening new accounts, setting credit limits and requiring
guarantees when necessary, following up unpaid invoices and
handling disputes.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Risk factors

10.4.Risks associated with
retirement benefit obligations
in the United Kingdom
(pension funds)

This point is discussed in Note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Sopra Steria Group provides its employees with retirement benefits
in several countries. Such benefits are usually provided by associated
pension funds or directly by the group. The pension plans are either
defined benefit plans (where the individual is guaranteed a certain
percentage of his or her salary as a benefit) or defined contribution
plans (where the benefit is determined based on the investment
returns achieved over the contribution period). Defined benefit
plans are recorded in Sopra Steria Group's financial statements in
accordance with IAS 19 (revised).

In the United Kingdom, the assets of the defined benefit pension
plans are managed in funds administered by independent trustees,
and employees are entitled to retirement benefits calculated
according to their salary and length of service.

In the case of defined benefit plans, the employer is obliged to
cover any deficit between the value of the fund assets and the
pension obligations to be paid.

Since 2010, defined benefit plans have been replaced within the
group by defined contribution plans, although benefits vested
prior to that decision remain in effect. The defined benefit plans
are exceptionally maintained in connection with a few public-
sector outsourcing projects, to comply with the legislation and
commitments made to clients.

In 2014, as part of its three-yearly negotiations, Sopra Steria Group
reached an agreement with the trustees for additional future
pension fund contributions aimed at absorbing deficits over a
period of 4 to 13 years depending on the plan. These additional
contributions which were agreed on by the parties are in keeping
with the amounts paid over the last three years. These contributions
were continued in 2015, with an increase at the rate of inflation.

The Company keeps itself informed of the strategy for investing
funds and the asset and liabilities management approach decided
on by the trustees, which include its representatives, and shares the
aim of reducing volatility and exposure to interest rate and inflation
risks, in particular by the use of swaps.

The next three-yearly negotiations concerning future contributions
to the pension funds are set to conclude between March and
June 2017.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

35
MEE ~|NTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

36

Risk factors

A breakdown of the asset portfolio of the UK pension funds at 31 December 2015 is shown below (based on average market values):

2015 2014
Shares 34% 34%
Bonds 53% 54%
Property/Infrastructure 15% 13%
Other assets -2%* -1%
TOTAL 100% 100%

* Including derivatives used to manage interest rate and inflation risks.

Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of
this document gives a breakdown of the assets and obligations of
the defined benefit pension plans.

The current value of pension obligations for defined benefit plans
is calculated based on actuarial assumptions and is therefore
subject to changes in macroeconomic conditions. The main factors
concerned are long-term interest rates, inflation and mortality.
As an illustration, all other things being equal, a 0.25 point
reduction in the discount rate would cause a €80 million increase
in commitments at the 2015 closing rate.

Assets invested in different asset classes (including shares) are
subject to the risk of fluctuations in financial markets. As an
illustration, all other things being equal, a 10% drop in the value of
assets would cause a €145 million reduction in their value.

It should be noted that any economic impact of these variations
must be assessed over the medium and long term, according to the
duration of the obligations. Deficits resulting from such variations
in assets and/or liabilities do not necessarily change in the same
direction. Changes in regulations or accounting standards may
cause an increase in obligations and have a negative impact on the
group's financial statements.

10.5. Other risks

10.5.1. LEGAL RISKS

a. Compliance with laws and regulations

The group’s business is an unregulated activity, and therefore
requires no special legal, administrative or regulatory authorisation.
Some services, such as managed services or systems integration
provided to clients whose business activity is subject to special
regulations may lead the group to have to adhere to the
contractual obligations linked to these regulations. Moreover, the
group is a multinational company that operates in many countries,
subject to various constantly changing laws and regulations, and
recruits large numbers of employees each year. Training courses,
management control and legal and financial review procedures are
therefore all important.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

b. Intellectual property

To protect its intellectual property, the group relies on a combination
of contracts, copyrights, trademarks, patents and confidentiality
and trade secrecy obligations. In addition, due to their complexity,
the technological fields covered by the group involve an increasing
number of issues linked to intellectual property that require special
attention, and specific contractual clauses, in particular during
integration of third-party software, use of software company
licences in connection with integration projects or infrastructure
management services and/or for any issues regarding reuse
of software modules in connection with integration projects.
Operational staff regularly receive training on protecting intellectual
property.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries have protected the main trademarks
used in each country concerned.

The brand portfolio is managed by the Legal Department in
collaboration with an intellectual property advisor.

Neither the group nor any of its subsidiaries have filed for or hold
other patents for software.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries own exclusive intellectual property
rights to all their software, either through having developed it
in-house or by having acquired if from third parties. Software
packages developed by the group, in particular by Sopra Banking
Software or by Sopra HR Software, are generally marketed directly.
However there are a few distribution agreements with partners.

Sopra Banking Software holds patents for the technical algorithms
used by various technological and functional components of the
Sopra Banking Platform software suite, designed for banks and
financial institutions.

c. Tax risk

As with any international group operating in multiple jurisdictions,
the group has structured its activities with regard to various
regulatory obligations. Insofar as the tax rules in the different
countries where the group operates are continually evolving
and may be subject to interpretation, the group cannot provide
an absolute guarantee that these interpretations will not be
challenged, possibly with negative consequences for its financial
position or results. In addition, the group is subject to the usual
tax audits. In particular, in France and India it has received claims
and requests from the tax authorities, which have been formally
challenged. At 31 December 2015 these disputes were still under
investigation by the tax authorities or courts.

In France, a request for approval was made to the tax authorities
to transfer part of Steria’s tax loss carryforwards from prior to
1 January 2014 to Sopra Steria. In 2015, this request was partly
accepted by the tax authorities. The loss carryforwards allowed are
in line with the amounts estimated in the financial statements at
31 December 2014. For more information, see Note 17.4 to the
consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document.

d. Disputes

Provisions are recognised in respect of ongoing disputes, as
described in Notes 24 and 33 to the consolidated financial
statements, in Chapter 4 of this document.

The group is not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings
which could have a significant impact other than those reflected
in the group’s financial position. To date, the group is not aware
of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, including
any proceedings that may be suspended or threatened, which
may have or have had a material impact on the financial position
or profitability of the Company or group during the past twelve
months.

It should be noted that an administrative inquiry by the Competition
Authority in France was launched at the end of 2014 into the main
IT services companies operating in France, including Sopra and
Steria. In a letter dated 6 January 2016, the French Competition
Authority informed Sopra Steria Group that it had closed the
inquiry carried out in the IT development services sector. In addition,
Steria was informed of a report drawn up by the French labour
inspectorate regarding its Meudon site, concerning the recording
and monitoring of working time in 2014. At the time of publication
of this Registration Document, no action had been taken following
that report, whose content is contested by the group.

10.5.2. RISKS TO REPUTATION AND IMAGE

Since the group gives priority to a strategy focusing on key
accounts, and is recognised for its ability to manage complex
development, transformation and execution issues in visible and
sensitive areas, it is required to carry out significant and sensitive
projects that may result in difficulties that could undermine the
group’s credibility and image with its clients.

10.5.3. INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Since it operates exclusively in the mainly intangible field of IT
services, the group’s environmental impact is not extensive.
However, although that impact is judged to be of low significance
due to the nature of the group’s activities, the group nevertheless
endeavours to limit it. (See Chapter 3, Section 3 of this document).

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA ES

Risk factors

10.6.Insurance and risk coverage

To optimise its risk hedging policy, on 1 January 2015 Sopra Steria
Group extended the coverage of its insurance programmes taken
out with leading insurance companies.

The coverage limits are reassessed each year with regard to the
change in the size of Sopra Steria and the risks incurred. The main
insurance programmes put in place by the group at 1 January 2016
are as follows:

p Operations coverage and professional liability

The civil liability insurance programme covers all of the group’s
companies for monetary consequences arising as a result of their
civil and professional liability in connection with their activities,
due to bodily injury, material or non-material damage caused to
third parties. Overall coverage is limited to €150 million per claim
and per year of insurance;

p Direct damages and operating losses

Since 1 January 2016, this programme has covered all of the
group's sites for the direct material damages they may suffer
and any resulting operating losses. Overall policy coverage (for all
types of damages and operating losses) is limited to €100 million
per claim and per year of insurance.

In addition, group programmes have been put in place covering

in particular:

p the civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

p assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
employees and employees on loan.

10.7.Internal control and risk
management procedures

The internal control and risk management procedures are presented
in the Chairman of the Board of Directors’ report in Chapter 2 of
this Registration Document.

Registration Document 2015 - Sopra Steria

37
