

--- Page 1 ---

Introduction to the Group
History

1.1.

HISTORY

@ Acquisitions

6 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015

1857

1932

1944

1950-1960

1953

1954

1967

1968

1972

1972

1972

1973

1975

1978

1981

1985

1988

1990

1991-93

1992

1994

1994-96

1996

1997

© organic development @ innovation

Creation of a small tinplating workshop in
Selongey, in the Burgundy region of France

First hand-crank food mill, paving the way
for the development of Moulinex

The company takes the name SEB
(Société d’'Emboutissage de Bourgogne)

Marie, Charlotte and Jeannette food
processors etc. from Moulinex

Launch of the Super Cocotte pressure
cooker, which was to give rise to the
creation of Groupe SEB

Invention of the first Tefal non-stick pan and
the first Vapomatic Calor steam iron

SEB invents the odourless electric fryer
Acquisition of Tefal and its five European
subsidiaries (Germany, Belgium, Denmark,
Netherlands, Italy)

Acquisition of Calor

Opening of subsidiaries in the UK and the US

First Tefal sandwich maker with detachable
non-stick plates

creation of Groupe SEB

Stock Market listing of SEB S.A.

First Tefal raclette grill

First Calor electronic iron

Tefal electronic scales

Acquisition of the German company, Rowenta
Aquagliss irons with anti-scale cartridge
Opening of subsidiaries in Mexico, Poland,
the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary,
Turkey, Canada and Portugal

First Genius intelligent food processor
from Moulinex

Clipso pressure cooker with one-handed
opening mechanism

Dymbo vacuum with Delta System head
from Rowenta

Entry into Russia and the United Arab
Emirates

Aro self-clean blender

Range of pots and pans with Ingenio
detachable handles from Tefal

Opening of a subsidiary in South Korea

1998

1997

1998

2001

2003-04

2007

2007

2011

2012

2013

2014

2014

2015

Opening of a subsidiary in Australia
Acquisition of the Brazilian company, Arno
Acquisition of the Colombian company, Samurai

Tefal Thermospot (heat indicator
incorporated in the non-stick coating)

Acquisition of certain Moulinex assets,
takeover of Krups

Opening of a subsidiary in Thailand
and in Malaysia

Repelente anti-mosquito fan from Arno
Acquisition of All-Clad, specialist
top-of-the-range cookware operator

in the United States

Acquisition of the Brazilian company, Panex
Acquisition of the Italian company, Lagostina
Actifry, fryer which uses a spoonful of oil
Opening of a subsidiary in Ukraine

Silence Force vacuum from Rowenta

acquisition of a majority shareholding
in the Chinese company, Supor

Acquisition of the Colombian company Imusa
Acquisition of Asia Fan in Vietnam

Majority shareholding in the Indian company,
Maharaja Whiteline

Creation of the SEB Alliance
investment fund

Acquisition of an additional 20% capital
interest in Supor

Freemove cordless iron, Cookeo the first
multicooker and Steampod, the professional hair
smoothing solution in partnership with L'Oréal

Cuisine Companion, the first cooking food
processor from Moulinex and Optigrill, the
intelligent grill

Acquisition of the remaining shares in
Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan

Cookeo Connect

Acquisition of the Scandinavian company
OBH Nordica

Shareholding in Supor increased to 81%
(subject to approval from the Chinese
authorities)


--- Page 2 ---

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

].2. BUSINESS SECTOR

Groupe SEB operates in the Small Household Appliances market
which includes small domestic appliances and cookware which
account for 70% and 30% of its revenue respectively.

According to the latest estimates, the global market for small domestic
appliances is worth approximately €34 billion and for cookware,
€14 billion. These figures are estimates for the Group, calculated
based on GFK and Nielsen surveys and from third-party organisations.

Overall, the Small Household Appliances sector is characterised by:

™ moderate, yet steady, growth in the majority of mature markets
where, although the appliance ownership rate is already high, it
is uneven in terms of product families. This demand is, however,
mixed and driven by strong reactivity to innovation (new products
and concepts), by premiumisation associated with a desire for
more status-related products, and by the need for basic products
at low prices. At the same time, despite recent turbulence,
emerging markets are experiencing steady growth. These markets
are experiencing strong demand from first-time buyers, and their
intense growth is fuelled by booming middle class access to
consumption, increasing urbanisation and the development of the
real estate market, increased buying power, the development of
modern retail distribution and e-commerce, etc.;

@ an average sale price of around €50 for a small domestic appliance

in developed countries, being accessible for most consumers and
requiring no or very limited use of credit;

an increasing average appliance ownership rate in certain
categories, which are driving these renewal markets;

strong seasonality, shared by all market operators, primarily
relating to the significant percentage of products, particularly small
domestic appliances, sold during holiday periods (the fourth quarter
for most markets, January/February for China);

steady and increasingly unavoidable inroads of industrial
partnerships between manufacturers of small domestic appliances
and actors of various mass consumer goods, especially by joining
forces to propose new offerings and services. Development of the
single-portion coffee concept is the most significant example;

@ the emergence of new consumer trends worldwide: more Western
in Asian or South American countries, more ethnic in Western
countries, back to home-made and control over food in Europe,
heightened environmental awareness, etc.;

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 7

® ahighly competitive and discount-driven market environment. The
success of retailer loyalty programmes in boosting traffic in stores
is a testament to this trend;

§ the very rapid growth of alternative retail channels, and especially
the e-commerce. Over the last few years, this trend has resulted in
the emergence of new and highly dynamic specialist online sales
operators (such as Amazon, Tmall and Nova Pontocom) and retailer
websites whilst traditional retail sales via physical channels have
stagnated.

+ BREAKDOWN OF THE GLOBAL SMALL HOUSEHOLD
APPLIANCES MARKET BY PRODUCT

5%

Linen care

8%
Beverage preparation

Th 29%
Personal care / Cookware

8%
Food preparation

10%
Electrical cooking

\ 14%

Home care
19%

Home comfort

Sources ; Consultants, Groupe SEB.

From a geographical viewpoint, the global market for Small Household
Appliances does not present any real homogeneity because it is
fragmented into numerous national/regional markets. These are fuelled
by a complex and multi-faceted retail distribution network that varies
depending on regional consumption habits, market maturity, targets
and the level of product ranges.

1


--- Page 3 ---

Introduction to the Group
Business sector

Multiple forms of competition

The Small Household Appliances market is very fragmented globally,
both in small domestic appliances and in cookware. In practice,
changes in the sector over the last ten years — with, in particular, the
increased relocation of production to countries with low production
costs - have greatly changed the way in which markets are
approached, more local today than global. The launch of international
brands, which can in some cases be marketed under local/regional
brands, falls in line with this dual-faceted market approach that makes
it possible to take advantage of economies of scale as well as a
strong local reputation. As such, Groupe SEB is the only player with
such a broad international spectrum, and it draws in this respect on
six international brands and a brand portfolio with local leadership.

The Group has numerous and various competitors worldwide, but few
of them have truly global coverage:

@ Philips is undoubtedly the Group's foremost rival through its large
range of small domestic appliances and its presence on almost all
of the world’s continents (in both mature and emerging economies);

De Longhi (De Longhi, Kenwood, etc.), a major player in coffee
and food preparation appliances, also enjoys a presence in
many regions and has expanded its line by purchasing rights to
manufacture Braun-branded kitchen electrics and ironing products;

Other industry giants with an extensive offering and global coverage
include Conair (Babyliss, Cuisinart, etc.), Bosch-Siemens (which
acquired Zelmer in Poland in 2012), Procter & Gamble (Braun and
Oral-B) and the US group Meyer (Silverstone, Farberware, Prestige,
Anolon, Circulon, etc.) and German companies WMF (WMF, Silit,
Kaiser, etc.) and Fissler in cookware;

Other players are primarily present in their domestic market or
a small number of reference markets: Magimix, Taurus, Imetec,
Severin, Zwilling/Staub, in particular, in various European countries;
Arcelik in Turkey; Bork and Redmond in Russia; Spectrum Brands
(Black & Decker, George Foreman, Russell Hobbs, Remington, etc.)
and Jarden (Sunbeam, MrCoffee, Oster, etc.) in North America;
Mallory, Mondial, Britania and Tramontina in South America; and
Panasonic (also including the National brand) in Asia;

@ Midea is the Group’s main competitor in China. It has expanded
greatly over the last ten years, not only in the Chinese market but
also in South-East Asia. It sells numerous types of small and large
domestic appliances. Other major competitors include Joyoung
and Airmate in small domestic appliances and ASD in cookware;

@ Numerous high-end specialists concentrate on one or two product
segments — such as Dyson, Vorwerk, Jura and Laurastar, etc. in
small domestic appliances — or on a special area of expertise, like
the French company Le Creuset, which specialises in cast iron
cookware.

Another form of competition comes from white label goods and
retailer brands; both mainly consist of aggressively priced entry-
level products. Certain promotional campaigns, with products
manufactured under one-off contracts with Chinese subcontractors
that aim mainly to generate traffic at points of sale also drive their
growth. Nevertheless, on the whole, their market share remains low.

Market momentum remains primarily driven by:

@ large European groups such as Groupe SEB, Philips, Bosch
Siemens or De Longhi, which develop new products and concepts,
open up new categories and set up in new territories;

& specialists focused on a single category, such as Dyson, which
stand out thanks to innovative products and heavy marketing;

& local competitors, notably in booming Asian emerging markets
(China, India and Indonesia), driven by buoyant domestic markets
and, in the case of China, by an increase in exports, both regionally
(particularly South-East Asia) and worldwide.

In general, competition has become fierce in recent years, both with
regard to small domestic appliances and cookware. This is a result of
retail distribution which is able to exert added pressure on prices to
maintain or boost patronage in stores, especially in light of the strong
rise in on-line sales.

8 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 4 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1.3. A PROFITABLE GROWTH STRATEGY

On the one hand, Groupe SEB’s expansion is based on a strategy of
steady growth, driven by a strong product innovation policy, a global
presence, a brand portfolio that is unrivalled within the industry and
a capacity to work with all distribution channels. On the other hand,

Strong product innovation policy

Firmly rooted in the Group’s values, innovation is one of its most
powerful development and differentiation factors. It gives the Group
the headstart it requires to stay ahead of the competition and to fight
commoditisation. The Group uses innovation to offer new products,
designs, or differentiated marketing approaches. This provides real added
value for consumers, allowing Groupe SEB to stand out in an effective
way and thus strengthen its positioning and conquer new markets.

A COMMITMENT DATING BACK
TO THE ORIGINS OF THE GROUP

The Group's history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs
incorporating unique concepts, new features or ingenious discoveries.
These innovations have been reflected in tangible advances in the
everyday life of consumers. Emblematic products such as the SEB
pressure cooker or the Moulinex hand-crank food mill paved the way
for the first electrical appliances in the 1950s and 1960s: irons, coffee
grinders, odourless fryers, the Charlotte and Marie multi-purpose
food processors, etc. The 1970s and 1980s marked the arrival of
more sophisticated functions with the introduction of electronically
enhanced products: bathroom scales, programmable coffee
machines, etc. This era also saw the emergence of new lifestyles,
reflected in the launch of informal meal appliances such as the raclette
grill and home espresso coffee makers. In the decade from 1990 to
2000, both Groupe SEB and Moulinex brought new simplicity to the
world of Small Household Appliances, with pressure cookers with
simplified closing mechanisms, removable handles for frying pans
and saucepans, compact vacuum cleaners with triangular-shaped
heads, coffee makers incorporating doser-grinders, frying pans with a
visual heat indicator, food processors designed for easy storage, etc.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 9

it relies on an unswerving commitment to competitiveness which is
achieved via a balanced manufacturing base and on a rigorous and
responsible purchasing policy.

The 2000s marked a new acceleration in the product offer renewal
process through:

@ the Group’s first partnerships, developed from 2006 onwards
with leading food industry operators, which gave it access to new
product categories such as pod coffee makers and beer-tapping
machines;

the introduction of several innovative concepts, in response to new
consumer expectations (nutrition and health, home-made, ease,
well-being, etc.), often accompanied by major commercial success:
the Actifry minimal-oil fryer; the Silence Force and Silence Force
Extreme vacuum cleaners, which combine power with very low
noise levels; washable, detachable and silent fans; anti-mosquito
devices, smart and/or connected appliances (Cookeo and Optigrill),
and the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor;

the introduction of new features such as a self-cleaning iron
soleplate and rapid heating steam generators in linen care, and a
heating blender for food preparation, etc.

A VIRTUOUS STRATEGY

Groupe SEB's innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic
approach to product creation that involves both business teams
and head office departments in research and development, industry,
purchasing, logistics and strategic marketing, design and quality.
New products are the result of the in-depth analysis of consumer
needs (which include both expressed needs and latent needs), the
invention of breakthrough concepts, the use and evaluation of new
technologies and the creation of unusual or one-of-a-kind designs.
For Groupe SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous circle: as a creator of
value for customers/retailers and a source of customer progress and
satisfaction, it generates profitable growth which makes it possible
to reinvest in innovation to restart the cycle.



--- Page 5 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

This approach to innovation operates on a shared, collaborative
basis internally and is also open to external partners. The Group
has, therefore, structured relations within its innovation community,
comprising 1,300 employees, using collaborative tools that make it
possible to enrich the collective point of view on strategic issues and
to promote the sharing of knowledge and best practices.

At the same time, the Group enjoys partnerships with universities,
research institutes and other companies, working with them on major
projects which enable it to widen its field of activities and benefit
from additional tools and skills. Notable examples include projects
concerning health and nutrition with Nutrition-Santé-Longévite,
Vitagora and Q@limed. The Group has also entered into a major
European collaborative project in the field of healthy living and general
health, known as a Knowledge Innovation Community.

In 2014, the Group launched an open site for innovators, “Innovate
with Groupe SEB”, targeting inventors, scientists, researchers and
designers who want to propose an innovation to Groupe SEB. The
site offers three ways of working together: propose an invention, join
the Groupe SEB innovation network or take part in challenges based
around themes set by the Group.

In May 2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB
Alliance, to improve its technology monitoring system by investing
in innovative, technology-focused companies in areas such as the
connected home and digital applications, robotics, well-being and
population ageing, and sustainable development. These companies
furnish the technological bricks that the Group can use to develop
its products. Since it was founded, SEB Alliance has made direct
investments in eight active companies, notably in fields such as big
data, air treatment, water filtration and robotics-related products.

+ AVIRTUOUS STRATEGY

av

INNOVATION

a ffi
a:

PROFITABLE GROWTH VALUE CREATION
FOR THE GROUP FOR RETAILERS

at

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
‘AND LOYALTY

AN INNOVATION POLICY SUSTAINED
BY MAJOR INVESTMENT

The Group invests significant amounts each year in R&D, product
design and strategic marketing, honing its range as far as possible to
target consumer expectations and enabling it to stand out as one of
the most innovative players in its industry. In 2015, R&D investment
amounted to €93 million (€86 million in 2014), inclusive of Research
Tax Credits (€7 million, unchanged from 2014). Investment in strategic
marketing stood at €67 million in 2015 (€60 million in 2014). The R&D
teams have been significantly strengthened over the last few years, in
terms of both employee numbers and employee qualifications, with the
hiring of highly specialised engineers, for instance. These specialists
bring expertise in cutting-edge fields such as coatings and materials,
connected products, batteries, motors, food processing, sensors, etc.

1 0 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 6 ---

An unrivalled brand portfolio

For a number of years now, the Group has been bolstered by the
largest brand portfolio in the industry. This portfolio is made up of six
international brands (Tefal, Moulinex, Krups, Rowenta, Lagostina and
All-Clad) and leading local brands (SEB, Calor, Supor, Arno, Imusa,
OBH Nordica, etc.).

INTERNATIONAL BRANDS

ALL-CLAD, KRUPS, LAGOSTINA,
MOULINEX, ROWENTA, TEFAL

LOCAL BRANDS

AIRBAKE, ARNO, ASIA FAN, CALOR, CLOCK,
IMUSA, MAHARAJA WHITELINE,
OBH NORDICA, PANEX, ROCHEDO, SAMURAI,
SEB, SUPOR, T-FAL, UMCO, WEAREVER

A global and diversified presence

Over the last 40 years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150 countries as a result of an expansion strategy combining internal
growth with acquisitions. It has a leading position in Europe, China,
Russia, Brazil, Colombia, Turkey etc.

The Group's strong local presence is due to the relevance of its offering
and its capacity to adapt to the needs of different markets. Its global
presence enables it to seize opportunities for profitable growth in
the various countries in which it has a presence and to diversify its
exposure to different economies. In 2015, 54% of its sales were made
in mature countries and 46% in emerging countries.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

This multi-brand strategy makes it possible for the Group to:

@ better address the various needs of consumers throughout the
world, with each brand responding to specific consumer behaviours;

§ offer relevant and complementary responses to retailer strategies.

Each brand has a clearly defined identity with specific values that are
expressed through the variety, features and design of the products
as well as by means of brand-specific marketing.

In addition to its brand portfolio, the Group takes a partnership
approach and works with other groups or organisations to develop
new concepts and boost sales. Accounting for almost 10% of sales,
these partnerships are major drivers of growth and innovation for
the Group. For instance, the Group has signed joint development
agreements with major names in the food industry, such as Nestlé for
Nespresso and Dolce Gusto and Heineken for BeerTender and The
Sub, and in the cosmetics industry, such as L’Oréal for Steampod.
These arrangements can also take the form of image partnerships that
associate our products with other brands or organisations (WWF, etc.),
licensing agreements with brands such as Elite, endorsement contracts
where, for example, cookware lines are developed in collaboration with
renowned chefs such as Jamie Oliver or Thomas Keller.

+ GEOGRAPHICAL BREAKDOWN OF SALES IN 2015

16%
— France

Asia Pacific
20%
Other
Western
13% EU countries
Central 2

13%
North America

Europe, Russia
and other countries

8% I

South America


--- Page 7 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A multi-channel distribution strategy

The Group works with an extremely large and diverse network
of distributors, giving it a decisive competitive edge. It develops
constructive long-term relationships with customers on the basis of
the most extensive product offer on the market and with strong brands,
which are vectors of growth and profitability for each of the parties.

The network mainly comprises mass food retailers, specialist retailers
as well as local stores or groups of independents, of which there are
still a high percentage in emerging markets. The percentage of sales
made online is growing significantly due to the number of purely online
operators as well as via websites created by physical retailers, mainly
specialist brands. Furthermore, the Group has developed a network
of its own retail brand outlets (Home & Cook, Tefal shops, Supor
Lifestores, etc.), the aim of which being, on the one hand, to reach
out to consumers in certain emerging countries where retail coverage
is inadequate, and on the other, to promote the flow of discontinued
products in mature countries.

Customer relations is one of the Group’s core concerns and it seeks
operational excellence both in the supply chain, to guarantee the best
levels of service, and with regard to in-store execution, to ensure that
its products are promoted on its customers’ shelves and websites.
This approach was supported by investment in marketing and publicity
of €318 million in 2014 (up from €305 million in 2013). This expenditure
enables the Group both to establish the reputation of its brands and
products by means of advertising, and also to seek the best in-store

An active acquisitions policy

Acquisitions are another pillar of the Group's growth strategy. As an
operator in the Small Household Appliances market, which is still
highly fragmented, the Group is positioning itself as its industry
consolidator. The Group's history is one of numerous transactions
which have enabled it to take leading positions in many countries
and product categories.

In addition to having the necessary financial capacity, external
growth requires an ability to integrate new acquisitions effectively
and to generate synergies. With its many acquisitions over the years,
Groupe SEB has built up experience in integrating new acquisitions:
after the takeover of Moulinex-Krups in 2001-2002, it acquired All-
Clad in the United States in 2004, Panex in Brazil and Lagostina
in Italy in 2005, Mirro WearEver in the United States in 2006, and
took control of the Chinese company, Supor, in late 2007. This
most recent operation stood out because of the major challenges it
presented (separation both in terms of distance and culture, language
barrier, more complex integration, coordination of communications
between two listed companies, etc.). The Group's equity interest was

execution through category management, effective merchandising,
the creation of dedicated stores-in-stores or even promotional events.
Digital marketing (brand websites, digital campaigns etc.) is taking up
an increasing share of this investment due to the rise of e-commerce
and the importance of on-line research conducted by consumers prior
to making a purchase, whether said purchase is ultimately made online
or in-store.

+ BREAKDOWN OF SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

22% 23%
Other eS] Hypermarkets

19%
Specialists

Traditional

increased in several stages: in December 2011 (20% of the capital),
in January 2015 (1.6% of the capital) and in December 2015 (7.9% of
the capital, the transaction is still subject to approval from the Chinese
authorities), bringing its holding to 81.03%.

Furthermore, in February 2011, the Group acquired Imusa, a
Colombian cookware company. In May 2011, the Group took control
of a Vietnamese company — Asia Fan — specialising in the production
and sale of fans, and in December, it acquired a 55% stake in an
Indian company - Maharaja Whiteline - specialising in small domestic
appliances. In early 2013, the Group partnered with its long-standing
distributor in Egypt (Zahran) to form a joint venture (Groupe SEB Egypt
for Household Appliances), in which it has a 75% interest. At the end of
the financial year, the Group acquired the Canadian company Coranco
to take direct control over the marketing of Lagostina products in
Canada. In 2014, it announced the acquisition of the remaining shares
of Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan. In 2015, it acquired OBH Nordica,
a major operator in the Scandinavian markets.

1 2 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 8 ---

Competitiveness

This is the second pillar of Groupe SEB’s strategy. In addition to
innovation, commercial excellence and exemplary in-store execution,
which are all crucial factors, the Group's competitiveness is based on
a balanced manufacturing base, on long-term optimisation of industrial
productivity and on a rigorous and responsible purchasing policy.

A BALANCED MANUFACTURING BASE

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is utilised in a
way that responds to market characteristics:

@ European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French
and European plants are dedicated to products for which the
Group is a market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of
technological barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

@ manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets, and for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its specific technologies (concerning
products and processes);

® on outsourcing of production for basic, everyday products, products
where the Group lacks a strong leading position, or in the case of
partnerships.

It has 29 manufacturing sites which produce 72% of the products sold

by the Group throughout the world. The other 28% are outsourced,

in particular to China.

+ LOCALISATION OF SALES PRODUCTION

2%
Other
6%

South America

31%
Europe

Sourced
products

Asia (China and Vietnam)

The Group's industrial strategy aims to best serve markets by
continuously improving competitive performance and quality over
the long-term.

The Group's industrial competitiveness comes from its edge as a
designer of products, especially through its centres of expertise and
technological centres:

@ centres of product expertise bring together the specific expertise
in research and development, industrialisation and production for
a given product category;

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 3

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

@ technological centres reinforce the centres of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centres of industrial expertise in the development
of product offerings. This allows the concept of the “technical basis” to
be promoted so as to standardise sub-assemblies and components,
in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimise the competitiveness of its manufacturing
base, the Group continues to upgrade its factories, taking account
of economic market realities by adjusting production volumes or
rescaling sites (Lourdes in France), transferring operations from one
entity to another (closure of Copacabana under way and transfer
to Rionegro), refitting sites (Sao Paulo, for example), strict control of
manufacturing costs, refocusing of production and use of outsourcing,
according to need.

In 2015, the Group's factories operated against the backdrop of
relatively buoyant global demand for small household appliances with,
however, some extremely volatile markets. The Lourdes site continued
to experience a significant fall in its meat mincer volumes, a product
typical to the Russian market, which slumped in 2014, and a decline
in business for Fresh Express. In addition, the Group continued to
reorganise its manufacturing base in Brazil to improve competitiveness
in a challenging market and a difficult monetary environment. In
contrast, the Chinese sites benefited from sustained local demand
and the continued reintegration into China of a portion of production
that had previously been outsourced.

CONTINUAL OPTIMISATION OF INDUSTRIAL
PRODUCTIVITY

Our global programme of industrial and operational excellence,
OPS (Opération Performance SEB) continues via the rollout of
“fundamentals” (5S, TPM, etc.) to improve site productivity. This plan
takes the form of certification of 18 additional Green Belt-trained
leaders, and by the implementation of 100 or so projects and over 250
workshops across all the Group's production sites. OPS is a practical
programme of continuous performance improvement which:

§ links health and performance in all improvement projects;

1 involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians and operators)
and all departments;

@ aims to share best practice so as to build a real Group manufacturing
culture;

@ results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group
spirit;

is reflected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

Launched in 2011, OPS is currently in its mature phase and enjoys
strong ownership by the manufacturing site teams. Projects and
workshops conducted in 2015 enabled significant new savings to
be made.


--- Page 9 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

In early 2013, the Group also introduced the PCO (Product Cost
Optimization) project which aims to reduce the retail price of current
products, to optimise the future product offering and to increase
perceived value. The approach consists of implementing a method
of analysing products and listening to consumers with the involvement
of experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.) within the
context of multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing
solutions and invent new ones. One of the initiatives resulting from
these workshops that deserves particular mention was the introduction
or expansion of the technical platform concept (for steam irons,
kettles, deep fryers etc.) and the specification of the new Compacteo
Cyclonic vacuum cleaner.

These improvement plans are systematically supported by the Group's
approach to health and safety and a great deal of importance is attached
to continuous improvement of the health and safety of personnel in the
workplace. A three-year plan has been launched in this regard, aiming
for a steady decrease in the number of workplace accidents. When
complete, the plan should halve the annual incidence of accidents (refer
back to section 3 “Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility”
on pages 98 to 100 for more details).

Lastly, another key component of the Group’s competitiveness, the
supply chain, is managed on a global level with the aim of rationalising
finished product inventory, optimising the quality of this inventory and
implementing a process to improve customer service and ensure
customer satisfaction. To deliver these results, the Group is focusing
on a series of common and shared processes, supported by the
rollout of plans to optimise the global logistics chain, from marketing
company sales forecasts to planning capacities and production. At
the same time, the creation of a Supply Chain School means that the
aptitudes and skills of our specialist teams can be developed.

A RIGOROUS AND RESPONSIBLE
PURCHASING POLICY

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-systems, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
finished products. Generally speaking, purchases are increasingly
managed at Group level via a panel of approved suppliers and the

use of shared global product family platforms so as to consolidate
volumes and standardise materials and components. This approach
makes it possible to optimise negotiations (on price, quality, on-time
delivery, etc.) and to develop pooled procurement leading to greater
flexibility between manufacturing sites and increased synergies within
the Group.

For a number of years now, production purchases have been
centralised and organised in a way that is tailored to each project
and each contract. The Group's direct purchasing policy is based on
reducing costs by seeking out and selecting the most competitive
suppliers at the same time as introducing suppliers to the Group’s
approach to innovation and its required quality standards. Amongst
other things, this policy makes it possible to establish and maintain
a real partnership with the best-performing suppliers and to closely
involve them in the improvement process and the Group's objectives
in terms of competitiveness. In 2015, for production purchases,
the Group consolidated its panel of suppliers, increasing its global
purchasing coverage from 82% in 2014 to 85% with 470 suppliers.

Non-production purchases currently follow the same process aimed at
better qualifying approved suppliers and building an across-the-board
Group purchasing methodology with a panel of approved suppliers
representing 41% of non-production purchases. Over the last few
years, the team has been significantly strengthened to cover a far
wider range of expenses and a much-expanded international scope.
Calls for tender are launched on a regular basis and cross-functional
teams thoroughly rework our specifications to optimise purchasing
in new fields.

For sourced finished products, the organisational set-up strengthens
purchasing quality processes by ensuring technical and methodological
assistance from Group teams for suppliers. At the same time, it
demonstrates the Group's desire for upstream integration of suppliers
in the product development process in order to foster greater fluidity
in creating the product offering. This approach meant that the Group
was able to obtain a more concentrated panel of approved finished
product suppliers, which, at year-end 2015, comprised 52 companies
representing 91% of purchases made (at year-end 2014, 88% of
purchases made).

The Group's approved supplier panels consist of carefully selected and
tested companies in terms of both performance (lead times, quality,
cost, etc.) and social and environmental responsibilities (environmental
impact, compliance with Human Rights, etc.).

1 4 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 10 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

1.4. RISK FACTORS

Groupe SEB operations are exposed to different types of risks, i.e.
risks relating to its operations, legal risks and financial and market
risks. These risks may have a negative impact on the Group's results
or assets and may have repercussions for its different stakeholders
- consumers, employees, customers, suppliers or its environment.
Groupe SEB pursues a policy of active, prudent management of
the risks inherent in its business, with the purpose of protecting the
Group’s assets and/or the interests of its stakeholders. This approach

Risks inherent in operations

COUNTRY-SPECIFIC AND ECONOMIC
SITUATION RISKS

is based on a detailed mapping and analysis of the main risks faced
by the company, which makes it possible to rank them on the basis of
their potential impact on the Group's operations and performance, and
according to the probability of such risks occurring. A comprehensive
review of these risks is carried out regularly with the Group Executive
Committee and the Audit Committee. It should, however, be mentioned
that other risks of which the Group is not yet aware or that it believes
to be immaterial at the current time may negatively affect it.

RISKS RELATING TO THE SEASONALITY
OF BUSINESS

The international nature of the Group’s business exposes it not
only to currency risk (covered in Note 26.2.1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements) but also to risks of political instability, economic,
monetary or labour risks, especially in emerging countries where the
Group conducts a significant percentage of its business. The Group
is particularly exposed to China which, following sharp growth over
the last few years, is now the country where the Group conducts the
highest percentage of its business. In addition to these risks, certain
countries have less developed legal systems or offer little in the way
of intellectual property protection, import taxes (e.g. Turkey for certain
domestic electrical products), restrictive measures on imports (e.g. in
Argentina and Ecuador for electronics and cookware), or exchange
controls (Argentina, Venezuela), etc. These factors may interfere with
the Group's business and impact on its financial position. Nonetheless,
this major international presence also offers protection through risk
diversification.

In consideration of the very nature of the business and the limited
investment represented by the purchase of small household
equipment, the Small Household Appliances industry tends to hold up
better than others in periods of crisis. In the past, the Group’s business
has sometimes bucked the trend in challenging economic climates.
The Group's highly globalised presence also helps to balance out sales
and offset different countries and geographic regions.

Nonetheless, the Group's operations depend on the economic
climate and changes in consumer habits, which, in turn, are related
to consumer purchasing power and the financial and economic health
of the Group's retail distribution networks.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 5

A significant proportion of the Group's products are purchased to be
given as gifts and so in many markets, a large percentage of sales
are made at the end of the year, or in the first quarter in China for
the Chinese New Year and, more generally speaking, during festive
periods. Any upheaval likely to affect the economic climate during
these periods could, therefore, have adverse consequences for the
Group's results. Some products are also dependent on weather
conditions such as, for example, fans in Latin America.

The Group limits this risk, on the one hand, by virtue of its global
exposure, which tends to smooth out the seasonal effects mentioned
above. It also strives to boost its business outside these periods by
launching new products or by implementing marketing initiatives.

RISKS RELATING TO SOLD PRODUCTS

Groupe SEB considers consumer safety an absolute priority. In this
respect, it affords maximum attention to safety precautions in terms
of raw materials, components and finished products. It may, however,
have to accept liability or witness its image, or that of its brands, being
tarnished as a result of a product malfunction. Instances of users being
hurt when a product malfunctions or is used inappropriately cannot
be ruled out. The Group is, therefore, exposed to risks of warranty
or liability claims from customers and consumers. Product recalls
may prove necessary in some cases, incurring significant costs and
impacting on the Group's profitability.

To manage such risks, the Group carries out numerous quality controls
on the products that it sells. It also endeavours to include user
information sheets with its products to warn of potentially hazardous
uses. Lastly, the Group has made provision for warranty liabilities
based on historical statistics and taken out insurance policies to cover
civil liability (see paragraph on Insurance on page 21).


--- Page 11 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISKS RELATING TO THE IMPAIRMENT
OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Groupe SEB has built its business on a powerful portfolio of brands,
some of which are treated as assets in its balance sheet. The total
value of brands on the balance sheet as at 31 December 2015 was
€393 million, mainly All-Clad, Supor, Lagostina, Arno and Rowenta.

Moreover, as Groupe SEB regularly engages in external growth
transactions, goodwill is shown in the Consolidated Financial
Statements at the end of 2015 for an amount of €545 million, most
of this having been recognised at the time of the All-Clad and Supor
acquisitions.

Under IFRS accounting standards, the value of brands and goodwill
must be reviewed annually to check that the value entered in the
balance sheet is consistent with the actual performance of the relevant
brands and subsidiaries in their own markets. Any significant drop in
expected cash flow, notably with regard to a brand’s commercial under-
performance, or reduced profitability of the subsidiaries concerned,
could require an adjustment in the balance sheet which may involve a
partial or total recognition of impairment of the asset's value.

Furthermore, with a view to creating value for its brands, the Group
is investing in R&D in order to supply its offering with innovative,
ground-breaking products, as well as in advertising and marketing
with the aim of improving the visibility of its brands, boosting its sales
and strengthening its competitive positions in the field.

Supplementary information is provided in Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

CUSTOMER RISKS

The Group sells its products to a large number of distributors and is
therefore exposed to the risk of non-recovery of receivables as a result
of cash flow issues or bankruptcies.

The Group's broad geographical distribution, as well as the variety and
number of its retail distribution networks, limit risk and, therefore, the
probability of a major impact at a consolidated level. In addition, the
Group's position in the cookware and small domestic appliance market
contributes to a diversified customer base. The retail sale of cookware
occurs, in large part, in mass food retail, while specialised distributors
play an important role in the sale of small domestic appliances.
In 2015, the Group's ten largest customers accounted for almost 23%
of consolidated sales, bearing in mind that no one customer exceeds
5% of sales. On a country level, however, a customer bankruptcy
(especially a major customer) may have significant consequences for
the trading activity of the subsidiary in question.

In addition to diluting customer risk at Group level, the Group
takes out customer insurance which enables it to limit the risk of
claims considerably. In 2015, these policies covered over 90% of
consolidated revenue, despite a fall in coverage in Ukraine, Greece
and Brazil. At the same time, the Group maintains an internal risk-
taking policy allowing it to manage its relations with retailers on a
long-term basis. Such risk-taking is strictly controlled and so the risk
of any customer failure having a major impact on the Group's results
is very limited.

Supplementary information is provided in Notes 16 and 26.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

RISKS RELATING TO COMPETITION

In all its markets, the Group faces fierce global and/or local
competition as well as the rise of e-commerce, leading it to conduct
periodic reviews of the price positioning of its products. Because of
the strong market positions that it holds, the Group is also obliged
to respond on a regular basis to industry surveys or surveys on
anti-competitive practices conducted by the French or European
competition authorities. These types of surveys may result in sanctions
or compliance undertakings. As a major operator within its business
sector, the Group is also called upon to cooperate with the French
Competition Authorities by way of questionnaires intended to help
said authorities define their doctrine or recommendations in certain
areas (e-commerce in 2012, concentration of food retailers in France
in 2015).

In this highly competitive market, gains in market share can be
achieved by brand reputation and the relevance of the product offer,
spurred by innovation alongside strong advertising, marketing and
pricing support.

A capacity to develop and launch genuinely differentiating, added-
value innovations is therefore fundamental. An entire product family
can be severely and lastingly damaged by the launch of a new
concept that wins over consumers, having a significant impact on
results: highly positive for the breakout product in question, very
negative for its competitors. Groupe SEB therefore strives to limit
the risk of competition by boosting its R&D efforts (this area has seen
steady growth in budget allocations in recent years in both skills and
investment) and increasing its marketing and advertising spend.

PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY CHAIN-RELATED
RISKS

Groupe SEB is exposed to events of varying origins (natural disasters,
fire, technical failures, contamination, etc.) that may have a negative
impact on a plant or logistics warehouse’s operations, thereby
affecting the market availability of products. These types of events
may have negative consequences for the Group's business, preventing
it from achieving sales targets. The possibility that these types of
events, particularly those affecting the Group's production sites, may
have environmental repercussions, also cannot be ruled out.

The Group takes an active approach to industrial risk prevention
through regular audits, investment in maintenance and the
optimisation of certain processes in order to limit the probability of
such risks occurring. In practice, the European, US and Chinese
sites are generally not, or only slightly, exposed to major natural
risks (hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, etc.). The Group has also
introduced training initiatives to help its employees deal with these
types of events.

In parallel, the Group has long prioritised safeguarding the environment
by implementing an eco-production policy to limit its environmental
footprint, which involves ISO 14001 certification of its industrial sites.
Details of measures adopted are given in section 3, pages 111 to 118.

1 6 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 12 ---

RISKS RELATING TO EMPLOYEE HEALTH
AND SAFETY

The health and safety of its employees is one of Groupe SEB’s
foremost concerns. The risk of occupational illness or workplace
accidents damaging physical integrity or posing a threat to human
life cannot be ruled out. Besides metal stamping (for pressure cookers,
frying pans and saucepans), surface treatments (non-stick) and the
production of certain components that occupy less than 10% of total
manufacturing personnel, most of Groupe SEB’s production involves
assembly operations. The most sensitive processes are closely
monitored. In assembly processes, the most likely risks are minor
bodily injuries or injuries due to handling, as well as musculoskeletal
disorders for which the Group takes all necessary precautions
(training in ergonomics, specialist advisers and Steering Committee
on each site, etc.) to minimise their occurrence. The Group makes
employees at all levels aware of safety issues, particularly via the
global Safety in SEB programme which aims to spread good practice
and systematically propose corrective measures to combat potentially
hazardous situations. Details of Group initiatives to reduce workplace
accidents and musculoskeletal disorders are given in section 3,
pages 98 to 100.

Despite the Group's efforts to limit workplace accidents and
occupational illnesses, they cannot be completely ruled out and
may have a negative effect on results in the event of civil or criminal
sanctions, as well as damaging the Group’s reputation.

COMMODITY RISK

Groupe SEB’s operations involve the use of several major raw materials
in its manufacturing processes: aluminium (for cookware), nickel
(for certain steel alloys), copper (mainly wire for motors and electric
cables), plastic (a key material in small domestic appliances) and
paper products for printed documents and packaging. These materials
account for a varying percentage of the production purchasing budget
for the Group, including Supor: in 2015, aluminium accounted for
approximately 14% of direct manufacturing purchases (unchanged
from 2014), steel/metal parts for 13% (unchanged from 2013) and
plastics/plastic parts for 20% (compared with 19% in 2014).

Groupe SEB is therefore exposed to risks concerning the availability of
raw materials and fluctuations in their prices insofar as it could suffer
from a shortage and/or have to pass on any price increases - whether
in full or in part —in its retail prices. This would have a potential impact
on the level of trading activity, profitability and cash flow.

To deal with this intrinsic exposure related to its manufacturing
operations, Groupe SEB adheres to a partial hedging policy intended
to protect it against the effects of abrupt changes in the prices of
metals and to enable it to forecast or limit any price hikes that it may
have to pass on to its customers. This policy is not for speculative
purposes but, for any given year and in relation to actual market prices,
may produce:

& positive results when raw material prices are rising;

1 negative results when the same prices are dropping.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 7

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

In addition, the Group constantly endeavours to improve its
manufacturing productivity and to reduce its purchasing costs, which
helps to compensate for market volatility.

The hedging and sensitivity of commodity risks are dealt with in
Note 26.2.3 to the Financial Statements.

RISKS CONCERNING INFORMATION SYSTEMS

The Group continues to roll out consistent IT systems in all its
subsidiaries to ensure better management and client service and to
minimise the risks inherent in obsolete local systems. It concentrates
its IT budget on a limited number of software packages used selectively
throughout the Group, depending on the size of each subsidiary (SAP
R/3 for larger entities, or those participating in clusters, and SAP
Business One for more compact entities, etc.).

This increased dependency on information systems and the greater
integration with outside partners poses risks concerning the integrity
and confidentiality of data and possible interruption of IT services. A
failure might lead to loss of data, errors or delays that could impede
the proper functioning of the company and affect its results. Thorough
testing prior to the deployment of new systems and a strict information
system security policy (monitored by a Steering Committee) are in
place to ensure that systems are fully reliable, secure and accessible.
Regular investments are made to improve the Business Continuity
Plan in case of a major disaster on the primary IT processing centre.
Anti-hacking audits are carried out each year to identify any security
loopholes in the Group's network. Lastly, the management rules for
access rights to systems are audited and then updated on a regular
basis.

RISKS RELATING TO HUMAN RESOURCES
MANAGEMENT

Groupe SEB is built on the skills of its employees, particularly those
with key roles, and on its ability to attract talented individuals to aid its
growth. Should the Group fail to attract or retain these key personnel,
it may find it difficult to implement its strategy, with an accompanying
negative impact on its business and its results. This is why it strives
to provide a motivational working environment and to retain talented
individuals. It also implements succession plans to mitigate possible
employee departures.

In addition, Groupe SEB is constantly adapting its structures,
particularly its manufacturing base, to ensure that it remains
competitive. It has established a forecast planning system for jobs
and skills in a permanent effort to address industrial and employment
issues in collaboration with employee representatives and to take the
necessary steps to avoid redundancies. The Group relies heavily on
the quality of employee-management dialogue to solve difficult labour
issues responsibly and in the best possible conditions for everyone.
Throughout its history, Groupe SEB has carried out restructuring on
various occasions, both domestically and outside of France, and
has always done so in keeping with its corporate ethics. The Group
has a history of committing substantial resources in order to help
every employee concerned to find a solution. Groupe SEB provides
retraining and ensures that practical steps are taken for the industrial
redevelopment of the employment areas in question.


--- Page 13 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

RISKS RELATING TO ACQUISITIONS

IMAGE AND REPUTATIONAL RISKS

For more than 40 years, Groupe SEB has combined organic growth
and acquisitions while pursuing its leadership strategy. Today, it plays
a key role in consolidating the still-fragmented Small Household
Appliances sector. As a consequence, the Group may decide to make
new acquisitions.

Despite the disciplined approach and resources devoted to due
diligence work ahead of these types of transactions and to the
integration process once acquisitions have been made, the Group
may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel,
products or technologies of the companies acquired, under the terms
originally envisaged. The Group cannot be absolutely certain that the
businesses or companies acquired do not include liabilities that were
not identified at the time of the acquisition and against which the
Group may not be protected or may be only partially protected by
the transferor or partner.

An Integration Committee regularly monitors the progress of each
project and the synergies implemented in order to limit the risk of
failure and to refocus action as necessary. Groupe SEB implements
this approach consistently to optimise the integration of newly
acquired companies.

FRAUD AND CORRUPTION RISKS

The Group’s expansion into new locations, the development of new
technologies that facilitate fraud and greater competitive pressure all
increase the risk of fraud occurring within the Group's entities. The
Group is increasing its control measures at various levels to address
this heightened risk.

With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the Internal
Audit department allows the Group to analyse these situations,
inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly by implementing
new checks. A major initiative to raise awareness among financial
employees and the systematic application of dual checks, for example,
have limited the risk of customer, supplier and Group manager identity
theft through technological means.

Amapping of fraud risks in our sales branches was drawn up in 2014.
This mapping forms the basis for tests performed on our IT systems.
by the Internal Audit department to identify potential fraud.

Groupe SEB’s code of ethics clearly sets out the requirements of
the Group’s management with respect to anti-corruption measures.
In terms of relationships with suppliers, the Responsible Purchasing
Charter sets out the required rules of conduct.

Checks are carried out in the field by internal audit teams on decision-
making processes affecting relationships with suppliers, and with
customers who represent the main risk areas of passive and active
corruption. These checks focus in particular on collective responsibility
and transparency when a decision is taken to award a contract to a
supplier on the one hand, and on strict control over the amount and
type of business expenditure on the other.

Groupe SEB is exposed to the risk of information, whether founded
or unfounded, being circulated via the media or social networks and
having a negative impact on its brand image or reputation. Its global
presence and the speed at which information can circulate due to
the introduction of new technologies mean that this risk is now more
acute than in the past.

In order to reduce the risks that may result from such occurrences,
Groupe SEB has introduced a monitoring system allowing it to alert
the Group's management where necessary and to set up a crisis
management unit if needed.

DEPENDENCE ON SUPPLIERS

As part of its global purchasing policy, Groupe SEB relies on an
approved panel of suppliers for production (470 in 2015 versus 452
in 2014), which accounted for approximately 85% of its worldwide
needs in 2015. The top 50 suppliers accounted for 41% of direct
production purchases by value (41% in 2014). With respect to the
procurement of finished products, Groupe SEB has established a
panel of some 50 suppliers who account for 91% of total purchases
(88% in 2014).

Based on 2015 figures, the top three production suppliers provide
nearly 6% of production (up from 5% in 2014), split almost evenly
among them. The top three suppliers of finished products provide
around 23% of the total (24% in 2014), with the leading supplier
contributing around 14% alone and the second and third biggest
4% each. Excluding the leading supplier, the low numbers of the
next-in-line show that the Group's policy of optimising purchasing
procedures (in particular procuring from a smaller number of suppliers)
has not resulted in concentration of risks. The Group is effectively
dependent on external suppliers, where a late service or delivery or
even bankruptcy could be highly prejudicial to its trading activity; it is
therefore especially vigilant in spreading its risk base and limiting its
reliance with regard to procurement. Its priority is to ensure continuity
of production under optimum economic conditions and to have a
variety of options at its disposal, within a single product family or for
a specific technology.

1 8 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 14 ---

Legal risks

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COUNTERFEITING

The Group is forced to constantly defend its brands and protect
its business assets by filing patents and registering trademarks
and designs. Accordingly, in 2015, the Group filed 107 patents, in
line with previous years (117 in 2014 and 115 in 2013), making it
the 16th largest filer in France. Groupe SEB also applies a policy
of protecting the digital assets used on its websites. Moreover, a
number of domain names using the Group’s brands were delisted.
These measures are not always sufficient on a global scale, as some
countries offer less protection than the Group's historic markets in
Europe and North America. As a result, sales are often “appropriated”
by copied and counterfeited products and this can have a significant
effect on growth and profitability. This obliges the Group to protect its
rights by being extremely vigilant in the most critical zones (China and
the Middle East), by having these products seized and destroyed by
local authorities, or by taking legal action. Such measures inevitably
come at a cost, but this is less than the loss of earnings as a result
of counterfeiting.

Financial and market risks

LIQUIDITY AND COUNTERPARTY RISK

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

In 2015, Groupe SEB renewed its investments in terms of industrial
property rights, with a specific allocation for each type of action
carried out (filing patents, measures to combat counterfeiting, litigation
management, etc.).

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN TAX
REGULATIONS

Groupe SEB has a commercial presence in many countries and is
subject to numerous different domestic tax laws. Adverse changes in
tax regulations in certain countries in which it has a presence cannot
be ruled out. It is, in particular, exposed to risks of increases in existing
taxes or of the introduction of new taxes, especially those relating to
corporate income tax, customs duties, statutory deductions or the
repatriation of dividends from its various subsidiaries. These factors
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s tax liability, cash flow
or earnings.

CURRENCY RISKS

Groupe SEB’s business is based on a short-term cycle and requires
little heavy capital investment.

Liquidity risk management is handled centrally by the Treasury and
Financing department. It is based on a solid financing architecture (no
financing comes with early repayment clauses linked to covenants)
and diversified over the short and medium-terms, with commercial
paper, syndicated loans, Schuldschein private placements and bonds.
Groupe SEB also has unused confirmed medium-term credit lines
with leading banks.

The Group considers itself to have little exposure to financial
counterparty risk as it prioritises relationships with leading banks and
diversifies its counterparty portfolio.

Details of the maturity dates of the instruments used and the
financing sources available are provided in Notes 24, 25 and 26 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 1 9

Groupe SEB sells its products in more than 150 countries. With
production mainly concentrated in France and in China, its business is,
therefore, highly exposed to transaction currency risk when products
are billed to our customers in a currency that is different from that
used in production. There is also a currency effect from conversion
into euros when revenues and earnings from different countries are
consolidated. Exchange rate swings thus affect the Group's ability
to be competitive, so that these must be effectively managed from a
long-term perspective. The Group's currency position remains short
in dollars and yuan and long in several other currencies. To limit its
risk, the Group hedges part of its highly probable cash flows, as well
as almost all of its balance sheet transaction exposure, by put and
call futures.

Nevertheless, for several years, the Group’s trading activity has been
strongly disrupted by volatile exchange rates. Given the sometimes
sudden fluctuations in exchange rates, the Group is constantly forced
to adapt its pricing policy: increasing sale prices to preserve the local
profitability of commercial subsidiaries where the relevant currency
depreciates against the production currency and adjusting prices
downwards to preserve market momentum and competitiveness
if exchange rates improve. The effects on the Group’s financial
performance are therefore very different from one year to the next.

Details of exchange rate risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Notes 26.2.1).


--- Page 15 ---

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

INTEREST RATE RISK

RISKS RELATING TO SHARES

The Group uses different types of financing (bank borrowing, private
placements, bonds, commercial paper etc.) to meet its development
and investment policy requirements. It uses mostly fixed-rate loans,
in particular with long maturities, in currencies that correspond to its
needs (mainly the euro and the US dollar). The longest-term among
these loans, extending to 2022, has been financed at a fixed rate,
making it possible for the Group to protect itself against the likelihood
of interest-rate rises.

It should be noted that none of these loans comes with early repayment
clauses based on covenants.

Details of interest rate risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Notes 26.2.2).

Sensitivity analysis

Groupe SEB conducted a sensitivity analysis of data published in 2015
to assess the impact of euro-dollar exchange rate fluctuations on its
operating profit from ordinary activities and the effect of interest-rate
variations on profit before tax.

Concerning the euro-dollar exchange rate, as a regular buyer of dollars
or in “dollar zones” (raw materials, products sourced in Asia, etc.),
Groupe SEB has held a short position in this currency for several
years. The sensitivity analysis shows that a 1% change in the euro-
dollar exchange rate would have an impact of about €6 million on
the operating profit from ordinary activities. The Group also holds a
significant short position on the Chinese yuan. A 1% change in the
euro-yuan exchange rate would have an impact of about €4 million on
the operating profit from ordinary activities. However, other important
operating currencies for the Group could also have a significant impact
on operating profit from operating activities. These include the yen,
the rouble, the Brazilian real, the pound sterling, the Turkish lira, the
Korean won, the Polish zloty, and the Mexican peso.

As at 31 December 2015, Groupe SEB held 1,074,453 treasury shares
for a total value of €71.2 million. This treasury stock is deducted from
shareholders’ equity at acquisition cost.

Based on the closing price of the SEB share as at 31 December 2015
(€94.60), the market value of treasury stock was €101.6 million (this
market value has no impact on the Group’s Consolidated Financial
Statements). A 10% increase or decrease in the share price would
therefore have led to a €10.0 million change in the fair value of treasury
stock. This change has no impact on the consolidated income
statement or shareholders’ equity.

Further information on share risks is given in Note 26.2.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. This data also takes account
of risk on the Supor share which is quoted on the Shenzhen stock
market.

This sensitivity analysis does not take into account the impact of
currency exchange fluctuations on the competitiveness of the European
manufacturing base, which still accounts for a large percentage of the
Group’s production: a strong euro in relation to most other currencies,
notably the US dollar, makes European manufacturing more expensive
than production in dollar zones, and thus acts as a curb on exports.
Conversely, a stronger dollar is a source of better competitiveness
for our European manufacturing base. Since Groupe SEB relies less
on sourced finished products than its competitors, its exposure to
the US dollar (which remains the standard currency for purchasing
outsourced products) is ultimately less than that of other companies.

With regard to interest rates, sensitivity analysis shows that the impact
of a change of 100 base points in short-term interest rates on profit
before tax would be €3.0 million, based on 2015 Group debt.

Notes 26.2.1, 26.2.2 and 26.2.3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements provide additional information on the Group's sensitivity to
currency fluctuations, changes in interest rates and raw material prices.

20 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015


--- Page 16 ---

Insurance

GROUP GENERAL INSURANCE COVER

Groupe SEB's policy concerning insurance cover is, on the one hand,
to protect its assets against risks that could affect the Group and,
on the other, to cover its liability for any damages caused to third
parties. This transfer of risk to insurance companies is nonetheless
accompanied by risk protection and prevention measures. For
confidentiality reasons, the amount of the premiums is not disclosed.

INTEGRATED WORLDWIDE COVER

The Group has established worldwide insurance plans with major
international insurers to protect itself against major risks, which include
damage to property and loss of earnings, civil liability, environment,
transport and inventory and customer risks.

DAMAGE TO ASSETS AND LOSS OF EARNINGS

Cover for risk of damage to property and consequent loss of earnings
due to the customary risks (fire, flooding, etc.) amounts to €250 million
per claim for factories and warehouses.

This figure was calculated using the Maximum Foreseeable Loss
hypothesis in consultation with the insurer and its assessors who
analysed the impact of the total destruction of one of the Group's main
production centres. Lower thresholds are in place for other categories
of more specific or localised risk, such as the risk of earthquake in
certain regions where the Group operates abroad.

This insurance cover takes into consideration additional risk protection
measures at Group sites, which are regularly visited by specialist risk
prevention assessors from the insurance companies concerned.

CIVIL LIABILITY

All the Group's subsidiaries are included in a worldwide civil liability
insurance scheme that covers liability relating to their operations and
the products that they manufacture or distribute, as well as the cost
of product recalls.

Significant events and litigation

There were no exceptional events or litigation proceedings other
than those referred to in Note 29.1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

In the past 12 months, other than the proceedings reflected in the
financial statements or described in the accompanying notes, there

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2015 - GROUPE SEB = 21

Introduction to the Group
Risk factors

Cover amounts are based on reasonable estimates of the risks
incurred by the Group in view of its business.

The Group also covers its management for civil liability under a specific
insurance policy.

ENVIRONMENT

Amulti-risk environmental insurance policy covers environmental risks
on all Group sites.

Cover applies to:

® accidental, historical and gradual pollution;
lm damage to biodiversity;

@ depollution costs.

TRANSPORT AND INVENTORY

The Group's transport insurance covers damage to transported
merchandise for all types of transport: sea, road/rail or air transport
anywhere in the world.

This insurance covers transport risks up to an amount of €10 million
per loss occurrence.

It also covers incidents occurring at warehouses up to a maximum
of €15 million, with any amount over this limit being covered by the
policy for damage to property and loss of earnings.

CUSTOMER RISK

With rare exceptions relating to local issues, the Group’s subsidiaries
have taken out credit risk insurance under a Group scheme to cover
the majority of their risk on customer receivables.

LOCAL INSURANCE POLICIES

More specific insurance policies are taken out locally by each of the
Group's companies, as appropriate.

have been no other government, legal or arbitration proceedings
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of
which the Group is aware) which may have or have had significant
effects on the Group and/or its financial position or profitability.
