

--- Page 1 ---

1

14

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

GROUP STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

> 1. Group strategy
and market opportunities

Schneider Electric, the global specialist in energy management and automation with operations in over 100 countries,
brings together its expertise and solutions to make sure that Life is On for its customers and that energy is safe,

reliable, efficient, connected and sustainable.

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization enrich our lives but they are also escalating energy and resource
consumption worldwide. New technologies enabling for the first time distributed and connected energy, challenge
us to redefine the way we live. As the leader in energy management and automation, Schneider Electric helps its
customers achieve more with less resources in a more connected, distributed and smart world and where the need
for energy will continue to increase. Schneider Electric provides innovative technologies, solutions and services for its
customers to achieve the most efficient and sustainable use of their resources, assets, processes and infrastructures.

11 Our mission

At Schneider Electric, our mission is to serve our customers by
developing innovative products and solutions that simplify the
lives of those who use them. We bring together our expertise and
solutions to drive new possibilities for efficiency and savings.

As the global specialist in energy management and automation,
we are committed to worldwide improvement in connectivity,
sustainability, efficiency, reliability and safety in five primary areas:
in our homes, in our cities, in our industries, in our buildings, and
in the cloud.

Our intent is to make sure that Life is On for everyone, everywhere
and at every moment with our technology. We ensure that energy is
on for our customers and that it is:

© safe: protecting people and assets;

reliable: guaranteeing ultra-secure, ultra-pure and uninterrupted
power especially for critical applications;

efficient: delivering solutions adapted to the specific needs
of each market that simplify customers’ life and improve their
efficiency and productivity;

sustainable: helping customers build a sustainable future by
using less of their resources and minimizing the impact on the
environment; and

connected: leveraging new opportunities with the convergence
of Operational Technology (OT) and Information Technology (IT).

1.2Megatrends in our environment are creating opportunities

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization continue to shape
our lives as new economies are built and established economies
are transformed. These three megatrends will create many new
opportunities for Schneider Electric.

Urbanization

Cities today are the home to 50% of the world’s population,
consume 75% of global energy consumption and give off 80% of
greenhouse gas emissions. Cities are growing: by 2050, they cities
house an additional 2.5 billion people. Cities face urban challenges
of unprecedented scale: scarcity of resources such as energy and
water, environmental pressure and pollution, aging and overloaded
infrastructure, traffic congestion; and security concerns.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

All over the world, cities need to become smarter: more efficient,
more liveable and more sustainable. This means:

° improving the efficiency of the city’s underlying urban
infrastructures, from the electricity grid to water distribution
systems, via public transportation systems, services... and
exchange of data and information across departments;

* becoming a better place to live, work and play;

° reducing its environmental impact — lower carbon footprint,
reduce energy consumption and urban regeneration.

So what cities need today are solutions to their most acute pain-
points that: deliver the services and savings that constituents deserve,
provide visible, measurable results that promote attractiveness; and
have a low upfront investment, because cities across the world need
to balance their budgets.


--- Page 2 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Schneider Electric delivers urban efficiency as a trusted partner to
drive collaboration and buy-in of all stakeholders - local and regional
governments, private companies, utilities, real estate developers,
and investors. We provide comprehensive solutions by bringing in
proven technology, integrating operating and information systems,
and enabling a connected, unified approach to decision-making.
Schneider Electric already works with more than 250 cities across
the world, and helps provide visible benefits to cities and their
inhabitants:

© up to 30% energy savings;
© up to 15% reduction in water losses;
© as well as environmental, social and economic benefits.

Industrialization

Industrialization is driven by the increase in the number of factories
in New Economies, by higher demand for goods, and by efficiency
improvements as well as retrofit in mature countries

Manufacturing activities rise as new economies develop. In
2015, new economies represented 39% of world GDP - and
this should reach close to 52% by 2030. Industrialisation in these
economies will continue in the medium term. Population growth in
new economies is also driving increased needs for manufactured
goods, with 1.8 billion people entering the global consuming class
by 2025. Capex in new economies will also continue to increase in
the medium term from 53% of world Capex in 2015 to close to 57%
by 2030. At the same time energy needs will increase accordingly.
The share of global energy demand of non-OECD countries will
continue to rise — from 60% in 2014 to close to 66% by 2030 —
increasing demographics growth, industrialization, urbanization,
and reflecting affluence.

In many mature countries, as most companies are looking for
efficiency gains and facility upgrades, services and other attributes
in manufacturing characteristics (e.g. innovation, time to market,
loT) are also becoming more important and driving additional
growth potential. Industries account for one-third of the total world
energy consumption. This global industrial energy use is projected
to double by 2050 in the absence of any new environmental
measures. Even with the ambitious emissions reduction policy
changes, the International Energy Agency estimates that we will still
see an increase of at least 50% by 2050. In face of these challenges,
over 100 companies committed to 100% renewable power during
the COP21 through the RE100 initiative.

The growing trend towards increasing of industrialization promises
business growth and expansion opportunities. Schneider Electric
will continue its focus on innovative solutions and to identify
opportunities for further services development, in order to
contribute towards efficiency and sustainability improvements
in these markets. For long-term sustainable development in new
economies, Schneider Electric will continue to focus on combining

GROUP STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

its global value chain with local partnerships to contribute toward the
economic development through job creation and poverty reduction,
in addition to investments in production capacity and physical &
technological infrastructure to meet the growing demands for
standardized and cost efficient offerings.

Digitization

In the past 20 years, the Internet has connected 3.2 billion
people together. In the coming ten years, this number will double.
Additionally the Internet will connect 50 billion devices over the
next five years. The increase in connectivity and access to real-
time information is changing our personal and professional lives:
companies are digitizing their operations, often times through SaaS
providers; customers are expecting to have everything online,
from e-training to e-ordering and digital customer service centers;
lastly, and employees are increasingly using online platforms and
tools to collaborate more efficiently across different countries and
time zones. Digitization is changing the way we work and creating
opportunities for new services.

In energy management, operational technology (OT), the world
of physical equipment control, is converging with information
technology (IT), the world of information processing. Products are
now connected and can be remotely controlled and optimized.
This results in the feasibility of actively implementing active
energy efficiency, which creates new business models and new
opportunities in smart products, systems and services — such as
smart grid and smart factories.

Asmarter grid combines smarter supply (the efficient integration of
renewable and distributed energy sources and flexible distribution),
smarter demand (energy-efficient sites and homes, connected to
the grid), and demand response to balance the two. Schneider
Electric is active in five key domains which form a smart grid:
flexible distribution, renewable energy integration, efficient buildings,
electric vehicle charging infrastructure and demand-response.
Microgrids and distributed energy resources (DER) — small-scale
renewable energy sources and energy storage — allow consumers
to produce their own energy and shift to a greener energy mix. The
costs of both solar and storage have been dropping by a factor
of five in the past few years, and analysts expect the renewable
sector to account for up to 50% of new capacity additions by
2030. Schneider Electric is supporting the development of new
battery storage technologies and in 2015 announced EcoBlade, a
smart and scalable energy storage solution for all customer needs.
Acquisitions have also considerably strengthened our offering, from
Areva’s Distribution business to Energy Pool and Vizelia in 2010,
and the acquisition of Summit Energy and Telvent in 2011.

The smart manufacturing enterprise is made up of smart machines,
plants and operations with higher levels of embedded intelligence.
Connectivity based on open and standard Internet protocols
and cloud technologies with integrated cybersecurity enables

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 15


--- Page 3 ---

1

16

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

GROUP STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

the use of advanced analytics and mobile technology to unlock
higher efficiency and profitability, as well as improved security. For
example, real time data analytics allows for predictive maintenance
and improved Asset Performance Management, while augmented
reality helps maintenance operators improve productivity and
minimize downtime. Together with OT sensors and control devices,
industrial software is the core of smart factories. With the acquisition
of Invensys, Schneider Electric has significantly strengthened its
industrial software offering, especially in operations management, for
process management as well as industrial automation applications.

In addition to continuously innovating and digitizing our offerings,
Schneider Electric aims to provide the best-in-class digital
experience to our customers and partners, such as a 24x7

1.3 Group strategy

As a leader in energy management and automation, Schneider
Electric is at the forefront to capture these megatrends with an
extensive energy management and automation offer that it delivers
globally through complementary business models and access
channels.

Leveraging the world’s new energy challenges

The quest for economic growth and development is straining our
planet's resources. The world is facing many energy challenges:
scarcity of natural resources, CO, emissions reduction requirements,
integration of unpredictable and intermittent renewable sources of
energy, higher in peaks of consumption and others. In its World
Energy Outlook, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates
that the various energy efficiency policies that are being introduced
in many countries across the world could account for about 70%
of the reduction in projected global energy demand in 2035,
and 68% of the cumulative global savings in CO, emissions. This
compares with a 46% increase in global energy demand by 2035
if nothing changes.

Boosting energy efficiency in the three major energy-consuming
sectors (industry, buildings and residential) could help a country
reduce its overall energy use by 15% to 25% — in effect, providing
a very attractive business case in both mature and new economies.
energy efficiency also offers an excellent payback: according to
the IEA, every euro invested, in particular in buildings, would yield
EUR1.60 in energy savings. Schneider Electric has developed a
wide range of products and solutions that will provide homeowners
and managers of industrial plants, data centers, infrastructure and
buildings with significant levels of energy efficiency and savings.

Our building automation solutions can save up to 30% of a
building's energy needs, significantly improving a company’s carbon
footprint, while delivering savings on its charges, with limited upfront
investment.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

dynamic sales & marketing channel and a tailored customer service
experience. Digitization is at the core of the Group’s strategy and
Schneider Electric is committed to support the digital transformation
of its customers and its partners.

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization are creating many
new opportunities for Schneider Electric, from the growing needs
in terms of automation and connectivity to the massive entitlement
of energy efficiency that recquires an optimized use of resources.
Schneider Electric will continue to play a leading role in the
movement toward a more efficient, sustainable, and connected
world.

Our smart grid solutions help electricity producers and distributors
to improve the efficiency of their assets and to offer a better service
to their customers. This also contributes to the improvement in
the operation of the grid and the reduction in investment in new
generation capacity.

Serving our customers’ increasing need for
automation in key market segments

The rapid industrialization taking place in new economies and the
need to modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies
create significant opportunities for growth. Coupled with this, large
corporations are looking to improve operational efficiency across
the whole enterprise, while at the same time improving security and
safety for operators and the environment.

With the recent acquisition of Invensys, Schneider Electric enjoys
a strong position both in discrete and process automation and is
well-placed to address these challenges. We leverages the Group
extensive software capabilities to help customers in key industries,
such as mining, oil & gas, food-processing or cement plants,
improve their productivity and operational efficiency, reduce their
energy consumption and optimize their use of resources.

Schneider Electric also helps machine manufacturers in markets
such as materials handling or packaging develop reliable, fast,
precise and efficient machines. Our application design engineers
optimise the machine's performance and reduce the length of the
design cycle, shortening the machine builder's time-to-market.

Supporting the digital transformation
of customers and partners

The convergence of operational technology (OT) and information
technology (IT) creates many new opportunities for customers.
It makes their life easier, increases productivity, creates new
business models that provides new value propositions for their own
customers. Digitization is at the heart of their future growth. Through


--- Page 4 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

continuous innovation, Schneider Electric engineers products and
solutions that help them unlock this potential.

Schneider Electric builds native connectivity into its product
offerings, delivers a full range of digital services to help customers’
extract value from their data and provides and the best customer
experience to its customers and partners.

Leveraging the opportunity from new
economies

Countries in Asia (excluding Japan), Latin America (including
Mexico), the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe (including
Russia), which we refer to collectively as « new economies »
will continue to experience accelerated development in the
medium-term as they catch up with more mature economies.
As a result of the industrialization, urbanization, digitization and
development processes that these countries are experiencing, we
expect these markets of their economies to continue to have a
medium-term need for the products and solutions that we
provide. Our goal is to leverage this opportunity by expanding
our geographical coverage in these markets, by increasing our
presence in new cities, and further penetrating these markets, with
mid-market segment offerings that are supported by strong brands
with wide local coverage. We have made a long-term commitment
to, and investment in, these economies.

As of December 31, 2015, the Group had over 92,338 employees
in new economies and, during 2015, our new economies-based
purchasing and manufacturing costs accounted for approximately
54% of our industrial costs. Schneider Electric is well positioned to
support the medium term needs of new economies in Asia, Africa,
the Middle East, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Russia. The
decision to split our Executive Committee into three management
hubs, a pioneering management decision, allows us to be close to
our customers in all markets — remaining local while being global.
Our long-term commitment helps us build an intimate knowledge
of these markets and we believe that the strength of our brands,
our competitive local supply chain and the development of local
marketing and R&D capabilities are our competitive advantages in
these economies:

Building two complementary business models:
Products, and Solutions

Products and, solutions are different and complementary business
models and we aim to deliver profitable growth in both.

GROUP STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Products allow the Group us to continue to achieve scale and pricing
power. In order to reinforce our leadership position and continue to
grow, we leverage technology to offer connected, market leading
products and to create new opportunities for distributors and direct
partners in a win-win relationship.

Solutions and Services allow us to generate additional growth and
profits, lower capital intensity and help reduce cyclicality. They
provide significant opportunities to develop greater customer
intimacy and stickiness through dialogue with final end users, which
in turn helps inform our quest for continuous innovation. The Group
has developed reference architectures for solutions in targeted end-
markets in order to facilitate the smooth integration of our products
and speed up project design and we have a unique software suite
to optimize enterprise performance, StruxureWareTM, providing
our customers with full but simple control and management of their
operations. Schneider Electric also supports the productivity and
peace of mind of our customers with an extensive range of digital
services and maintenance services delivered by a network of over
10,000 qualified technicians.

Investing in profitable and responsible growth
while driving efficiency

We believe in the high long-term growth potential of our business
and Schneider Electric continuously invests to drive that growth.
This investment is focused on sustained spending on research and
development, as well as on growing our commercial presence and
skills, especially in the fields of high value-added technologies and
services.

In addition to our commitment to organic growth, the Group has
invested in, companies, joint ventures, strategic alliances and
mergers that have reinforced our global leadership, provided
skills in geared towards energy management and automation, or
related to local businesses in new economies. Certain of our recent
acquisitions have been of significant size and scope, such as our
purchase of Invensys in 2014, Telvent in 2011 or Areva’s Distribution
division in 2010, while other acquisition targets have been more
modest.

In addition to the investments we make to foster growth, driving
efficiency at all levels of our Company is an equally important focus
for the Group. We continuously seek to generate savings from
purchasing and manufacturing and through improving operational
efficiency by reducing selling, general and administrative expenses,
while maintaining best-in-class standards in environmental
sustainability and social responsibility.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1/7


--- Page 5 ---

1 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

GROUP STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

1.4 Group competitive strengths

Schneider Electric is a leader in technology innovation and adapts
to changing ecosystems and customer needs.

Technological leadership in energy
management and automation

We are developing best-in-class technology in energy management
and automation to meet growing customer needs and challenges.
We estimate that nearly 80% of our revenue is derived from sales in
businesses where Schneider Electric enjoy as number one or two
market position: low voltage distribution, medium voltage distribution
and grid automation, discrete industrial automation and control,
critical power and cooling. We design products and solutions that
we believe offer the best levels of safety, reliability and efficiency
in our markets. This is achieved through significant investment in
research and development, which supports our innovative product
offerings and our ability to offer our customers market-leading
solutions that seamlessly integrate the different technologies in our
portfolio. As a result, our products and solutions meet the needs
of our customers for simplicity, connectivity, flexibility, productivity
and efficiency. Additionally, through an ongoing dialogue with our
customers, we are able to maintain our very high standards of
quality and to anticipate the innovation that will help drive our future
growth. Thanks to this technological leadership, the Group's major
brands are among the most recognized in our industry.

Multiple access channels to a broad and diffuse
user base

We work with many types of partners, such as distributors, system
integrators, contractors, panel builders, electricians, machine
manufacturers and others, as well as with our end customers.

1 8 2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

The Group has developed the widest network of distribution and
direct partners in its industry. This provides us with many access
channels to a market comprised of a broad and diffuse user base.
These diverse market access channels, which support our model
with limited capital investment, help to ensure that we are not
dependent on a limited number of large customers.

Success in this industry requires strong, long-term relationships
with our distribution partners and end customers and the Group
is therefore constantly seeking to enhance the value that we add.
For example, we provide training for our partners and participate
in industry efforts to improve applicable regulations and safety
certifications. These efforts and relationships also help to reinforce
our reputation as a trusted partner and allow us to benefit from solid
pricing power.

Global reach with a unique local presence

We have operations in more than 100 countries, providing a
balanced geographical exposure on a global basis. Due to our large
footprint, we are one of the few partners of multinational companies
that look for the highest standards of technology and quality for
their energy management equipment in all their operations around
the world. This allows us to provide an optimal service to our global
customers. In addition, we have deep-rooted local presence and
strong partnerships in all countries to serve our highly-dispersed
part of our customer base. Lastly, with 43% of our revenues in new
economies in 2015, the Group believes it is positioned to capture
the higher growth potential of these markets. Our presence in many
diverse markets ensures that we understand local needs, which
assists us in serving our customers in each country with dedicated
products and solutions adapted to local requirements.


--- Page 6 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS.

> 2. Businesses, end-markets
and customer channels

Schneider Electric is organized in four businesses - Buildings & Partner, Infrastructure, Industry, and IT - and
operates in four principal markets: non-residential & residential buildings, utilities & infrastructure, industry & machine

manufacturers, and data centers & networks.

The Group manages multiple market access channels built on strong partnerships.

2.1. Leadership positions in our businesses

Schneider Electric operations are organized in four businesses:
Buildings & Partner, Infrastructure, Industry, and IT.

The Buildings & Partner business: Number 1
Worldwide in Low Voltage and Building
Automation

Low voltage ("LV") electrical distribution products and solutions
address the needs of all end markets from residential to commercial
buildings, spanning across industries, infrastructures and data
centers. The offer portfolio is extensive and includes: protection
functions (such as circuit breakers), power monitoring and control,
power meters, electrical enclosures, busways, cable management
systems, power factor correction, products for living spaces (such
as wiring devices, network connectivity, home automation and
building controls), as well as renewable energy conversion and
connection equipment and electric vehicle charging infrastructures.

Building Automation facilitates comfort and energy efficiency
in non-residential buildings through automation and security
systems, including Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning (“HVAC”)
controllers, sensors, valves and actuators, programmable
regulators, centralized building management systems, space
optimization solutions, access control, video cameras and security
monitoring equipment.

The Industry business: Number 1 Worldwide,
in Process Safety Systems, Number 2

in Discrete Industrial Automation and
Number 4 in Discrete and Process Automation

The historical Industry business scope is Discrete Automation,
which provides comprehensive products and solutions for the
automation and control of machines, manufacturing plants and
industrial sites. It includes hardware, such as motion controllers,
variable speed drives, motor starters and contactors, human-
machine interface (“HMI”) operator panels, programmable logic

controllers (“PLC”), push buttons and signaling devices and
discrete sensors, as well as software for operations management
and supervisory control systems. With the acquisition of Invensys
in 2014, the Industry business has expanded in the field of
Process Automation, gaining a strong installed base in Distributed
Control Systems and Instrumentation, notably under the Foxboro
brand, and Safety Systems (under the Triconex brand), as well
as a strong industrial software offer for manufacturing operations
management (Wonderware), modeling/simulation (SimSci) and
asset management (Avantis).

The IT Business: Number 1 Worldwide
in Critical Power and Cooling

The IT Business specializes in critical power products and solutions
for data centers and other applications where power continuity
and quality is essential. The portfolio includes single-phase and
three-phase Uninterruptable Power Supplies (“UPS”), plug-in surge
protection, IT enclosures, power distribution units, security and
cooling systems, services and software management.

The Infrastructure business: Number 1
Worldwide in Medium Voltage & Grid
Automation

Infrastructure specializes in medium voltage (MV) and grid
automation products and solutions. That includes primary and
secondary medium voltage switchgear, transformers, electrical
network protection and automation, remote control, and MV/LV
complete substations. It also includes software for the integrated
management of mission-critical infrastructure and Advanced Grid
Solutions, such as Distribution Management Software (DMS),
Operation Management Software (OMS), Supervisory Control And
Data Acquisition (SCADA) software, pipeline management, and
traffic management. This offer can be delivered both through direct
and indirect channels leading to various delivery models ranging
from transactional sale to complete project delivery.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 19


--- Page 7 ---

1

20

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

2.2__Serving four attractive end markets

Schneider Electric serves customers in four principal markets:
© Non-residential & Residential Buildings;

° Utilities and Infrastructures;

® Industries and Machine Manufacturers;

* Data Centers and Networks.

Non-residential and residential buildings

The non-residential buildings market includes public, commercial
and industrial buildings such as offices, hotels, hospitals, shopping
malls, schools, sports and cultural centers. Because this sector is
energy intensive, energy efficiency is key and is subject to new and
demanding regulations. Specific requirements have to be met in
terms of occupant comfort, safety and environmental friendliness,
as do the needs of owners and building managers seeking to
reduce investment costs and optimize maintenance and operating
costs. Schneider Electric’s non-residential customers include end-
users, property developers, design firms, systems integrators,
panel! builders and installers, electrical equipment distributors and
building management companies.

In the context of single-family homes and apartment buildings,
Schneider Electric’s market is driven both by renovation and
refurbishment needs, particularly in mature economies, as well as by
construction, particularly in new economies. Whether for renovation
or construction, the underlying challenge is to reconcile technical
constraints, local standards and regulations with consumer
preferences. They not only desire comfort and aesthetics, but
increasingly, energy efficiency, connectivity, security and monitoring
services as well. Residential customers include mainly electricians,
architects and decorators, those involved in the home automation
industry, lighting and security firms, construction firms, contractors,
electrical equipment distributors and large do-it-yourself (“DIY”)
stores, as well as end-users and home owners.

Utilities and infrastructures

Current global challenges in the utilities and infrastructure market
include increasing energy demand, the need for increased energy
efficiency to reduce environmental impact, and the development
of renewable energy sources on the grid causing more stability
concerns. This market also faces changes in regulations, particularly

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

those regarding demand response, and the growing need for
security, reliability, and real-time control to ensure efficiency &
stability. We believe these challenges provide long-term growth
prospects for Schneider Electric. Our main customers in this market
include energy operators, water utilities, the owners and operators
of transportation and oil & gas infrastructure and municipalities.

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our energy solutions enable us to serve almost all segments
of the industries and machine manufacturers market, including
mines, cement plants, the food-processing industry and material
handling and packaging machines. With Invensys, we have
reinforced our presence in the refining, petrochemical and oil &
gas industries. Energy efficiency is at the heart of the challenges
facing these industries, which include the reduction of production
costs, compliance with new regulations, and the reduction of the
environmental impact of industrial activity. In addition, both the rapid
industrialization taking place in new economies and the need to
modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies create
significant opportunities for growth. Our customers include end
users and professional intermediaries, engineering firms, systems
integrators, OEMs, electro-intensive industries, pane! builders and
electrical distributors.

Data centers and networks

Data centers are secure, precision-cooled sites containing
Information Technology (IT) equipment that processes and
stores very large quantities of digital data. These sites are the nerve
centers of businesses and the public sector. The expansion of data
centers requires a significant increase in electricity to accommodate
the IT equipment's operation and cooling, as the amount of energy
needed to cool these rooms has become comparable to the
amount of energy needed to operate the equipment itself.

Schneider Electric believes that data centers and networks are a
high-potential market due to the growing digitalization of professional
and personal activities. With the development of internet giants
and cloud computing, the physical infrastructure of data centers
tends to be increasingly the business of dedicated players with high
performance expectations.


--- Page 8 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS.

2.3 Products and Solutions, two complementary business models

The businesses in each of our four business segments offer
products and solutions. Solutions are comprised of systems, such
as highly customized products or combinations of our products,
and services. Our Products and Solutions businesses have
different revenue growth and profitability profiles, with our Solutions
business complementing our Products business. Solutions is also
an important platform to develop our presence in Services, where
we can deliver higher added value more frequently and lower capital
requirements.

Product business model

We believe our products offer best-in-class technology, strong
channel access to markets and optimal quality and cost, which

2.4 Multiple accesses to markets

allows us to achieve scale and pricing advantages in the markets
in which we operate. We market and sell our products principally
through distributors and direct partners, such as contractors,
system integrators and electricians, who provide us with the ability
to reach large numbers of small and medium-sized customers.

Solutions business model

We believe our solutions offer leading technology, strong integration
and service capabilities and segment-specific expertise. We market
and sell our solutions through direct partners, such as contractors
and system integrators, or directly to larger customers.

Customer satisfaction

Customer satisfaction is an integral part of Schneider Electric’s growth strategy. Every contact with Schneider Electric
should be a positive experience that makes all customers, no matter who they are or where they are located, feel
understood and satisfied. This commitment is an important differentiating factor, and customer satisfaction surveys
are regularly carried out in all countries in which the Group operates, and employees attend related training programs.

Customers also have access to online diagnostics and support services (an e-catalogue, downloadable software and

online information and training).

Alarge portion of Group revenues are made through intermediaries
such as distributors, systems integrators, installers and purchasing
advisors, who all bring their own added value and know-how,
allowing the Group to access a number of different markets.

Distributors & retailers

Distributors account for approximately 40% of the Group's total
revenues through an extensive network in 190 countries all over
the world

Schneider Electric works with many different types of distributors:
local distributors, electrical wholesalers and generalist distributors,
large international groups such as Rexel, Sonepar, Graybar and
Grainger, and IT specialists such as Tech Data and Ingram Micro
in the United States. In the residential renovation sector, Schneider
Electric also sells products through large home improvement chains
such as Home Depot and Lowes in the US, Kingfisher in the UK
and Saint-Gobain Distribution in France. In addition, the Group
uses specialized distribution channels for highly technical products
such as automation solutions and industrial software, as well as for
access control and security products.

Schneider Electric assists its distributors in advising their customers
and helping them to benefit from technical innovations. To maintain
a high performance network, the Group works hand in hand
with distributors on supply chain issues, technical training and
marketing. Internet tools now occupy a dominant position for sales,
and above all, provide up-to-date information. Through the e-Shop,
distributors can link Schneider Electric's product database to their
e-commerce sites so that customers have reliable 24/7 access to
information.

Other intermediaries & partners

Panel builders

Panel builders build and sell electrical distribution or control/
monitoring switchboards, primarily for the buildings, energy and
electricity infrastructure markets and industry. Their main customers
are contractors. Panel builders mostly buy low and medium voltage
devices, such as circuit breakers and contactors, and increasingly,
prefabricated systems. There are more than 20,000 panel-builders
throughout the world.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 21


--- Page 9 ---

1

22

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

Contractors

To design solutions tailored to end-users’ specific needs, Schneider
Electric works closely with contractors, small specialists or generalist
electricians, large companies that install equipment and systems.

Electricians & DIY stores

Electricians design and perform electrical installations, primarily in
residential and small non-residential buildings. Schneider Electric
supports electricians to operate more efficiently through a suite of
digital tools and technical support. Schneider Electric strengthens
its relationship with electricians by increasing their visibility to
end-users through different marketing actions including “installer
locators” on Schneider Electric's website. Schneider Electric has
one of the most comprehensive network of electricians worldwide.

DIY stores are a key channel to bring visibility of Schneider Electric’s
offers to consumers as well as electricians. Schneider Electric
ensures that it assists them in marketing programs digitally on their
e-commerce sites as well as in their physical stores.

All of the partners mentioned above add their own bring value for
end-customers, first by advising them on the choice of solutions that
best suit their needs and then by installing efficient systems thanks to
a suite of web-based digital tools called “Building Life Management”.
The main objective for Schneider Electric is to support them in the
rapid development of solutions and technologies for the residential
market: lighting, temperature and door/window management
systems, recharging equipment for electric vehicles and renewable
energy solutions.

In order to strengthen a relationship based on mutual trust and
added value, Schneider Electric partners actively with contractors,
providing technical training and support. To maximize our business
impact we have a multichannel communication model through
personal and digital means, thanks to our Partner Relationship
Management (PRM) platform.

In this regard, the EcoXpert program aims to secure special
partnerships with certain specialized contractors, with whom
Schneider Electric shares all its expertise on renewable energy and
energy efficiency solutions and services. The EcoXpert network is
being developed in many countries throughout the world.

Systems integrators

System integrators design, develop and support automation
systems to meet their customers’ needs for the performance,
reliability, precision and efficiency of their operations. By providing
global coverage and local contacts, they offer their clients a high
degree of flexibility.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Schneider Electric has considerably expanded its automation
line-up, giving systems integrators access to a powerful platform
covering all areas of automation, from field control to Manufacturing
Execution Systems (MES).

Specialists

To meet their customers’ growing demand for comfort, ergonomics
and design, specialists (engineers, architects and design firms) are
constantly looking for more efficient and better integrated solutions
for energy management, as well as for access control, security, and
building automation.

They are therefore essential partners for Schneider Electric's growth,
notably in the high-potential buildings and residential markets, which
include the construction and renovation of single-family homes and
apartment buildings.

Schneider Electric provides many information and training tools for
specialists, such as dedicated showrooms, electrical installation
guides, installation design software and training methods.

End-users

Original Equipment Manufacturers

Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) continuously seek
to improve machine price/performance and time-to-market in
segments ranging from packaging to textiles, conveyors, materials
handling, hoisting and HVAC. Schneider Electric is one of the
market leader in these segments, and works closely with almost
5,000 OEMs. The Group leverages its expertise and know-how to
nurture these special partnerships. This is mainly achieved through:

© an extensive knowledge of OEM applications;

© acontinuous R&D effort to develop innovative, high-performance
and cost-effective offers and solutions continues at a high pace.
In 2015, no fewer than 30 brand new ranges were launched,
more than double the pace of 2014;

dedicated centers of excellence that offer the most competitive
solutions for new machines, in particular, pre-tested, pre-
developed and personalized solutions;

international customer support to deliver high-performance after-
sales service worldwide;

a dedicated program for multi-site and/or global OEMs that
enhances their ability to offer superior solutions on an international
scale.


--- Page 10 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Other large end-users and strategic accounts

Schneider Electric also addresses customers directly in a number of
end-markets, including in particular:

© Automotive, where the Group serves large automotive equipment
manufacturers;

Cloud & Finance, in which the Group provides comprehensive
solutions for customers including internet giants, as well as in
telecoms, co-location, and finance sub-segments;

in Healthcare, the Group serves hospitals, clinics, labs, and life
sciences manufacturing;

Food & Beverage, in which the Group serves customers in
various types of food processing industries;

Mining, Minerals & Metals which includes customers in mining,
cement, metals, and other bulk materials;

Oil & Gas, in which the Group provides integrated solutions
and high performance systems, software and services to oil
companies and EPCs, from production to processing and supply
chain;

2.5 Competitive landscape

The main global competitors of Schneider Electric, by technology,
are:

© low-voltage and building automation: ABB, Siemens, Eaton,
Legrand;

¢ medium voltage distribution & grid automation: ABB,
Siemens;

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS.

in Utilities, the Group serves companies producing, delivering,
and/or selling electricity to customers;

° Water & Waste Water includes customers across the entire water
cycle, from water resources to water distribution, sewerage and
treatment.

Schneider Electric has established a dedicated organization
for global customers, so-called « strategic accounts », with the
purpose of developing privileged relationships with them. To meet
these customer expectations, the Group offers « preferred supplier
contracts » and dedicated customer support to ensure that they
receive services of the highest quality.

This organization is based on short lines of communication and
decision-making, rapid mobilization of Group resources throughout
the world, and dedicated teams in which management is directly
involved.

Schneider Electric serves 89 global customers including Apple,
BHP Billiton, EDF, ExxonMobil, Nestlé and Veolia Environnement.

e discrete and process automation: Siemens, Rockwell

Automation; ABB; Emerson;
© critical power & cooling for IT and non-IT applications:
Emerson, Eaton.
Other regional and emerging market competitors include: Chint,
Weg, Larsen & Toubro and Delta.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 23


--- Page 11 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
AMBITIOUS LONG-TERM FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR ATTRACTIVE SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

1

> 3. Ambitious long-term financial
targets for attractive shareholder
returns

Schneider Electric's opportunities, strategy and business positioning have led its management to define ambitious long-term targets for the
company. Over the long term, the key priorities remain focused on profitable growth, cash conversion and capital efficiency.

Two sets of targets have been defined: business performance targets and capital efficiency targets.

Across the economic cycle ') performance targets:

© Average organic revenue growth: 3 to 6% across the cycle

¢ Adjusted EBITA: margin between 13% and 17% of revenues

© Cash conversion: c.100% of net profit converted into free cash flow

Across the business cycle capital efficiency targets:

¢ ROCE ®: between 11% and 15%

© Dividend: payout c.50% of net income

© Capital structure: retain a strong investment grade credit rating

At its Investor Day in February 2015, the company also highlighted
its growth initiatives and near term business focus. The focus will be

© Progressive dividend policy:
In line with the objective of strong EPS growth, a progressive

on organic growth, improving the returns on the recent investments
and optimizing the portfolio and capital structure.

Hence the following objectives were defined:

dividend policy is set with no year-on-year decline of dividend,
showing the Group’s confidence on its future growth prospects.
The dividend payout ratio will remain c.50% of Net income. The

base of calculation will exclude one offs such as capital gains or
losses and, or assets impairments.

Objective to improve ROCE in the next 2-3 years:

Margin improvement targeted:

The Group confirms its 13-17% long-term adjusted EBITA margin
range and targets a margin improvement over the 3 years (2015-
2017) driven by operating leverage and efficiency initiatives ©
highlighted in the new company program.

Profitable growth and capital efficiency will drive strong EPS
growth:

Strong EPS growth is targeted during the new company program
coming from the organic growth objective and efficiency initiatives
described in the program, a share buyback “! of EUR1.5 billion by
the end of 2016 and bolt-on M8A in our core and most profitable
businesses with strong EPS accretion and return on investment.

The Group has set as an objective the ROCE improvement
compared to the 2013 proforma ROCE including Invensys of
10.9%. In 2015, the ROCE reached 11.0%.

(1) Schneider Electric defines a business cycle as a period including a slowdown and an expansion, or a period in between. This concept allows
investors to estimate the Group's long-term growth potential across a business cycle. The length of a business cycle can vary and can not be
forecasted.

(2) ROCE is defined as: adjusted EBITA after tax/Average capital employed. Capital employed is defined as: shareholders’ equity + Net financial
debt + Adjustment for associates and financial assets. The tax rate will be adjusted for any tax advantages related to Invensys that ar not
included in the income statement.

(3) Includes industrial productivity and gross savings on support function costs.

(4) Share buyback including share buyback in order to cover employees share plans.

24 2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 12 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

> 4. Company history and development Cj

4

Histor

From its beginnings in steel during the Industrial Revolution
over 175 years ago, to electricity and, more recently, to energy
management, the Group has undertaken significant changes in its
operations throughout its history.

1836-1980: a Family Business becomes
a Major Player

1836: Brothers Adolphe and Joseph-Eugene Schneider take over
an abandoned foundry in Le Creusot, France and, two years later,
create Schneider & Cie, focusing primarily on the steel industry.
Schneider & Cie grows rapidly, specializing in the production of
heavy machinery and transportation equipment, and eventually
becomes the Schneider Group, a diversified conglomerate.

1975: the Schneider Group acquires an interest in Merlin Gerin,
one of the top manufacturers of electrical distribution equipment in
France that has been involved in the electricity sector since 1920.

1981-2001: the Schneider Group refocuses
on the Electricity Sector

1981-1997: Schneider Group refocuses on the electrical industry
by divesting its non-strategic assets, such as its public works

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

company, Spie Batignolles. Schneider Group undertakes a series
of strategic acquisitions: Telemecanique in 1988, Square D in 1991
and Merlin Gerin in 1992.

1999: Schneider Group acquires Lexel, one of Europe's largest
suppliers of installation systems and control solutions. In May 1999
the Group is renamed Schneider Electric, to clearly emphasize its
expertise in the electrical field.

Since 2002: a Strategic Transformation

At the turn of the 2000s, Schneider Electric radically rethinks its
growth strategy, setting itself three goals:

© ensuring a more balanced exposure to its strategic end markets;

enhancing its portfolio of historical operations (electricity
distribution, automation and industrial control) with adjacent
and synergetic businesses in order to boost its organic growth
potential; and

anticipating the future energy requirements of companies and
individuals.

This strategy led Schneider Electric to conduct a number of
strategic acquisitions both in mature countries and in new
economies targeting companies offering complementary products
and solutions.

4.2 From Power & Control to Energy Management

Strengthening its leadership in Low Voltage
Distribution

We have been a long-time leader through our Merlin Gerin and
Square D brands.

We have reinforced our Wiring Devices and ultra terminal offer
with several acquisitions: Clipsal in 2003, OVA, Merten and GET
in 2006, Marisio and Wessen in 2008.

We grew our portfolio in renewables conversion with Xantrex
in 2008.

We grew our presence in new economies with the acquisition of
Delixi in China, Conzerv in India (2009) and Steck group in Brazil
(2011).

Building a global leader in Medium
Voltage & Grid Automation

We have historically been one of the leading players in medium
voltage electrical distribution products and equipment.

With the acquisition of Areva T&D (Areva’s medium voltage
distribution division) in June 2010, we became world leader in
medium voltage and grid automation.

In 2010, the Group acquired 50% of Electroshield-T Samara, a
leading medium voltage company in Russia. In 2013, Schneider
Electric acquired full ownership of this company, transforming
Russia into a key market for the Group and enhancing our
capacity to be a key player in the oil, gas and mining industry, as
well as to develop energy efficiency and smart grid.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 25


--- Page 13 ---

1

26

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

¢ With the acquisition of Telvent in 2011, a Spanish software
company with a strong presence in North America, we became
global leader in ADMS, (Advanced Distribution Management
Systems), supporting the monitoring and management of large
electrical distribution networks.

Developing a global leader in Industrial
Automation and Control

© We have been a long time leader in discrete automation through
our Telemecanique brand.

© We reinforced our Industrial Automation & Control portfolio with
the acquisition of Citect in 2006, RAM Industries in 2008, Cimac
and SCADA group in 2010 and Leader & Harvest in 2011.

¢ In January 2014, we closed the acquisition of Invensys plc. This
strategic move allows us to enter the process automation world
and reinforces our position in integrated industrial automation
and electro-intensive segments.

Building a global leader in Critical Power

© We identified Critical Power as a key technology for our portfolio
and gained majority control of MGE UPS in 2004.

¢ We became a world leader with the acquisition of American
Power Conversion (APC) in 2007, the US-based world leader

4.3 Recent external growth

in single-phase and three-phase UPS with operations on all
continents and USD2.5 billion in revenues

e We expanded our operations in new economies with the
acquisition of UPS manufacturer Microsol Tecnologia in Brazil
in 2009 and the acquisition of APW in India in 2011.

@ In 2011, we broadened our portfolio with cooling offers from
Uniflair, data center services from Lee Technologies and backup
power storage from Luminous.

Creating a major player in Building
Automation & Security

¢ As the result of several acquisitions, in particular TAC in 2003,
Andover Controls in 2004 and Invensys Building Systems
in 2005, we became a major player in building automation.

© We entered the video security market in 2007 with the acquisition
of Pelco.

In recent years we have further developed our operations in
mature countries, in particular through the acquisition of two
pioneering French companies in 2010: Vizelia, a provider of
software that monitors the energy consumption of buildings in
real time, and D5X, a specialist in solutions optimizing the use of
commercial buildings.

© The acquisitions of Summit Energy (2011) and M&C Energy group
(2012) increased our expertise in energy procurement services.

In 2014, Schneider Electric optimized its offer portfolio through one
acquisition and two disposals.

© In June 2014, Schneider Electric announced the sale of the
Invensys Appliance division, renamed Robertshaw Controls
Company, to an affiliate of Sun European Partners, LLP. The
disposal follows a strategic review of the Appliance division that
concluded the unit is not a core business to Schneider Electric;

© In October 2014, Schneider Electric announced the sale of the
entire shareholding in Custom Sensors & Technologies (« CST »)
to private equity groups The Carlyle Group and PAI Partners.
Schneider Electric has reinvested approximately USD100 million
alongside Carlyle, PAl and CST management to hold a
shareholding of circa. 30% of CST. The disposal is consistent
with the Group’s practice to regularly review its strategic portfolio
and focus on energy management and efficiency technologies,

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

integrating electrical distribution and automation offerings. CST
had limited synergies with other businesses.

In 2015, Schneider Electric further optimized its offer portfolio to
strengthen its focus on core businesses and drive the Group's
performance.

© In October 2015, Schneider Electric reached an agreement to
sell Juno Lighting to Acuity Brands. Juno is a North American
supplier, specialized in recessed and track lighting fixtures, in
both residential and commercial sectors. Schneider Electric
finalized the sale in December 2015;

© In December 2015, Schneider Electric reached an agreement
to sell its Transportation business to Kapsch TrafficCom AG.
The Transportation business targets major cities, highways and
infrastructure operators in the world. It offers a large range of
solutions and services in the areas of traffic, tolling, tunnel and
transit, which make mobility more efficient, safe and sustainable.


--- Page 14 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

44 Change management through company programs

Schneider is On, Schneider Electric’s company program

(2015-2020)

Schneider is On, Schneider Electric’s company program for the 2015-2020 period, is another
major step in the ongoing deployment of the Group’s strategy.

The company program is structured around five initiatives to deliver more value to customers and shareholders:

1. Do more for the customers to create more opportunities for
them, and for Schneider Electric

The Group aims in this initiative to bring more value to customers
and more business to partners, a better intimacy and an access
to specialists, a consistent project execution and a unique and
flexible delivery experience.

2. Simplify the operations for increased efficiency

Simplifying work and operations makes the difference to the
customers. The Group targets to simplify its management setup
to make the company leaner, further increase supply-chain
productivity, optimize R&D effi ciency and solution execution
and increase sales force effi ciency. Overall the Group targets
to generate by the end of 2017 c. EUR1 billion of industrial
productivity and c. EURO.4-0.5 billion gross ) SFC savings
by 2017.

3. Digitize for customers, for efficiency and simplicity

The Group's offers will be more connected, enabling new
services and improving its customers’ life. The digital customer
experience will be improved to deliver an end-to-end simple and
intuitive partner and customer experience.

4. Innovate to support growth

The innovation will focus on delivering the right products and
solutions for customers in a focused and short timeframe. In
addition, Schneider Electric will continue to be a partner of hoice
in sustainability in its innovations and its operations and will be
measuring its progress through the Planet & Society barometer
2015-2017.
5. « Step Up » people

This initiative is focusing on increasing the competency of
Schneider Electric employees through stronger collaboration,
enhanced training and a culture of high performance while
continuing to have a strong engagement for diversity and
workspace satisfaction.

(1) Before inflation and reinvestment.

2015 marked the first year of the Group’s Schneider Is On company
program, in which the following achievements were disclosed:

tive:

Within our Do Morei

© services revenues up ~+7%;
© orders from industrial software grew +6%;

© project hit rate & gross margin at booking improved; gross margin
deviation between booking and during execution reduced.

Within our Simplify i
© industrial productivity of ~€0.36bn achieved;

® gross SFC savings of ~€0.3bn delivered, with targets upgraded
to EURO.6bn for the period 2015-2017 (previous target: EURO.4-
0.5bn).

Within our Digitize initiative:

* the number of connected assets increased +45%.

Within our Innovate initiative:
© successful launch of many new offers in our Buildings & Partner
business across all businesses;

® continued to increase OEM conversions by leveraging our
innovative OEM solution offer;

© Planet & Society Barometer reached 6.33/10.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 2/


--- Page 15 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

> 5. Research & Development

Innovation is the key to our company’s growth. Schneider Electric has had a history of innovations in the past 100 years.

During 2015, the Group worked on a new strategic plan for R&D based on the following ideas:

¢ R&D Projects to have a better distribution of long term, medium term, and short term

¢ Investing in a smaller number of Big Bet Strategic Initiatives

Practicing Open Innovation with Universities, Startup Companies, Suppliers, and Customers

© Creating a uniform R&D structure and a Technology Community to share best practices about innovation, and leveraging

common platforms
¢ Improving Ties between R&D and Marketing
Incubation of New Businesses

¢ Improving the R&D Footprint and R&D Talent in a Global Company

The Group accomplished many « firsts » by implementing technology anticipations in effort coordination, by confirming
a set of Big Bets grouped into six Strategic Disruptions through Upstream offer & Technology innovation portfolio

reviews:

© Internet of Things (IOT) Services through our Connected Products

© Software Defined Automation

Digital Customer Experience

e Embedded Computing Platform

¢ Micro Grid including Energy Storage
© Cyber Security

As a technology company, Schneider Electric is constantly seeking to leverage technology advances to deliver truly
innovative solutions that improve the daily life of people and the efficiency of companies, while constantly improving

the efficiency of its R&D.

5.1 Leveraging technological advances

Emerging trends that appeared in the last five years, like the
Internet of things (« loT »), digitization and IT/OT convergence, are
now shaping Schneider Electric’s R&D strategy and investments.
They are impacting the way products and systems are architected,
developed, delivered and serviced, with significant value added for
our customers.

Digitization and loT

In addition to beyond personal devices, loT presents a huge
opportunity in industrial systems. It enables significant increase in
the number of measure and control points and, as a consequence,
allowing for maximum energy efficiency and optimized asset
availability and performance. Since 2000, Schneider Electric has
invested in research programs to develop ultra-low power, wireless
« pervasive sensing » devices, some of which have already reached
the industrialization phase, just in time to contribute to such
solutions.

Sensors working up to ten years off a button-size battery while
transmitting data over wireless « mesh » networks are now available.
Their lifetime cost is up to ten times lower than classical wired
sensors and will revolutionize the way buildings and factories are

28 2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

monitored and controlled. Other wireless, energy harvesting self-
powered sensors measuring both the temperature and the power
intensity, and complying with the tough mission profile imposed
by the demanding environment of our customers are about to be
launched on the market.

All of the smart sensors rely on technology platforms providing
proven components whether for the physical measure, data
processing, power supply or harvesting and wireless transmission.
On the latter topic, long range radio technologies like LoRa and
SigFox have received a specific attention over the last two years
leading to the first deployments by the end of 2015.

R&D efforts are now focusing on the ease of deploying and
running large networks of such sensors and the scalability and
security of the infrastructure needed to harness the data coming
from these networks. The cloud based Digital Services Platform,
was developed by Schneider Electric over the last four years to
address these two challenges. Dozens of pilots are underway with
business units and external partners, leveraging a library of analytics
modules developed in the context of the Operational Intelligence
program. Using mobile technology, the insights delivered by these
analytics are packaged into simple, yet powerful, « context aware »
applications. Thanks to geo-localization, the information can literally


--- Page 16 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

find its way to the person needing it most, depending on where he/
she is. Once advised, another set of mobile based applications,
including augmented reality, further guide the user to transform
these insights into action.

By combining three platforms: the Smart Sensor Platform, the
Embedded Control Platform and the Digital Services Platform
Schneider Electrics provide a consistent and interoperable value
chain starting from data acquisition, continuing with data processing
and transmission and up to data storage and analytics to present
actionable dashboards to our customers.

Optimization and Analytics

In 2015, major evolutions occurred in Schneider Electric in the
Optimization and Analytics domain: exchanges within the Group
enabled a good characterization of the potential for future connected
offers and related analytics, as well as a complementary view of
relevant analytics for non-connected (or less connected) offers; the
Digital Services Platform (DSP) reached a level of maturity which
enables its use in applications managing significant amounts of
data and integrating analytics.

Technology anticipation addressed different types of actions:

° Exploration of analytics for connected offers in a variety of
contexts: homes, senior residences, commercial buildings, and
industrial plants. In most cases, the exploration of new use cases
builds on the premise that the analytics will be implemented
on top of the Digital Services Platform and will enable (i) better
understanding of correlations between data and (ii) use of
understanding to improve operational and/or investment
decisions. In some cases, this exploration led to a prototype
of a brick that could be reused for other applications. External
collaborations has been important, e.g., the Tribute European
project, a PhD partnership with the University of Grenoble Alpes,
on machine learning for virtual sensors, and joint work with Duke
University on the use of a machine learning algorithm to optimize
temperature control.

Investigation of condition monitoring and diagnosis
analytics for asset performance management, often but not
necessarily, in the context of a connected offer. Both data-
oriented (machine learning) models and explicit (more or less
complex) physical models can be used for this purpose, inducing
very different constraints on the data requirements and global
solution architecture. The analytics are used to improve the
reliability, availability, maintainability and safety of devices and
systems. Important partners in 2015 included Uppsala University
(IT Business), and the University of Grenoble Alpes.

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

¢ Analytics for planning and control for electrical networks
(Infrastructure Business), HVAC in buildings and data centers
(Buildings & Partner and IT Businesses) or industrial systems such
as mines, cement plants, water networks, pipelines, refineries,
food and beverage plants (Industry Businesses). Following the
acquisitions of the previous years, Schneider Electric already has
a significant offer in this domain, but the frontiers continuously
move as technology progresses and with the increasing
availability of more and more data. In particular, progress on
energy optimization in residential districts and in manufacturing
plants has been enabled in the context of the Ambassador, Hyllie
Smart Grid, and Arrowhead European cooperative projects, as
well as with two PhD partnerships with the GIPSA and LIRMM
laboratories. For electrical networks, our partnership with Mines
ParisTech has been complemented by a new PhD collaboration
with G2ELab and INRIA.

Modeling and simulation

Regarding lifetime cost, the design phase of industrial projects plays
a critical role in reducing both time and cost of system deployment.
Invensys, acquired by Schneider Electric in January 2014, is a
leader in the simulation of complex continuous processes, such as
refineries or chemical plants. During the design phase, the plant
can be simulated to optimize its design, validate its performance
and start operator training before it is even built. The IT division
has developed a similar set of tools for data centers, including 3D
thermal simulations to validate the design of the cooling system.

R&D teams are working to generalize this offering to any kind
of industrial system, including large and complex buildings like
hospitals, in partnership with the leading CAD/CAE suppliers in
these domains. Filling the gap between design and operational
systems will not only decrease design-and-build costs but also
those linked to maintaining and developing systems over the 30+
years’ life expectancy that is common in some industries.

Within five years, one can expect that industrial systems will be
developed like modern software, starting from a model of the
process, followed by a simulation based on this model, developed
and tested « against » the model and finally deployed on totally
standardized hardware.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 29


--- Page 17 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

1

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

5.2 Delivering truly innovative solutions

The advances mentioned above generate innovation across market
segments, all the way from homes to smart cities, as illustrated in
these few examples.

Homes

The Wiser home control solution includes a battery powered
wireless thermostat that can be easily installed to optimize the
comfort and energy consumption of each room. The new version
of this thermostat, leveraging the loT platform developed in the last
three years has a five times longer battery life (up to ten years),
costs 50% less and is three times thinner than a traditional wired
thermostat. User experience is also an area of innovation. Our
Wiser range now includes a connected smart thermostat with a
touch screen color interface and schedule auto-learning feature for
greater simplicity of use.

LED introduces new challenges regarding control. In 2015, The
Group delivered solutions with an unprecedented range of dimming
and simplicity of installation thanks to our knowledge in this core
area.

Connectivity and open interfaces are also becoming natively
embedded in our offers, opening the door to application innovations.

Buildings

Buildings represent 82% of the world’s potential energy efficiency
gains and are a large opportunity for the Group. We are developing
innovative space management solutions that allow energy savings
while increasing comfort and making life user-friendly. Our building
management systems connect facility managers to their buildings
using cloud based software displaying data on interfaces like mobile
phones or tablets. This software suite transforms data into valuable
information for facility managers to better manage and optimize
their assets.

Energy

Low voltage electrical distribution panels, in addition to ensuring the
safety of the assets they power, collect a large amount of data which
can be used to optimize their performance. For example, analyzing
the frequency of a motor's electrical feedback can allow detection
of wear and the potential failure of its bearings or the equipment
they powers. Thanks again to the low cost of the loT platform, every
distribution panel shipped by Schneider Electric or its partners is
now connected to the cloud. Data experts and process experts
collaborate to analyze the patterns in the data coming from the
panels to come up with novel ways of optimizing their performance.
Once developed in the cloud, the corresponding algorithms will
be optimized and implemented in the smart meters and breakers
built into the panel, thus making it smarter and smarter. The remote
connection of distribution panels to platform enables services such
as demand response, allowing the aggregation of multiple buildings
and/or factories into significant capacity units that utilities can call
upon at peak times.

Medium voltage products are becoming smarter, for instance with
the new generation of wireless thermal sensor contributing to the
predictive maintenance of switchgear panels. Pilot projects in
asset performance management have been executed in different

30 2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

applications segments relying on multiple condition monitoring
algorithms for circuit breakers and transformers. Latest cyber-
security standard developed for the substation environments are
being integrated at product and system level and type tested with
customers. Security of operation is being further developed through
the usage of mobile technologies. Innovative services are being
tested with utilities in order to improve grid performances. Electro-
technical architectures have been optimized for data centers where
power distribution increasingly uses medium voltage.

Industry

As End Users and OEMs re-examine their automation and operation
management strategies to take advantage of the lol, enable
operational excellence and improve overall business performance,
PlantStruxure and MachineStruxure architectures play a key role
in managing convergence between informational technology and
operational technology. Schneider Electric Best-In-Class Smart
Connected Products, such as the Altivar Process variable speed
drive, leverage loT technologies to deliver real customer value.
With its smart diagnostics based on dynamic QR codes, and its
embedded optimization algorithms such as pump curves, the Altivar
Process drive reduces downtime by up to 20%. Furthermore, its
built-in energy management services and seamless integration with
business management systems provide real operational insights
contributing to operational efficiency improvements of up to +25%.

Continuing to lead the world of Automation, the Modicon M580 is
the world’s first ePAC - with Ethernet built right into its core, bridging
the gap between the OT and IT worlds’. Thanks to Modicon
M580 the customer can monitor and diagnose your installation
in real-time from any location using standard tablet and smart
phone, greatly improving the efficiency of maintenance teams. In
automation projects enhanced with Foxboro Control Systems and
Triconex Safety Systems, Schneider Electric is leading the way
with Virtualized Engineering, also called Engineering in the Cloud,
throughout the entire project. From the design phase to verification
and testing, customers can utilize engineering resources and subject
matter experts anywhere in the world increasing collaboration and
reducing time to first production.

Data Centers

Very Large (>10MW) data center builds are driving most of this
segment growth as internet service providers continue to bring
more and more capability to public and private cloud offerings.
These cloud enabling data center designs are highly optimized
and efficient, leveraging scale, unique power systems and software
resilience to deliver exceptional performance with minimum
overheads. While efficient data storage and computation benefits
can be realized within cloud based solutions, requirements for
low latency « edge computing » that supports real-time control
and deterministic data handling will continue to be necessary for
multiple reasons including reliability, data security and sovereignty.

Schneider Electric has continued its leadership in designing highly
efficient UPS offerings with innovative ECOnversion mode (>98%)
that are integrated into pre-fabricated power solutions which can
be delivered ready to connect on-site, enabling cloud data centers
to be reliably designed, built and commissioned in a matter of
weeks vs. months or years. Additionally, expansion of the Group


--- Page 18 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

edge computing offerings includes working with major IT players
to develop packaged « micro data centers » that can be installed
in just a few hours on a site, will « discover » their environment
and self-configure, pulling functionality from Schneider Electric's
cloud platform. Such micro data centers will be a key component

5.3 Improving the efficiency of R&D

While the deployment of technology platforms has allowed
reductions in both cost and lead time of bringing new products to
market, this new complexity requires an upgrade of development
methods and tools. Schneider Electric's NextGen PLM program
optimizes its Information Systems with a redefined architecture, data
model, and tools for an end-to-end data flow. This will also reduce
the risk of aging and obsolete Product Information Management
Systems. The Group's pragmatic building block approach to PLM
will be driven by building a strong data IT platform followed by
incremental improvements based upon the identification of key
capabilities; the choice of suitable solutions; and setting a feasible
path to deliver the maximum impact on performance and costs in
the shortest time.

The Group also builds Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE)
framework including processes, tools and data models for
Schneider Electric. This MBSE framework enables the application
of advanced modeling techniques throughout systems engineering

5.4 Growth through Innovation

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

of the converged IT/OT industrial architectures that combine a
large network of smart on-site devices with powerful cloud based
analytics. The first version of this micro data center, developed with
CISCO for traditional business applications is already commercially
available.

stages to represent and test dynamic and static properties of
a system. Starting with customer requirements expressed by
marketing, a model of the product and/or system is developed. This
model can be used to generate mockups that can be validated and
can evolve with customers before any R&D is committed.

The validated model then becomes the reference from which the
mechanics, electronics and software design team can work in
parallel. From the model, engineers can query libraries of reusable
components, developed on the technology platforms now common
to all businesses, thus accelerating projects while reducing risks.
Successive versions are tested against the model, and again
with customers, ensuring that final integration and testing will go
smoothly.

Initial pilots have confirmed the potential of MBSE and full
deployment started mid-2014, with the expectation that every
program will apply this method by 2016.

This year the Group have embraced several ideas to grow its
business through innovation so that we can operate like startup
companies but scale like a global company. This program consists
of the following principles:

Spending more time with customers at every stage

Managers are entrepreneurs, their teams are trained, dedicated,
accountable

Speed up innovation by practicing Open Innovation with
universities, start-up companies, supplier, and customers

Faster with time-boxed projects and empowered teams

R&D investments to be selective, focused on the best growth
opportunities, and sliced in to small projects

Collaborating, platforming, and using the best tools to out-
innovate the competition on technology

¢ Manufacturing and sales ‘engines’ turn innovation into growth
¢ As aresult SE's innovative and patented offers are first to market

To leverage the Growth by Innovation Program and boost our core
business, we are setting the best practices in the Customer's Voice
Process, in Lean Innovation and in applying a Start-up model for
disruptive offers.

Furthermore, we have stepped up our Open Innovation deployment
with our eco-system (Universities; Start-ups and Venture Capitals;
Customers and Suppliers) through incubating new businesses. We
are practicing Open Innovation with startup companies such as
OhmConnect, KGS, Autogrid, C3 Energy, VPS, and others. We are
working with universities such as MIT, NC State University, Georgia
Tech, Paris Tech, Uppsala University and the University of Grenoble
Alpes.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 31


--- Page 19 ---

1

32

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

5.5_ Financing innovative start-ups

In 2000, Schneider Electric created an investment structure
called Schneider Electric Ventures to invest in high-tech start-ups
whose innovations fit with the Group's future development. In
2010, Schneider Electric Ventures became Aster Capital with the
launch of a new capital investment fund to finance innovative start-
ups operating within the areas of energy, new materials and the
environment. This second fund received a capital subscription of
EUR105 million, from Schneider Electric (EUR40 million), Alstom
(EUR30 million), Solvay (EUR15 million) and in 2012 by the European
Investment Fund (EUR20 million), a benchmark financial partner in
Europe.

Managing a portfolio of partnership
opportunities

The mission of Aster Capital is to purchase minority interests in
innovative start-ups in the fields of energy and the environment
based in Europe, Israel, North America and Asia. The scouting
activities constitute a source of particularly productive partnerships
and forge contacts with more than 1,500 small and mid-sized
businesses around the world each year. In 2015, one new
investment was realized, joining the first thirteen companies already
in the portfolio, including Lucibel, Iceotope and Digital Lumens.

After having successfully exited from Solairedirect (acquired by
Engie in 2015), Aster’s first fund currently still holds about eight
equity interests, notably in Agilence, Jet Metal Technologies, Tronics
and Casanova.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Eco GTB - EUR1.3 million investment in
October 2015

Eco GTB provides a very light building management system to
multi-site commercial buildings to save energy (average 1 to 2-year
payback) and better operate and maintain distributed stores. The
company, incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Paris,
operates hundreds of stores in France.

Identifying emerging trends and technologies
and delivering relevant inputs

Aster Capital is in touch with start-ups on a daily basis. This gives
Aster Capital a unique perspective on emerging technologies,
customer needs and new market segments. The work is shared
at three levels:

® by identifying emerging trends and weak signals which may
have an impact on markets, customers and/or future Schneider
Electric business, and sharing them on a regular basis with the
leaders within Schneider Electric;

© by introducing about 300 start-ups each year to Schneider
Electric teams within relevant countries, businesses and
corporate departments; and

© by publishing market analyses that are presented to Schneider
Electric teams. Again this year, more than 10 topics related to the
energy and environment sectors have been covered and shared
within Schneider Electric. An innovative element introduced last
year is that the Aster Capital teams have made a dedicated
web platform available to all Schneider Electric employees,
which gives them even easier access to all of these resources,
information and databases.


--- Page 20 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

> 6. Organizational simplicity

and efficiency

Schneider Electric's profile has undergone an unprecedented transformation in the past decade to become a global

specialist in energy management.

Under the One company program (2009-2011), the organization was redesigned to better serve its customers. This
transformation continued with the Connect company program (2012-2014) as we refined our organization to improve
cohesion, while initiating our digital transformation journey. Now with the current company program, Schneider is On
(2015-2020), we will leverage these organizational simplifications and further empower our team members towards

growth.

6.1 Acustomer-focused organization

Dual orientation - technologies
and end-markets

Schneider Electric is organized into four business segments. Each
business segment is responsible for specific technologies and
addresses targeted end-market segments. The organization was
designed in order to support our two business models: products and
solutions. Selling products requires clear technological leadership,
while selling solutions requires close customer relationships and a
deep understanding of end users’ needs.

Buildings & Partner business technological scope is low voltage,
building automation and renewables.

Infrastructure business scope includes medium voltage and
grid automation technologies.

Industry business scope covers industrial automation, control
and sensors technologies.

IT business scope is critical power and cooling technologies for
data centers as well as non-IT applications.

Each of these business segments manages its R&D, marketing and
sales teams and is responsible for its global results.

A number of back-office functions such as Finance, Human
Resources, IT systems and Global Marketing are handled by the
Global Functions, which have a governance role and provide
services internally.

Rationalization and optimization of synergies

The organization is deployed in accordance with three key concepts:
specialization, mutualization and globalization. Specialization
mainly concerns sales and front-office operations.

Mutualization covers local back-office operations at the country and
regional level. Globalization concerns the seven support functions,
now known as Global Functions:

© Finance;

© Marketing;

© Supply chain;

° Human Resources;

© Strategy;
© Technology
© Information systems.

A substantial portion of the Global Functions’ costs are re-allocated
to the businesses using distribution keys or application bases that
are generally defined annually.

© Specialization: in each country, each business has its own sales
force and local leader as soon as it reaches critical mass. It also
has a specialized front office in each host country to respond
more effectively to customer demand for specific expertise. Each
business segment is also responsible for its overall results, both
for product sales (in its business lines) and the implementation of
solutions (especially for end-market segments within its scope).
As solutions can consist of products coming from different
business segments and in order to define a single point of
contact for customers, each business segment is responsible
for solutions in certain defined end-markets. Business efforts
have focused on implementing and strengthening existing teams
dedicated to meeting the specific needs of these strategic
customer segments with a strong focus on the collaboration
between the business lines, in order to ensure these customer's
needs are met as fully as possible.

Mutualization: the business is organized around Organizational
Regions: North America, China, France, Europe and the Rest
of World which is comprised of seven international zones
(South America, Africa, Middle East, CIS, India, SE Asia and
Asia-Pacific. Each of these regions have empowered Zone
Presidents and Country Presidents, which are appointed in each
country to be the custodians of four Business in their countries:
Industry, Infrastructure, Buildings & Partner and IT, including Field
Services. In addition, they are responsible for monitoring the full
transversal P&L of the country, deploying Schneider Electric's
Strategy in the country (including all local cross-functional topics
such as increasing cross-selling among businesses) and pooling
the local back-office resources. These resources are gradually
brought together in each country or region under the Country
President's supervision and can include multiple local support
functions ranging from administration to project execution,
depending on the situation. In addition, the Country President
serves as the mutualization driving force and Schneider Electric's

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 33


--- Page 21 ---

1

34

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

main representative in the country, most notably in dealings with
employees and local officials.

© Globalization: major support functions that are not specific to
a given country or business are gradually globalized to increase
experience and leverage a significant scale effect around cost
and service. Manufacturing and supply chain operations, areas

Geographic dimension and legal structure

of shared services or expertise (such as finance or Human
Resources), information systems, Group Strategy, Technology
and global marketing functions are now included within the
Group's Global Functions. Global Supply Chain is continuing to
focus on the areas of global productivity, customer differentiation
and customer satisfaction.

The Group's goal is to establish, where ever possible, a single legal structure in each country.

Schneider Electric's simplified legal organization chart is as follows:

Operational

companies

The list of consolidated companies is provided in note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements (see page 240). Boissiére Finance

Schneider
Electric SE

Schneider Electric
Industries SAS

Boissiére Finance

is the Group’s centralized cash-management structure; it also
centralizes hedging operations for all subsidiaries.

6.2 Manufacturing and supply chain: global redeployment

Schneider Electric has more than 220 plants and 100 distribution
centers around the world. Customer satisfaction is its top priority.

While working constantly to improve occupational health and safety
and environmental protection, Schneider Electric’s manufacturing
policy aims to fulfill four key objectives, in order of priority:

1) to achieve a level of quality and service that meets or exceeds
customer expectations;

2) to obtain cost-competitive products while continuing to deliver
strong and consistent productivity;

3) to develop system speed and efficiency and limit production
sites’ risk exposure (currency parity, geopolitical risks and
changes in cost factors);

4) to optimize capital employed in manufacturing operations.

A number of the production facilities and distribution centers are
dedicated to the global market. The other units are located as close
as possible to their end markets. Although design and/or aesthetic
features may be adapted to meet local requirements, Schneider
Electric standardizes key components as much as possible. This
global/local approach helps Schneider Electric maximize economies
of scale and optimize profitability and service quality.

Drawing on its global scope, Schneider Electric is constantly re-
balancing and optimizing its manufacturing and supply chain
resources.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Continuous improvement ona global scale

At the same time, an industrial excellence program called
Schneider Production System (SPS) has been rolled out in all
plants to substantially and continuously improve service quality
and productivity. The program also takes into account high-level
environmental and staff health and safety criteria. Based on a lean
manufacturing approach, SPS is supported by the extension of Six
Sigma and Quality and Value Analysis programs across the Group.
By deploying these optimization methods globally and sharing best
practices, the Group intends to raise the operational performance
of all its plants to the same high standard.

Schneider Electric's sites and products meet the strict requirements
of both European regulations and international standards relating
to the environment. A continuous assessment system to ensure
compliance with regulations and their modifications is in place,
relying mainly on internal and external auditors. On a regular
basis, these norms and standards are exceeded by the specific
requirements we set ourselves, for instance by replacing certain
materials and substances used for our products well before the
regulations require us to do so. Schneider Electric's plants and
logistics centers are ISO 14001 (environment) certified, and almost
half of these sites have also achieved ISO 50001 (energy efficiency)
certification. In addition to the environment and energy efficiency,
we implement an integrated management system also covering
Quality [SO 9001) and Health and Safety (OHSAS 18001). In 2015,


--- Page 22 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Schneider Electric overhauled its Environmental Strategy, and
defined some ten priority areas for action for the period 2015-2020.
These attribute increasing importance, in particular, to eco-design
by making it systematic and exhaustive, to our CO, reduction efforts
for both ourselves and our customers, to our circular economy
ambitions for our products and for the resources used, and to our
ever-increasing energy efficiency objectives.

This strategy covers our entire value chain, from R&D to purchasing,
manufacturing and logistics, not to mention sales and marketing,
where we make specific efforts to always give our customers
more capacity to objectify the environmental added value which
our solutions offer them (energy efficiency and CO,, lifetime and
reparability, etc.). We take into account customer expectations
concerning our products’ environmental profile, the transparency of
access to information, and even end-of-life product management.

Schneider Electric has implemented a policy to systematically
identify and reduce its industrial risk in order to secure maximum
service to its customers and to minimize any impact of disaster,
whether it is internal in nature (fire) or external (natural disasters).
This policy relies on local actions to remove the identified risks
following audits led by an external firm recognized by insurers, as
well an action plan for the continuity of production. If, after corrective
actions, the risk remains too high, then the activity is repeated
at another Schneider Electric site. Since 2014, this process has
been extended to single-source suppliers in order to reduce the
risk level in five areas (financial, geopolitical, industrial, quality and
dependence on Schneider Electric activity), in addition to identifying
the action plan in the event of a supply disruption.

The segmented response to customer needs

In 2012, Schneider Electric launched the Tailored Supply Chain
program as part of the company program Connect, with the aim to
better align the supply chain set-up with the needs and behaviors
of each customer segment (distributors, partners, panel builders,
etc).

Six initiatives were defined to support the transformation of the
supply chain:

Purchasing: step up purchasing to drive proactive planning of
procurement;

Optimization of the industrial operation: manage the operation
of critical components to improve lead-time to customers
(suppliers, factories, and logistics);

Supply chain flow redesign: reduce lead-time through
optimization of plant and distribution center footprint and flow
design;

Transportation rationalization: increase partnerships with
selected carriers to improve customer service;

Industrial planning: build best-in-class planning process by
customer segment;

IT capability: align information systems strategy with this
segmentation.

This approach has required the implementation of a more dynamic
industrial strategy to restructure customer service practices, and
the configuration of products, equipment, delivery methods and
services offered to Group customers. In parallel, the Group has had
to simplify its working approaches and focus on creating value for

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

its customers by streamlining its decision-making processes and its
organizational structure.

This led to the announcement of a new Industrial Organization for
2013, structured around eight regions (Europe, CIS, China, India,
Pacific, Asia, North America, South America) which groups all of
Schneider Electric industrial activities together in these regions. In
addition, this also led to the verticalization of all Purchasing activities
to simplify and unify its contact with suppliers.

The digitization of the supply chain

In 2013, Schneider Electric put emphasis on digitization as a way to
accelerate and intensify its transformation.

For the supply chain, this approach aims to synchronize suppliers
and plants through distribution centers and carriers to improve
service to customers. Many programs have been launched in order
to offer new features and improve the responsiveness in relation to
market demand supported by new technologies.

Supply chain optimization will benefit from the flow model,
combined with the integration of the IT systems of our logistics
partners with cloud technology. Similarly, a partnership with Kinaxis
will enable the « digitization » of industrial planning and extend the
scope. This technology facilitates interaction loops between the
different functions and improves our responsiveness to customers
as well as significantly reducing the value of fixed assets in inventory.
Finally, the development of new features tailored to each customer
segment on our targeted computer systems (of the supply chain) is
supported by a strengthened IT convergence plan.

This digitization of the supply chain fully meets the priorities of the
Group's industrial strategy targeting first customer satisfaction while
reducing costs for increasing responsiveness and reducing capital
employed.

Akey competitive advantage for our
customers

All of these efforts to improve the supply chain have been recognized
well outside the company. In September 2015, Gartner, a leading
IT research and advisory firm, ranked Schneider Electric's supply
chain 10th in Europe and 34th worldwide, an improvement of 12
and 33 places respectively in one year.

The Group's aim for the next few years is to turn this into a
competitive advantage through customer recognition that we offer
the best logistics solutions. The new 2015-2020 company program
aims to drastically improve the capacity and response speed of the
supply chain while strengthening economic and ecological efficiency
in order to even better serve our customers by providing them with
acustomized logistics response that meets their expectations while
ensuring sustainability.

To achieve this, the Group intends to adapt its value chain to the
wide-ranging requirements of its customers by implementing nine
keys for transformation during the 2015 2017 period:

* reduce the release time to customers;
© basic logistics offering, customized according to type of channel;
industrial planning customized according to customer segment

© development of the services offering, in line with our customers’
installed base;

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 35


--- Page 23 ---

1 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

© improvement of the overall performance of the equipment
logistics chain;

© involvement of preferred suppliers in all aspects of this
transformation approach;

© continued optimization of the entire industrial system to offer
customized customer service;

© focus on excellence of the logistics chain for growth activities;
© management of the release of new product offerings.

6.3. Purchasing: selection and internationalization

Purchasing corresponds to around 50% of revenue and plays a
crucial role in the Group's technical and business performance.
As part of the new company program to optimize Purchasing, the
Group is continuing to pursue its plan, launched several years ago,
to seek to source its purchases from the top-performing suppliers
(« recommended » suppliers) and aims to increase local sourcing
in the new economies to more than 50%. The Group is rolling out
the « Purchasing Excellence System » with a view to involving
suppliers, as a component in the ‘Complete Logistics Chain’, in the
achievement of our performance objectives focused on customer
satisfaction.

36 2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Schneider Electric primarily purchases prefabricated components,
raw materials (silver, copper, aluminum, steel and plastics), electronic
and electrical products and services. The diverse supplier list
includes multinationals as well as small, medium and intermediate
sized companies.

Suppliers are selected for the quality of their products and services,
their adherence to delivery deadlines, their competitiveness, their
innovative capacity and their commitment to corporate social
responsibility (CSR). As a participant of the UN Global Compact,
Schneider Electric encourages its main suppliers to contribute to
its sustainable development initiative according to the guidelines
of standard ISO 26000, through ongoing improvement in the level
required (to achieve 100% « recommended » suppliers by 2017).


--- Page 24 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

> 7. Risk Factors

As described in Chapter 3.9 Internal control and risk management,
Schneider Electric regularly analyses the risks and threats it faces,
which has revealed six major risk categories as follows:

risk factors related to the Group's business, which also include
the solutions business, supplier risks and competitive threats;

® industrial and environmental risks that also include risks such as
natural catastrophes and political disturbances, etc.;

71 Operational risk

Schneider Electric operates worldwide,
in competitive and cyclical markets

The worldwide markets for the Group’s products are competitive
in terms of pricing, quality of products, systems and services,
development and introduction time for new offers. Schneider Electric
faces strong competitors, some of whom are larger than we are
or are developing in certain lower cost countries. The Group is
exposed to fluctuations in economic growth cycles and to the
respective levels of investments within the different countries in
which we operate. The Group's widespread geographic coverage
and diversified end markets enable us to ride out downturns on
specific markets.

As 43% of the Group’s revenue is generated in emerging countries,
we are exposed to the risks associated with those markets.

The Group’s wide international presence exposes us to many
economic, legal and political risks in the countries in which we
operate. These include risks arising from social unrest (particularly
strikes and walk-outs), political instability, unforeseen regulatory
changes, restrictions on capital transfers and other obstacles to free
trade, and local tax laws. All of these risks may have an adverse
effect on the Group's operations, results or financial position.

Schneider Electric has implemented procedures designed to
protect it as far as possible from these risks, which are generally
beyond our control, and to manage them as effectively as possible.
These procedures include quarterly business reviews in which
performance and projections are monitored, in terms of activity,
action plans, results to date and forecasts, at all organizational
levels of the Group (see section 3.9 Internal control and risk
management). The Group also has the necessary competencies to
manage these risks, mainly through our central functions (finance,
legal, tax and customs).

RISK FACTORS

© information system risks and cyber threats;

¢ market risks covering currency risks and raw material price
fluctuation risks;

© legal risks that also cover intellectual property;
® litigation and related risks.

The Group's main risks and threats are summarized in a chart
of overall risks based on their impact and probability.

The growth and success

of the Group’s products depend on its ability
to constantly adapt to and leverage new
technologies to deliver high value products
and solutions

The markets in which Schneider Electric operates are experiencing
rapid evolutions due to the introduction of innovative technologies,
such as loT and Big Data. Customers expect smarter and smarter
products with open interfaces enabling them to be tightly integrated
into more and more complex software based solutions. The
resulting digitization of products, including native Web connectivity
opens numerous new opportunities, but will also accelerate the
convergence of IT and OT technologies, thus making it possible
for new players to enter our markets. The widespread usage of
mobile devices creates new expectations from customers as far as
the general usability of products. Last but not least, the increased
connectivity of products increases the risk of cyber attacks.

To meet these challenges, the Group has increased its investments
in the areas of embedded control (hardware and software), and
cyber-security. A Group-wide initiative aims at developing common
control technologies, leveraging such advances as « controller on
a chip », resulting in smart and open products that are « natively »
secure. More and more, the development of products goes hand
in hand with the development of life-cycle services leveraging Web
connectivity to deliver superior lifetime value to our customers. Such
services not only open new recurring revenue opportunities for
Schneider Electric, but reinforce the Group’s competitive position
versus potential new entrants.

The increased software content of the Group's solutions has
resulted in specific investments in the area of user experience.
The standards and techniques developed for software solutions
apply readily to smart phones and allow development teams to
seamlessly complement products and solutions with state of the
art mobile applications.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 37


--- Page 25 ---

1

38

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

Regarding cyber-security, a specific investment program has been
launched to develop specific capabilities. Specialists embedded
in the main development teams/centers are involved from the
early phases of the design to make products inherently safe. A
constant monitoring of emerging threats has been implemented in
partnership with specialized firms and specific incident response
processes have been established to support customers in case of
cyber-attack against Schneider Electric products.

The market for software-based solutions has faster cycles than some
of Schneider Electric's hardware markets. As a provider of critical
infrastructure management solutions, the Group nevertheless does
not compromise its standards of outstanding reliability and security.
As a consequence, a program is underway to generalize the latest
standards of System Engineering, allowing different teams to work
in parallel on complex products or systems, while assuring the
highest quality standards. Coupled with techniques such as early
prototyping, leveraging 3D printing, and simulation, these efforts
contribute to the continued reduction of go-to-market lead times.

To sustainably manage these challenges, the Group needs to
constantly invest in the competencies of its 11,000 R&D engineers,
both to reinforce its traditional domains of expertise and develop
new ones. Worldwide competency networks, which extend into
universities, research centers and partners remain the backbone
of Schneider Electric's R&D organization. Each network constantly
monitors emerging technologies and competitive trends in its
domain, decides the launch of research efforts to position the
Group ahead of those trends and ensures the related upgrade of
the network's talent pool.

Schneider Electric’s strategy involves growth
through acquisitions and mergers that
are potentially difficult to execute

The Group's strategy involves strengthening its positions through
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and mergers.
Changes in the scope of consolidation during 2015 are described
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5).

External growth projects are examined in detail by the businesses
and corporate functions (strategy, finance, legal affairs, tax
and Human Resources) concerned, under a rigorous internal
process developed and led at Group level. A launch committee is
responsible for initiating the review process to identify the risks and
opportunities associated with each external growth project, while a
number of validation committees review the results on an ongoing
basis. Projects that successfully come through the review process
are submitted for approval to the Group Acquisitions Committee
made up of the main members of senior management. The largest
projects require the prior approval of the Chairman and CEO, who
refers to the the board of directors, if necessary.

External growth transactions are inherently risky because of
the difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations,
technologies and products, and the related acquisition,
administrative and other costs.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

This is why an integration procedure for new acquisitions has been
drawn up. The integration of acquisitions is a process that extends
over a period of six to 24 months depending on the type and size
of the newly acquired company. The integration scenario for each
acquisition varies depending on whether the business was acquired
to strengthen or extend the Group's existing line-up or enter a new
segment. There are a number of different integration scenarios,
ranging from total integration to separate organization. An
integration plan is drawn up for each acquisition and submitted to
the Acquisitions Committee for approval. The plan is implemented
by an integration manager who reports to a Steering Committee
that initially meets at monthly intervals and then on a quarterly basis.

The unit that presents the acquisition project is accountable to the
Group's senior management for meeting clearly defined business
plan targets covering future performance and expected synergies.
Actual performance is measured against business plan targets
during quarterly business reviews and, for the largest acquisitions,
by the board of directors.

Value in use is determined by discounting estimated future cash
flows that will be generated by the tested assets, generally over
a period of not more than five years. These future cash flows are
based on Group management's economic assumptions and
operating forecasts. The discount rate corresponds to Schneider
Electric’s weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at the valuation
date plus a risk premium depending on the region in question
(local risk-free rate), the nature of the target's business (appropriate
beta), and the structure of the financing (taking into account the
debt to equity ratio and risk premium on the debt). The Group’s
WACC stood at 7.3% at December 31, 2015, slightly decreasing
compared to the 2014 financial year. The perpetuity growth rate
was 2%, unchanged on the previous financial year.

Goodwill is allocated to a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) when initially
recognized. The CGU allocation is done on the same basis as used
by Group management to monitor operations and assess synergies
deriving from acquisitions. Impairment tests are performed at
the level of the cash generating unit (CGU), i.e. the Buildings &
Partner, Infrastructure, Industry and IT businesses. Details on asset
impairment are provided in note 1.11 to the consolidated financial
statements (Chapter 5).

Where the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is lower than
its book value, an impairment loss is recognized. Where the
tested CGU comprises goodwill, any impairment losses are firstly
deducted therefrom.

The Group’s success depends on its ability to
attract and retain qualified individuals, and
engaging its workforce to support our Growth
ambition for the future

Competition for highly qualified management and_ technical
personnel is intense in the Group's industry, and becomes a bigger
challenge as the Group continues on its trajectory of growth in
mature economies as well as in new economies. Future continued
success depends in part on the Group's ability to hire, assimilate
and retain engineers, sales people and other qualified personnel,
especially in the area of energy efficiency solutions. This ability
can only result from a strong employee-centric Human Resources
strategy and its ability to prepare its workforce for the future through
learning and identifying talent within the organization.


--- Page 26 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

The Group's Human Resources strategy is strongly anchored
in its « Total Employee Experience » philosophy, ensuring that
Human Resources offers at every stage of an employee's life
cycle within the company remain attractive in order to recognize,
reward and retain employees. The Human Resources Function
is valued as a backbone of support for the business, bringing
efficiency and quality to the employee experience. Our entire
HR Strategy is being developed to support our 2020 vision on
leadership and culture at Schneider Electric. It defines the values
and transformation we want to accomplish, one of them being
to increase our diversity. We believe it is key if we want to keep
on meeting the expectations of our customers through ongoing
innovation. Our multi-polar organization with senior leaders in
every continent has been created to facilitate the growth of talents
in every part of the world.

To nurture the resilient and innovative workforce required for its
success, the Group encourages employees to take ownership
of managing their performance and career development. From
the point of joining, employees are immersed in a learning culture
founded upon three pillars: Education, Experience and Exposure
(SEs). Learning initiatives are actively driven by Human Resources;
internal processes and programs are geared towards creating
learning opportunities for employees; managers are encouraged
to guide and coach employees in their individual development
journeys. At the end, we want our employees to feel accountable
for their development and success at Schneider Electric.

During 2015 further steps were taken to reinforce the active
management of talent at all levels and in all parts of the company.

7.2 Industrial and environmental risks

RISK FACTORS

A state-of-the-art talent management system was introduced to
support employees in planning their career development, while
giving managers and HR specialists enhanced visibility to plan for
longer-term career development and succession to critical roles in
the organization. Our culture of systematically reviewing talent at
every level of the organization gives fair opportunity to everyone
to progress.

The Group's acquisitions and growth ambitions have increased its
global presence and internationalized the profile of its workforce.
This and company reorganization highlighted the importance and
necessity of working well together. Employee engagement efforts
are therefore key to creating a common Schneider Electric identity
while promoting diversity and inclusion. The Group introduced a
global Diversity & Inclusion policy in 2014, and has for the past
few years regularly sought both blue and white-collar feedback
through bi-annual company-wide employee engagement surveys.
Listening to our employees and acting upon their feedback is a
key pillar of our HR Strategy and actions.

These employee engagement efforts support employer branding
initiatives; the Group has actively reached out to prospective
employees through social media platforms and events for targeted
groups, and has continued to gain accolades as an « Employer of
Choice ».

Work continues to be done in these and other areas so that HR is
equipped to effectively deliver its employer value proposition and
further support the Group in its future endeavours.

Defective products or design flaws may cause
bodily harm or property damage and subject
us to product liability claims and other adverse
effects.

Despite its testing and quality procedures, the Group’s products
might not operate properly or might contain design faults or defects,
which could give rise to disputes in respect of our liability as seller or
manufacturer, notably in Europe, where liability related to defective
products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under warranty
and legal proceedings. Such disputes could reduce demand
for our products or harm our reputation for safety and quality. To
prevent or limit these risks, Schneider Electric immediately recalls

products if there are any doubts whatsoever that a product or one
of its components is not 100% safe for people and/or equipment.
Another broad recall campaign involves our global recall of Vigi
Compact NS/NSX circuit breakers produced between 2009 and
2011, which began in 2011 and was continued in 2012 and 2013.
It was concluded in 2014.

As in 2014, no broad product recall was begun in 2015.

Some of the expenses incurred by Schneider Electric in the context
of product recalls are covered by the liability insurance program
described in the « Insurance » section below.

Provisions for product risk totaled EUR459 million as of December
31, 2015 (see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements).

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 39


--- Page 27 ---

1

40

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

The Group’s plants and products are subject to
environmental laws and regulations

Our plants and products are subject to extensive and increasingly
stringent environmental laws and regulations in all countries in
which we operate.

To limit risks related to the environment, the Group is involved in a
process to continuously improve the environmental performance of
its plants and industrial activities, as well as in a review and follow up
of possible environmental risks. In 1992, Schneider Electric issued
a formal environmental policy. This policy is designed to improve
production processes, promote eco-design, and integrate customer
expectations into our environmental protection approach. This
policy also aims to identify, assess and prevent environmental risks,
in order to guarantee full compliance with all environmental laws and
regulations applicable to the Group's businesses, particularly those
in force in the European Union and considered as quite stringent
(e.g. those applicable to our Products, such as WEEE, RoHS and
REACh Regulations). Regarding industrial activities , the Group has
been deploying ISO 9001 , IS014001, OHSAS18001 management
systems, globally. An Integrated Management System (IMS) is being
deployed, bringing together these three management systems and
this helping to drive efficiency and effectiveness. Moreover, already
more than 90 sites have implemented an ISO 50001 Energy
Management System.The Group records environmental provisions
when the risks can be reliably measured, or it is likely that clean-up
work will have to be performed and related costs can be reasonably
estimated. Provisions for environmental risks related to the the
Group's sites, totaled EUR348 million as of December 31, 2015.
If no risk has been identified in a given location, Schneider Electric
will not estimate the financial cost of environmental risks. We expect

7.3 Information systems risks

The Group operates, either directly or through service providers,
a wide range of highly complex information systems, including
servers, networks, applications and databases, that are essential to
the efficiency of our sales and manufacturing processes. Failure of
any of these hardware or software systems, a fulfillment failure by a
service provider, human error or computer viruses could adversely
affect the quality of service offered by the Group.

The Group regularly examines alternative solutions to protect
against this type of risk and has developed contingency plans to
mitigate the effects of any information system failure. Dedicated
governance structures have been set up to manage relations with
service providers responsible for outsourced IT systems operations.

Problems may also be encountered during the deployment of new
applications or software. In particular, in the last few years, the
Group has developed ERPs systems under SAP, which it started
to roll out in 2008. This roll-out process has been carried out fully
or partially in a number of countries since 2008, and is continuing in
France, Brazil, the United States and other countries.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

our spend on environmental compliance programs to increase as
a result of changes to existing environmental regulations and the
introduction of new regulations.

There can be no guarantee that Schneider Electric will not be
required to pay significant fines or compensation as a result of past,
current or future breaches of environmental laws and regulations
by companies that are currently or were previously members of the
Group. This exposure exists even if the Group is not responsible
for the breaches, in cases where they were committed in the past
by companies or businesses that were not part of the Group at the
time.

Schneider Electric may also be exposed to the risk of claims for
breaches of environmental laws and regulations. Such claims
could adversely affect Schneider Electric's financial position and
reputation, despite the efforts and investments made to comply at
all times with all applicable environmental laws and regulations as
they change.

If Schneider Electric fails to conduct its operations in compliance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations, the judicial
or regulatory authorities could require the Group to conduct
investigations and/or implement costly clean-up measures to
deal with the current or past contamination of current or former
production facilities or off-site waste disposal facilities, and to scale
back or temporarily or permanently close facilities in accordance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations.

Finally, the Group may be exposed to new risks related to recent
acquisitions. In application of IFRS rules, these risks are assessed
in the framework of the allocation of the purchase price, as specified
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

In addition to the deployment of ERP systems, the Group is
deploying various applications aimed at enhancing commercial and
supply chain efficiency.

In view of these projects’ complexity, extensive functionalities and
their worldwide deployment, the Group has set up dedicated
governance and cost control structures to manage these issues
and limit the related risks.

However, despite the Group's policy of establishing governance
structures and contingency plans, there can be no assurance
that information systems projects will not be subject to technical
problems and/or execution delays. While it is difficult to accurately
quantify the impact of any such problems or delays, they could
have an adverse effect on inventory levels, service quality and,
consequently, on our financial results.


--- Page 28 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

74 Market risks

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to risks associated with the effect of
changing interest rates in different countries. Interest rate risk on
borrowings is managed at the Group level, based on consolidated
debt and taking into consideration market conditions in order to
optimize overall borrowing costs. Most bond debt is fixed rate. At
December 31, 2015, 90% of the Group’s gross debt was fixed rate.

Maturities of financial liabilities are presented in note 24.1 to the
consolidated financial statements

A 1% increase in interest rates would have a positive impact of
around EUR28 million on the Group's net financial expense.

The financial instruments used to hedge the exposure of the Group
to fluctuations in interest rates are described in note 26 to the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2015.

Exposure to currency exchange risk

The Group's international operations expose it to the risk of
fluctuation of exchange rates. If the Group is not able to hedge
these risks, fluctuations in exchange rates between the euro and
these currencies can have a significant impact on our results and
distort year-on-year performance comparisons.

We manage our exposure to currency risk to reduce the sensitivity of
earnings to changes in exchange rates through hedging programs
relating to receivables, payables and cash flows, which are primarily
hedged by means of forward purchases and sales.

Depending on market conditions, risks in the main currencies may
be hedged based on cash flow forecasting using contracts that
expire in 12 months or less.

Schneider Electric's currency hedging policy is to protect our
subsidiaries against risks on transactions denominated in a
currency other than their functional currency. More than twenty
currencies are involved, with the US dollar, Chinese yuan, Singapore
dollar, Australian dollar, British pound, the Hungarian forint and
Russian rubbles representing the most significant sources of
those risks. The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure
to fluctuations in exchange rates are described in note 26 to the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2015 (Chapter 5).

In 2015, revenue in foreign currencies amounted to EUR21.2 billion,
including around EUR7.0 billion in US dollar and 3.6 billion in
Chinese yuan.

The main exposure of the Group in terms of currency exchange risk
is related to the US dollar, the Chinese yuan and to currencies linked
to the US dollar. The Group estimates that in the current structure
of its operations, a 5% appreciation of the euro compared to the
US dollar would have a negligible impact on operating margin (a
translation effect of EUR32 million on EBITA).

Equity risk

Exposure to equity risk primarily relates to treasury shares but
remains limited. The Group does not use any financial instruments
to hedge these positions.

RISK FACTORS

Anincrease in raw material prices could have
negative consequences

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in energy and raw material
prices, in particular steel, copper, aluminum, silver, lead, nickel, zinc
and plastics. If we are not able to hedge, compensate for or pass on
to customers any such increased costs, this could have an adverse
impact on our financial results.

The Group has, however, implemented certain procedures to limit
exposure to rising non-ferrous and precious raw material prices.
The purchasing departments of the operating units report their
purchasing forecasts to the Corporate Finance and Treasury
Department. Purchase commitments are hedged using forward
contracts, swaps and, to a lesser extent, options.

The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations
in raw material prices are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.

In 2015, purchases of raw materials totaled around EUR1.9 billion,
including around EUR850 million for non-ferrous and precious
metals, of which roughly 55% was for copper. The Group enters
into swap and options agreements intended to hedge all or part
of its non-ferrous and precious metals purchases in order to limit
the impact of price volatility of these raw materials on our results.
At December 31, 2015, the Group had hedged positions with a
nominal value of EUR158 million on these transactions.

Counterparty risk

Financial transactions are entered into with carefully selected
counterparties. Banking counterparties are chosen according
to the customary criteria, including the credit rating issued by an
independent rating agency.

Group policy consists of diversifying counterparty risks and periodic
controls are performed to check compliance with the related rules.

In addition, the Group takes out substantial credit insurance and
uses other types of guarantees to limit the risk of losses on trade
accounts receivable.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity is provided by the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
and undrawn confirmed lines of credit. As of December 31,
2015, the Group had access to cash and cash equivalents
totaling EUR3.0 billion. As of December 31, 2015, the Group
had EUR2.7 billion in undrawn confirmed lines of credit, of which
EUR2.5 billion matures after December 2016.

The Group's credit rating enables it to raise significant long-term
financing and attract a diverse investor base. The Group currently
has an A- credit rating from Standard & Poor’s and an AS credit
rating from Moody's. The Group's liabilities and their terms and
conditions are described in note 24 of Chapter 5.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 41


--- Page 29 ---

1

42

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

In line with the Group's overall policy of conservatively managing
liquidity risk and protecting our financial position, when negotiating
new liquidity facilities the Group avoids the inclusion of clauses that
would have the effect of restricting the availability of credit lines,
such as covenants requiring compliance with certain financial ratios.
As of December 31, 2015, Schneider Electric SE had no financing
or confirmed lines of credit that were subject to covenants requiring
compliance with financial ratios.

The loan agreements or lines of credit for some of our liquidity
facilities include cross-default clauses. If we were to default on any

7.5 Legalrisks

of our liquidity facilities, we could be required to repay the sums due
on some of these facilities.

Moreover, anticipated reimbursement provisions exist for certain
financing and lines of credit in case of change of control. Under
these provisions, the debt holders may demand repayment if
a shareholder or shareholders acting together hold more than
50% of the company’s shares, for the majority of contracts, and
this event triggers a downgrading of the company’s rating. As of
December 31, 2015, EURS.5 billion of the Group's financing and
lines of credit had these types of provisions.

Our products are subject to varying national
and international standards and regulations

Our products, which are sold in national markets worldwide, are
subject to regulations in each of those markets, as well as to various
supranational regulations (sales restrictions, customs tariffs, tax
laws, security standards, etc.). Changes to any of these regulations
or standards or their applicability to the Group’s business could lead
to lower sales or increased operating costs, which would result in
lower earnings and profitability.

Our products are also subject to multiple quality and safety
controls and regulations, and are governed by both national and
supranational standards. The majority of our products comply with
world-recognized International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
standards as well as with the applicable rules in the European
Union, and in particular the REACh and RoHs rules. Any necessary
capital investments or costs of specific measures for compliance
with new or more stringent standards and regulations could have a
negative impact on Group operations.

In addition, in the majority of the markets on which its products
are sold, Schneider Electric is subject to national and supranational
regulations governing competition. If the Group is implicated in
these areas, this could have a significant impact on the Group's
businesses, results and financial position. However, to mitigate
these risks, the Group completed its « Principles of Responsibility »
by implementing a global competition law policy that has been
widely rolled out within the Group, together with a training program
set up by the Legal Affairs Department.

Risks related to products sold

In addition, in case of malfunction or failure of one of its products,
systems or solutions, Schneider Electric could incur liability arising
from any resulting tangible or intangible damages, or personal
injury. Similarly, the Group could incur liability based on errors in the
design of a product, system or solution or because of a malfunction
related to the interface with other products or systems. The failure
of a product, system or solution may involve costs related to the
product recall, result in new expenditures for development, and

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

launch technical and economic resources. Such costs could have a
significant impact on the profitability and cash and cash equivalents
of the Group. The business reputation of Schneider Electric could
also be negatively impacted.

To prevent these risks, Schneider Electric has implemented quality
procedures at the level of design, development and production of
its produvcts, systems and solutions. In case of product returns, the
type and source of the failures are analyzed and corrective actions
are implemented. The Group has also put in place insurance
coverage to cover its civil liability and the risk of product recalls (see
section 1.7 Risk factors on Insurance policy).

The development and success of the
Group’s products depends on its ability
to protect its intellectual property rights

The future success of Schneider Electric depends to a significant
extent on the development and protection of patents, knowledge
and trademarks (« intellectual property rights »). Third parties may
also infringe its intellectual property rights, and the Group may
have to expend significant resources monitoring, protecting and
enforcing its rights. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the
unauthorized use of intellectual property rights remains difficult to
control, particularly in foreign countries whose laws do not always
effectively ensure the protection of these rights. They could be
counterfeited or used without the consent of Schneider Electric,
which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and
operating profit.

To mitigate this risk, the patents developed or purchased by the
Group are tracked by the Industrial Property team within the
Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department. All intellectual
property queries are centralized and managed by this team for the
whole Group and in coordination with the other Finance - Control
- Legal Affairs Departments it ensures that the Group's interests
are defended throughout the world. The same approach and
organization applies for the Group’s brands portfolio.


--- Page 30 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

7.6 Disputes

Following public offers launched in 1993 by SPEP (the holding
company of the Group at the time) for its Belgian subsidiaries
Cofibel and Cofimines, proceedings were initiated against former
Schneider Electric executives in connection with the former Empain-
Schneider Group’s management of its Belgian subsidiaries, notably
the Tramico sub-group. At the end of March 2006, a criminal court
in Brussels, Belgium, ruled that some of the defendants were
responsible for certain of the alleged offenses and that some of the
plaintiffs’ claims were admissible. The plaintiffs claimed damages
representing losses of EUR5.3 million stemming from alleged
management decisions that reduced the value of or undervalued
assets presented in the prospectus used in conjunction with
the offering, as well as losses of EUR4.9 million in relation to
transactions carried out by PB Finance, a company in which Cofibel
and Cofimines then held minority interests. In its ruling, the court
also appointed an expert to assess the loss suffered by those
plaintiffs whose claims were ruled admissible. The expert's report
was submitted in 2008. The defendants and the companies held
Civilly liable contest the amounts provided by the legal expert in their
entirety on the basis of such reports drawn up by Deloitte. Schneider
Electric and its Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel and Cofimines were
held civilly liable for the actions of their senior executives who were
found liable. Schneider Electric is paying the legal expenses not
covered by the insurance of the former executives involved. After a
settlement agreement was signed with a group of plaintiffs, the case
now remains pending before the Brussels Appeals Court, due to (i)
appeals against parts of the March 2006 ruling and (ii) a ruling made
in 2011 by the Court of First Instance regarding the admissibility of
the plaintiffs’ claims.

In connection with the disposal of Spie Batignolles, Schneider
Electric booked provisions to cover the risks associated with certain
major contracts and projects. Most of the risks were closed during
1997. Provisions were booked for the remaining risks, based on
management's best estimate of the potential financial impact. One
of the main issues concerns pending litigation in France with SNCF
before the administrative court. However, the Group has been
discussing the issue with SNCF and an agreement could settle the
dispute in 2016.

New files implicating the Group for Spie Batignolles’ past activities
could still arise and result in costs associated with defending the
Group's interests.

Schneider Electric and other companies in the high voltage sector
have been involved in legal proceedings with regard to an alleged
agreement initiated by the European Commission concerning gas
insulated switchgears (GIS). These procedures involve two former
Group subsidiaries operating in the high voltage segment that were
sold in 2001 and that are now part of the Siemens group. Schneider
Electric did not appeal the decision made by the Commission
with regard to this matter on January 24, 2007 and was fined

RISK FACTORS

EUR8.1 million and then introduced several legal actions in order
to recover a total or partial reimbursement of the amount of this
fine from its two former subsidiaries. After several legal actions, a
decision on the entire issue was made on April 10, 2014, by the
Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). A settlement was
reached between Schneider Electric and its two former subsidiaries
in 2015, ending this dispute trhough a balanced split of the fine
between the three parties involved.

In relation to the GIS disputes, on May 21, 2010, British company
Power Networks (LPN - formerly EDF Energy UK) launched a claim
against the same companies, including Schneider Electric, for
damages of GBP15 million in the High Court in London, England.
This claim is currently being investigated and there were no
significant judicial developments in 2015. However, the defendants
(including of wich Schneider Electric SE) have been conducting
discussions with LPN and an agreement could settle the dispute
in 2016.

In addition, some Group entities worldwide, including in Brazil and
Pakistan, are directly or indirectly cited in anti-trust proceedings
without, however, the proven or serious risk of conviction in this
regard having been identified to date.

Schneider Electric was also among 2,000 companies worldwide
that were mentioned in the Volcker report on the Oil for Food
program published by the UN in October 2005. Schneider Electric
Industries SAS was investigated by the French judiciary in 2010
in relation to this report, which stated that the Group had entered
into agreements with the Iraqi government between 2000 and
2004 under which surcharge payments totaling approximately
USD450,000 are alleged to have been made to the Iraqi
government. In May 2013, in accordance with the indictment of
the Public Prosecutor's Department, the judge referred Schneider
Electric Industries SAS and 13 other French companies to the
criminal court, which rended its decision on June 16 2015,
discharging all the companies. However, the Bench appealed on
this decision,wich is currently scheduled to judged by the Appeal
Court of Paris in December 2016

Various other claims, administrative notices and legal proceedings
have been filed against the Group concerning such issues as
contractual demands, counterfeiting, risk of bodily harm linked to
asbestos in certain older products and work contracts.

Although it is impossible to forecast the results and/or costs of
these proceedings with certainty, Schneider Electric considers that
they will not, by their nature, have significant effects on the Group's
business, assets, financial position or profitability. The company is not
aware of any other governmental, court or arbitration proceedings,
which are pending or which threaten the company, that are liable to
have or, during the last 12 months have had, a material effect on the
financial position or profitability of the company and/or the Group.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 43


--- Page 31 ---

1

44

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

7.7_\nsurance policy

Schneider Electric's general policy for managing insurable risks
is designed to defend the interests of employees and customers
and to protect the company’s assets, the environment and its
shareholders’ investment.

This strategy entails:

identifying and analyzing the impact of the main risks;

preventing risks and protecting industrial equipment; definition of
protection standards for sites (including when those are managed
by third parties) against the risk of fire and malicious intent, audits
of the main sites by an independent loss prevention company,
roll-out of a self-assessment questionnaire for the other Group
sites;

drawing up of business continuity plans, in particular for the
Group main sites and critical suppliers;

roll-out of crisis management tools by the Group's Security
Department;

carrying out hazard and vulnerability studies and safety
management for people and equipment;

implementing global insurance programs negotiated at the
Group level for all subsidiaries with insurers meeting the criteria
for financial position recognized by insurance and reinsurance
players;

optimization of financing for frequent, low amplitude risks through
retentions managed either directly (deductibles) or through
captive insurance companies.

Liability insurance

A new three-year insurance program was put in place effective
January 1, 2015 with the same insurer. This program, deployed in
more than 70 countries, provides coverage and limits in line with the
current size of the Group and its evolving risks and commitments.

Certain specific risks, such as aeronautic, nuclear and environmental
risk, are covered by specific insurance programs.

Property damage and business interruption
insurance

The global insurance program renewed in July 2014 for a duration
of two years was continued in 2015. This is an « all risks except »
contract which covers events that could affect Schneider Electric's
property (including fire, explosion, natural disaster, machinery
breakdown) as well as business interruption resulting from those
risks. The EUR350 million global limit of indemnity has been
increased for the largest sites. Certain guarantees, in particular,
natural disasters and machinery breakdown, have lower insurance
caps. These limits were determined on the basis of available
capacity on the market, loss scenarios prepared by the prevention
company that carries out the audits of our industrial sites and, for
earthquake risk, modeling carried out by specialized companies.

Assets are insured at replacement value.

2015 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Transport insurance

The insurance program that covers all risks of loss or damage to
goods while in transit, including intragroup shipments, renewed on
January 1, 2014, was continued in 2015.

Erection all risk insurance

The erection all risk insurance program providing cover for damage
to work and equipment for projects taking place at our clients’
premises was continued in 2015.

Other risks

In addition, Schneider Electric has taken out specific cover in
response to certain local conditions, regulations or the requirements
of certain risks, projects and businesses.

Self-insurance

To optimize costs, Schneider Electric self-insures certain frequent,
low-amplitude risks through two captive insurance companies:

¢ A captive company based in Luxembourg provides property
damage reinsurance worldwide capped at EURS million per year,
and liability reinsurance outside the USA and Canada capped at
EUR17 million per year;

For the entities located in the USA and Canada, a captive
insurance company based in Vermont (USA) is used to
standardize deductibles for civil liability, workers’ compensation
and automobile liability. These retentions range from USD1 million
to USD5 million per claim, depending on the risk. An actuary
validates the provisions recorded by the captive company each
year.

The cost of self-insured claims is not material at the Group level.

Cost of insurance programs

The cost (including tax) of the Group’s main global insurance
programs, excluding premiums paid to captives, totaled around
EUR23.5 million in 2015.
