

--- Page 1 ---

A.1 Business and economic environment

A.1.1 The Siemens Group

A.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
We are a technology company with core activities in the fields
of electrification, automation and digitalization, and activi-
ties in nearly all countries of the world. Siemens comprises
Siemens AG, a stock corporation under the Federal laws of
Germany, as the parent company and its subsidiaries. Our
Company is incorporated in Germany, with our corporate head-
quarters situated in Munich. As of September 30, 2015, Siemens
had around 348,000 employees.

Following the organizational changes described in the Annual
Report for fiscal 2014, we have the following reportable seg-
ments beginning with fiscal 2015: the Divisions Power and
Gas; Wind Power and Renewables; Energy Management;
Building Technologies; Mobility; Digital Factory; and Pro-
cess Industries and Drives as well as the separately managed
business Healthcare, which together form our Industrial Busi-
ness. The Division Financial Services (SFS) supports the activ-
ities of our Industrial Business and also conducts its own busi-
ness with external customers. As “global entrepreneurs” our
Divisions and Healthcare carry business responsibility world-
wide, including with regard to their operating results.

Our reportable segments may do business with each other,
leading to corresponding orders and revenue. Such orders and
revenue are eliminated on the Group level.

A.1.1.2 BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

For more information on the portfolio transactions described
below, see —> NoTE 3 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

The Power and Gas Division offers a broad spectrum of prod-
ucts and solutions for generating electricity from fossil fuels
and for producing and transporting oil and gas. The portfolio
includes gas turbines, steam turbines, generators to be applied
to gas or steam power plants, compressors, integrated power
plant solutions, and instrumentation and control systems for
power generation. Customers are public utilities and indepen-
dent power producers, companies in engineering, procurement
and construction that serve these companies, and companies
that generate power for their own consumption. Due to the
broad range of its offerings, the Division's revenue mix may
vary from reporting period to reporting period depending on
the share of revenue attributable to products, solutions and
services. Because typical profitability levels differ among these
three revenue sources, the revenue mix in a reporting period
accordingly affects Division profit for that period. In June 2015,
Siemens acquired all shares of Dresser-Rand Group Inc. (Dresser-
Rand), a world-leading supplier for the oil and gas industry.

Combined Management Report

With Dresser-Rand on board, we have a comprehensive port-
folio of equipment and capability for the oil and gas industry
and a much expanded installed base, allowing us to address
the needs of the market with products, solutions and services.
In December 2014, Siemens acquired the Rolls-Royce Energy
aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor business of Rolls-
Royce plc, U.K. (Rolls-Royce). By acquiring Rolls-Royce’s small
and medium aero-derivative gas turbines business, we closed a
technology gap in our extensive gas turbine portfolio.

The Wind Power and Renewables Division designs, manufac-
tures and installs wind turbines for onshore and offshore appli-
cations. This includes both geared turbines and direct drive tur-
bines. The product portfolio is based on four product platforms,
two for each of the onshore and offshore applications. The Divi-
sion serves a variety of customers, in particular large utilities
and independent power producers. Due to the significant off-
shore business of the Division and its activities in the Northern
hemisphere, production and installations are typically higher
during spring and summer months because of the more favor-
able weather and marine conditions during those seasons. The
revenue mix of these businesses may vary from reporting pe-
riod to reporting period depending on the project mix between
onshore and offshore projects in the respective period. The Divi-
sion also includes a minority stake in a hydro power business.

The Power Generation Services Division offers comprehen-
sive services for products, solutions and technologies, covering
performance enhancements, maintenance services, customer
trainings and consulting services for the Divisions Power
and Gas and Wind Power and Renewables. Financial results of
these two Divisions include the respective financial results of
the Power Generation Services Division, which itself is not a
reportable segment. Based on the business model, all discus-
sions of the services business for Power and Gas as well as
Wind Power and Renewables concern the Power Generation
Services Division.

The Energy Management Division offers a wide spectrum of
products, systems, solutions, software and services for trans-
mitting and distributing power and for developing intelligent
grid infrastructure. The Division's customers include power
providers, network operators, industrial companies, infrastruc-
ture developers and construction companies. The offerings are
used to process and transmit electrical power from the source
down to various load points along the power transmission and
distribution networks to the power consumers. Our solutions
for smart grids enable a bidirectional flow of energy and infor-
mation, which is required for the integration of more renew-
able energy sources into conventional power transmission and
distribution networks. In addition, the Division's portfolio in-
cludes power supply solutions for conventional power plants


--- Page 2 ---

and renewable energy systems as well as substations for urban
and rural distribution networks. We also offer energy-efficient
solutions for heavy industry, the oil and gas industry and the
process industries. The portfolio is rounded off by solutions
and energy storage systems for integrating renewable energy
into power grids, together with vertical IT software applica-
tions that link energy consumers and producers.

The Building Technologies Division is a leading provider of
automation technologies and services for safe, secure and effi-
cient buildings and infrastructures throughout their lifecycles.
The Division offers products, solutions and services for fire
safety, security, building automation, heating, ventilation, air
conditioning and energy management. The large customer
base is widely dispersed. It includes public and commercial
building owners, operators and tenants, building construction
general contractors and system houses. Changes in the over-
all economic environment generally have a delayed effect on
the Division's business activities. Particularly in the solutions
and service businesses, Building Technologies is affected by
changes in the non-residential construction markets with a
time lag of two to four quarters.

The Mobility Division combines all Siemens businesses in
the area of passenger and freight transportation, including rail
vehicles, rail automation systems, rail electrification systems,
road traffic technology, IT solutions and related services. The
Division also provides its customers with consulting, plan-
ning, financing, construction, service and operation of turnkey
mobility systems. Integrated mobility solutions for networking
of different traffic systems round off Mobility’s offerings. The
principal customers of the Mobility Division are public and
state-owned companies in the transportation and logistics sec-
tors. Markets served by Mobility are driven primarily by public
spending. Customers usually have multi-year planning and
implementation horizons, and their contract tenders therefore
tend to be independent of short-term economic trends.

The Digital Factory Division offers a range of products and
system solutions for automation technologies and industrial
controls used in manufacturing industries. The Division is a
leading provider of industry software together with a compre-
hensive product and service portfolio that covers all aspects of
“Industrie 4.0" - a German high-tech industrial strategy. The
Division supports customers in transforming their traditional
companies into digital enterprises, in increasing the flexibility
and efficiency of their production processes and in reducing
the time to market for new products. The Division's lifecycle
services and data-driven services complement its products and
system solutions. The Divisions’ offerings are geared largely
to the manufacturing industry and its major markets such as
automotive, aerospace, machine tools and plant installations.

Because demand depends directly on the investment decisions
of end customers as well as indirectly on orders from OEMs, a
downturn or upswing in the overall economic environment
impacts the Division’s business results more timely than those
of other Siemens businesses.

The Process Industries and Drives Division offers its custom-
ers standard products including converters, gears, motors,
drives and couplings on the one hand and also customized, ap-
plication-specific systems and solutions on the other hand. In
addition, the Division supplies machine-to-machine communi-
cation products and sensors that measure pressure, tempera-
ture or flow rate for example. The Division’s products, systems
and industry-specific solutions as well as end-to-end services
are designed to increase productivity, energy efficiency and re-
liability of machinery and installations, mainly in industries
such as oil &gas, shipbuilding, mining, cement, pulp and paper,
chemicals, food and beverage, and pharmaceuticals. In addi-
tion, the Division sells gears, couplings and drive solutions to
other Divisions of the Siemens Group, which use them in rail
transport and wind turbines. Demand within the industries
served by the Division generally shows a delayed response to
changes in the overall economic environment. Even so, the
Division is strongly dependent on investment cycles in its key
industries. In basic process industries such as oil &gas or min-
ing, these cycles are driven mainly by commodity price fluctu-
ations rather than changes in produced volumes.

Healthcare is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technol-
ogy to the healthcare industry and a leader in medical imaging
and laboratory diagnostics. We provide medical technology and
software solutions as well as clinical consulting services, sup-
ported by a comprehensive training and service portfolio. There-
fore, we offer our customers a comprehensive portfolio of med-
ical solutions along the healthcare continuum of care - from
prevention and early detection to diagnosis, treatment and fol-
low-up care. Because large portions of our revenue stem from
recurring business, our business activities are to a certain ex-
tent resilient to short-term economic trends but dependent on
regulatory and policy developments around the world. During
fiscal 2015, we completed the sale of several businesses, in par-
ticular the hearing aid business and the hospital information
business. With the beginning of fiscal 2016, Healthcare is stra-
tegically reorganized into six newly defined business areas
and six regions. The Business Areas are Diagnostic Imaging,
Laboratory Diagnostics, Advanced Therapies, Ultrasound, Point
of Care Diagnostics and Services.

The Financial Services (SFS) Division provides business-to-
business financial solutions. With specialist financing and
technology expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, SFS
supports customer investments with leasing solutions and

Combined Management Report


--- Page 3 ---

equipment, project and structured financing. SFS provides cap-
ital for Siemens customers as well as other companies and also
manages financial risks of Siemens. SFS operates the Corporate
Treasury of the Siemens Group, which includes managing
liquidity, cash and interest risks as well as certain foreign
exchange, credit and commodities risks. Business activities
and tasks of Corporate Treasury are reported in the segment
information within Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

A.1.1.3 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Our research and development (R&D) activities are ultimately
geared to developing innovative, sustainable solutions for our
customers — and the Siemens businesses — and simultaneously
safeguarding our competitiveness. For these reasons, we focus
in particular

> on enabling energy supplies that are also economically sus-
tainable;

> further enhancing efficiency in the generation of renewable
and conventional power and minimizing losses during power
transmission;

> finding novel solutions for smart grids and for the storage of
energy from renewable sources with irregular availability;

> promoting the efficient utilization of energy, especially in
buildings, industry and transportation, e.g. through highly
efficient drives for production facilities or for local and
long-distance trains;

> creating the highly flexible, connected factories of tomorrow
using advanced automation and digitalization technologies;

> turn unstructured data into value-adding information, e.g.
when providing services such as preventive maintenance;

> advancing the integration of medical imaging technology, in
vitro diagnostics and IT for medical engineering to support
achievement of improved patient outcomes.

Beyond these points of focus, we recognize how important
highly sophisticated software solutions are for all the fields of
business in which Siemens is active. R&D activities are carried
out by our businesses as well as our Corporate Technology (CT)
department.

Corporate Technology is both a creative driver of disruptive
innovations and a partner to the Siemens businesses. The R&D
activities are focused on the company’s core activities in the
fields of electrification, automation, and digitization. In many
research projects, CT works closely with scholars from leading
universities and research institutions. These partnerships, along
with a close collaboration with start-ups, are an important part
of Siemens’ open innovation concept, which is designed to
make the company even more innovative.

Combined Management Report

In fiscal 2015, we reported research and development expenses
of €4.5 billion, compared to €4.0 billion in fiscal 2014. The re-
sulting R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D expenses
and revenue, was 5.9%, thus above the R&D intensity of 5.6%
in fiscal 2014. As of September 30, 2015, Siemens held approx-
imately 56,200 granted patents worldwide in its continuing
operations. As of September 30, 2014, it held approximately
56,100 granted patents. On average, we had 32,100 R&D
employees in fiscal 2015.

Research and Development in our businesses

R&D at the Power and Gas Division concentrates on develop-
ing products and solutions for enhancing efficiency, flexibility
and economy in power generation and in the oil and gas indus-
try. These products and solutions include turbomachinery —
primarily high-performance, low-emission gas turbines for
single operation or for combined cycle power plants - and com-
pressor solutions for various process industries. The Division's
technology initiative started in fiscal 2015 is aimed at intensify-
ing R&D in innovative materials, advanced manufacturing
methods and plant optimization. Along with promoting digita-
lization in overall product lifecycles, Power and Gas is on track
preparing for changing energy markets and their increasingly
diversified centralized and decentralized structures.

At Siemens’ Wind Power and Renewables Division, our R&D
efforts are focused on innovative products and solutions that
allow us to take the lead in performance, improve our compet-
itiveness, and build a stronger business case to present to our
customers. This includes finding ways to more intelligently
monitor and analyze turbine conditions, and smart diagnostic
services. Our R&D efforts also focus on digitalization. At our
remote diagnostics center in Brande, Denmark, we collect digi-
tal data from nearly 10,000 turbines in more than 30 countries:
a total of more than 24 million data sets annually. We use this
data to provide value for our customers: in 85% of cases, prob-
lems can be corrected and turbines restarted without the need
to send out a service team.

The R&D activities of our Energy Management Division focus
on preparing our portfolio for changes on all voltage levels in
the world of electricity. The increasing infeed of renewable
energy to power grids requires that those grids become more
flexible and efficient, particularly with distributed generation
on the rise. The digitalization of future grids will enable intel-
ligent grid operation and data-driven services. Cost-out pro-
grams and optimization of our footprint are improving the
competitiveness of our product portfolio on global markets.
Our innovations are centered on power electronics, digitaliza-
tion or grid stabilization. The full integration of energy supply
systems with process automation is a core portfolio element for
industrial applications and infrastructures.


--- Page 4 ---

R&D work at the Building Technologies Division focuses on
optimizing comfort, operational and energy efficiency in build-
ings and infrastructures, protecting against fire and security
hazards, and minimizing related risks. We aim to create a port-
folio of products and services ranging from the field level to
the cloud, based on open standards wherever possible. This
includes data-based services for new ways of optimizing energy
consumption, easily scalable and reasonably priced services, a
new and harmonized system landscape with particularly effec-
tive integration of electrical consumption, fire detection and
HVAC (heating, ventilation, air conditioning) systems, and a
complete range of field-level products tailored specifically to
growing markets.

The Mobility Division's R&D strategy addresses customers’ de-
mand for maximum availability, high throughput and enhanced
passenger experience. Although there is a growing need for
mobility worldwide, possibilities for building new roads and
railways are limited. Meeting the demand for mobility requires
intelligent solutions that make transport more efficient, safe
and environmentally friendly. Reflecting this, Mobility’s R&D
activities strongly emphasize digitalization in developing state-
of-the art rail vehicles, automation solutions for rail and road
traffic, and rail electrification systems. Most of these goals can
be achieved only with intelligent IT solutions such as WLAN-
based control systems for driverless and conductorless metro
train operation, decentralized wayside architecture for rail au-
tomation, cloud-based product solutions, or Integrated Mobility
Platforms that intelligently network passengers, mobility ser-
vice providers and traffic management centers.

One of the R&D priorities at the Digital Factory Division is the
Digital Enterprise Software Suite. Using Teamcenter software
for central data management, the Digital Enterprise Software
Suite creates a seamless data connection across the entire
value chain - from product design to production planning and
set-up all the way to real production and subsequent service.
Innovative data services are another field of research: Siemens
has already developed an open cloud solution for analyzing
large datasets in industry. Data-based services such as pre-
dictive maintenance, asset and energy data management can
be hosted on this platform. Control of Hybrid Manufacturing
is another example. Additive manufacturing (e.g. 3D printing)
is combined with subtractive procedures (e.g. milling) in
one machine to ensure that components or products with a
high degree of individualization can be manufactured quickly
and efficiently.

The R&D strategy of the Process Industries and Drives Divi-
sion is focusing on the digitalization of crucial portfolio ele-
ments across the complete lifecycle of processing plants. Inno-
vative technologies for sensors, actuators, communications

and simulations are prerequisites for end-to-end digitalization
and automation and require, for example, consistent engineer-
ing, optimized and more efficient processes, and intelligent
and predictive service concepts. The Division is also developing
technologies for the digital oil field and the electric propeller
pod drive. Our gears portfolio will be expanded and gears will
be integrated into a digitalized condition monitoring and con-
trolling system while increasing energy efficiency, reducing
material costs and further cutting emissions.

The R&D activities of our Healthcare business are directed to-
wards our growth fields in therapy, molecular diagnostics, and
services. We want to tap the full potential of imaging solutions
in therapy and to establish a closer connection between diag-
nostics and therapy in cardiology, interventional clinical disci-
plines, surgery, and radiation oncology. Strategic partnerships
are an essential part of our strategy to reach this goal. Expand-
ing our innovation map beyond our established portfolio, and
investing in new ideas will help us tap new business fields. As
an example, we will drive our activities in the highly dynamic
growth field of molecular diagnostics. We will expand our ser-
vices business beyond product-related services by adding a dig-
ital services portfolio and increasing enterprise transformation
services to help customers in their transition to value-based
care within more and more provider organizations across geo-
graphical borders.

A1.2 Economic environment

A.1.2.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The global economic outlook deteriorated during fiscal year
2015, particularly for many emerging economies. The main rea-
son for the deceleration in commodity exporting countries is
globally weaker demand for raw materials and a further soften-
ing of the Chinese economy that suffered from weaker foreign
demand, slower investment activity, a correction in real estate
markets, and overcapacities in several industries. Additional
stress for emerging countries resulted from capital outflows and
exchange rates depreciation. Severe recessions have followed
in Russia and Brazil, both countries having to deal with addi-
tional adverse shocks. A rare exception amongst the emerging
economies is India, where the recovery has gained traction.

In the European economies, growth improved slightly in the
first half of calendar 2015. Uncertainties stemming from the
Greek bailout renegotiations and Greece's snap referendum
on the bailout proposal had only minor impact on economic
activity outside Greece itself, which is again in a deep recession
after the economy started to stabilize last year. The German
economy grew a solid 1.7%, with fixed investments expanding
even faster at 2.4%.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 5 ---

The U.S. economy experienced a slowdown during the start of
the year as a result of a harsh winter and disruptions caused by
port strikes. The acceleration in the succeeding quarters
showed that the underlying recovery trend was intact, mainly
because of strong domestic demand. In particular, fixed invest-
ments performed better than the overall economy, although
capital expenditures related to oil and gas production declined
significantly due to lower oil prices. Strong consumption ex-
penditures were fueled by a steadily improving labor market.

All in all the negative effects outweighed the positive ones,
leading to declining worldwide gross domestic product (GDP)
forecasts for 2015 in the course of the year, down to 2.5%
growth from 3.2% expected in October 2014. Fixed investments
are forecast to expand by 2.4% in calendar 2015, down from
4.5% expected in October 2014.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP and fixed
investments are calculated by Siemens based on an IHS Global
Insight report dated October 15, 2015.

A.1.2.2, MARKET DEVELOPMENT

The markets of the Power and Gas Division remained challeng-
ing in fiscal 2015. This was particularly evident in the market for
steam turbines where volume shrank substantially year-over-
year due including to an ongoing shift from coal-fired to gas-
fired power generation in the U.S. and emission regulation e.g.
in China. Demand in compression markets declined year-over-
year. This was due mainly to a fall in capital expenditure for oil
and gas upstream applications following the global oil price
decline in 2014. In contrast, demand in the gas turbine market
grew in fiscal 2015, driven by demand for replacement of aged
existing inefficient and inflexible power plants, particularly
in the U.S.; energy market reform in Mexico; and rising de-
mand for energy in emerging countries, particularly China and
countries in Latin America and the Middle East. The Division's
competition consists mainly of two groups: a relatively small
number of equipment manufacturers, some with very strong
positions in their domestic markets, and on the other hand a
large number of engineering, procurement and construction
contractors. The gas turbine market is experiencing overcapac-
ity among original equipment manufacturers and engineering,
procurement and construction contractors, which is leading to
market consolidation.

Markets served by the Wind Power and Renewables Division
grew moderately in fiscal 2015. Overall growth was driven by
the onshore wind power market segment, while the relatively
smaller offshore wind power market segment saw a slight de-
cline year-over-year. On a geographic basis, growth was strong
in China, which has the largest national wind market in the
world, but where market access for foreign manufacturers

Combined Management Report

remains difficult. Policy and regulatory frameworks continue to
influence regional wind power markets. For example, the pro-
duction tax credit remained pertinent for the U.S. market. In
Germany, the scheduled expiration of feed-in-tariffs beginning
with calendar 2017 for newly build onshore wind power plants
fueled demand in fiscal 2015. Market growth also benefited
from stronger demand from some emerging countries in the
Middle East, in Africa and Latin America. The competitive situ-
ation in wind power differs in the two major market segments.
In the markets for onshore wind farms, competition is widely
dispersed without any one company holding a dominant share
of the market. In contrast, markets for offshore wind farms con-
tinue to be dominated by a few experienced market players.
Consolidation is moving forward in both on- and offshore seg-
ments, including exits of smaller players. The key drivers of
consolidation are technology challenges and market access
challenges, which increase development costs and the impor-
tance of risk sharing in offshore wind power.

In fiscal 2015, markets for the Energy Management Division
saw demand growth overall. The utilities market, the Division's
most important customer segment, showed moderate growth.
There was also stronger demand from the chemicals, metals
and construction industries year-over-year. Within the chemi-
cals industry, drivers of growth were sustainability and energy
efficiency. In the Americas, growth in the chemicals industry
benefited from process industries, which showed a trend to-
wards re-industrialization in the U.S. and a build-up of capac-
ities within the region overall. Within the metals markets,
demand was held back by continued overcapacities and re-
duced investment activity, particularly in the region Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East. Construction markets grew in all
regions. In contrast, demand in the Division's oil and gas and
minerals and mining markets declined year-over-year. The oil
and gas industry has significantly reduced capital expenditures
due to the global oil price decline. The minerals and mining
industry suffers from lower demand for raw materials, mainly
driven by the economic slowdown in China, and also by over-
capacities and higher extraction costs. Competitors of the
Energy Management Division consist mainly of a small number
of large multinational companies. International competition is
increasing from manufacturers in emerging countries such as
China, India and Korea.

Markets for the Building Technologies Division grew moder-
ately in fiscal 2015. Growth was driven by rising demand from
the U.S. and Asia, despite weaker growth in China. Within the
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, markets in the Middle
East grew stronger than the region overall. The European mar-
ket grew modestly with growth in Germany, the U.K., and Scan-
dinavian countries above average. The Division's principal com-
petitors are multinational companies. Its solutions and services


--- Page 6 ---

business also competes with system integrators and small local
companies. The Division faces continuing price pressure, par-
ticularly in its solutions business, due to strong competition
from system houses and some larger competitors.

Markets for the Mobility Division grew moderately in fiscal
2015, with all regions contributing to growth. Market develop-
ment in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region was char-
acterized by continuous investment and awards of large orders.
This was particularly evident in Germany, the U.K. and Russia.
Demand in the Middle East and in Africa was mainly driven by
turnkey and rail infrastructure projects. In the Americas region,
growth continued to benefit from demand for passenger loco-
motives and urban transport products in the U.S. Chinese mar-
kets saw ongoing investments in high-speed trains, urban
transport and rail infrastructure. The Division’s principal com-
petitors are multinational companies. Consolidation among
Mobility’s competitors is continuing.

In fiscal 2015, markets for the Digital Factory Division grew in
all regions. Markets in Asia, Australia grew more strongly than
in other regions but growth dynamics lost momentum signifi-
cantly compared to fiscal 2014, particularly in China. While
growth in Europe accelerated somewhat year-over-year, markets
in the Americas showed a mixed picture: In the U.S. demand
from consumer-oriented manufacturing industries was strong,
whereas factory automation investment slowed down in coun-
tries affected by reduced global demand for export commodi-
ties including oil and gas. Within the Division’s customer seg-
ments, markets for the manufacturing and machine building
industries grew slightly overall in fiscal 2015, with decelerating
growth during the course of the fiscal year. A slow-down in
growth was particularly evident in the global automotive in-
dustry, which showed strong growth at the beginning of the
fiscal year but started to cut investments due to lower demand
for cars in emerging countries. The competition for Digital
Factory's business activities can be grouped into two catego-
ries: multinational companies that offer a relatively broad port-
folio and companies that are active only in certain geographic
or product markets.

Markets served by the Process Industries and Drives Division
grew slightly in fiscal 2015. While all regions contributed to
growth and growth rates in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East
were lower than in the Americas and Asia, Australia, growth
rates in the latter two regions came in below the levels in prior
years. Within the Division’s main industries, demand from the
chemicals, food and beverage, and pharmaceuticals industries
grew year-over-year. This growth was largely offset by lower
demand from the oil and gas and the mining industries. Com-
petitors of the Division's business activities can be grouped into
two categories: multinational companies that offer a relatively

broad portfolio and companies that are active only in certain
geographic or product markets. Consolidation is taking place
mostly in particular market segments and not across the broad
base of the Division's portfolio. Consolidation in solution-driven
markets is going in the direction of in-depth niche market ex-
pertise, whereas consolidation of the product-driven market
follows the line of convergence. Most major competitors have
established global bases for their businesses. In addition, the
competition has become increasingly focused on technological
improvements and cost position.

In fiscal 2015, markets served by Healthcare continued to
grow. Growth was again driven by emerging markets, which
continued to build up their healthcare infrastructures and ex-
pand access to modern medical technology for their growing
populations. Market development in industrialized countries
remained weak, impacted by healthcare reforms and budgetary
constraints. Healthcare’s imaging customers saw growing de-
mand for diagnostic imaging procedures but also experienced
increasing public pressure to slow the growth of healthcare
costs. Growth in the large Chinese imaging market was weak
compared to prior years. Together with market entries of local
vendors this led to increased price pressure. Within the mar-
kets for clinical products, demand in the low-end product seg-
ment in emerging markets was the main growth driver, while
demand in industrialized countries remained stable year-over-
year. Within emerging economies, the market for clinical prod-
ucts increasingly includes incentives for local production,
particularly in China, Brazil and Russia. Growth in in-vitro diag-
nostics markets is benefiting from increasing test volumes as
populations are aging. Overall, demand for in-vitro diagnostics
solutions from emerging markets, particularly China, grew
faster than markets in industrialized countries. For the health-
care market as a whole, the trend towards consolidation con-
tinues. Competition among the leading companies is strong,
including with respect to price.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 7 ---

8

A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

Within One Siemens, we have established a financial frame-
work - for revenue growth, for profitability and capital effi-
ciency, for our capital structure, and for our dividend policy.
Beginning with fiscal 2015 we modified our financial frame-
work in the course of organizational changes and due to our
new strategy “Vision 2020", as described in the 7 ANNUAL REPORT
FOR FISCAL 2014.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to grow our rev-
enue faster than the average weighted revenue growth of our
most relevant competitors. Our primary measure for managing
and controlling our revenue growth is comparable growth,
which excludes currency translation and portfolio effects.

A.2.3 Profitability and capital efficiency

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to achieve mar-
gins through the entire business cycle that are comparable to
those of our relevant competitors. Therefore, we have defined
profit margin ranges for our Industrial Business, which are based
on the profit margins of the respective relevant competitors.

| Profit margin ranges

Margin range
Power and Gas 11-15%
Wind Power and Renewables 5 - 8%
Energy Management 710%
Building Technologies 8-11%
Mobility 6- 9%
Digital Factory 14-20%
Process Industries and Drives 8- 12%
Healthcare 15 - 19%
SFS ((ROE) (after taxes)) 15 - 20%

Combined Management Report

In line with common practice in the financial services business,
our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at Finan-
cial Services (SFS) is return on equity after tax, or ROE (after
tax). ROE is defined as SFS' profit after tax, divided by the Divi-
sions’ average allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This
measure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS)
from net income, which we use in communication to the capital
markets.

To emphasize and evaluate our continuous efforts to improve
productivity, we incorporated a measure called total cost pro-
ductivity into our One Siemens framework. We define this
measure as the ratio of cost savings from defined productivity
improvement measures to the aggregate of functional costs for
the Siemens Group. We aim to achieve an annual value of 3% to
5% for Total cost productivity.

Within the framework of One Siemens, we seek to work profit-
ably and as efficiently as possible with the capital provided
by our shareholders and lenders. For purposes of managing
and controlling our capital efficiency, we use return on capital
employed, or ROCE, as our primary measure. We aim to achieve
a range of 15% to 20%.

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consideration within
the framework of One Siemens is to maintain ready access to the
capital markets through various debt products and preserve
our ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time.
Our primary measure for managing and controlling our capital
structure is the ratio of industrial net debt to EBITDA. This
financial measure indicates the approximate amount of time in
years that would be needed to cover industrial net debt through
income from continuing operations, without taking into account
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We aim to achieve
a ratio of up to 1.0.


--- Page 8 ---

A.2.5 Dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to our
shareholders. Therefore, we intend to realize a dividend payout
range, of 40% to 60% of net income, which we may adjust for
this purpose to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects.
As in the past, we intend to fund the dividend payout from Free
cash flow.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the follow-
ing proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for the fiscal year 2015: to distribute a dividend of
€3.50 on each share of no par value entitled to the dividend for
fiscal year 2015 existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting, with the remaining amount to be carried forward. Pay-
ment of the proposed dividend is contingent upon approval by
Siemens shareholders at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on
January 26, 2016. The prior-year dividend was €3.30 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.50 per share for fiscal 2015 rep-
resents a total payout of €2.8 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on net income of €7.4 billion for
fiscal 2015, the dividend payout percentage is 38%.

A.2.6 Calculation of return
on capital employed

| Calculation of ROCE
Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Net income 7,380 5,507
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net! (662) (606)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 746 630
Plus: Net interest expenses from
post-employment benefits 263 295
Less: Interest adjustments
(discontinued operations) - 1
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments
(tax rate (flat) 30%) (104) (96)
() Income before interest after tax 7,623 5,732
(il) Average capital employed 38,833 | 33,238
(IM) ROCE 19.6% 17.2%

1. Item Other interest expenseslincome, net primarily consists of interest relating to
corporate debt, and related hedging activities, as well as interest income on
corporate assets.

Average capital employed for a fiscal year is determined as a
five-point average in capital employed of the respective quar-
ters, starting with the capital employed as of September 30 of
the previous fiscal year.

| calculation of capital employed

Total equity

Plus: Long-term debt

Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets

Plus: Post-employment benefits
FS Debt
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment

Less:

Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and
liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)

Beginning with fiscal 2016, deferred taxes on actuarial gains
and losses within equity will be eliminated in the calculation of
capital employed. By making this adjustment, we treat actuarial
gains and losses consistently in the ROCE calculation.

Combined Management Report

9


--- Page 9 ---

10

A.3 Results of operations

A.3.1 Orders and revenue by region

The increase in orders and revenue year-over-year was due
mostly to favorable currency translation effects that added six
percentage points to volume development. The resulting ratio
of orders to revenue (book-to-bill) for Siemens in fiscal 2015
was 1.09, again well above 1. The order backlog (defined as the
sum of order backlogs of the Industrial Business) was €110 bil-
lion as of September 30, 2015.

|_ Orders (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.1.S., Africa,
Middle East 42,539 | 41,259 3% 1%
therein: Germany 11,991| 10,910 10% 10%
Americas 24,769 | 20,619 20% 5%
therein: U.S. 17,357| 14,613 19%| (1)%
Asia, Australia 15,033 | 15,779 (5)% | (14)%
therein: China 6,623| 6,605 0% | (12)%
Siemens 82,340 | 77,657 6% | (1)%
therein: emerging markets | 29,769| 27,345 9% 2%

Reported orders related to external customers in the region
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East increased moderately,
as substantial growth in Mobility, including among others a
€1.7 billion order in Germany, and in Power and Gas, more than
offset a sharp decline in Wind Power and Renewables due to
a lower volume of large orders. Key growth drivers in the
Americas included Power and Gas and Energy Management,
both with a strong increase due to a higher volume of large
orders in the region, and Healthcare which reported substantial
growth in the U.S. Orders declined in the region Asia, Australia
due mainly to a lower volume from large orders in Power and
Gas and in Mobility that could only be partially offset by growth
in Wind Power and Renewables, Energy Management, and in
Digital Factory. The development in China showed a similar
pattern, with a sharp order decline in Mobility offset by growth
in the three Divisions just mentioned.

Combined Management Report

|_ Revenue (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East 38,799 | 38,449 1% (2)%
therein: Germany 11,244| 10,781 4% 4%
Americas 21,702| 18,494 17% 1%
therein: U.S. 15,263| 12,647 21% 1%
Asia, Australia 15,135 | 14,283 6% (4)%
therein: China 6,938| 6,405 8% (4)%
Siemens 75,636 | 71,227 6% (1%
therein: emerging markets | 25,285| 24,146 5% (3)%

As expected, given our complex business environment in fiscal
2015, organic revenue was flat year-over-year, including a
mixed picture for our industrial businesses. Reported revenue
related to external customers in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle
East came in near the prior-year level, as growth in Energy
Management and in Healthcare offset declines in Mobility
and in Power and Gas. Moderate revenue growth in Germany
was driven by a sharp increase in Wind Power and Renewables
resulting from the continuing execution of large offshore con-
tracts won in prior periods. In the Americas, revenue came in
higher year-over-year, driven by double-digit increases in the
U.S. across our industrial businesses, due mainly to currency
translation tailwinds. The major contributions to growth in the
U.S. as well as in the region came from Healthcare and Power
and Gas. Revenue growth in Asia, Australia resulted mainly
from solid increases in Digital Factory, Mobility and Healthcare
that more than offset declines in Power and Gas and Wind
Power and Renewables. Growth in China included nearly all of
our industrial businesses, due in part to positive currency
translation effects, while revenue in Power and Gas decreased
substantially.


--- Page 10 ---

A.3.2 Segment information analysis

A.3.2.1 POWER AND GAS

A.3.2.2 WIND POWER AND RENEWABLES

Fiscal year % Change
| (in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp.
Fiscal year % Change Orders 6,136 | 7,759 | (21)% | (26)%
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 | Actual | __ Comp. Revenue 5,660 | 5,567 2% (3)%
Orders 15,666 | 13,996 12% (1)% Profit 160 6 | >200%
Revenue 13,193 | 12,720 4% | (11)% Profit margin 2.8% 0.1%
Profit 1,426 | 2,215 | (36)%
Profit margin 10.8% | 17.4% ]

Revenue and orders benefited significantly from currency
translation and portfolio effects. Dresser-Rand and the Rolls-
Royce Energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor busi-
ness, which were both acquired in fiscal 2015, contributed
eight and ten percentage points to order and revenue develop-
ment, respectively. Orders were almost on the level of the prior
year on a comparable basis, as a decline in the solutions busi-
ness, due to a lower volume from large orders, was almost off-
set by order growth in other businesses. The regional picture
was mixed; order intake increased in Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East and the Americas and declined in Asia, Australia.
Revenue was down significantly on a comparable basis, due
mainly to declines in the large gas turbine and solutions busi-
nesses. On a regional basis, revenue increased in the Americas
and declined in the other two reporting regions. Profit was
down substantially year-over-year, due mainly to lower mar-
gins, particularly in the large gas turbine business, severance
charges of €192 million, charges of €106 million related to a
project which incurred higher costs for materials and from cus-
tomer delays, and higher R&D and selling expenses related in
part to the acquisitions mentioned above. For comparison, the
prior year benefited from a €73 million gain on the sale of the
Division's turbo fan business and a positive €72 million effect
from a successful project completion in the turnkey business.
The Division continues to face challenges in an increasingly
competitive market for large gas turbines. Beginning with fiscal
2016, the Division includes the E-Houses and Modules busi-
ness segment that was previously included within the Process
Industries and Drives Division. If this change had already been
effective in fiscal 2015, profit margin for Power and Gas would
have been 10.5%.

Order intake was down year-over-year, due mainly to a sharply
lower volume of large orders, particularly in the offshore
business, which for Siemens means primarily in Europe. Asia,
Australia showed strong growth from a small base. Revenue
was down on a comparable basis, as increases in the offshore
and service businesses were more than offset by a decline in
the onshore business. On a regional basis, an increase in the
Americas was more than offset by declines in the two other
reporting regions. Profit was up sharply compared to fiscal
2014, when the Division recorded charges of €272 million for
inspecting and replacing main bearings in onshore wind tur-
bines and for repairing offshore and onshore wind blades. In
the current year, profit development was held back by reduced
margins in the offshore business due partly to increased com-
petition and expenses for ramping up commercial-scale pro-
duction of turbine offerings.

A.3.2.3 ENERGY MANAGEMENT

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of © 2015 2014 Actual Comp.
Orders 12,956 11,210 16% 9%
Revenue 11,922 10,708 11% 5%
Profit 570 (86) nia
Profit margin 4.8% (0.8)%

Orders and revenue were higher in all businesses, in particular
in the solutions, transformer and low voltage businesses. Ben-
efiting from currency translation effects, all reporting regions
showed order and revenue growth, in particular the Americas
region. The major factor in the profit improvement year-over-
year was sharply lower charges related to project execution. In
addition, margins in the solutions business improved signifi-
cantly year-over-year, including a lower share of projects with

Combined Management Report

u


--- Page 11 ---

low or negligible margins. The Division recorded €88 million in
severance charges in fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2014, the Division
took charges totaling €298 million related to two high voltage
direct current (HVDC) transmission line projects in Canada. It
also recorded charges of €240 million in fiscal 2014 primarily
related to grid connections to offshore wind-farms in the North
Sea, which were handed over to the customer in fiscal 2015.

A.3.2.4 BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp
Orders 6,099 5,587 9% 2%
Revenue 5,999 5,569 8% 1%
Profit 553 511 8%
Profit margin 9.2% 9.2%

Due largely to positive currency translation effects, orders and
revenue for Building Technologies grew in all regions, particu-
larly the Americas and Asia, Australia. The Division further in-
creased its productivity and continued to improve its business
mix to include a larger share of higher-margin product and
service businesses year-over-year. These factors contributed to
a clear increase in profit and the Division kept its profitability
stable year-over-year despite impacts from a substantial appre-
ciation of the Swiss franc early in the second quarter of the
fiscal year and €24 million in severance charges.

A.3.2.5 MOBILITY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp
Orders 10,262 9,280 11% 6%
Revenue 7,508 7,249 4% (1)%
Profit 588 532 11%
Profit margin 7.8% 7.3%

Mobility again won a number of large orders, driving order
growth year-over-year. Contract wins in fiscal 2015 included an
order worth €1.7 billion for regional trains and maintenance in
Germany and a €1.6 billion long-term order for maintenance in
Russia. For comparison, large orders in fiscal 2014 included a
contract worth €1.6 billion for two driverless subway-lines in
Saudi Arabia. Revenue for Mobility grew moderately compared
to the prior fiscal year. The Division's rail infrastructure and
turnkey project businesses increased revenue year-over-year in

Combined Management Report

every quarter. In contrast, the Division's rolling stock busi-
nesses generated lower revenue in the second half of fiscal
2015 due to timing of large rail projects following completion of
older projects while new large projects are beginning to ramp
up. This held back full-year revenue development for Mobility
overall. On a geographic basis, revenue growth was stron-
gest in Asia, Australia. Revenue and order development ben-
efited strongly from currency translation effects. In fiscal 2015,
Mobility continued its solid project execution. Profit for the
Division rose significantly year-over-year, despite €68 million in
severance charges. The profit improvement was driven by a
more favorable business mix compared to fiscal 2014, particu-
larly including a higher share from the rail infrastructure busi-
ness. For comparison, profit in the prior fiscal year benefited
from a €55 million net effect from the release of accruals
related to the “Siemens 2014” program.

A.3.2.6 DIGITAL FACTORY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of ©) 2015 2014 Actual Comp.
Orders 10,014 9,233 8% 3%
Revenue 9,956 9,201 8% 3%
Profit 1,738 1,681 3%
Profit margin 17.5% 18.3%

The softening market environment for production equipment,
particularly including the industrial deceleration in China during
fiscal 2015, limited growth opportunities for Digital Factory's
high-margin factory automation business, which reported flat
revenue and orders on a comparable basis. Conditions were
more favorable for the Division's software and motion control
businesses, which delivered clear comparable growth in both
revenue and orders. On a regional basis, orders and revenue in-
creased in all three reporting regions, led by Asia, Australia and
the Americas, due largely to positive currency translation ef-
fects. Despite currency tailwinds, profitability was held back by
the less favorable revenue mix and higher expenses for R&D
and selling targeted at future growth. In addition, Division profit
included €54 million in severance charges for the fiscal year.
Beginning with fiscal 2016, the Division includes the geared
motors segment that was previously reported in the Process
Industries and Drives Division. In addition, minor business ac-
tivities of the Division were bundled centrally and are reported
within Corporate Items. If these changes had already been
effective in fiscal 2015, profit margin would have been 16.9%.


--- Page 12 ---

A.3.2.7 PROCESS INDUSTRIES AND DRIVES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp
Orders 9,337 9,968 (6)% (10)%
Revenue 9,894 9,645 3% (3)%
Profit 536 773 (31)%
Profit margin 5.4% 8.0%

The weak market environment for process industries in fiscal
2015 was particularly evident in commodity-related markets and
those influenced by low oil prices. As a result, the Division saw
a sharp decrease in orders in its oil &gas and marine business
and a moderate order decline in its large drives business, due
mainly to a lower volume from large orders. Reported revenue
increased in nearly all businesses, driven by currency trans-
lation effects. In the Division's largest business, large drives,
revenue was flat and comparable revenue decreased moder-
ately. On a regional basis, the order decline was due largely toa
double-digit decrease in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and
lower orders in Asia, Australia. Reported revenue increased in all
three regions, however, in the Americas and in Asia, Australia
growth was driven by favorable currency translation effects. De-
spite currency tailwinds, fiscal 2015 profit margin declined, due
in part to ongoing operational challenges in the large drives and
the oil&gas and marine businesses. In addition, profitability
was held back by a warranty charge of €96 million in the large
drives business and €74 million in severance charges for the
Division overall. Beginning with fiscal 2016, parts of the Divi-
sion’s business activities are reported within other Divisions,
as previously described for the Power and Gas and the Digital

benefited from currency translation effects, most notably in the
Americas. Profit growth was driven mainly by the imaging and
therapy systems business and benefited from currency tail-
winds mainly due to the greater strength of the US$ compared
to fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015, Healthcare recorded €62 million in
severance charges and a €64 million gain from the divestment
of the microbiology business. For comparison, profit in fiscal
2014 included a €66 million positive effect related to the sale of
a particle therapy installation in Germany.

A.3.2.9 FINANCIAL SERVICES (SFS)

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Income before income taxes 600 466
ROE (after taxes) 20.9% 18.1%
Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Total assets 24,970 21,970

SFS recorded a higher income contribution from the equity
business, primarily relating to a net gain in connection with the
sale of renewable energy projects. Higher interest results asso-
ciated with growth in total assets were largely offset by a higher
level of credit hits related mainly to business in China. Despite
substantial early terminations of financings, total assets have
increased since the end of fiscal 2014, including positive cur-
rency translation effects.

A.3.2.10 RECONCILIATION TO CONSOLIDATED

Factory Division. If these changes had already been effectivein FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
fiscal 2015, profit margin would have been 6.1%.
|_ Profit
A.3.2.8 HEALTHCARE Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2015 2014
| Centrally managed portfolio activities 714 280
Fiscal year % Change Siemens Real Estate 205 242
(in millions of €) 2015 2014 Actual Comp. Corporate items (709) (446)
Orders 13,349 | 12,126 10% 3% Centrally carried pension expense (440) (393)
Revenue 12,930 | 11,736 10% 3% Amortization of intangible assets
Profit prem alo72 5% acquired in business combinations (543) (498)
Profit margin 163s and ther reconcling tems 256] (a8)
Reconciliation to Consolidated
| Financial Statements (1,138) (862)

All businesses posted order and revenue growth, with the
largest increase coming from the imaging and therapy sys-
tems business. All regions contributed to volume growth and

Combined Management Report

13


--- Page 13 ---

14

Centrally managed portfolio activities (CMPA) included a gain
of €1.4 billion on the disposal of Siemens’ stake in BSH Bosch
und Siemens Hausgerate GmbH (BSH). This was partly offset
by an equity investment loss of €275 million related to Unify
Holdings B.V. (Unify), an impairment of €138 million related to
Siemens’ stake in Primetals Technologies Ltd. and losses from
other businesses. For comparison, fiscal 2014 included equity
investment income from BSH.

A.3.3 Income

As in the past, income from Siemens Real Estate continues to
be highly dependent on disposals of real estate. In fiscal 2015,
the disposals of real estate were lower than in the prior-year.

Corporate items were influenced by a number of items, includ-
ing €196 million in severance charges for corporate reorganiza-
tion of support functions.

The change in Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other rec-
onciling items included primarily negative effects related to the
change in fair value of interest rate derivatives.

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2015 2014
Power and Gas 1,426 2,215 (36)%
Wind Power and Renewables 160 6 >200%
Energy Management 570 (86) nla
Building Technologies 553 511 8%
Mobility 588 532 11%
Digital Factory 1,738 1,681 3%
Process Industries and Drives 536 773 (31)%
Healthcare 2,184 2,072 5%
Industrial Business 7,755 7,703 1%

Profit margin Industrial Business 10.1% 10.6%
Financial Services (SFS) 600 466 29%
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (1,138) (862) (32)%
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,218 7,306 (1)%
Income tax expenses (1,869) (2,014) 7
Income from continuing operations 5,349 5,292 1%
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 2,031 215 >200%
Net income 7,380 5,507 34%
Basic earnings per share 8.84 6.37 39%

ROCE 19.6% 17.2%

As a result of the development described for the segments,
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
decreased 1%. This amount also included higher expenses - as
planned - for selling and research and development, primarily
at Power and Gas and to a lesser degree at Digital Factory and
Healthcare. Severance charges for continuing operations were
€804 million, of which €566 million were in the Industrial Busi-
ness. The tax rate of 26% was lower than in the prior year, due
mainly to the disposition of the stake in BSH, which was mostly
tax-free. For this reason, Income from continuing operations
increased 1%.

Combined Management Report

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes,
primarily included gains from the disposal of the hearing aid
and hospital information businesses, totaling €1.7 billion and
€0.2 billion, respectively.

The increase in Basic earnings per share benefited substan-
tially from the disposal gains mentioned above. The percentage
increase was higher than for Net income due mainly to share buy-
backs which reduced the number of average shares outstanding.

Despite a significant increase in average capital employed with
the acquisitions at Power and Gas, ROCE rose due to the dis-
posal gains and was at the upper end of our target range.


--- Page 14 ---

A.4 Net assets position

Sep 30, % Change

(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Cash and cash equivalents 9,957 8,013 24%
Available-for-sale financial assets 1,175 925 27%
Trade and other receivables 15,982 14,526 10%
Other current financial assets 5,157 3,710 39%
Inventories 17,253 15,100 14%
Current income tax assets 644 577 12%
Other current assets 1,151 1,290 (11)%
Assets classified as held for disposal 122 3,935 (97)%
Total current assets 51,442 48,076 7%
Goodwill 23,166 17,783 30%
Other intangible assets 8,077 4,560 77%
Property, plant and equipment 10,210 9,638 6%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 2,947 2,127 39%
Other financial assets 20,821 18,416 13%
Deferred tax assets 2,591 3,334 (22)%
Other assets 1,094 945 16%
Total non-current assets 68,906 56,803 21%
Total assets 120,348 104,879 15%

Our total assets in fiscal 2015 were influenced by positive cur-
rency translation effects of €3.6 billion, led by the U.S. dollar.

In fiscal 2015, the acquisitions of Dresser-Rand and Rolls-Royce
Energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor business
were the major factors related to the increases in goodwill and
other intangible assets with a total amount of €4.5 billion and
€3.7 billion, respectively, and the largest factors related to the
increase in inventories and trade and other receivables with
a total amount of €1.0 billion and €0.6 billion, respectively.
Apart from these acquisitions, the increase in inventories was
also driven by a substantial build-up in other businesses from
the Power and Gas and in the Mobility Divisions, while the
Wind Power and Renewables Division contributed significantly
to the increase in trade and other receivables.

Higher loans receivable driven by asset growth at SFS in fiscal
2015 resulted in the increases in other current financial assets
and in other financial assets.

Mainly the following transactions led to the decrease in assets
classified as held for disposal: Completion of the contribu-
tion of the metals technologies business into a joint venture
with Mitsubishi-Hitachi Metals Machinery Inc. (the new invest-
ment in Primetals Technologies Ltd. is recognized as invest-
ments accounted for using the equity method); completion of
the sale of our 50% stake in the joint venture BSH to Robert
Bosch GmbH and completion of the sale of the hospital infor-
mation business to Cerner Corp.

Combined Management Report

15


--- Page 15 ---

16

A.5 Financial position

A.5.1 Capital structure

Our capital structure developed as follows:

Sep 30, % Change

(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 2,979 1,620 84%
Trade payables 7,774 7,594 2%
Other current financial liabilities 2,085 1,717 21%
Current provisions 4,489 4,354 3%
Current income tax liabilities 1,828 1,762 4%
Other current liabilities 20,368 17,954 13%
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 39 1,597 (98)%

Total current liabilities 39,562 36,598 8%
Long-term debt 26,682 19,326 38%
Post-employment benefits 9,811 9,324 5%
Deferred tax liabilities 609 552 10%
Provisions 4,865 4,071 20%
Other financial liabilities 1,466 1,620 (9)%
Other liabilities 2,297 1,874 23%

Total non-current liabilities 45,730 36,767 24%

Total liabilities 85,292 73,365 16%
Debt ratio 71% 70%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 34,474 30,954 11%
Equity ratio 29% 30%
Non-controlling interests 581 560 4%

Total liabilities and equity 120,348 104,879 15%

The classification of US$ 500 million long-term fixed-rate in-
struments as current maturity and the issuance of commercial
paper were the main factors for the increase in short-term
debt and current maturities of long-term debt.

The project business of the Divisions Power and Gas, including
additions related to the acquisitions of Dresser-Rand and Rolls-
Royce Energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor busi-
ness, and Wind Power and Renewables was the main factor for
an increase in higher billings in excess of costs and estimated
earnings on uncompleted contracts and related advances,
which drove mainly the increase in other current liabilities.

The contribution of the metals technologies business into a
joint venture with Mitsubishi-Hitachi Metals Machinery Inc.
led mainly to the decrease in liabilities associated with assets
classified as held for disposal.

Combined Management Report

The issuance of instruments totaling US$7.75 billion in six
tranches with different maturities up to 30 years was the main
factor for the increase in long-term debt.

The main factors relating to the increase in total equity attrib-
utable to shareholders of Siemens AG were €7.3 billion in net
income attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG and €1.0 bil-
lion in other comprehensive income, net of income taxes. This
increase was partly offset by dividend payments of €2.7 billion
(paid for fiscal 2014) and the repurchase of 29,419,671 treasury
shares at an average costs per share of €91.89, totaling €2.7 bil-
lion (including incidental transaction charges).

Post-employment benefits

The funded status of our defined benefit plans - meaning de-
fined benefit obligation (DBO) less fair value of plan assets —
showed an underfunding of €9.5 billion (September 30, 2014:


--- Page 16 ---

€9.1 billion). Within these figures, the underfunding for pension
benefit plans amounted to €9.0 billion (September 30, 2014:
€8.5 billion) and the underfunding of other post-employment
benefit plans amounted to €0.5 billion (September 30, 2014:
€0.5 billion).

Capital structure ratio

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2015 increased
to 0.6 from 0.1 a year earlier, which is within our target ratio of
up to 1.0. The change was due to the increase in industrial
net debt compared to the prior year, reflecting the above-
mentioned issuance of long-term debt and the impact of our
share buybacks.

After the end of fiscal 2015 we repurchased additional 2,370,869
treasury shares. We thus completed the share buyback program
in October 2015 with a total volume of €4.0 billion and an aver-
age costs per share of €92.75 (including incidental transaction
charges).

Debt and credit facilities

As of September 30, 2015 we recorded, in total, €26.0 billion in
notes and bonds (maturing until 2066), €1.8 billion in loans
from banks (maturing until 2023), €1.8 billion in other financial
indebtedness (maturing until 2027), primarily consisting of
US$-commercial paper, and €0.1 billion in obligations under
finance leases. Notes, bonds and loans from banks were is-
sued mainly in Euro and U.S. dollar, and to a lower extent in
British pound.

In order to optimize the Company’s position with regard to
interest income and interest expense, and to manage the asso-
ciated interest rate risk relating to the Group excluding SFS’
business, we use derivative financial instruments under a port-
folio-based approach to manage interest risk actively relative to
a benchmark. The interest rate management relating to the SFS
business is managed separately, considering the term structure
of SFS' financial assets and liabilities on a portfolio basis.

We have three credit facilities at our disposal for general corpo-
rate purposes. These credit facilities amounted to €7.1 billion
and were unused as of September 30, 2015.

For further information about our debt see -> note 15 in
—> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. For further
information about functions and objectives of the financial
management see -> NoTE 24 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Off-balance-sheet commitments

As of September 30, 2015 the undiscounted amount of maxi-
mum potential future payments related to credit guarantees,
guarantees of third-party performance and HERKULES obliga-
tions amounted to €4.2 billion (September 30, 2014: €4.3 billion).

Other commitments, including indemnifications issued in con-
nection with dispositions of businesses, amounted to €1.9 bil-
lion (September 30, 2014: €1.3 billion) to the extent future
claims are not considered remote. The increase in other com-
mitments related mainly to transactions closed in fiscal 2015.

Future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases amounted to €3.4 billion (September 30, 2014: €3.2 bil-
lion).

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.6 billion (Sep-
tember 30, 2014: €3.4 billion). A considerable portion of these
commitments resulted from asset-based lending transactions,
meaning that the respective loans can be drawn only after the
borrower has provided sufficient collateral.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 17 ---

18

A.5.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2015
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 7,380
Change in operating net working capital (936)
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 437
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 6,881
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations (270)
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing and discontinued operations 6,612
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (1,897)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (8,254)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (1,667)
Other purchases of assets (1,467)
Other disposals of assets 4,570
Cash flows from investing activities - continuing operations (8,716)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations 2,889
Cash flows from investing activities - continuing and discontinued operations (5,827)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (2,700)
Issuance of long-term debt 7,213
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (354)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities 351
Interest paid (596)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (2,728)
Other cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (135)
Cash flows from financing activities - continuing operations 1,051
Cash flows from financing activities - discontinued operations 5
Cash flows from financing activities - continuing and discontinued operations 1,056

The conversion of profit into cash inflows from operating
activities was mainly driven by Healthcare as well as the
Digital Factory and Power and Gas Divisions.

The cash outflows due to the build-up of operating net work-
ing capital were primarily driven by the Mobility Division, due
mainly to an increase in the line item inventories. Significant
cash inflows in the Power and Gas and in Wind Power and
Renewables Divisions related to increases in the line item bill-
ings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contract and related advances. These cash inflows were offset
in the Power and Gas Division particularly by an increase in the
line item inventories and in the Wind Power and Renewables
Division particularly by an increase in the line item trade and
other receivables.

The cash outflows for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash
acquired, primarily included payments totaling €6.8 billion

Combined Management Report

related to the acquisition of Dresser-Rand and €1.3 billion re-
lated to the acquisition of Rolls-Royce Energy aero-derivative
gas turbine and compressor business.

The cash outflows for other purchases of assets primarily
included additions of assets eligible as central-bank-collateral
and additional funding to Unify.

The cash inflows from other disposals of assets included
€2.8 billion from the sale of Siemens’ stake in BSH, disposals
from above-mentioned eligible collateral, proceeds from the
sale of businesses and real estate disposals at SRE.

The cash inflows from investing activities - discontinued
operations — included €1.9 billion from the sale of the hearing
aid business and €1.2 billion from the sale of the hospital infor-
mation business.


--- Page 18 ---

The change in short-term debt and other financing activi-
ties included the net proceeds from the issuance of commer-
cial paper, partly offset by cash outflows related to the settle-
ment of financial derivatives used to hedge currency exposure
in our financing activities.

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity measure:

|_ Free cash flow

Fiscal year 2015

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) ‘operations ‘operations discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 6,881 (270) 6,612
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (1,897) (40) (1,938)
Free cash flow 4,984 (310) 4,674

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows, our
total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents as well
as available-for-sale financial assets) of €11.1 billion, and our
€7.1 billion in unused lines of credit, and given our credit ratings
at year-end, we believe that we have sufficient flexibility to fund
our capital requirements. Also in our opinion, our operating net
working capital is sufficient for our present requirements.

Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equip-
ment from continuing operations was €1.9 billion in fiscal 2015.
Within the Industrial Business ongoing investments related
mainly to technological innovations; extending our capacities
for designing, manufacturing and marketing new solutions; im-
proving productivity and our global footprint, such as in Brazil,
Egypt and India; and replacements of fixed assets. These invest-
ments amounted to €1.4 billion in fiscal 2015. The remaining
portion in fiscal 2015, €0.5 billion, related mainly to SRE, includ-
ing significant amounts related to office projects, such as new
corporate office buildings in Germany. SRE is responsible for
uniform and comprehensive management of Company real es-
tate worldwide, and supports the Industrial Business and cor-
porate activities with customer-specific real estate solutions.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing operations,
‘we expect a spending increase year-over-year in fiscal 2016.

Focus areas of ongoing investing activities of the Industrial
Business are:

The investments of Power and Gas are focused on enhancing
productivity and strategic localization, mainly relating to our
large gas turbines and generators business, including a burner
test center for gas turbines in Germany.

The investments of Wind Power and Renewables are focused
on the extension, modernization and optimization of existing
plants to allow for the large-scale manufacturing of innovative
products, including new production and service facilities for
blades in the U.K. and an offshore wind power turbines plant in
Germany.

Energy Management is spending the larger portion of its cap-
ital expenditures for innovation, particularly in the low voltage
and product business. Further investments are related to re-
placement of fixed assets and expansion of factories and tech-
nical equipment.

The investments of Building Technologies mainly relate to the
control products and systems business, particularly innovation
projects.

Mobility is spending large portions of its capital expenditures
for improving its respective positions in growing market seg-
ments, including investments into its infrastructure, capital-
ized R&D expenses as well as project related investments.

Major spending of Digital Factory relates to the factory auto-
mation and control products businesses, including investments
in production facilities in China.

The investments of Process Industries and Drives are focused
on upgrading production machines and replacement of fixed
assets, particularly relating to the large drives business.

Healthcare’s investments are mainly driven by the diagnostics

business, including large amounts relating to intangible assets,
particularly capitalized R&D expenses for new platforms.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 19 ---

20

A.6 Overall assessment of the economic position

In fiscal 2015, we accomplished numerous objectives included
in our “Vision 2020” concept. We started the fiscal year with a
leaner organizational setup more geared towards our growth
markets. We got closer to customers and enhanced our innova-
tion capacity with targeted spending increases for selling and
R&D. This has already improved customer satisfaction. Further-
more, we made significant progress in adjusting our portfolio.
With the acquisitions of Dresser-Rand and Roll-Royce’s aero-de-
rivative gas turbine and compressor business, we strengthened
our position in the area of distributed power generation. Mean-
while we sold our hearing aid business and our stake in BSH,
among others. Our market environment in fiscal 2015 was soft-
ening towards the end of the fiscal year. While we saw growth,
such as in consumer-oriented markets, and continued strong
demand for infrastructure solutions, some of our key industries
like the oil and gas industry and mining were under severe pres-
sure, and a number of emerging economies that were growth
drivers in recent years showed signs of weakness. Thus strin-
gent execution of “Vision 2020” became even more important.
In fiscal 2015, we began to implement measures to reduce costs
by €1 billion on a sustainable basis. With cost savings of approx-
imately €0.4 billion already achieved in fiscal 2015, we are
ahead of our plans. Also we improved our project execution,
resulting in sharply lower project charges year-over-year. While
we have already successfully addressed several businesses that
were not fulfilling our expectations regarding profitability, we
have completed a review of our remaining underperforming
businesses during fiscal 2015 and decided to restructure those
businesses primarily through our own efforts, with clear goals
and timetables. At the end of October 2015, shortly after the
end of fiscal 2015, we completed the share buyback program we
launched in May 2014. Between these dates we repurchased
43.1million Siemens shares in the amount of €4.0 billion.
Within this total, during fiscal 2015 we repurchased 29.4 million
Siemens shares in the amount of €2.7 billion.

From a financial perspective, in fiscal 2015, we reached all our
targets set for our primary measures in the Annual Report for
fiscal 2014. Revenue on an organic basis remained nearly on the
prior-year level, and net income and basic earnings per share
(EPS) (net income) rose by more than a third year-over-year.
Return on capital employed (ROCE) reached the upper end of
our target range and our capital structure ratio came in below 1.

Revenue for fiscal 2015 was €75.6 billion, up 6% compared to
the prior fiscal year. While all industrial businesses posted
increases, growth was due primarily to strong currency trans-
lation effects. On an organic basis, excluding currency trans-
lation and portfolio effects, revenue came in 1% lower year-
over-year, with half of the industrial businesses increasing
revenue and the other half reporting a decline year-over-year.

Combined Management Report

Overall, revenue thus matched the forecast for fiscal 2015 that
revenue on an organic basis would be flat year-over-year.

Orders for fiscal 2015 were €82.3 billion, fulfilling our expecta-
tion for a book-to-bill ratio above one, which came in at 1.09. As
with revenue, orders rose 6% year-over-year, due mostly to
strong currency translation effects while declining 1% on an
organic basis. Except for Wind Power and Renewables and Pro-
cess Industries and Drives, all our industrial businesses re-
ported nominal order growth. The majority increased their
orders year-over-year on an organic basis.

Industrial Business profit was €7.8 billion in fiscal 2015, up
slightly from €7.7 billion a year earlier despite €0.6 billion in
severance charges. Healthcare, Digital Factory, Mobility and
Building Technologies continued to operate very successfully
in their markets and increased their profits compared to fiscal
2014. The Energy Management Division achieved the largest
profit improvement year-over-year, following a loss on substan-
tial project charges in the prior year. The Wind Power and Re-
newables Division sharply improved profit compared to fiscal
2014, but profit came in below our expectations as the Division
faced reduced margins in the offshore business due partly to
increased competition and expenses for ramping up commer-
cial-scale production of turbine offerings. The profit improve-
ments mentioned above were largely offset by declines in the
Power and Gas and the Process Industries and Drives Divisions.

The profit margin of the Industrial Business was 10.1%. We thus
reached the range of 10% to 11% forecast for fiscal 2015. As ex-
pected, the Wind Power and Renewables Division and the
Energy Management Division improved their profit margins
year-over-year but remained below their target ranges. Process
Industries and Drives and Power and Gas, which reached their
targets in the prior year, came in below their respective ranges
in fiscal 2015. SFS, which is outside our Industrial Business,
achieved a return on equity after tax of 20.9%, above the upper
end of its target range.

Profit outside Industrial Business included a gain of €1.4 billion
from the sale of our stake in BSH, which was more than offset
by a number of factors. Burdens from Centrally managed port-
folio activities included losses from equity investments com-
pared to income a year earlier, and Corporate Treasury activities
posted a loss.

Net income rose by 34% to €7.4 billion and basic EPS from net
income climbed 39% year-over-year to €8.84. We thus achieved
our forecast, which was to increase net income significantly
and to grow EPS from net income by at least 15%. As we fore-
cast for fiscal 2015, these increases include gains from divest-
ments. In particular net income included a gain of €1.7 billion


--- Page 20 ---

from the sale of our hearing aid business and the above-men-
tioned gain from the sale of our stake in BSH. Basic EPS from
net income also benefited from execution of our share buyback
program. Overall, our continuous efforts to increase our pro-
ductivity contributed positively. Our total cost productivity im-
provement reached the upper end of our target for fiscal 2015,
which was to increase total cost productivity by 3% to 4%.

ROCE for continuing and discontinued operations increased to
19.6% in fiscal 2015, up from 17.2% in the prior fiscal year. We
thus reached the upper end of our forecast for fiscal 2015,
which was to achieve a ROCE for continuing and discontinued
operations in our target range of 15% to 20%. The main driver of
the improvement was higher net income, which more than off-
set an increase in average capital employed.

A.7 Subsequent events

In November 2015, Siemens announced the extension of its ex-
isting seven-year IT outsourcing contract with Atos SE (AtoS)
through December 2021, with minimum committed volumes
increasing by €3.23 billion to €8.73 billion. Furthermore,
Siemens announced the extension of its current lock-up share-
holder commitment in AtoS through September 2020.

Also in November 2015, Siemens announced the sale of its 49%
stake in Unify to AtoS. While ownership of the Unify stake has
adversely affected Siemens’ financial results in fiscal 2015 and
prior fiscal years, the transaction is not expected to result ina
material effect. Closing of the transaction, which is subject to
the approvals of the regulatory and antitrust authorities, is
expected in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of industrial
net debt to EBITDA. For fiscal 2015, this ratio was 0.6. We thus
achieved our forecast, which was to achieve a ratio below 1.0
but clearly above the fiscal 2014 level of 0.1.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations
for fiscal 2015 came in at €4.7 billion, 10% lower than in the
prior fiscal year.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. As in the past, we intend to fund the dividend payout
from Free cash flow. The Siemens Managing Board, in agree-
ment with the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.50
per share, up from €3.30 a year earlier.

Combined Management Report

21


--- Page 21 ---

22

A.8 Report on expected developments
and associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on expected developments

A.8.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

Deceleration in emerging markets and especially China weigh
on the outlook for 2016 as well. Global GDP is expected to ex-
pand by 2.9%, with fixed investments growing by 3.4%. Fixed
investments in advanced countries (+3.6%) are expected to
grow more strongly than in emerging countries (+3.3%) be-
cause of some investment backlog in the former and over-
capacities in the latter.

The Chinese economy is expected to continue its rebalancing
path towards a more consumption- and service-driven econ-
omy, with GDP growth of 6.3%, which is lower than in calendar
2015. In this view, industries that have been driving the econ-
omy in the past will keep on consolidating while consump-
tion-oriented sectors and the service sector gain importance.
Meanwhile, fixed investments are likely to grow more slowly
than the overall economy, at around 4.4% in calendar 2016. For
other emerging markets the outlook is mixed. While Brazil and
Russia are expected to remain in recession, the Indian economy
is expected to continue developing strongly, with GDP growth
rates forecast at 7.5% to 8% in the coming years. Europe is ex-
pected to remain on a moderate recovery path, with Italy and
France again the slowest-growing among the larger economies
and Spain and the U.K. growing the fastest. The German econ-
omy is expected to benefit from the ongoing European recov-
ery, and growth should accelerate compared to calendar 2015.
For the U.S., GDP growth should also pick up slightly. While the
negative effects of low oil prices on oil and gas-related invest-
ments should start to ease, the positive effects, especially on
private consumption, should support economic growth in that
sector. The U.S. housing recovery is expected to continue.

Despite some positive developments expected for the world
economy in 2016, the risk assessment is clearly biased to the
downside (see —> a.8.3. RISKS) due to a number of factors. First
and foremost geopolitical risks can dampen the mood for capi-
tal expenditures. China is on a long-term rebalancing path, and
some emerging markets are vulnerable to further capital flight
and exposed to considerable foreign currency debt.

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed investments are
based on a report from IHS Global Insight dated October 15,
2015.

A.8.1.2, MARKET DEVELOPMENT

Following weak demand in fiscal 2015, we expect markets for
the Power and Gas Division to pick up in fiscal 2016, particu-
larly with regard to fossil power generation markets, which are
anticipated to grow year-over-year due to large projects in
emerging countries. For the compression market, we expect

Combined Management Report

demand in fiscal 2016 to stay on the low level of fiscal 2015 due
mainly to continuously low capital expenditures for up- and
downstream applications in the oil and gas industry. Overall,
we assume a shift to more flexible, decentralized power gener-
ation and stronger demand for combined heat and power gen-
eration and off-grid oil and gas applications, particularly in
Europe, China and the U.S.

For the markets served by the Wind Power and Renewables
Division, we expect a slight decline in fiscal 2016 with long-
term outlook still intact. Within this change, we expect lower
demand in the larger market for onshore wind power, particu-
larly in the U.S. and Brazil, only partly offset by substantial
growth in the smaller market for offshore wind power, which is
driven by Europe. Market development depends strongly on
energy policy, including tax incentives in the U.S. and regula-
tory frameworks in Germany and the U.K. While we expect Asia
and the Americas to offer good growth prospects for offshore
wind power in the medium term, we expect only limited mar-
ket volume in these markets in the short term. Overall, we ex-
pect a continuation of the trend towards an increasing share of
renewable energy within the energy mix. Within the onshore
wind power market, we expect a continued rise in demand in
the low-wind segment.

For the markets served by the Energy Management Division,
we expect slight overall growth in fiscal 2016. The Division's
markets are experiencing rising power consumption due to on-
going urbanization and electrification in emerging countries.
Also the energy mix is changing, with a rising share of renew-
able energy. Furthermore, there is a trend towards decentral-
ized power generation, including an increasing number of
energy consumers who are also energy producers via solar
technology and other means. Within the Division's key indus-
tries we expect demand from utilities in fiscal 2016 to remain
on the prior-year level. Demand from the oil driven industry is
anticipated to decline further in fiscal 2016, as we expect addi-
tional cuts in investments, particularly in the Americas. For
minerals and mining markets we expect slight growth, with all
regions contributing. However, there is a risk that a further
slowdown in growth in China may impact investment activities
in the minerals and mining industry.

For the markets served by the Building Technologies Division,
we expect solid growth in fiscal 2016. On a geographic basis,
we expect the U.S., China, India and the Middle East to be the
main growth drivers. Most of the European countries are antic-
ipated to continue their recovery, led by Germany and some of
the Northern European countries. In countries with relatively
strong dependence on the development of commodity mar-
kets, we anticipate growth in the Division's markets to slow
down in fiscal 2016. We expect the Division to see continuing


--- Page 22 ---

price pressure, particularly in its solutions business, mainly
due to aggressive competition.

For fiscal 2016, we expect markets served by the Mobility Divi-
sion to continue to grow moderately. Investments by rail oper-
ators in Germany are expected to stay on a high level. Market
growth in Russia depends on improvement of economic condi-
tions and geopolitical ease. For the Middle East and Africa,
‘we expect tenders of further large turnkey and infrastructure
projects. In China, we expect investments in high-speed trains,
urban transport and rail infrastructure to continue to drive
growth. In India, market growth should continue from planned
projects for commuter and high-speed passenger lines, freight
rail, and related infrastructure as part of the infrastructure
build out and reforms by the Government. Overall, local rail
transport is expected to gain importance as urbanization is pro-
gressing. In emerging countries, rising incomes are expected
to result in greater demand for public transport solutions.

For fiscal 2016, we expect markets for the Digital Factory Divi-
sion to be slow, with momentum picking up in the second half
of the fiscal year. Differences in growth rates between Siemens’
reporting regions are expected to be less pronounced than in
prior years. Overall, we expect market growth to benefit from
consumer-oriented manufacturing industries, especially in in-
dustrialized countries. The trend towards digitalization related
businesses is expected to continue and drives the industry soft-
ware market, which is forecast to grow clearly. As for China, we
expect the decline of growth in industrial output to take a toll
on our business development, but expect the local market to
continue to be attractive in the mid and long-term. While we
expect the current decline in raw material prices to reach a bot-
tom in fiscal 2016, we do not expect a rebound in the short
term. We therefore anticipate demand from the mining and the
oil and gas industries to continue to be weak in fiscal 2016.

The markets served by the Process Industries and Drives
Division are expected to be flat in fiscal 2016. In general, we ob-
serve a trend towards increased demand for technology to im-
prove competitiveness through increased productivity, flexibility
and reliability. We expect growth to be driven by the food and
beverage sector as well as the chemical and pharmaceuticals in-
dustries. Demand from the oil and mining industries is expected
to decline further year-over-year, mostly in upstream markets.

For fiscal 2016, we expect markets for Healthcare to continue its
growth based on demographic trends. In emerging markets, we
expect continued demand, in particular for entry-level products
and solutions, as these countries build up their healthcare infra-
structure to provide their populations with affordable access to
modern medical technology, including cost efficient solutions
in rural areas. On a regional basis we expect healthcare markets

to grow moderately in the U.S. and in major emerging markets
such as China, India and Brazil, while demand in Europe, largely
consisting of replacement business, is anticipated to stay on the
prior-year level. The market for imaging products and solutions
is expected to remain on the prior-year level as growing demand
for imaging procedures is largely absorbed by higher utilization
of existing systems, while continued price aggressiveness in
the market affects revenue growth from new systems. The trend
to expand healthcare access is expected to benefit markets for
clinical products and suppliers with a broad spectrum of prod-
ucts and services. For diagnostics solutions, we expect consoli-
dation to continue leading to an increasing industrialization of
laboratories, playing into suppliers with experience in automa-
tion and digitalization.

Our SFS Division is geared to Siemens’ Industrial Business and
its markets. As such SFS is, among other factors, influenced by
the overall business development of the markets served by our
Industrial Business and will continue to focus its business
scope on those areas of intense domain know-how limiting risk
and exposure going forward.

A.8.1.3 SIEMENS GROUP

We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2016 for the Siemens Group
and its segments on the above-mentioned expectations and
assumptions regarding the overall economic situation and spe-
cific market conditions for the next fiscal year.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, particularly in-
volving the US$ and currencies of emerging markets, particu-
larly the Chinese Yuan. During fiscal 2015, the average exchange
rate conversion for our large volume of US$-denominated reve-
nue was US$1.15 per €. While we expect volatility in global cur-
rency markets to continue in fiscal 2016, we have improved our
natural hedge on a global basis through geographic distribu-
tion of our production facilities during the past. Nevertheless,
Siemens is still a net exporter from the Euro zone to the rest of
the world, so a weak Euro is principally favorable for our busi-
ness and a strong Euro is principally unfavorable. In addition to
the natural hedging strategy just mentioned, we also hedge
currency risk in our export business using derivative financial
instruments. We expect these steps to help us limit effects on
income related to currency in fiscal 2016.

Revenue growth

Despite anticipated further softening in the macroeconomic
environment and continuing complexity in the geopolitical
environment in fiscal 2016, we expect moderate revenue
growth, net of effects from currency translation. We expect

Combined Management Report

23


--- Page 23 ---

24

portfolio effects, particularly the acquisition of Dresser-Rand at
the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2015, to add approximately
2 percentage points to our revenue growth rate in fiscal 2016.
Furthermore, we assume that momentum in the market environ-
ment for our high-margin short-cycle businesses will pick up in
the second half of fiscal 2016.

We expect all industrial businesses to contribute to organic rev-
enue growth, except for the Process Industries and Drives Divi-
sion, which has been impacted by lower order intake in previ-
ous quarters. We assume that Mobility will be a main growth
driver, with a clear increase in organic revenue. We also expect
low to mid single-digit organic growth at the other industrial
businesses, led by Wind Power and Renewables. Furthermore,
‘we expect that Power and Gas will increase its reported revenue
significantly, benefiting from the acquisition of Dresser-Rand.

We expect revenue growth to benefit from conversion of our
order backlog (defined as the sum of order backlogs of our
Industrial Business) which totaled €110 billion as of Septem-
ber 30, 2015. From this backlog, we expect to convert approxi-
mately €39 billion of past orders into current revenue in fiscal
2016. Within this amount, we expect for fiscal 2016 approxi-
mately €11 billion in revenue conversion from the €42 billion
backlog of the Power and Gas Division, approximately €8 billion
in revenue conversion from the €12 billion backlog of the En-
ergy Management Division, approximately €6 billion in revenue
conversion from the €27 billion backlog of the Mobility Divi-
sion, approximately €5 billion in revenue conversion from the
€14 billion backlog of the Wind Power and Renewables Division,
approximately €4 billion in revenue conversion from the €6 bil-
lion backlog of the Process Industries and Drives Division, ap-
proximately €2 billion in revenue conversion from the €3 billion
backlog of the Building Technologies Division, approximately
€2 billion in revenue conversion from the €4 billion backlog of
Healthcare and approximately €2 billion in revenue conversion
from the €2 billion backlog of the Digital Factory Division.

We anticipate that orders in fiscal 2016 will materially exceed
revenue for a book-to-bill ratio clearly above 1. In particular, we
expect order growth driven by substantial increases in the
Power and Gas and Wind Power and Renewables Divisions,
with particularly Power and Gas benefiting from a large con-
tract win in Egypt, among other factors.

Profitability

We expect net income in fiscal 2016 to increase significantly
compared to €4.4 billion, which we achieved in fiscal 2015 ex-
cluding €3.0 billion in portfolio gains from the divestment of
the hearing aid business and our stake in BSH. Including those
gains in the basis of comparison, we expect net income in fiscal
2016 to decline significantly year-over-year. We expect basic EPS

Combined Management Report

from net income in the range of €5.90 to €6.20 as compared to
€5.18, which we achieved in fiscal 2015 excluding €3.66 per
share in portfolio gains from the divestments of the hearing aid
business and our stake in BSH.

Our forecast for net income and corresponding basic EPS is
based on a number of other assumptions: We assume that
momentum in the market environment for our high-margin
short-cycle businesses will pick up in the second half of fiscal
2016. As part of our One Siemens framework, we target a total
cost productivity improvement of 3% to 4% in fiscal 2016.
Therein, we expect execution of »Vision 2020« measures to im-
prove our cost position by an additional approximately €0.4 bil-
lion to €0.5 billion in fiscal 2016, following cost savings of ap-
proximately €0.4 billion already achieved in fiscal 2015. Also,
we assume continued solid project execution. Furthermore, we
expect modest positive currency effects on income in the first
half of fiscal 2016. Offsetting effects include pricing pressure
on our offerings estimated at around 2% in fiscal 2016, with the
Power and Gas Division, the Wind Power and Renewables Divi-
sion and Healthcare being affected the most. Furthermore, we
expect upward pressure on costs from wage inflation of around
3% to 4%. Also, we plan for continued targeted investments in
selling and R&D expenses aimed at organic volume growth
and strengthening our capacities for innovation.

For fiscal 2016, we expect all our industrial businesses to be in
or at least close to their target ranges for profit margin as de-
fined in our financial performance system (see —> A.2 FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE SYSTEM) excluding severance charges and integra-
tion costs.

Overall, we expect an aggregate profit margin for our Industrial
Business of 10% to 11%, compared to 10.1% in fiscal 2015. We
expect SFS, which is reported outside Industrial Business, to
continue to be highly profitable and achieve a return on equity
(ROE) within its target range in fiscal 2016.

Within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements
we expect CMPA to turn negative in fiscal 2016 and results to
be volatile during the year. Expenses for Corporate items are
expected to be approximately €0.5 billion, with costs in the
second half-year higher than in the first half. While we antici-
pate that SRE will continue with real estate disposals depend-
ing on market conditions, we expect gains from disposals to be
lower in fiscal 2016 than in fiscal 2015. Centrally carried pen-
sion expenses are expected to total approximately €0.5 billion
in fiscal 2016. Amortization of intangible assets acquired in
business combinations rose substantially to €168 million in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and we expect a similar level in the
four quarters of fiscal 2016. Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items are anticipated to be on the prior-


--- Page 24 ---

year level despite higher interest expense related primarily to
issuance of bonds in fiscal 2015.

We do not expect significant effects from discontinued opera-
tions in fiscal 2016. For comparison, income from discontinued
operations of €2.0 billion in fiscal 2015 included the €1.7 billion
gain from the sale of our hearing aid business. We anticipate
our tax rate for fiscal 2016 to be in the range of 26% to 30%.

Capital efficiency

Within our One Siemens financial framework, we in general
aim to achieve a ROCE in the range of 15% to 20%. For fiscal
2016, we expect ROCE to show a double-digit result but to come
in substantially below the amount reached in fiscal 2015, which
benefited from the sale of businesses described earlier.

Capital structure

Following the financing measures executed during fiscal 2015,
‘we expect our capital structure ratio in fiscal 2016 to be below
but near 1.0. In November 2015, we announced a new share
buyback of up to €3 billion ending at the latest on Novem-
ber 15, 2018. The buybacks will be made under the current
authorization granted at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on
January 27, 2015. Shares repurchased may be used for cancel-
ling and reducing capital stock; for issuing shares to employ-
ees, to members of the Managing Board and board members of
affiliated companies; and for meeting obligations from or in
connection with convertible bonds or warrant bonds.

A.8.1.4 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We anticipate further softening in the macroeconomic environ-
ment and continuing complexity in the geopolitical environ-
ment in fiscal 2016. Nevertheless, we expect moderate revenue
growth, net of effects from currency translation. We anticipate
that orders will materially exceed revenue for a book-to-bill ratio
clearly above 1. For our Industrial Business, we expect a profit
margin of 10% to 11%. Furthermore, we expect basic EPS from
net income in the range of €5.90 to €6.20 as compared to €5.18,
which we achieved in fiscal 2015 excluding €3.66 per share in
portfolio gains from the divestments of the hearing aid business
and our stake in BSH. This outlook assumes that momentum in
the market environment for our high-margin short-cycle busi-
nesses will pick up in the second half of fiscal 2016. Additionally,
it excludes charges related to legal and regulatory matters.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its Segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our outlook due to the
risks and opportunities described below or if our expectations
and assumptions do not materialize.

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT

Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursu-
ing sustainable growth and creating economic value while
managing appropriate risks or opportunities and avoiding inap-
propriate risks. As risk management is an integral part of how
we plan and execute our business strategies, our risk manage-
ment policy is set by the Managing Board. Our organizational
and accountability structure as of September 30, 2015 requires
each of the respective managements of our Industrial Business,
SFS, regions and Corporate Units to implement risk manage-
ment programs that are tailored to their specific industries and
responsibilities, while being consistent with the overall policy.

A.8.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS
We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk manage-
ment and control systems which support us in the early recog-
nition of developments that could jeopardize the continuity of
our business. The most important of these systems include our
enterprise-wide processes for strategic planning and manage-
ment reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in
considering potential risks well in advance of major business
decisions, while management reporting is intended to enable
us to monitor such risks more closely as our business pro-
gresses. Our internal auditors regularly review the adequacy
and effectiveness of our risk management system. Accordingly,
if deficits are detected, it is possible to adopt appropriate mea-
sures for their elimination. This coordination of processes and
procedures is intended to help ensure that the Managing Board
and the Supervisory Board are fully informed about significant
risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive, inter-
active and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization and
that addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM approach
is based on the worldwide accepted Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment - Integrated Framework (2004) developed by the Commit-
tee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The framework connects the ERM process with our
financial reporting process and our internal control system. It
considers a company’s strategy, the efficiency and effective-
ness of its business operations, the reliability of its financial
reporting as well as compliance with relevant laws and regula-
tions to be equally important.

The ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation
of, and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could
materially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational,
financial and compliance objectives. The time horizon covered
by ERM is typically three years. Our ERM is based on a net risk

Combined Management Report

25


--- Page 25 ---

26

approach, addressing risks and opportunities remaining after
the execution of existing control measures. In order to provide
a comprehensive view on our business activities, risks and
opportunities are identified in a structured way combining ele-
ments of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Risks and
opportunities are generally reported on a quarterly basis. This
regular reporting process is complemented by an ad-hoc report-
ing process that aims to escalate critical issues in a timely man-
ner. Relevant risks and opportunities are prioritized in terms of
impact and likelihood, considering different perspectives, in-
cluding business objectives, reputation and regulatory matters.
The bottom-up identification and prioritization process is sup-
ported by workshops with the respective managements of the
Industrial Business, SFS, regions and Corporate Units. This top-
down element ensures that potential new risks and opportuni-
ties are discussed at management level and are included in the
subsequent reporting process, if found to be relevant. Reported
risks and opportunities are analyzed regarding potential cumu-
lative effects and are aggregated within and for each of the
organizations mentioned above.

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportu-
nities with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on
the significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first
step, assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity
involves deciding upon one of our general response strategies.
Our general response strategies with respect to risks are avoid-
ance, transfer, reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our
general response strategies with respect to opportunities are
partial or complete realization of the relevant opportunity. Ina
second step, responsibility for a risk or opportunity also involves
the development, initiation and monitoring of appropriate re-
sponse measures corresponding to the chosen response strat-
egy. These response measures have to be specifically tailored to
allow for effective risk management. Accordingly, we have de-
veloped a variety of response measures with different charac-
teristics. For example, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations in
currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities.
Regarding our long-term projects, systematic and comprehen-
sive project management with standardized project milestones,
including provisional acceptances during project execution, and
complemented by clearly defined approval processes assists us
in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage,
even before entering the bidding phase. Furthermore, we main-
tain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of damage
and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks
and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among others, we
address the risk of fluctuation in economic activity and cus-
tomer demand by closely monitoring the macroeconomic con-
ditions and developments in relevant industries, and by adjust-
ing capacity and implementing cost-reduction measures in a
timely and consistent manner, if deemed necessary.

Combined Management Report

A.8.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

AND RESPONSIBILITIES

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with
legal and operational requirements, the Managing Board estab-
lished a Risk Management and Internal Control Organization,
headed by the Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer, and a Corpo-
rate Risk and Internal Control Committee (CRIC). The CRIC ob-
tains risk and opportunity information from the Risk Commit-
tees established at the Industrial Business, SFS, and regional
organizations and from the heads of Corporate Units. In order
to allow for a meaningful discussion on Siemens group level
individual risk and opportunities of similar cause-and-effect
nature are aggregated into risk and opportunity themes. This
aggregation naturally results in a mixture of risks with a pri-
marily qualitative and primarily quantitative risk assessment.
Accordingly, a purely quantitative assessment of risk themes is
not foreseen. This information then forms the basis for the
evaluation of the company-wide risk and opportunity situation.
The CRIC reports to and supports the Managing Board on mat-
ters relating to the implementation, operation and oversight of
the risk and internal control system and assists the Managing
Board for example in reporting to the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board. The CRIC is composed of the Chief Risk &
Internal Control Officer, as the chairperson, members of the
Managing Board and selected heads of Corporate Units.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition (including effects on
assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and rep-
utation. The order in which the risks are presented in each of
the four categories reflects the currently estimated relative ex-
posure for Siemens associated with these risks and thus pro-
vides an indication of the risks’ current importance to us. Addi-
tional risks not known to us or that we currently consider
immaterial may also negatively impact our business objectives
and operations. Unless otherwise stated, the risks described
below relate to all of our segments.

A.8.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

Competitive markets and technology changes: The world-
wide markets for our products and solutions are highly compet-
itive in terms of pricing, product and service quality, product
development and introduction time, customer service, financing
terms, disruptive technologies and shifts in market demands.
We face strong existing competitors and also competitors from
emerging markets, which may have a better cost structure.
Some industries in which we operate are undergoing consoli-
dation, which may result in stronger competition and a change


--- Page 26 ---

in our relative market position. Furthermore, we see a risk that
suppliers (and to some extent even customers), especially from
emerging countries (e.g. China), could develop into serious
competitors for Siemens. We address this risk with various mea-
sures, for example, benchmarking, strategic initiatives, sales
push initiatives, executing productivity measures and target
cost projects, rightsizing of factories, exporting from low-cost
countries to price sensitive markets, and optimizing our product
portfolio. The markets in which our businesses operate experi-
ence rapid and significant changes due to the introduction of
innovative technologies. Our operating results depend to a sig-
nificant extent on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes
in our markets and to reduce the costs of producing our prod-
ucts. Introducing new products and technologies requires a sig-
nificant commitment to research and development, which in
return requires expenditure of considerable financial resources
that may not always result in success. Our results of opera-
tions may suffer if we invest in technologies that do not oper-
ate or may not be integrated as expected, or that are not ac-
cepted in the market place as anticipated, or if our products or
systems are not introduced to the market in a timely manner,
particularly compared to our competitors, or become obsolete.
We constantly apply for new patents and actively manage our
intellectual property portfolio to secure our technological posi-
tion. However, our patents and other intellectual property may
not prevent competitors from independently developing or
selling products and services that are similar to or duplicates
of ours.

Economic and political conditions (macroeconomic environ-
ment): We still see a high level of uncertainty regarding the
global economic outlook. The main downside risks stem from
the weakening growth in China and potential corrections or
even a collapse in real estate, the banking sectors or the stock
markets. The downturn could get worse, if Chinese authorities
fail to reform the state-owned enterprises in the industry and
banking sector as well, to liberalize and open the economy fur-
ther. A rapid tightening of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal
Reserve could cause a depreciation spiral among emerging
market currencies. This could lead to a renewed emerging mar-
ket crisis as debt levels of emerging market enterprises have
risen, making them dependent on favorable global financial
conditions to service foreign currency-denominated debts. Fur-
ther risks stem from increased global danger of terrorism, polit-
ical tensions (e.g. Syria and Ukraine), raw material prices, con-
fidence in the automotive sector, and low oil and gas prices.
With the closing of the acquisition of Dresser-Rand we are
further exposed to volatility in global oil and gas markets.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our Divisions and the importance of long-term con-
tracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between the de-

velopment of macroeconomic conditions and their impact on
our financial results. In contrast, many activities of the Digital
Factory Division and parts of Process Industries and Drives Divi-
sion and in the Energy Management Division, react quickly to
volatility in market demand. If the moderate recovery of macro-
economic growth stalls again and if we are not successful in
adapting our production and cost structure to subsequent
changes to conditions in the markets in which we operate,
there can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse
effects. For example, it may become more difficult for our cus-
tomers to obtain financing and as a result they may modify, de-
lay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services or to
follow through on purchases or contracts already executed.
Furthermore, prices may decline as a result of adverse market
conditions to a greater extent than currently anticipated. In ad-
dition, contracted payment terms, especially regarding the
level of advance payments by our customers relating to long-
term projects, may become less favorable, which could nega-
tively impact our financial condition. Siemens’ global setup
with operations in almost all relevant economies, the wide
variety of our offerings following different business cycles as
well as different business models (e.g. product, software, solu-
tion, project and service-business) help us to soften the impact
of an adverse development in a single market.

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversified
company with global businesses we are exposed to various
product-related regulations, laws and policies influencing our
processes. Some jurisdictions around the world have adopted
certain regulations, laws and policies requiring us to extend
our recycling efforts, limit the sourcing and usage of certain
raw materials, and request that suppliers provide additional
due diligence and disclosures on sourcing and usage of the reg-
ulated raw materials. We exercise our duty within the supply
chain, as our customers request transparency in the supply
chain and as the obligation to do so already forms an element
of customer contracts. If we are unable to achieve sufficient
confidence throughout our supply chain, or if any risks associ-
ated with these kinds of regulations, laws and policies were to
materialize, our reputation could also be adversely affected.

Strategic alignments and cost-cutting initiatives: We are ina
continuous process of strategic alignments and constantly
engage in cost-cutting initiatives, including ongoing capacity
adjustment measures and structural initiatives. Consolidation
of business activities and manufacturing facilities, and the
streamlining of product portfolios are also part of these cost
reduction efforts. These measures may not be implemented as
planned, may turn out to be less effective than anticipated, may
become effective later than estimated or may not become effec-
tive at all. Any future contribution of these measures to our
profitability will be influenced by the actual savings achieved

Combined Management Report

27


--- Page 27 ---

28

and by our ability to sustain them. We constantly control and
monitor the progress of these projects and initiatives using
standardized controlling and milestone tracking approaches.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting
activities in some business areas and strengthening others
through portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisi-
tions. With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest
some of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we
do carry out could have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and our reputation.
Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of diffi-
culties that may arise when integrating people, operations,
technologies and products. There can be no assurance that any
of the businesses we acquired recently can be integrated suc-
cessfully and in a timely manner as originally planned, or that
they will perform as anticipated once integrated. In addition,
we may incur significant acquisition, administrative and other
costs in connection with these transactions, including costs
related to integration of acquired businesses. Furthermore,
portfolio measures may result in additional financing needs
and adversely affect our capital structure. Acquisitions led to
substantial addition to intangible assets, including goodwill in
our Statements of Financial Position. If we were to encounter
continuing adverse business developments or if we were other-
wise to perform worse than expected at acquisition activities,
then these intangible assets, including goodwill, might have to
be impaired, which could adversely affect our business, finan-
cial condition and results of operations. Our investment port-
folio consists of investments held for purposes other than trad-
ing. Furthermore, we hold other investments, for example,
Atos SE and OSRAM Licht AG. Any factors negatively influenc-
ing the financial condition and results of operations of our
at-equity investments and other investments, could have an
adverse effect on our equity pick-up related to these invest-
ments or may result in a related write-off. In addition, our busi-
ness, financial condition and results of operations could also be
adversely affected in connection with loans, guarantees or
non-compliance with financial covenants related to these
at-equity investments and other investments. Furthermore,
such investments are inherently risky as we may not be able to
sufficiently influence corporate governance processes or busi-
ness decisions taken by our equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances that may have a negative effect
on our business. In addition, joint ventures bear the risk of dif-
ficulties that may arise when integrating people, operations,
technologies and products. Strategic alliances may also pose
risks for us because we compete in some business areas with
companies with which we have strategic alliances. Besides
other measures, we handle these risks with standardized pro-
cesses as well as dedicated roles and responsibilities in the

Combined Management Report

areas of mergers, acquisitions, divestments and carve outs.
This includes post closing actions as well as claim management
and centrally managed portfolio activities.

A.8.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

IT security: Our business portfolio is dependent on digital tech-
nologies. We observe a global increase of IT security threats and
higher levels of professionalism in computer crime, which pose
arisk to the security of products, systems and networks and the
confidentiality, availability and integrity of data. We are facing
active cyber threats from sophisticated adversaries that are
supported by organized crime and nation states engaged in
economic espionage. We attempt to mitigate these risks by
employing a number of measures, including employee training,
comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and
maintenance of backup and protective systems such as fire-
walls and virus scanners. Our contractual arrangements with
service providers aim to ensure that these risks are reduced in
an adequate manner. Nonetheless, our systems, products, solu-
tions and services, as well as those of our service providers re-
main potentially vulnerable to attacks. Such attacks could po-
tentially lead to the publication, manipulation, espionage or
leakage of information, improper use of our systems, defective
products, production downtimes and supply shortages, with
potential adverse effects on our reputation, our competitive-
ness and results of our operations.

Operational failures and quality problems in our value
chain processes: Our value chain comprises all steps, from
research and development to supply chain management, pro-
duction, marketing, sales and services. Operational failures in
our value chain processes could result in quality problems or
potential product, labor safety, regulatory or environmental
risks. Such risks are particularly present in our Industrial Busi-
ness in relation to our production and construction facilities,
which are located all over the world and have a high degree of
organizational and technological complexity. From time to
time, some of the products we sell might have quality issues
resulting from the design or manufacture of such products or
of the commissioning of such products or from the software
integrated into them. Our Healthcare business, for example, is
subject to regulatory authorities including the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration and the European Commission's Health
and Consumer Policy Department, which require us to make
specific efforts to safeguard our product quality. If we are not
able to comply with these requirements, also our reputation
may be adversely affected. Several measures for quality im-
provement and claim prevention are established and the in-
creased use of quality management tools is improving visibil-
ity and assists us strengthen the root cause and prevention
process.


--- Page 28 ---

Cost overruns or additional payment obligations related to
the management of our long-term, fixed-price or turnkey
projects: Particularly our Divisions Power and Gas, Wind Power
and Renewables, Mobility as well as parts of Energy Manage-
ment and Process Industries and Drives perform business, es-
pecially large projects, under long-term contracts that are
awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Some of these con-
tracts are inherently risky because we may assume substan-
tially all of the risks associated with completing a project and
meeting post-completion warranty obligations. For example,
we face the risk that we must satisfy technical requirements of
a project even though we may not have gained experience with
those requirements before we win the project. The profit mar-
gins realized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from original
estimates as a result of changes in costs and productivity over
their term. We sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project
modifications, shortage of key personnel, quality problems,
financial difficulties of our customers, cost overruns or contrac-
tual penalties caused by unexpected technological problems,
unforeseen developments at the project sites, unforeseen
changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political environ-
ment, performance problems with our suppliers, subcontrac-
tors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties.
Some of our multi-year contracts also contain demanding in-
stallation and maintenance requirements in addition to other
performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost and compli-
ance with government regulations requirements, which, if not
satisfied, could subject us to substantial contractual penalties,
damages, non-payment and contract termination. There can be
no assurance that contracts and projects, in particular those
with long-term duration and fixed-price calculation, can be
completed profitably. To tackle those risks we implemented a
global project management organization to systematically im-
prove the know-how of the project management personnel. For
very complex technical projects we conduct dedicated techni-
cal risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase be-
fore we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customer.

Interruption of the supply chain: The financial performance
of our Industrial Business depends on reliable and effective
supply chain management for components, sub-assemblies
and other materials. Capacity constraints and supply shortages
resulting from ineffective supply chain management may lead
to delays and additional cost. We rely on third parties to supply
us with parts, components and services. Using third parties to
manufacture, assemble and test our products reduces our con-
trol over manufacturing yields, quality assurance, product de-
livery schedules and costs. Although we work closely with our
suppliers to avoid supply-related problems, there can be no
assurance that we will not encounter supply problems in the
future. Shortages and delays could materially harm our busi-
ness. Unanticipated increases in the price of components or

raw materials due to market shortages or other reasons could
also adversely affect the performance. Furthermore, we may be
exposed to the risk of delays and interruptions of the supply
chain as a consequence of catastrophic events in case we are
unable to identify alternative sources of supply or ways of
transportation in a timely manner or at all. Besides other mea-
sures, we mitigate fluctuation in the global raw material mar-
kets with various hedging instruments.

Skilled personnel: Competition for highly qualified personnel
remains intense in the industries and regions in which our
businesses operate. We have an ongoing demand in highly
skilled employees. Our future success depends in part on our
continued ability to hire, integrate, develop and retain engi-
neers and other qualified personnel. We address this risk for
example with structured succession planning, employer brand-
ing, retention and career management.

A.8.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because
a high percentage of our business volume is conducted in the
U.S. and as exports from Europe. In addition, we are exposed to
currency effects involving the currencies of emerging markets,
in particular the Chinese yuan. A strengthening of the euro
(particularly against the U.S. dollar) may change our competi-
tive position, as many of our competitors may benefit from hav-
ing a substantial portion of their costs based in weaker curren-
cies, enabling them to offer their products at lower prices. As a
result, a strong euro in relation to the U.S. dollar and other cur-
rencies could have an adverse impact on our results of opera-
tions. We are also exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Neg-
ative developments in the financial markets and changes in the
central bank policies may negatively impact our results. Certain
currency risks as well as interest rate risks are hedged using
derivative financial instruments. Depending on the develop-
ment of foreign currency exchange and interest rates, hedging
activities could have significant effects on our business, finan-
cial condition and results of operations.

Liquidity and financing risks: The ongoing euro zone sover-
eign debt crisis continues to have an impact on global capital
markets. Regarding our treasury and financing activities, nega-
tive developments related to financial markets such as (1) lim-
ited availability of funds (particularly U.S. dollar funds) and
hedging instruments, (2) an updated evaluation of our sol-
vency, particularly from rating agencies and (3) impacts from
enhanced regulations of the financial sector/central bank pol-
icy or financial instruments, could result in adverse deposit
and/or financing conditions. Widening credit spreads due to
uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial markets might
lead to adverse changes of fair market values of our financial

Combined Management Report

29


--- Page 29 ---

30

assets, in particular concerning our derivative financial instru-
ments. Negative developments could also further increase
the costs for buying protection against credit risks due to a
potential increase of counterparty risks. Through diversifica-
tion into different funding instruments, currencies, markets
and investor groups, Siemens reduces funding risks. Liquidity
risks are mitigated by depositing cash into different categories
of instruments and with a range of counterparties of invest-
ment grade credit quality, at which counterparty risks are cen-
trally and closely monitored (including risks resulting from
derivatives).

Credit Risks: We provide our customers with various forms of
direct and indirect financing of orders and projects. Particularly
SFS bears credit risks out of its financing activities. In part, we
take a security interest in the assets we finance or we receive
additional collateral. Our business, financial condition and re-
sults of operations may be adversely affected if the credit qual-
ity of our customers deteriorates or if they default on their pay-
ment obligation to us, if the value of the assets in which we
have taken a security interest or additional collateral declines
or if the projects in which we invest are unsuccessful. Positive
market values from derivatives and deposits with banks induce
credit risk against these banks. We monitor these market value
developments very closely. A default of a major trading partner
may have negative impact on our financial position and the
results of financial operations.

Risks from pension obligations: The funded status of our
pension plans may be affected by change in actuarial assump-
tions, including the discount rate, as well as movements in
financial markets or a change in the portfolio mix of invested
assets. A significant increase in the underfunding may have a
negative effect on our capital structure and rating and thus
may tighten refinancing options and increase costs. In order to
comply with local pension regulations in selected foreign coun-
tries, we may face a risk of increasing cash outflows to reduce
an underfunding of our pension plans in these countries.

Examinations by tax authorities and changes in tax regula-
tions: We operate in nearly all countries of the world and there-
fore are subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in
tax law in any of these jurisdictions could result in higher tax
expense and payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could
impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain tax
environment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce
our rights. As a globally operating organization, we conduct
business in countries subject to complex tax rules, which may
be interpreted in different ways. Future interpretations or de-
velopments of tax regimes may affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We are regularly examined

Combined Management Report

by tax authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously
identify and assess resulting risks.

For further information on post-employment benefits, deriva-
tive financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk
management and measurements, see —> NOTE 16, 23 AND 24 in
—> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

A.8.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

Regulatory risks and potential sanctions: Protectionist trade
policies and changes in the political and regulatory environ-
ment in the markets in which we operate, such as import and
export controls, tariffs and other trade barriers including de-
barment from certain markets and price or exchange controls,
could affect our business in several national markets, impact
our business, financial position and results of operations, and
may expose us to penalties, other sanctions and reputational
damage. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal environment
in some regions could limit our ability to enforce our rights and
subject us to increasing costs related to appropriate compliance
programs.

As a globally operating organization, we conduct business with
customers in countries which are subject to export control reg-
ulations, embargoes, economic sanctions or other forms of
trade restrictions (hereafter referred to as “sanctions”) imposed
by the U.S., the European Union or other countries or organiza-
tions. New or expanded sanctions in countries in which we do
business may result in a curtailment of our existing business in
such countries or indirectly in other countries. We are also
aware of initiatives by institutional investors, such as pension
funds or other companies, to adopt or consider adopting poli-
cies prohibiting investment in and transactions with, or requir-
ing divestment of interests in entities doing business with,
countries identified as state sponsors of terrorism by the U.S.
Secretary of State. It is possible that such initiatives may result
in us being unable to gain or retain investors, customers or sup-
pliers. In addition, the termination of our activities in sanc-
tioned countries may expose us to customer claims and other
actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to our activities
with counterparties in or affiliated with these countries. Due to
the political agreement based on the Joint Comprehensive Plan
of Action (JCPOA) regarding the Iranian nuclear program,
Siemens has revised its internal guidelines in October 2015
which stated that apart from certain limited exceptions no new
business activities with customers in Iran are permitted. New
business activities with customers or end customers in Iran
that are not designated on the EU or U.S. sanctions lists are
now allowed, provided that these activities do not breach the
EU sanctions regulations or the U.S. Secondary Sanctions (if
applicable). Siemens has issued group-wide policies establish-
ing the details of its general decision.


--- Page 30 ---

Our business naturally evolves and develops in nations and re-
gions around the world, increasing their demand for our offer-
ings. Emerging market operations involve various risks, includ-
ing civil unrest, health concerns, cultural differences such as
employment and business practices, volatility in gross domes-
tic product, economic and governmental instability, the poten-
tial for nationalization of private assets and the imposition of
exchange controls. The Asian markets, in particular, are impor-
tant for our long-term growth strategy, and our sizeable activi-
ties in China operate under a legal system that is still develop-
ing and is subject to change. Our long-term growth strategy
could be limited by governments preferentially supporting local
competitors. With our dedicated regional organizations we
tackle these risks by constantly monitoring the latest trends
and defining our response strategies which include an ongoing
evaluation of our localization approach.

Environmental and other governmental regulations: Some
of the industries in which we operate are highly regulated. Cur-
rent and future environmental and other governmental regula-
tions or changes thereto may require us to change the way we
run our operations and could result in significant increases in
our operating or production costs. In addition, while we have
procedures in place to ensure compliance with applicable gov-
ernmental regulations in the conduct of our business opera-
tions, it cannot be excluded that violations of applicable gov-
ernmental regulations may be caused either by us or by third
parties that we contract with, including suppliers or service
providers, whose activities may be attributed to us. Any such
violations expose us to the risk of liability, reputational damage
or loss of licenses or permits that are important to our business
operations. In particular, we could also face liability for damage
or remediation for environmental contamination at the facili-
ties we design or operate. With regard to certain environmental
risks, we maintain liability insurance at levels that our manage-
ment believes are appropriate and consistent with industry
practice. We may incur environmental losses beyond the limits,
or outside the coverage, of such insurance, and such losses
may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of our operations.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
corruption, antitrust violations and other illegal acts: Cor-
ruption, antitrust and related proceedings may lead to criminal
and civil fines as well as penalties, sanctions, injunctions
against future conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications
from directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of busi-
ness, the loss of business licenses or permits or other restric-
tions. Accordingly, we may be required to comply with poten-
tial liabilities arising in connection with such investigations
and proceedings, including potential tax penalties. Moreover,
any findings related to public corruption that are not covered

by the 2008 and 2009 corruption charge settlements, which
were concluded with American and German authorities, may
endanger our business with government agencies and inter-
governmental and supranational organizations. Further moni-
tors could be appointed to review future business practices and
we may otherwise be required to further modify our business
practices and our compliance program.

A cconsiderable part of our business activities involve govern-
ments and companies with a public shareholder. We also partic-
ipate in a number of projects funded by government agencies
and intergovernmental and supranational organizations such
as multilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future
investigations into allegations of corruption, antitrust or other
law violations could also impair relationships with such busi-
ness partners or could result in the exclusion of public con-
tracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect existing
private business relationships and our ability to pursue poten-
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as
strategic alliances, joint ventures or other business coopera-
tion, or could result in the cancellation of certain of our exist-
ing contracts and third parties, including our competitors,
could initiate significant third-party litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential
future investigations, such as responding to the requests of
governmental authorities and cooperating with them, could
divert management's attention and resources from other issues
facing our business. Furthermore, we might be exposed to
compliance risks in connection with recently acquired opera-
tions that are in the ongoing process of integration.

Besides other measures, Siemens established a global compli-
ance organization including compliance risk mitigation pro-
cesses such as Compliance Risk Assessments which has been
reviewed recently by external compliance experts.

Current or future litigation: We are subject to numerous risks
relating to legal, governmental and regulatory proceedings
to which we are currently a party or to which we may become a
party in the future. We routinely become subject to legal, gov-
ernmental and regulatory investigations and proceedings in-
volving, among other things, requests for arbitration, allega-
tions of improper delivery of goods or services, product liability,
product defects, quality problems, intellectual property infringe-
ment, non-compliance with tax regulations and/or alleged or
suspected violations of applicable laws. In addition, we may
face further claims in connection with the circumstances that
led to the corruption charges. For additional information with
respect to specific proceedings, see —> note 21 in — B.6 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. There can be no assut-
ance that the results of these or any other proceedings will not

Combined Management Report

31


--- Page 31 ---

32

materially harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail on the mer-
its in any such proceedings, we may have to incur substantial
legal fees and other costs defending ourselves against the un-
derlying allegations. We maintain liability insurance for certain
legal risks at levels our management believes are appropriate
and consistent with industry practice. Our insurance policy,
however, does not protect us against reputational damage.
Moreover, we may incur losses relating to legal proceedings
beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of such insurance
or exceeding any provisions made for legal proceedings related
losses. Finally, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to maintain adequate insurance coverage on commercially rea-
sonable terms in the future.

A.8.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF THE

OVERALL RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four categories — Strategic, Operations, Financial
and Compliance — with the risks caused by highly competitive
markets and technology changes currently being the most sig-
nificant. Even though the assessments of individual risk expo-
sures have changed during fiscal 2015 due to developments in
the external environment as well as the effects of our own mit-
igation measures, the overall risk situation for Siemens did not
change significantly as compared to the prior year. At pres-
ent, no risks have been identified that either individually or in
combination could endanger our ability to continue as a going
concern.

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) we regularly
identify, evaluate and respond to opportunities that present
themselves in our various fields of activity. Below we describe
our most significant opportunities. Unless otherwise stated,
the opportunities described below relate to all of our segments.
The order in which the opportunities are presented reflects the
currently estimated relative exposure for Siemens associated
with these opportunities and thus provides an indication of the
opportunities’ current importance to us. The described oppor-
tunities are not necessarily the only ones we encounter. In ad-
dition, our assessment of opportunities is subject to change as
our Company, our markets and technologies are constantly de-
veloping. It is also possible that opportunities we see today will
never materialize.

Acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships and divest-
ments: We constantly monitor our current and future markets
for opportunities for strategic acquisitions, equity investments
or partnerships to complement organic growth. Such activities

Combined Management Report

could help us to strengthen our position in our existing mar-
kets, provide access to new markets or complement our techno-
logical portfolio in selected areas. Opportunities might also
arise from well executed divestments further optimizing our
portfolio and generating divestment gains.

Electrification, automation and digitalization: Siemens is
positioned along the value chains of electrification, automa-
tion and digitalization in order to increase future market
penetration. Along these value chains, we have identified sev-
eral growth fields in which we see our greatest long-term
potential. We are orienting our resource allocation toward these
growth fields and have announced concrete measures in this
direction. For example, we see an opportunity to leverage busi-
ness analytics across verticals and introduce cloud-enabled soft-
ware and IT services (e.g. predictive maintenance) resulting in
additional business volume, market share and customer reten-
tion. We intend to fully exploit the potential of increasing digita-
lization not just in manufacturing. Utilizing software and simu-
lations, the Digital Factory Division makes product development
considerably faster and more efficient. Data-driven services,
software and IT solutions are of decisive importance as they
have a substantial influence on all of our future growth fields.

Success from innovation: Innovation is a central part of
Siemens “Vision 2020”, an entrepreneurial concept, leading
Siemens into the future in the three stages: first we “drive per-
formance”, then we “strengthen core” and finally we “scale up”
to attain our goals. We do this by investing significantly in R&D
in order to develop innovative, sustainable solutions for our
customers and to simultaneously safeguard our competitive-
ness. We are an innovative company and invent new technolo-
gies that we expect will meet future demands in accordance
with the megatrends of demographic change, urbanization,
climate change and globalization. We are granted thousands of
new patents every year and continuously develop new con-
cepts and convincing business models. We open up access to
new markets and customers through new marketing and sales
strategies as well as Divisional master plans.

Political stabilization of critical countries and recovery of
worldwide economic environment: We see an opportunity
that political stabilization of critical countries may lead to
higher volume because it gives us the opportunity to catch up
revenue that was unavailable in past years. Furthermore, a
rapid worldwide recovery of the economic environment could
also lead to additional volume and profit for Siemens.

Continuously developing and implementing initiatives to
reduce costs, boost sales efforts, adjust capacities, improve
our processes, realize synergies and streamline our port-
folio: In an increasingly competitive market environment, a


--- Page 32 ---

competitive cost structure complements the competitive ad-
vantage of being innovative. We believe that further improve-
ments in our cost position can strengthen our global competi-
tive position and secure our market presence against emerging
and incumbent competitors. For example, we expect to create
sustainable value from productivity measures in connection
with our “Vision 2020" concept. Moreover, establishing a strin-
gent claim management process can help materialize opportu-
nities by enforcing our claims towards our contract partners
even stronger.

Excellent project execution: By expanding project manage-
ment efforts as well as learning from our mistakes in project
execution through a formalized lessons learned approach, we
see an opportunity to continuously reduce non-conformance
costs and ensure on-time delivery of our projects and solutions.
Furthermore, stringent project risk and opportunity manage-
ment, time schedule management, performance bonuses and
highly professional management of consortium partners and
suppliers help us to avoid liquidated damages and ultimately
improve our profit position. In addition, improvements of our
claim management processes enable us to reduce costs in-
curred as a result of customer claims by finding a consensus
with customers while also improving customer relationship
management. At the same time, we reduce quality problems by
proactively addressing supplier issues up front.

Localizing value chain activities: Localizing certain value
chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, mainte-
nance and service in emerging markets, could enable us to re-
duce costs and strengthen our global competitive position, in
particular compared to competitors based in countries with a
more favorable cost structure. Moreover, our local footprint in
many countries might help us to take advantage of a possible
recovery of markets and leverage a shift in markets, resulting in
increased market penetration and market share.

Even though the assessment of individual opportunities have
changed during fiscal year 2015 due to developments in the
external environment as well as the effects of our endeavors to
harvest them, the overall opportunity situation did not change
significantly as compared to the prior year.

A.8.5 Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal control
and risk management system

The following discussion describes information required pursu-
ant to Section 289 (5) and Section 315 (2) no. 5 of the German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and explanatory report.

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal
control and risk management system is to ensure that financial
reporting is conducted in a proper manner, such that the Con-
solidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report of Siemens group as well as the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG as the parent company are prepared in
accordance with all relevant regulations.

Our ERM approach is based on COSO’s “Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrated Framework". As one of the objectives of this
framework is reliability of a company’s financial reporting, it
includes an accounting-related perspective. Our accounting-
related internal control system (control system) is based on
the internationally recognized “Internal Control - Integrated
Framework" also developed by COSO. The two systems are com-
plementary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the implemented control sys-
tem, both in design and operating effectiveness. We have a
standardized procedure under which necessary controls are
defined, documented in accordance with uniform standards,
and tested regularly on their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there
are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of any control sys-
tem, and no system, including one determined to be effective,
may prevent or detect all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the ba-
sis of a centrally issued conceptual framework which primarily
consists of uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart
of accounts. For Siemens AG and other companies within the
Siemens group required to prepare financial statements in ac-
cordance with German Commercial Code, this conceptual
framework is complemented by mandatory regulations specific
to the German Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in
the conceptual framework due to regulatory changes is ana-
lyzed on an ongoing basis. Accounting departments are in-
formed quarterly about current topics and deadlines from an
accounting and closing process perspective.

The base data used in preparing our financial statements
consists of the closing data reported by the operations of
Siemens AG and its subsidiaries. The preparation of the closing
data of most of our entities is supported by an internal shared
services organization. Furthermore, other accounting activi-
ties, such as governance and monitoring related activities, are
usually bundled on regional level. In particular cases, such as
valuations relating to post-employment benefits, external
experts are used. The reported closing data is used to prepare
the financial statements in the consolidation system. The steps
necessary to prepare the financial statements are subject to
both manual and automated controls.

Combined Management Report

33


--- Page 33 ---

34

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting process
is ensured through appropriate selection processes and regular
training. As a fundamental principle, based on materiality con-
siderations, the four eyes principle applies and specific proce-
dures must be adhered to for data authorization. Additional
control mechanisms include target-performance comparisons
and analyses of the composition of and changes in individual
line items, both in the closing data submitted by reporting
units and in the Consolidated Financial Statements. In line with
our information security requirements, accounting-related IT
systems contain defined access rules protecting them from un-
authorized access. The manual and system-based control
mechanisms referred to above generally also apply when rec-
onciling the IFRS closing data to the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG.

Combined Management Report

On a quarterly basis, an internal certification process is exe-
cuted. Management of different levels of our organization, sup-
ported by confirmations of management of entities under their
responsibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data that
has been reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and re-
ports on the effectiveness of the related control systems.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our finan-
cial reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the control system
and the risk management system, and the adherence to our
compliance policies. In addition, the Audit Committee is inte-
grated into our control system. In particular, it oversees the
accounting process and the effectiveness of the control system,
the risk management system and the internal audit system.
Furthermore, we have set up a Disclosure Committee which is
responsible for reviewing certain financial and non-financial
information prior to publication. Moreover, we have rules for
accounting-related complaints.


--- Page 34 ---

A.9 Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have been pre-
pared in accordance with the rules set out in the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group.
Results for Siemens AG are significantly influenced by directly
or indirectly owned subsidiaries and investments. The business
development of Siemens AG is fundamentally subject to the
same risks and opportunities as the Siemens Group. Due to the
interrelations between Siemens AG and its subsidiaries and the
relative size of Siemens AG within the Group, the outlook of
the Group also largely reflects our expectations for Siemens AG.
Therefore, the above mentioned explanations for the Siemens
Group apply also for the Siemens AG. We expect that income
from investments will significantly influence the profit of
Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore, in the years ahead we intend to propose a
dividend payout of 40% to 60% of net income of Siemens
Group, which for this purpose we may adjust to exclude se-
lected exceptional non-cash effects.

As part of the carve-out of Healthcare, Siemens AG transferred
its healthcare business to the newly founded Siemens Health-
care GmbH by way of singular succession. Beginning with fiscal
2015, the results of the Siemens Healthcare GmbH are trans-
ferred to Siemens AG based on the profit-and-loss transfer
agreement between the Siemens AG and the Siemens Health-
care GmbH.

As of September 30, 2015, the number of employees was
100,900.

A.9.1 Results of operations

Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
|_with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year | _% Change

(in millions of €) 2015 2014

Revenue 26,454 30,934 (14)%
Cost of Sales (20,161) (22,109) 9%
Gross profit 6,293 8,824 (29)%

as percentage of revenue 24% 29%

Research and development
expenses (2,417) (2,781) 13%
Selling and general
administrative expenses (3,810) (4,036) 6%
Other operating income

(expenses), net (270) (20)| _>(200)%
Financial income, net

thereof Income from invest-

ments 8,142 (prior year 2,870) 6,122 2,242 173%
Result from ordinary activities 5,918 4,230 40%
Income taxes (300) (444) 32%
Net income 5,618 3,786 48%
Profit carried forward 179 110 64%
Allocation to other retained
earnings (2,714) (988)| _(175)%
Unappropriated net income 3,084 2,907 6%

The decrease in Revenue is due primarily to the carve-out of
Healthcare, which posted €4.8 billion in revenue in fiscal 2014.
In fiscal 2015, the highest contributions to revenue came from
Digital Factory amounting to €6.1 billion, Energy Management
amounting to €5.4 billion, Power and Gas amounting to €5.4 bil-
lion and Process Industries and Drives amounting to €5.2 bil-
lion. On a geographical basis, 74% of revenue was generated in
the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, 19% in the Asia,
Australia region and 7% in the Americas region. Exports from
Germany accounted for 62% of overall revenue. In fiscal 2015,
orders for Siemens AG amounted to €31.8 billion.

Combined Management Report

35


--- Page 35 ---

36

The decrease in Gross profit resulted primarily from the above
mentioned carve-out of Healthcare, which contributed €2.1 bil-
lion to Gross Profit in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015, the strongest
contributions to Gross Profit came from Digital Factory, Power
and Gas as well as Process Industries and Drives. Fiscal 2015
included lower project charges compared to the prior year.
In fiscal 2014, in particular, the Energy Management Division
took charges including €0.4 billion related primarily to grid-
connections to offshore wind-farms and €0.2 billion related to
onshore HVDC transmission line projects. In fiscal 2015,
Siemens handed over the four North Sea grid connection plat-
forms to the customer.

Research and development (R&D) expenses decreased due
primarily to the above mentioned carve-out of Healthcare. R&D
expenses as a percentage of revenue (R&D intensity) remained
at 9%. On an average basis, we employed 11,700 people in R&D
in fiscal 2015. For additional information see —> a.1.1.3 RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT.

The decrease in Other operating income (expenses), net re-
sulted from an increase of €0.5 billion in other operating ex-
penses, only partly offset by an increase in other operating
income of €0.2 billion. Within other operating expenses, nega-
tive effects included additions to post-closing provisions in
connection with the disposal of businesses.

The improvement in Financial income, net was primarily at-
tributable to higher income from investments, which increased
by €5.3 billion. Other financial income (expenses), net was
€1.4 billion lower compared to the prior year.

The primary factors for the increase in income from investments
was a gain of €2.8 billion on the disposal of Siemens’ stake in
BSH and higher income from profit transfers of €2.6 billion, in
particular €1.7 billion from Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH
and €0.8 billion from Siemens Healthcare GmbH.

The decrease in other financial income (expenses), net resulted
mainly from a higher realized loss related to interest and for-
eign currency derivatives of €0.7 billion and from higher ex-
penses from compounding of pension provisions of €0.4 bil-
lion. In addition, impairments of loan receivables of Unify
Holdings B.V. and Unify Germany Holdings B.V. amounting to
€0.2 billion were included. For comparison, fiscal 2014 included
€0.2 billion reversals of impairments of shares in investments.

The decline in Income tax expenses was due mainly to higher

deferred tax assets resulting from provisions. This was partly
offset by prior-year tax effects.

Combined Management Report

A.9.2 Net assets and financial position

Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in accordance
|_with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30, | _% Change
(in millions of €) 2015 2014
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible and tangible assets 2,439 2,419 1%
Financial assets 43,688 42,121 4%
46,127 44,540 4%
Current assets
Receivables and other assets 19,492 15,816 23%
Cash and cash equivalents,
securities 3,816 2,672 43%
23,308 18,488 26%
Prepaid expenses 83 111 (25)%
Deferred tax assets 2,333 2,222 5%
Active difference resulting
from offsetting 29 40 (28)%
Total assets 71,880 65,400 10%
Liabilities and equity
Equity 19,247 18,798 2%
Special reserve
with an equity portion 708 759 (7)%
Provisions
Pensions and similar
commitments 11,553 11,103 4%
Other provisions 7,511 7,369 2%
19,064 18,472 3%
Liabilities
Liabilities to banks 62 208 (70)%
‘Advance payments received 887 677 31%
Trade payables, liabilities
to affiliated companies
and other liabilities 31,545 26,190 20%
32,494 27,075 20%
Deferred income 367 296 24%
Total lia! ‘ies and equity 71,880 65,400 10%

The increase in Financial assets was due primarily to the addi-
tion of Siemens’ 49% stake in the Primetals Technologies Ltd.
joint venture amounting to €0.7 billion - less a €0.1 billion
impairment in fiscal 2015 - and the addition of the newly
founded Siemens Healthcare GmbH amounting to €0.6 billion.
The Siemens Medical Solutions Health Services GmbH
was transferred into this newly founded company with a
carrying amount of €0.3 billion. In addition, a capital increase
of €0.3 billion relating to Siemens Beteiligungsverwaltung
GmbH &Co. OHG was included. Loans and securities within
non-current assets increased by €0.2 billion and €0.2 billion,
respectively.


--- Page 36 ---

The increase in Receivables and other assets was due primar-
ily to higher receivables from affiliated companies as a result of
intra-group financing activities.

Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities
are significantly affected by the liquidity management of
Siemens AG. The liquidity management is based on the finance
strategy of the Siemens Group. Therefore, the change in liquid-
ity of Siemens AG was not driven only from business activities
of Siemens AG.

The increase in Equity was attributable to net income for the
year of €5.6 billion and issuance of treasury stock of €0.3 bil-
lion in conjunction with our share-based payments. These fac-
tors were partly offset by dividends paid in fiscal 2015 (for fiscal
2014) of €2.7 billion. In addition, the equity was reduced due to
share buybacks during the year amounting to €2.7 billion. The
equity ratios at September 30, 2015 and 2014 were 27% and
29%, respectively.

The increase in Pension and similar commitments included
interest and service costs amounting to €0.7 billion and nega-
tive effects amounting to €0.8 billion from adjustment of the
discount rate. These factors were partly offset by pension pay-
ments amounting to €0.6 billion and a transfer of pension
obligations, net to Siemens Healthcare GmbH amounting to
€0.4 billion.

The increase in Other provisions was due primarily to an in-
crease of €0.5 billion in provisions for probable losses for guar-
antees. This was partly offset by a decline of €0.2 billion in pro-
visions for outstanding deliveries and services.

The increase in Trade payables, liabilities to affiliated com-
panies and other liabilities was due primarily to higher liabil-
ities to affiliated companies as a result of intra-group financing
activities.

A.9.3 Corporate Governance statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Section 289a
of the German Commercial Code is an integral part of the Com-
bined Management Report and is presented in -> c.4.2 corPo-
RATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 289A OF THE
GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE.

Combined Management Report

37


--- Page 37 ---

38

A.10 Compensation Report

This report is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code (Code) and the requirements of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), the German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungs Standards)
and the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

A.10.1 Remuneration of Managing Board
members

A.10.1.1 REMUNERATION SYSTEM

The remuneration system for the Siemens Managing Board is
intended to provide an incentive for successful corporate man-
agement with an emphasis on sustainability. Managing Board
members are expected to make a long-term commitment to
and on behalf of the Company and may benefit from any sus-
tained increase in the Company’s value. For this reason, a sub-
stantial portion of their total remuneration is linked to the
long-term performance of Siemens stock. Their remuneration
is to be commensurate with the Company's size and economic
position. Exceptional achievements are to be rewarded ade-
quately, while falling short of targets is to result in an apprecia-
ble reduction in remuneration. The compensation is also struc-
tured so as to be attractive in comparison to that of competitors,
with a view to attracting outstanding managers to the Company
and retaining them for the long term.

The system and levels for the Managing Board’s remuneration
are determined and regularly reviewed by the full Supervisory
Board, based on proposals by the Compensation Committee.
The Supervisory Board reviews remuneration levels annually to
ensure that they are appropriate. In this process, the Company's
economic situation, performance and outlook as well as the
tasks and performance of the individual Managing Board mem-
bers are taken into account. In addition, the Supervisory Board
considers the common level of remuneration in comparison
with peer companies and with the compensation structure in
place in other areas of the Company. It also takes due account
of the relationship between the Managing Board's remunera-
tion and that of senior management and staff, both overall and
with regard to its development over time. For this purpose, the
Supervisory Board has also determined how senior manage-
ment and the relevant staff are to be differentiated. The remu-
neration system that was in place for Managing Board members
in fiscal 2015 was approved by a majority of 92.79% at the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. The individual com-
ponents of compensation — base compensation, variable com-
pensation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based compensation —
are weighted equally, and each comprises about one-third of
target compensation. This equal weighting is also applied to
the three target parameters of variable compensation.

| Remuneration system for Managing Board members as of fiscal 2015

Target compensation

1 Stock-based
component
(Stock Awards)
max. 300% of
target amount

— Long-term stock-based compensation
> Target parameter: stock price
| compared to 5 competitors
> Variability: 0-200% Bonus: 0=200%
I~ add. +20%
= adjustment
Variable compensation (Bonus)
> 3 targets - one-third each
|— > Variability: 0-200%
add. + 20% adjustment
| Base |_ Base
compensation compensation

Maximum amounts of compensation

Share Ownership Guidelines

President
and CEO:
3 times
base com:
pensation

Managing
Board
member:
2 times
base com:
pensation

Compensation overall
[_ Max. 1.7 times target
compensation
Base
compensation

mmm Performance-based component with deferred payout

wm Non-performance-based component

Combined Management Report

mmm Performance-based component

lm Obligation to hold shares during term of office on the Managing Board


--- Page 38 ---

In fiscal 2015, the Managing Board’s remuneration system had
the following components:

Non-performance-based components

Base compensation

Base compensation is paid as a monthly salary. Since October 1,
2014, the base compensation of President and CEO Joe Kaeser
has amounted to €1,878,000 per year. The base compensation
of the CFO and of those members of the Managing Board who
are responsible for Divisions (including Healthcare) has been
€1,010,400 per year. For the other members of the Managing
Board, it has been €939,000 per year.

Fringe benefits

Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equivalent, of non-
monetary benefits and other perquisites, such as the provision
of a company car, contributions toward the cost of insurance,
the reimbursement of expenses for legal advice and tax advice,
accommodation and moving expenses, including a gross-up for
any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments
and costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

Performance-based components

Variable compensation (Bonus)

Variable compensation (Bonus) is based on the Company's busi-
ness performance in the past fiscal year. The Bonus depends on
an equal one-third weighting of target achievement of the tar-
get parameters return on capital employed, earnings per share
and individual targets. To achieve a consistent target system
Company-wide, corresponding targets — in addition to other fac-
tors — also apply to senior managers.

For 100% target achievement (target amount), the amount of
the Bonus equals the amount of base compensation. The Bonus
is subject to a ceiling (cap) of 200%. If targets are substantially
missed, variable compensation may not be paid at all (0%).

At its duty-bound discretion, the Supervisory Board may revise
the amount resulting from target achievement upward or down-
ward by as much as 20%; the adjusted amount of the bonus paid
can thus be as much as 240% of the target amount. In choosing
the factors to be considered in deciding on possible revisions of
the bonus payouts (+20%), the Supervisory Board takes account
of incentives for sustainable corporate management. Decisions
to make discretionary adjustments may take factors such as the
results of an employee survey or a customer satisfaction survey
into account as well as the Company’s economic situation. The
revision option may also be exercised in recognition of Manag-
ing Board members’ individual achievements. The Bonus is paid
entirely in cash.

Long-term stock-based compensation

Long-term stock-based compensation consists of a grant of for-
feitable stock commitments (Stock Awards) at the beginning of
the fiscal year. Beneficiaries receive one free share of Siemens
stock per Stock Award after an approximately four-year restric-
tion period. In the event of extraordinary unforeseen develop-
ments that impact the share price, the Supervisory Board may
decide to reduce the number of promised Stock Awards retro-
actively, or it may decide that in lieu of a transfer of Siemens
stock only a cash settlement in a defined and limited amount
will be paid, or it may decide to postpone transfers of Siemens
stock for payable Stock Awards until the developments have
ceased to impact the share price.

In the event of 100% target achievement, the annual target
amount for the monetary value of the Stock Awards commit-
ment is €1,950,000 for the President and CEO (effective Octo-
ber 1, 2014) and €1,040,000 for each of the other members of
the Managing Board. Since fiscal 2015, the Supervisory Board
has had the option of increasing the target amount for each
member of the Managing Board, on an individual basis, by as
much as 75% for one fiscal year at a time. This option enables
the Supervisory Board to take account of each Managing Board
member's individual accomplishments and experience as well
as the scope and demands of his or her position.

Long-term stock-based compensation is linked to the perfor-
mance of Siemens stock compared to its competitors. The Super-
visory Board will decide on a target system (target value for
100% and target line) for the performance of Siemens stock
relative to the stock of — at present — five competitors (ABB,
General Electric, Rockwell, Schneider Electric and Toshiba). If
significant changes occur among these competitors during the
period under consideration, the Supervisory Board may take
these changes into account, as appropriate, in determining the
values for comparison and/or calculating the relevant stock
prices of those competitors.

Changes in the share price are measured on the basis of a
twelve-month reference period (compensation year) over three
years (performance period), while Stock Awards are restricted
for a period of four years. When this restriction period expires,
the Supervisory Board determines how much better or worse
Siemens stock has performed relative to the stock of its com-
petitors. This determination yields a target achievement of be-
tween 0% and 200% (cap). If target attainment is above 100%,
an additional cash payment corresponding to the outperfor-
mance will be made. If target attainment is less than 100%, a
number of stock commitments equivalent to the shortfall from
the target will expire without replacement.

Combined Management Report

39


--- Page 39 ---

40

The value of the Siemens stock to be transferred for Stock
Awards after the end of the restriction period is subject to a
ceiling of 300% of the respective target amount. If this maxi-
mum amount of compensation is exceeded, the correspond-
ing entitlement to stock commitments will be forfeited without
replacement.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
principles apply in general to the Managing Board and to sen-
ior managers. These principles are discussed in more detail in
—> NOTE 25 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Transparency through simplici

Three equally balanced components within the remuneration system and three equally balanced targets within the Bonus

I
Ys

Base compensation

I
Ys

Variable compensation
(Bonus)

"Vs "Ys
ROCE Earnings
per share

Ys
Long-term

stock-based compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards)

Performance of Siemens stock
compared to 5 competitors

"

Indi ual
targets

Maximum amount for compensation overall

In addition to the maximum amounts of compensation for
variable compensation and long-term stock-based compensa-
tion, a maximum amount for compensation overall has been
defined. Since fiscal 2014, this amount cannot be more than
1.7 times higher than target compensation. Target compensa-
tion comprises base compensation, the target amount for
variable compensation and the target amount for long-term
stock-based compensation, excluding fringe benefits and pen-
sion benefit commitments. When fringe benefits and pension
benefit commitments for a given fiscal year are included, the
maximum amount of compensation overall for that year will
increase accordingly.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part
of the remuneration system for the Managing Board and senior
executives. These guidelines require that - after a specified
buildup phase - Managing Board members hold Siemens stock
worth a multiple of their base compensation — 300% for the
President and CEO, 200% for the other members of the Manag-
ing Board - throughout their terms of office on the Managing
Board. The determining figure in this context is the average
base compensation that a member of the Managing Board has
received over the four years before the applicable dates of proof
of compliance. Changes that have been made to base compen-

Combined Management Report

sation in the meantime are included. Non-forfeitable stock
commitments (Bonus Awards) which were granted until fiscal
2014 are taken into account in determining compliance with
the Share Ownership Guidelines.

Compliance with these guidelines must be proven for the first
time after a four-year buildup phase. Thereafter, it must be
proven annually. If the value of a Managing Board member's
accrued holdings declines below the required minimum due to
fluctuations in the market price of Siemens stock, he or she
must acquire additional shares.

Pension benefit commitments

Like employees of Siemens AG, the members of the Managing
Board are included in the Siemens Defined Contribution Benefit
Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, Managing Board members re-
ceive contributions that are credited to their personal pension
accounts. The amount of these annual contributions is based
on a predetermined percentage related to their base compensa-
tion and the target amount for their Bonuses. This percentage is
decided upon annually by the Supervisory Board. Most recently
it was set at 28%. In making its decisions, the Supervisory Board
takes account of the intended level of provision for each individ-
ual and the length of time he or she has been a Managing Board
member as well as the annual and long-term expense to the
Company resulting from that provision. The non-forfeitability


--- Page 40 ---

of pension benefit commitments is determined in compliance
with the provisions of the German Company Pensions Act
(Betriebsrentengesetz). Special contributions may be granted to
Managing Board members on the basis of individual decisions
by the Supervisory Board. If a member of the Managing Board
earned a pension benefit entitlement from the Company before
the BSAV was introduced, a portion of his or her contributions
went toward financing that prior commitment.

Managing Board members are eligible to receive benefits under
the BSAV at the age of 60 or — in the case of benefit commit-
ments made on or after January 1, 2012 — the age of 62. Asa
rule, the accrued pension benefit balance is paid out to Manag-
ing Board members in twelve annual installments. A Managing
Board member or his or her surviving dependents may also re-
quest that his or her pension benefit balance be paid out in
fewer installments or as a lump sum, subject to the Company's
consent. The accrued pension benefit balance may also be paid
out as a pension. As a further alternative, Managing Board
members may choose to combine pension payments with pay-
ments in one to twelve installments. If the pension option is
chosen, a decision must be made as to whether the payout
should include pensions for surviving dependents. If amember
of the Managing Board dies while receiving a pension, benefits
will be paid to his or her surviving dependents if the member
has chosen such benefits. The Company will then provide a
limited-term pension to surviving children until they reach the
age of 27 or, in the case of benefit commitments made on or
after January 1, 2007, until they reach the age of 25.

Benefits from the retirement benefit system that was in place
before the BSAV was established are normally granted as pen-
sion benefits with a surviving dependent's pension. In this case
also, payout in installments or a lump sum payment may be
chosen instead of pension payments.

Managing Board members who were employed by the Company
on or before September 30, 1983, are entitled to receive transi-
tion payments for the first six months after retirement, equal to
the difference between their final base compensation and the
retirement benefits payable under the corporate pension plan.

Commitments in connection with the termination
of Managing Board membership

Managing Board employment contracts provide for a compen-
satory payment if membership on the Managing Board is termi-
nated prematurely by mutual agreement and without serious
cause. The amount of this payment must not exceed the value
of two years’ compensation and compensate no more than the
remaining term of the contract (cap). The amount of the com-
pensatory payment is calculated on the basis of base compen-
sation, together with the variable compensation and the long-

term stock-based compensation actually received during the
last fiscal year before termination. The compensatory payment
is payable in the month when the member leaves the Managing
Board. In addition, a one-time special contribution is made to
the BSAV. The amount of this contribution is based on the BSAV
contribution that the Managing Board member received in the
previous year and on the remaining term of his or her appoint-
ment, but is limited to not more than two years’ contributions
(cap). The above benefits are not paid if an amicable termina-
tion of the member's activity on the Managing Board is agreed
upon at the member's request, or if there is serious cause for
the Company to terminate the employment relationship.

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in a Managing Board member's position — for example,
due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Man-
aging Board member's duties and responsibilities - the Manag-
ing Board member has the right to terminate his or her contract
with the Company. A change of control exists if one or more
shareholders acting jointly or in concert acquire a majority of
the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling in-
fluence or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a
result of entering into an intercompany agreement within the
meaning of Section 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act
(Aktiengesetz) or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing
corporation or other entity. If this right of termination is exer-
cised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a severance
payment in the amount of not more than two years’ compensa-
tion. The calculation of the annual compensation will include
not only the base compensation and the target amount for the
Bonus, but also the target amount for Stock Awards, in each
case based on the most recent fiscal year completed prior to
the termination of the member's contract. The stock-based
components for which a firm commitment already exists will
remain unaffected. There is no entitlement to a severance pay-
ment if the Managing Board member receives benefits from
third parties in connection with a change of control. Moreover,
there is no right to terminate if the change of control occurs
within a period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board
member's retirement.

Compensatory or severance payments also cover non-mone-
tary benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total com-
pensation or severance amount. Compensatory or severance
payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for
discounted values and for income earned elsewhere. However,
this reduction will apply only to the portion of the compensa-
tory or severance payment that was calculated without taking
into account the first six months of the remaining term of the
Managing Board member's employment contract.

Combined Management Report

41


--- Page 41 ---

42

Stock commitments that were made as long-term stock-based
compensation and for which the restriction period is still in
effect will be forfeited without replacement if the employment
agreement is not extended after the end of an appointment
period, either at the Managing Board member's request or
because there is serious cause that would have entitled the
Company to revoke the appointment or terminate the contract.
However, once granted, Stock Awards are not forfeited if the
employment agreement is terminated by mutual agreement at
the Company's request, or because of retirement, disability or
death or in connection with a spinoff, the transfer of an opera-
tion or a change of activity within the corporate group. In these
cases, the Stock Awards will remain in effect upon termination
of the employment agreement and will be honored on expira-
tion of the restriction period.

A.10.1.2 REMUNERATION OF MANAGING BOARD
MEMBERS FOR FISCAL 2015

At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board set
the target parameters return on capital employed (ROCE) and
earnings per share (EPS), in each case on the basis of continu-
ing and discontinued operations. The target values for the EPS

component were defined on a multi-year basis. In defining the
target for variable compensation, the Supervisory Board also
defined individual targets for all members of the Managing
Board so as to take fuller account of their individual perfor-
mance. As a rule, up to five individual targets were defined for
this purpose. These targets take account of business-related
targets such as market coverage and business performance as
well as targets such as customer and employee satisfaction, in-
novation and sustainability. An internal review of the appropri-
ateness of Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2015 has
confirmed that the remuneration of the Managing Board result-
ing from target achievement for fiscal 2015 is to be considered
appropriate. In light of this review and following a review of the
achievement of the targets defined at the beginning of the fis-
cal year, the Supervisory Board has decided to define the
amounts of variable compensation, stock commitments and
pension benefit contributions as follows:

Variable compensation (Bonus)
The following targets were set and attained with respect to the
two target parameters ROCE and EPS for variable compensation:

Target parameter

100% of target Actual FY 2015 figure Target achievement?

Return on capital employed, ROCE*

15.96% 19.63% 128.00%

Earnings per share, basic EPS" (02013-2015)

€5.40 €6.76 190.67%

1. Continuing and discontinued operations.

2. Calculative target achievement ROCE was 200% (cap). The Supervisory Board adjusted this target achievement due to the sale of the hearing aid business (Audiology)

The achievement of individual targets was also taken into
account when determining overall target achievement. In its
overall assessment, the Supervisory Board decided not to make
any discretionary adjustments to the Bonus payout amounts. In
fiscal 2015, Bonus-related target achievement by Managing
Board members was between 132.89% and 146.22%.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

Long-term stock-based compensation

Since beneficiaries are not entitled to receive dividends, the
number of stock commitments granted was based on the clos-
ing price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on the date of award
less the present value of dividends expected during the restric-
tion period. The share price used to determine the number of
stock commitments was €72.30 for 2015 as well as for 2014.

Benefits related to the termination of Managing
Board membership

In connection with the mutually agreed-upon termination of
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt’s activity on the Managing Board as
of January 31, 2015, it was agreed that his current employment
contract with the Company would terminate as of Septem-
ber 30, 2015. The entitlements agreed upon under the contract
remained in effect until that date. A gross compensatory pay-
ment of €1,888,566 and a one-time special contribution of
€279,552 to the BSAV were agreed upon with Prof. Dr. Hermann
Requardt in connection with the mutually agreed-upon prema-
ture termination of his Managing Board membership. The Stock
Awards already granted and for which the restriction period is
still in effect will be maintained in accordance with the terms
of his employment contract and will be settled in cash at the
closing price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on Septem-
ber 30, 2015 (€79.94). Pursuant to the terms of his employment

contract, Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt’s base compensation for
fiscal 2015 as well as the variable compensation and long-term
stock-based compensation that he received for fiscal 2014 were
used to determine the amount of his compensatory payment
and limited to a total of his compensation for the remaining
term of his appointment. In addition, non-monetary benefits
were covered by a payment amounting to 5% of the compensa-
tory payment. The Company also reimbursed Prof. Dr. Hermann
Requardt for out-of-pocket expenses of €5,000 plus value-
added tax.

Total compensation

On the basis of the Supervisory Board's decisions described
above, Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2015 totaled
€27.42 million, a decrease of 4% (2014: €28.57 million). Of this
total amount, €19.56 million (2014: €17.89 million) was attribut-
able to cash compensation and €7.86 million (2014: €10.68 mil-
lion) to stock-based compensation.

The compensation presented on the following pages was
granted to the members of the Managing Board for fiscal 2015
(individualized disclosure). Due to rounding, the figures pre-
sented in the table may not add up precisely to the totals
provided.

Combined Management Report

43


--- Page 43 ---

| Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2015

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components Fringe benefits"

Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive
effect, non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation (Bonus) —
Cash component (Code)

with long-term incentive effect, Multi-year variable compensation”?

stock-based Variable compensation (Bonus) — Bonus Awards*

Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 4 years)

Target achievement depending on EPS for past three fiscal years*

Target achievement depending on future stock performance®

Total®

Service cost

Total (Code)?

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2015, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted to €27.42 million
(2014: €28.57 million). The granted payout amount presented below is to be used instead of the target value according to the Code for one-year variable
compensation. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive
effect, non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation (Bonus) —
Cash component

Total compensation

| Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2015

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)

based components Fringe benefits?

Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive
effect, non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation (Bonus) —
Cash component (Code)

with long-term incentive effect, Multi-year variable compensation”?

stock-based Variable compensation (Bonus) — Bonus Awards*

Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 4 years)

Target achievement depending on EPS for past three fiscal years

Target achievement depending on future stock performance?

Total®

Service cost

Total (Code)?

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2015, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted to €27.42 million
(2014: €28.57 million). The granted payout amount presented below is to be used instead of the target value according to the Code for one-year variable
compensation. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

effect, non-stock-based

without long-term incentive

Cash component

One-year variable compensation (Bonus) —

Total compensation

1

Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equiva:
lent, of non-monetary benefits and other perquisites,
such as the provision of company cars in the amount
of €158,131 (2014: €181,638), contributions toward
the cost of insurance in the amount of €134,170 (2014:
€71,776), the reimbursement of expenses for legal
advice and tax advice, accommodation and moving
expenses, including any taxes due in this regard,
currency adjustment payments and costs relating to
preventive medical examinations in the amount of
€330,620 (2014: €194,498)

The figures for individual maximums for multi-year
variable compensation reflect the possible maximum.
value in accordance with the maximum amount agreed
upon for fiscal 2015, that is, 300% of the applicable
target amount.

3. The expenses recognized for stock-based compensa:
tion for members of the Managing Board in accordance
with the IFRS in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 amounted
to €8,109,155 and €16,141,235, respectively. The fol-
lowing amounts pertained to the members of the
Managing Board in fiscal 2015: Joe Kaeser €2,003,783
(2014: €1,822,932), Dr. Roland Busch €1,129,224 (2014:
+€922,535), Lisa Davis €284,928 (2014: €1,337,996),
Klaus Helmrich €1,076,237 (2014: €949,521), Janina
Kugel €140,185 (2014: €0), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russ-
wurm €1,239,596 (2014: €1,118,839), and Dr. Ralf P.
Thomas €516,915 (2014: €446,570). The corresponding
expense, determined in the same way, for former
Managing Board members was as follows: Brigitte
Ederer €105,227 (2014: €35,373), Barbara Kux €105,227
(2014: €1,971,611), Peter Loscher €230,387 (2014.
+€107,733), Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt €1,107,522

(2014: €1,254,756), Peter Y. Solmssen €141,258 (2014:
€3,430,484), and Dr. Michael SiB €28,666 (2014:
€2,742,885).

For Stock Awards granted in fiscal 2014 for which the
target attainment depends on the EPS for the past
three fiscal years and for Bonus Awards granted in
fiscal 2014, the fair value at the date of award is equiva:
lent to the respective monetary value. As of fiscal 2015,
the Bonus is granted entirely in cash; Stock Awards are
linked solely to the performance of Siemens stock in
comparison to its competitors

‘The monetary values relating to 100% target achieve-
ment were €8,190,219 (2014: €4,970,916). The amounts
for individual Managing Board members were as
follows: Joe Kaeser €1,950,003 (2014: €950,022),

Dr. Roland Busch €1,040,036 (2014: €500,027),


--- Page 44 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis® Klaus Helmrich
President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member
2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015
(min) (max) (min) (max) (min) (max) (min) (max)
1,845 1,878 1,878 1,878 998 1,010 1,010 1,010 166 1,010 1,010 1,010 998 1,010 1,010 1,010
95 102 102 102 51 53 53 53 15 227 227 227 62 42 42 42
1,940 1,980 1,980 1,980 1,049 1,063 1,063 1,063 181 1,238 1,238 1,238 1,061 1,052 1,052 1,052
1,384 1,878 0 4,507 749 1,010 0 2,425 125 1,010 2,425 749 1,010 0 2,425
2,221 1,871 0 5,850 1,218 998 oO 3,120 1,520 998 0 3,120 1,164 998 0 3,120
672 - - - 403 - - - 42 - - - 349 - - -
912 - - - 480 - - - 871 - - - 480 - - -
637 1,871 oO 5,850 335 998 i) 3,120 608 998 i) 3,120 335 998 0 3,120
5,545 5,729 1,980 9,700 3,017 3,071 1,063 5,203 1,826 3,246 1,238 5,203 2,973 3,061 1,052 5,203
1,059 1,096 1,096 1,096 561 604 604 604 2,819 611 611 611 521 604 604 604
6,603 6,825 3,076 | 10,796 3,578 3,675 1,667 5,807 4,645 3,857 1,848 5,814 3,494 3,664 1,656 5,807
2,016 2,683 1,210 1,444 125 1,477 1,046 1,376
6,177 6,535 3,478 3,505 1,826 3,713 3,271 3,427
Janina Kugel Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm Dr. Ralf P. Thomas Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt?
Managing Board member Managing Board member cro Managing Board member
since February 1, 2015 until January 31, 2015
2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2014 2015
(min) (max) (min) (max) (min) (max)
- 626 626 626 998 1,010 1,010 1,010 998 1,010 1,010 1,010 998 337
- 25 25 25 44 78 78 78 61 67 67 67 84 28
= 651 651 651 1,042 1,088 1,088 1,088 1,060 1,078 1,078 1,078 1,082 365
- 626 0 1,502 749 1,010 0 2,425 749 1,010 2,425 749 337
- 665 0 2,080 1,172 998 0 3,120 1,164 998 3,120 1,359 333
- - - - 357 - - - 349 - - - 340 -
- - - - 480 - - - 480 - - - 600 -
- 665 0 2,080 335, 998 i} 3,120 335 998 i) 3,120 419 333
- 1,942 651 3,307 2,963 3,097 1,088 5,203 2,972 3,086 1,078 5,203 3,190 1,035
- 103 103 103 560 603 603 603 230 604 604 604 540 580
- 2,045 754 3,410 3,523 3,700 1,691 5,806 3,202 3,690 1,682 5,807 3,730 1,615
- 832 1,070 1,376 1,046 1,410 1,021 451
- 2,148 3,284 3,463 3,270 3,486 3,463 1,149
Lisa Davis €1,040,036 (2014: €907,076), Klaus Helmrich 6 Total maximum compensation for fiscal 2015 represents the reimbursed, For base compensation of calendar year 2014 as
€1,040,036 (2014: €500,027), Janina Kugel €693,357 (2014 contractual maximum amount for overall compensation, well as for the cash Bonus of fiscal 2014, a currency-adjust-
€0), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm €1,040,036 (2014: excluding fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments, ment payment was granted
€500,027), and Dr. Ralf P, Thomas €1,040,036 (2014: At 17 times target compensation (base compensation, target Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt resigned from the Managing
€500,027). The corresponding monetary values for former amount for the Bonus and the target amount for long-term Boaid cffecrive the end of the day on January 31,2015, His
Managing Board members were as follows: Barbara Kux €0 stock-based compensation), the maximum amount is less employment contract ended otfetive september 30.015
(2014: €63,913), Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt €346,679 (2014: than the total of the individual contractual caps for perfor- ih cnidition to the total compensation shown above for his
€625,034), Peter Y. Solmssen €0 (2014: €125,007) and mance-based components. work as a member of the Managing Board, Prof. br. Requardt
Dr. Michael SOB €0 (2014: €299,756). Because Janina Kugel 7 Total compensation reflects the current fair value of stock- received the following compensation for the remaining term
Joined the Managing Board during the Fiscal year the mone: based compensation components on the award date. On of his contract from February 1 to September 30, 2015: fixed
{ary value relating to 100% target achievement was prorated the basis of the current monetary values of stock-based compensation of €673,600, fringe benefits of €68,203,
and, instead of Stock Awards, she received an equivalent compensation components, total compensation amounted variable compensation (Bonus) of €902,624 and Siemens
amount of Phantom Brock Aver A we end o ns reste to €27,756,633 (2014: €29,109,709) Stock Awards in the amount of €665,258. In accordance
ion period, these awards will be settled in cash rather than ;
via‘ stock ransfer Otherwise, the regulations are the same 8 Ms. Davis's compensation is pad out in Germany in euros with the provisions of his contract, his Stock Awards will be

as those for Stock Awards.

It has been agreed that any tax liability that arises due to
tax rates that are higher in Germany than in the U.S. will be

settled in cash at the closing price of Siemens stock in Xetra
trading on September 30, 2015.


--- Page 45 ---

Allocations multi-year variable compensation granted for fiscal 2015 and
The following table shows allocations for fiscal 2015 for fixed shown above, this table includes the actual figure for multi-
compensation, fringe benefits, one-year variable compensation _ year variable compensation granted in previous years and allo-
and multi-year variable compensation —by reference year- as _ cated in fiscal 2015. Due to rounding, the figures presented in
well as the expense of pension benefits. In deviation from the __ the table may not add up precisely to the totals provided.

| Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2015

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)
based components Fringe benefits?
Total
Performance-based without long-term incentive effect, non-stock-based One-year variable compensation (Bonus) - Cash component?
components with long-term incentive effect, stock-based Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2010 - 2013)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2012 — 2014)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2011 - 2013)
Other
Total

Service cost

Total (Code)

| Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2015

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)
based components Fringe benefits"
Total
Performance-based without long-term incentive effect, non-stock-based One-year variable compensation (Bonus) - Cash component?
components with long-term incentive effect, stock-based Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2010 - 2013)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2012 - 2014)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2011 - 2013)
Other*
Total

Service cost

Total (Code)

1 Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equiva: advice and tax advice, accommodation and moving 2. The cash component of one-year variable compensa:
lent, of non-monetary benefits and other perquisites, expenses, including any taxes due in this regard, tion (Bonus) presented above therefore represents the
such as the provision of company cars in the amount currency adjustment payments and costs relating to amount awarded for fiscal 2015, which will be paid out
of €158,131 (2014: €181,638), contributions toward the preventive medical examinations in the amount of in January 2016.
cost of insurance in the amount of €134,170 (2014 €330,620 (2014: €194,498)

€71,776), the reimbursement of expenses for legal

46 Combined Management Report


--- Page 46 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis Klaus Helmrich

President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
1,878 1,845 1,010 998 1,010 166 1,010 998
102 95 53 51 227 15 42 62
1,980 1,940 1,063 1,049 1,238 181 1,052 1,061
2,683 2,016 1,444 1,210 1,477 125 1,376 1,046
0 1,595 0 269 0 0 367

0 1,392 0 269 0 0 0 366

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 203 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 66 0 1 0 1,098 0 15
4,664 5,617 2,507 2,539 2,715 1,404 2,429 2,488
1,096 1,059 604 561 611 2,819 604 521
5,760 6,676 3,111 3,100 3,326 4,223 3,032 3,009
Janina Kugel Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm Dr. Ralf P. Thomas Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt®

Managing Board member
since February 1, 2015

Managing Board member

cro Managing Board member
until January 31, 2015

2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
626 - 1,010 998 1,010 998 337 998
25 - 78 44 67 61 28 84
651 - 1,088 1,042 1,078 1,060 365 1,082
832 - 1,376 1,070 1,410 1,046 451 1,021
oO - 0 1,392 177 535 oO 1,519

0 - 0 1,392 Oo 520 Oo 1,392

0 - 0 0 177 0 Oo oO

0 - 0 0 0 15 0 127

0 - 0 56 0 22 0 62
1,482 - 2,465 3,560 2,665 2,662 817 3,684
103 - 603 560 604 230 580 540
1,586 - 3,068 4,120 3,269 2,892 1,397 4,224

3 Starting with the Siemens Stock Awards tranche of 2011, the
restriction period was extended from three to four years.
Shares from the Siemens Stock Awards for 2011 will thus only
be transferred in November 2015. Therefore, no allocation
for Siemens Stock Awards was made in fiscal 2015.

4 “Other’ includes the adjustment of the Siemens Stock
Awards for 2010 (transfer in November 2013) in accordance

with Section 23 and Section 125 of the German Transforma-
tion Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) due to the spin-off of
OSRAM. For Ms. Davis, “Other” represents the cash compo-
nent of the compensatory payment made in December 2014
for the forfeiture of benefits from her former employer.

Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt resigned from the Managing
Board effective the end of the day on January 31, 2015. His

employment contract ended effective September 30, 2015.
In addition to the total compensation shown above for his
work as a member of the Managing Board, Prof. Dr. Requardt
received the following compensation for the remaining term
of his contract from February 1 to September 30, 2015: fixed
compensation of €673,600, fringe benefits of €68,203, and
variable compensation (Bonus) of €902,624.

Combined Management Report

47


--- Page 47 ---

48

Pension benefit commitments

For fiscal 2015, the members of the Managing Board were
granted contributions under the BSAV totaling €4.8 million
(2014: €5.1 million), based on a resolution of the Supervisory
Board dated November 11, 2015. Of this amount, €0.1 million
(2014: €0.1 million) related to the funding of pension commit-
ments earned prior to transfer to the BSAV.

The contributions under the BSAV are added to the personal
pension accounts each January, following the close of the fiscal
year. Until a beneficiary's date of retirement, his or her pension
account is credited with an annual interest payment (guaran-
teed interest) on January 1 of each year. The interest rate is cur-
rently 1.25%.

The following table shows individualized details of the contri-
butions (allocations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2015 as well as
the defined benefit obligations for pension commitments.

Total contributions* for Defined benefit obligation? for all pension
commitments excluding deferred compensation?
(Amounts in €) 2015 2014 2015 2014
Managing Board members
serving as of September 30, 2015
Joe Kaeser 1,051,680 1,033,200 8,056,153 7,174,641
Dr. Roland Busch 565,824 559,104 3,243,101 2,769,337
Lisa Davis 565,824 93,184 3,126,396 2,818,722
Klaus Helmrich 565,824 559,104 3,522,681 3,047,911
Janina Kugel* 350,560 = 438,713 =
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 565,824 559,104 4,824,749 4,390,368
Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 565,824 559,104 3,225,678 2,742,051
Former members of the Managing Board
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt® 565,824 559,104 6,977,620 6,273,529
Total 4,797,184 3,921,904 33,415,101 29,216,559

1. The expenses (service cost) recognized in accordance
with the IFRS in fiscal 2015 for Managing Board
members’ entitlements under the BSAV in fiscal 2015
amounted to €4,804,639 (2014: €7,913,201).

2. The defined benefit obligations reflect one-time special
contributions to the BSAV of €279,552 (2014:
€3,558,315) for new appointments from outside the
Company and for special contributions in connection
with departures from the Managing Board. These

obligations amounted to €0 (2014: €2,745,615) for
Lisa Davis, €279,552 (2014: €0) for Prof. Dr. Hermann
Requardt and €0 (2014: €812,700) for Dr. Michael Si,

Deferred compensation totals €4,947,717 (2014
€10,057,923), including €3,207,002 for Joe Kaeser (2014
€3,171,486), €305,023 for Klaus Helmrich (2014: €302,595)
and €49,794 for Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2014: €49,732). De
ferred compensation for former Managing Board members
is as follows: €0 for Barbara Kux (2014: €4,697,955),

€1,385,898 for Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt (2014:
‘€1,381,365) and €0 for Peter Y. Solmssen (2014: €454,790).

Janina Kugel was elected a full member of the Managing
Board effective February 1, 2015,

Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt resigned from the Managing
Board effective the end of the day on January 31, 2015.
His employment contract ended effective September 30,
2015.

In fiscal 2015, former members of the Managing Board and
their surviving dependents received emoluments within the
meaning of Section 314 para. 1 No. 6 b of the German Commer-
cial Code totaling €30.5 million (2014: €24.2 million). This fig-
ure includes the compensation for former Managing Board
member Peter Y. Solmssen for the remaining period of his em-
ployment contract from October 2014 through March 2015, the
cash compensation for Bonus Awards granted in the past as
well as the pro rata contribution to the BSAV. It also includes
the compensatory payment connected with the mutually
agreed-upon termination of the Managing Board membership
of Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt as of January 31, 2015, the com-

Combined Management Report

pensation for the remaining term of his employment contract —
that is, from February 1 to September 30, 2015 - and a special
contribution to the BSAV. For the period from February1
through September 30, 2015, Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt received
9,590 Stock Awards, which will be settled in cash in accordance
with the provisions of his employment contract and in connec-
tion with the mutually agreed-upon termination of his Manag-
ing Board membership. Mr. Solmssen received 7,193 Stock
Awards for the period from October 2014 through March 2015.
Other than this, former Managing Board members and their
surviving dependents received 0 (2014: 18,912) Stock Awards.


--- Page 48 ---

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension commit-
ments to former members of the Managing Board and their
surviving dependents as of September 30, 2015, amounted to
€228.3 million (2014: €234.4 million). This figure is included in
—> NOTE 16 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Other
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Managing Board.

A.10.1.3_ ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION INSTRUMENTS
IN FISCAL 2015

Stock commitments

The following table shows the changes in the balance of the
stock commitments held by Managing Board members in fiscal
2015:

Balance at beginning Granted during | Vested and Forfeited Balance at end
of fiscal 2015 fiscal year? fulfilled during of fiscal 2015?
during | fiscal year
fiscal year
Forfeitable commitments
of Stock Awards
(Target
Non- Non- (Target | attainment Commit- Non-
forfeitable | Forfeitable | forfeitable | attainment | depending ments forfeitable | _Forfeitable
commit- commit: commit- | depending on future of Bonus Commit- commit- commit-
ments of ments ments of | on EPS for stock ‘Awards ments ments of ments of
Bonus of Stock Bonus | past three perfor- | and Stock of Stock Bonus Stock
(Amounts in number of units) Awards ‘Awards ‘Awards | fiscal years) mance) ‘Awards ‘Awards ‘Awards Awards
Managing Board members
serving as of
September 30, 2015
Joe Kaeser 31,729 76,699 9,296 12,615 40,111 - - 41,025 129,425
Dr. Roland Busch 21,544 44,443 5,578 6,639 21,301 = - 27,122 72,383
Lisa Davis = - 576 12,044 26,931 = = 576 38,975
Klaus Helmrich 22,409 45,314 4,824 6,639 21,301 = - 27,233 73,254
Janina Kugel? - 3,999 - 664 10,992 - - - 15,655
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 30,503 54,952 4,934 6,639 21,301 = - 35,437 82,892
Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 206 23,184 4,824 6,639 21,301 = = 5,030 51,124
Former members
of the Managing Board
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt* 32,403 54,952 4,709 8,299 23,030 = - 37,112 86,281
Total 138,794 303,543 34,741 60,178 186,268 = = 173,535 549,989
1 The weighted average fair value as of the grant date for 3_Janina Kugel was elected a full member of the Managing 4 Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt resigned from the Managing
fiscal 2015 was €66.20 per granted share. Board effective February 1, 2015. Because she joined the Board effective the end of the day on January 31, 2015.
2 Amounts also include stock commitments (Stock Awards Managing Board during the fiscal year, the target His employment contract ended effective September 30,

and Phantom Stock Awards) granted in November 2014
for fiscal 2015. These amounts may further include stock
commitments received as compensation by the Manag
ing Board member before joining the Managing Board.

amount for her stock-based compensation was prorated
and, instead of Stock Awards, she received an equivalent
amount of Phantom Stack Awards. At the end of the
restriction period, these awards will be settled in cash
rather than via a stock transfer. Otherwise, the regula-
tions are the same as those for Stock Awards.

2015. In accordance to the provisions of his contract, the
Siemens Stock Awards will be settled in cash at the
closing price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on Sep-
tember 30, 2015.

Combined Management Report

49


--- Page 49 ---

50

Shares from the Share Matching Plan

Fiscal 2011 was the last year in which Managing Board members
were entitled to participate in the Siemens Share Matching
Plan. Under the plan, they were entitled to invest up to 50% of
the annual gross amount of their variable cash compensation,
as determined for fiscal 2010, in Siemens shares. After the expi-
ration of a vesting period of approximately three years, plan
participants are entitled to receive one free matching share of
Siemens stock for every three Siemens shares acquired and
continuously held under the plan, provided the participants
were employed without interruption at Siemens AG or a
Siemens company until the end of the vesting period. At the
beginning of fiscal 2015, the following members of the Manag-
ing Board had entitlements to matching shares, which they ac-
quired before joining the Managing Board: Dr. Ralf P. Thomas,
2,685 shares. In fiscal 2015 the following entitlements to match-
ing shares were acquired: Janina Kugel, 3 shares. In fiscal 2015
the following entitlements to matching shares were due: 1,905

shares, Dr. Ralf P. Thomas. During fiscal 2015, no entitlements
to matching shares were forfeited. Entitlements to matching
shares at the end of fiscal 2015 show the following balance:
Janina Kugel, 3 shares and Dr. Ralf P. Thomas, 780 shares. These
entitlements have the following fair values: Janina Kugel, €174
(2014: €0) and Dr. Ralf P. Thomas, €42,657 (2014: €133,392).

Share Ownership Guidelines

The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board mem-
bers must provide first-time proof of compliance with the
Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines vary from member to
member, depending on when he or she was appointed to the
Managing Board. The following table shows the number of
Siemens shares that were held by Managing Board members in
office at September 30, 2015, as of the March 2015 deadline for
proving compliance with the Share Ownership Guidelines as
well as the number that are to be held permanently with a view
to future deadlines.

Obligations under Share Ownership Guidelines

Required Proven
Percentage Percentage
of base Number of of base Number of
(Amounts in number of units or €) compensation" Value" shares? compensation" Value? shares?
Managing Board members serving
as of September 30, 2015, and required
to show proof as of March 13, 2015
Joe Kaeser 300% 3,874,688 43,062 732% 9,451,589 105,041
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 200% 1,905,950 21,182 801% 7,629,314 84,789
Total 5,780,638 64,244 17,080,903 189,830

1. The amount of the obligation is based on the average
base compensation for the four years prior to the respec-
tive dates of proof.

Combined Management Report

2. Based on the average Xetra opening price of €89.98 for
the fourth quarter of 2014 (October - December)

3 As of March 13, 2015 (date of proof), including
Bonus Awards.


--- Page 50 ---

A.10.2 Remuneration of Supervisory
Board members

The current remuneration policies for the Supervisory Board
were authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on
January 28, 2014, and are effective as of fiscal 2014. Details are
set out in Section 17 of the Articles of Association of Siemens AG.
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board consists entirely of
fixed compensation; it reflects the responsibilities and scope of
the work of the Supervisory Board members. The Chairman and
Deputy Chairmen of the Supervisory Board as well as the Chair-
men and members of the Audit Committee, the Chairman's Com-
mittee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance Commit-
tee and the Innovation and Finance Committee receive additional
compensation.

Under current rules, the members of the Supervisory Board
receive an annual base compensation of €140,000; the Chair-
man of the Supervisory Board receives a base compensation of
€280,000, and each of the Deputy Chairmen receives €220,000.

The members of the Supervisory Board committees receive the
following additional fixed compensation for their committee
work: the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives €160,000,
and each of the other members of the Committee receives
€80,000; the Chairman of the Chairman's Committee receives
€120,000, and each of the other members of the Committee
receives €80,000; the Chairman of the Compensation Commit-
tee receives €100,000, and each of the other members of the
Committee receives €60,000 (compensation for any work on
the Chairman's Committee counts toward compensation for
work on the Compensation Committee); the Chairman of the

Innovation and Finance Committee receives €80,000, and
each of the other members of the Committee receives €40,000;
the Chairman of the Compliance Committee receives €80,000,
and each of the other members of the Committee receives
€40,000. However, no additional compensation is paid for
work on the Compliance Committee if a member of that Com-
mittee is already entitled to compensation for work on the
Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member does not attend a meeting of
the Supervisory Board, one-third of the aggregate compensa-
tion due to that member is reduced by the percentage of Super-
visory Board meetings not attended by the member in relation
to the total number of Supervisory Board meetings held during
the fiscal year. In the event of changes in the composition of
the Supervisory Board and/or its committees, compensation is
paid on a pro rata basis, rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled
to receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the Supervisory
Board and its committees that they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties
and for any value-added taxes to be paid on their remuneration.
For the performance of his duties, the Chairman of the Super-
visory Board is also entitled to an office with secretarial support
and the use of a carpool service.

No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board.

Combined Management Report

51


--- Page 51 ---

52

The compensation shown below was determined for each of
the members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal 2015 (individu-

alized disclosure).

2015 2014
Additional Additional
compen compen-
sation for Meeting sation for Meeting
Base com- committee attend- Base com- committee attend-

(Amounts in €) pensation work ance fee Total | __ pensation work ance fee Total
Supervisory Board members
serving as of September 30, 2015
Dr. Gerhard Cromme. 280,000 | 280,000 48,000 | 608,000 | 280,000 | _280,000 55,500 | 615,500
Birgit Steinborn' 200,000 | 200,000 45,000 | 445,000| 140,000] 186,667 43,500 | 370,167
Werner Wenning 220,000 | 140,000 33,000 | 393,000] 211,852 134,815 39,000 | 385,667
Olaf Bolduan' 140,000 - 9,000 | 149,000 35,000 - 4,500 39,500
Michael Diekmann 132,222 56,667 13,500 | 202,389 | 134,815 52,963 18,000 | 205,778
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul 140,000 | 160,000 27,000 | _327,000| 140,000 | —_160,000 30,000 | 330,000
Reinhard Hahn +2 105,000 - 4,500 | 109,500 - - - -
Bettina Haller? 140,000 80,000 24,000 | 244,000] 140,000 80,000 28,500 | 248,500
Hans-Jiirgen Hartung 140,000 - 9,000 | 149,000] 140,000 - 13,500 | 153,500
Robert Kensbock? 140,000 | 180,000 30,000 | 350,000| 140,000] 106,667 27,000 | 273,667
Harald Kern? 140,000 80,000 21,000 | 241,000] 140,000 76,667 25,500 | 242,167
Jiirgen Kerner? 132,222 | _ 170,000 31,500 | 333,722 140,000 | _120,000 28,500 | _ 288,500
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 140,000 33,333 15,000 | 188,333 | 124,444 - 10,500 | 134,944
Gérard Mestrallet 140,000 = 9,000 | 149,000] 119,259 5,679 7,500 | 132,438
Dr. Norbert Reithofer? 93,333 14,815 4,500 | 112,648 - - - -
Giiler Sabanci 140,000 - 9,000 | 149,000] 129,630 - 10,500 | 140,130
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens? 105,000 - 4,500 | 109,500 - - - -
Michael Sigmund 140,000 = 9,000 | 149,000 81,667 - 9,000 90,667
Jim Hagemann Snabe 132,222 | _ 113,333 28,500 | 274,056 | 124,444 97,778 19,500 | 241,722
Sibylle Wankel" 132,222 37,778 13,500 | 183,500 | 140,000 40,000 21,000 | _ 201,000
Former Supervisory Board members
Gerd von Brandenstein? 41,481 23,704 9,000 74,185 | 140,000 80,000 30,000 | 250,000
Prof. Dr. Peter Gruss? 46,667 13,333 7,500 67,500 | 134,815 35,309 15,000 | 185,123
Berthold Huber"? 73,333 26,667 10,500 | 110,500] 211,852 77,037 25,500 | 314,389
Total* 3,093,704 | 1,609,630 | 415,500 | 5,118,833 | 2,847,778 | 1,533,580 | 462,000 | 4,843,358

1 These employee representatives on the Supervisory
Board and the representatives of the trade unions on
the Supervisory Board have declared their willingness
to transfer their compensation to the Hans Boeckler
Foundation, in accordance with the guidelines of the
Confederation of German Trade Unions (DGB).

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for Supervisory
and Managing Board members and certain other employees of
the Siemens Group. The policy is taken out for one year at a

2. Reinhard Hahn was appointed to the Supervisory Board

by court order effective the end of the Annual Shareholders’

Meeting on January 27, 2015, succeeding Berthold Huber,
who resigned from the Supervisory Board effective the
same date

3. Dr. Norbert Reithofer and Dr. Nathalie von Siemens were
elected to the Supervisory Board effective the end of the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. They

succeed Gerd von Brandenstein and Prof. Dr. Peter Gruss,
who resigned from the Supervisory Board effective the
same date

The total figure, compared to the amount presented in
the 2014 Compensation Report, does not include the total
compensation of €289,833 paid to former Supervisory
Board members Lothar Adler and Prof. Dr. Rainer Sieg

the insured in cases of financial loss associated with their activ-
ities on behalf of the Company. The insurance policy for fiscal

time and renewed annually. It covers the personal liability of

Combined Management Report

2015 includes a deductible for the members of the Managing
Board and the Supervisory Board that complies with the re-
quirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the Code.


--- Page 52 ---

A.11 Takeover-relevant information

(pursuant to Sections 289 para. 4 and 315 para. 4 of the German Commercial Code)

and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition of common stock

As of September 30, 2015, the Company’s common stock to-
taled €2.643 billion. The capital stock is divided into 881 million
registered shares with no par value and a notional value of
€3.00 per share. The shares are fully paid in. All shares confer
the same rights and obligations. The shareholders’ rights and
obligations are governed in detail by the provisions of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act, in particular by Sections 12, 53a et
seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one vote
and accounts for the shareholders’ proportionate share in the
Company's net income. An exception from this rule applies
with regard to treasury shares held by the Company, which do
not entitle the Company to any rights. Under Section 136 of the
German Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected
shares is excluded by law.

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the employee
share program implemented since the beginning of fiscal 2009,
in particular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable
unless applicable local laws provide otherwise. Under the rules
of the program, however, in order to receive one matching
share free of charge for each three shares purchased, partici-
pants are required to hold the shares purchased by them for a
vesting period of several years, during which the participants
have to be continuously employed by Siemens AG or another
Siemens company. The right to receive matching shares is for-
feited if the purchased shares are sold, transferred, hedged on,
pledged or hypothecated in any way during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, on a
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to exercise the
voting rights for 10,878,836 shares (as of September 30, 2015)
on behalf of members of the Siemens family. These shares
are part of the total number of shares held by the family’s
members. The powers of attorney are based on an agreement
between the vSV and, among others, members of the Siemens
family. The shares are voted together by vSV, taking into account
the proposals of a family partnership established by the family’s
members or of one of this partnership's governing bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions

of the Articles of Association applicable
to the appointment and removal

of members of the Managing Board and
governing amendment to the Articles

of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing
Board is subject to the provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Section 31 of the German
Codetermination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to
Section 8 para. 1 of the Articles of Association, the Managing
Board is comprised of several members, the number of which
is determined by the Supervisory Board.

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corporation
Act, any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a
resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The authority to adopt
purely formal amendments to the Articles of Association was
transferred to the Supervisory Board under Section 13 para. 2 of
the Articles of Association. In addition, by resolutions of the
Shareholders’ Meetings on January 25, 2011, January 28, 2014
and January 27, 2015, the Supervisory Board has been autho-
rized to amend Section 4 of the Articles of Association in accord-
ance with the utilization of the Authorized Capitals 2011 and
2014, Conditional Capitals 2014 and 2015, and after expiration
of the then-applicable authorization period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a simple ma-
jority vote, unless a greater majority is required by law. Pursu-
ant to Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act,
amendments to the Articles of Association require a majority of
at least three-quarters of the capital stock represented at the
time of the casting of the votes, unless another capital majority
is prescribed by the Articles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the ap-
proval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until Janu-
ary 24, 2016 by up to €90 million through the issuance of up to
30 million registered shares of no par value against contribu-
tions in cash (Authorized Capital 2011). Subscription rights of
existing shareholders are excluded. The new shares shall be
issued under the condition that they are offered exclusively to
employees of Siemens AG and its consolidated subsidiaries. To
the extent permitted by law, employee shares may also be is-
sued in such a manner that the contribution to be paid on such

Combined Management Report

53


--- Page 53 ---

54

shares is covered by that part of the annual net income which
the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board may allocate to
other retained earnings under Section 58 para. 2 of the German
Stock Corporation Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock
until January 27, 2019 by up to €528.6 million through the
issuance of up to 176.2 million registered shares of no par value
against cash contributions and/or contributions in kind
(Authorized Capital 2014).

As of September 30, 2015, the total unissued authorized capital
of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €618.6 million nominal
that may be issued, with varying terms by issuance, in install-
ments of up to 206.2 million registered shares of no par value.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings of January 28,
2014 and January 27, 2015, the Managing Board is authorized to
issue bonds with conversion rights or with warrants attached,
or a combination of these instruments, each entitling the
holders to subscribe to up to 80 million registered shares of
Siemens AG of no par value. Based on these two authorizations
the Company or consolidated subsidiaries of the Company
may issue bonds until January 27, 2019 and January 26, 2020,
respectively, each in an aggregate principal amount of up to
€15 billion. In order to grant shares of stock to holders/creditors
of such convertible bonds or warrant bonds, the capital stock
was conditionally increased by resolutions of the Shareholders’
Meetings 2014 and 2015, each by up to 80 million registered
shares of no par value (Conditional Capitals 2014 and 2015), i.e.
in total by up to €480 million through the issuance of up to
160 million shares of no par value.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2014 and the bonds
under these authorizations are to be issued against cash or
non-cash contributions. They are, as a matter of principle, to be
offered to shareholders for subscription. The Managing Board is
authorized to exclude, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, subscription rights of shareholders in the event of capi-
tal increases against contributions in kind. In the event of cap-
ital increases against contributions in cash, the Managing
Board is authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription
rights with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the follow-
ing cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not significantly
lower than the stock market price of the Siemens shares
already listed or the theoretical market price of the bonds
computed in accordance with generally accepted actuarial
methods (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10% of
the capital stock, in accordance with or by mutatis mutandis

Combined Management Report

application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts
resulting from the subscription ratio.

> The exclusion is necessary in order to grant holders of con-
version or option rights or conversion or option obligations
on Siemens shares a compensation for the effects of dilution.

The total amount of new shares issued or to be issued under
Authorized Capital 2014 or in accordance with the bonds men-
tioned above, in exchange for contributions in cash and in kind
and with shareholders’ subscription rights excluded, may in
certain cases be subject to further restrictions, such as the
restriction that they may not exceed 20% of the capital stock.
The details of those restrictions are described in the relevant
authorization.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units
with a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major
part of the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in
September 2015; for this purpose, Siemens issued new bonds
with warrants. At exchange, the new warrants resulted in op-
tion rights entitling their holders to receive approximately
20.3 million Siemens shares. The terms and conditions of the
warrants enable Siemens to service exercised option rights
using either conditional capital or treasury stock, and also
enable Siemens to buy back the warrants.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless so
authorized by a resolution duly adopted by the shareholders at
a general meeting or in other very limited circumstances set
forth in the German Stock Corporation Act. On January 27,
2015, the Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Company to
acquire until January 26, 2020 up to 10% of its capital stock ex-
isting at the date of adopting the resolution or — if this value is
lower — as of the date on which the authorization is exercised.
The aggregate of shares of stock of Siemens AG repurchased
under this authorization and any other Siemens shares previ-
ously acquired and still held in treasury by the Company or at-
tributable to the Company pursuant to Sections 71d and 71e of
the German Stock Corporation Act may at no time exceed 10%
of the then existing capital stock. Any repurchase of Siemens
shares shall be accomplished at the discretion of the Managing
Board either (1) by acquisition over the stock exchange or
(2) through a public share repurchase offer. The Managing
Board is additionally authorized to complete, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, the repurchase of Siemens shares in
accordance with the authorization described above by using
certain derivatives (put and call options, forward purchases
and any combination of these derivatives). In exercising this
authorization, all stock repurchases based on the derivatives
are limited to a maximum volume of 5% of Siemens’ capital


--- Page 54 ---

stock existing at the date of adopting the resolution at the
Shareholders’ Meeting. A derivative’s term of maturity may not,
in any case, exceed 18 months and must be chosen in such a
way that the repurchase of Siemens shares upon exercise of
the derivative will take place no later than January 26, 2020.

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange or through
a public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board
is authorized by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting on
January 27, 2015 to also use Siemens shares repurchased on the
basis of this or any previously given authorization for every
permissible purpose, in particular as follows: Such Siemens
shares may be

> retired

> used in connection with share-based compensation pro-
grams and/or employee share programs of the Company or
any of its affiliated companies and issued to individuals cur-
rently or formerly employed by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies as well as to board members of any of
the Company’s affiliated companies

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to third parties against non-cash contributions

> sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third par-
ties against payment in cash if the price at which such
Siemens shares are sold is not significantly lower than the
market price of Siemens stock (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutan-
dis application of Section 186 para.3 sentence 4 German
Stock Corporation Act) or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection
with convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued by the Com-
pany or any of its consolidated subsidiaries (exclusion of
subscription rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by
mutatis mutandis application of Section 186 para.3 sen-
tence 4 German Stock Corporation Act).

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use shares
acquired on the basis of this or any previously given authoriza-
tion to meet obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares
that were or will be agreed with members of the Managing
Board within the framework of rules governing Managing
Board compensation.

In November 2013, the Company announced that it would carry
out a share buyback of up to €4 billion in volume within the
following up to 24 months. The buyback commenced on
May 12, 2014 using the authorizations given by the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting on January 25, 2011 and continued on
January 29, 2015 based on the authorizations resolved by the
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Under this

share buyback Siemens repurchased 40,751,593 shares by
September 30, 2015. The total consideration paid for these
shares amounted to about €3.782 billion (excluding incidental
transaction charges). The buyback may serve only to cancel
and reduce the capital stock, issue shares to employees, board
members of affiliated companies and members of the Manag-
ing Board of Siemens AG, or service convertible bonds and
warrant bonds. As of September 30, 2015, the Company held
72,376,759 shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, especially
with the restrictions to exclude subscription rights and the
terms to include shares when calculating such restrictions,
please refer to the relevant resolution and to Section 4 of the
Articles of Association.

A11.5 Significant agreements which
take effect, alter or terminate upon
a change of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit in an amount of
€4 billion and an amount of US$3 billion, respectively, which
provide its lenders with a right of termination in the event that
(1) Siemens AG becomes a subsidiary of another company or
(2) a person or a group of persons acting in concert acquires
effective control over Siemens AG by being able to exercise de-
cisive influence over its activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regula-
tion (EC) 139/2004).

In March 2013, a consolidated subsidiary as borrower and
Siemens AG as guarantor entered into two bilateral loan agree-
ments, each of which has been drawn in the full amount of
US$500 million. Both agreements provide their respective lend-
ers with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG
becomes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a
group of persons acting in concert acquires effective control
over Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence
over its activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Inter-
national Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documenta-
tion (ISDA Agreements) grant the counterparty a right of termi-
nation when Siemens AG consolidates with, merges into, or
transfers substantially all its assets to a third party. However,
this right of termination exists only, if (1) the resulting entity's
creditworthiness is materially weaker than Siemens AG's im-
mediately prior to such event or (2) the resulting entity fails to
simultaneously assume Siemens AG's obligations under the
ISDA Agreement. Additionally, some ISDA Agreements grant

Combined Management Report

55


--- Page 55 ---

56

the counterparty a right of termination if a third party acquires
beneficial ownership of equity securities that enable it to elect a
majority of Siemens AG's Supervisory Board or otherwise acquire
the power to control Siemens AG's material policy-making deci-
sions and if the creditworthiness of Siemens AG is materially
weaker than it was immediately prior to such an event. In ei-
ther situation, ISDA Agreements are designed such that upon
termination all outstanding payment claims documented un-
der them are to be netted.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units
with a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major
part of the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in
September 2015. In case of a change of control, the terms and
conditions of each warrant enable their holders to receive a
higher number of Siemens shares in accordance with an ad-
justed strike price if they exercise their option rights within a
certain period of time after the change of control. This period
of time shall end either (1) not less than 30 days and no more
than 60 days after publication of the notice of the issuer re-
garding the change of control, as determined by the issuer or
(2) 30 days after the change of control first becomes publicly
known. The strike price adjustment decreases depending on
the remaining term of the warrants and is determined in detail
in the terms and conditions of the warrants. In this context, a
change of control occurs if control of Siemens AG is acquired
by a person or by persons acting in concert.

A.11.6 Compensation agreements with
members of the Managing Board or
employees in the event of a takeover bid

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in the position of a Managing Board member (for exam-
ple, due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the
Managing Board member's duties and responsibilities), the
member of the Managing Board has the right to terminate his
or her contract with the Company for good cause. A change of
control exists if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in
concert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG
and exercise a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes
a dependent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercom-
pany agreement within the meaning of Section 291 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged
into an existing corporation or other entity. If this right of ter-
mination is exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled
to a severance payment in the amount of no more than two
years’ compensation. The calculation of the annual compensa-
tion includes not only the base compensation and the target
amount for the bonus, but also the target amount for the stock

Combined Management Report

awards, in each case based on the most recent completed fiscal
year prior to termination of the contract. The stock-based com-
pensation components for which a firm commitment already
exists will remain unaffected. Additionally, the severance pay-
ments cover non-monetary benefits by including an amount of
5% of the total severance amount. Severance payments will be
reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for discounted values
and for income earned elsewhere. However, this reduction will
apply only to the portion of the severance payment that was
calculated without taking account of the first six months of the
remaining term of the Managing Board member's contract.
There is no entitlement to a severance payment if the Manag-
ing Board member receives benefits from third parties in con-
nection with a change of control. A right to terminate the con-
tract does not exist if the change of control occurs within a
period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board member's
retirement.

A117 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal year
been notified of, any shareholder directly or indirectly holding
10% or more of the voting rights. There are no shares with spe-
cial rights conferring powers of control. Shares of stock issued
by Siemens AG to employees under its employee share pro-
gram and/or as share-based compensation are transferred di-
rectly to the employees. The beneficiary employees who hold
shares of employee stock may exercise their control rights in
the same way as any other shareholder directly in accordance
with applicable laws and the Articles of Association.
