

--- Page 1 ---

Our Company

Vision

With its world-class sensor solutions, ams leads the
way in forging continuous connections between
people and technology, and envisioning life where
the experience between them is seamless.

Strategy

People today are consistently exposed to and
surrounded by sensors in their personal mobile de-
vices, in wearables, in smart homes, offices, vehicles
and more. Sensor capabilities and functionality are
evolving rapidly, making our smartphones more
intuitive and intelligent, our vehicles safer, and our
living and work spaces smarter. Sensors also enable
breakthrough imaging and other capabilities for
industrial and medical applications. ams is leading
the way with sensor solutions that are relied upon
around the globe to recognize light, color, gestures,
images, sound, gases, and motion; increase precisi-
on, safety, and battery life; and measure miniscule
changes in position, environmental and medical
parameters. Sensors are at the heart of many
advanced consumer, communications, automotive,
industrial, and medical applications.

Our passion is in creating the sensor solutions that
make devices and technology smarter, safer, easier
to use and more environmentally friendly.

ams is shaping the world with high-performance
sensor solutions. We are a global leader in the
design and manufacture of advanced sensor so-
lutions, and these solutions enable our customers
to create differentiated products that are chan-
ging our lives. When applications require extreme
precision, dynamic range, sensitivity, and ultra-low
power consumption, we excel. We offer sensors in-
cluding optical sensors, sensor interfaces, wireless
and power management integrated circuits (ICs)
for the consumer, mobile communications, auto-
motive, industrial, and medical markets.


--- Page 2 ---

\ Reena

\ ereremiscinmomnnse

Ler enetn epee Me



--- Page 3 ---

Our Talent

The ams culture recognizes the company’s work-
force as its greatest asset and the key driver of
ams’ global success. We embrace a diverse range
of highly creative, innovative, and unconventional
thinkers, helping us attract and retain the best
and brightest talent in the industry. Across ams
the commitment and effort of every staff member
contributes to our achievements in a competitive
worldwide marketplace.

The creativity and ingenuity of our research and
development teams keep us at the leading edge of
semiconductor technology, design, and manufac-
turing. ams’ capacity for innovation and success
also stems from its global mindset: our staff of
more than 2,100 people worldwide represents
nearly 40 nationalities in more than 20 countries.


--- Page 4 ---



--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Responsibility

At ams, ethical, professional practices and environ-
mental responsibility are fundamental principles
that guide how we conduct business. Our company
code of conduct is a binding set of principles and
procedures for all ams staff safeguarding con-
sistent, responsible, and accountable corporate
activity across all business functions. We are a
member of the UN Global Compact, the world’s
largest corporate initiative for responsible business
and sustainability. With more than 10,000 partici-
pants in 130 countries, the UN Global Compact is
committed to human rights, just labor standards,
environmental protection, and anti-corruption
measures.

We remain firm in our commitment of protec-

ting the environment and the sustainability of
resources, and continue to focus on reducing our
carbon emissions footprint. ams promotes efficient
energy use throughout its global operations, where
innovative methods for reducing electricity and
gas consumption bring about both environmental
and cost benefits. We also publish information on
our emissions footprint within the framework of
the Carbon Disclosure Project, an international
initiative for corporate disclosure of environmen-
tal information. ams remains an industry pioneer
in environmental certification and is DIN EN ISO
14001 certified for its locations in Premstatten,
Austria, and Calamba, Philippines.


--- Page 6 ---



--- Page 7 ---

20

Our Business

ams focuses on providing advanced sensor solutions for high-value and emerging markets in:

Consumer & Communications
Automotive, Industrial, Medical

Consumer & Communications

As a global leader in high-performance sensor
and integrated circuit designs, ams is at the fore-
front of innovation and understands the evol-
ving demands of the consumer electronics and
communications markets — the need for creating
a seamless connection between people and tech-
nology, continuously improving the user expe-
rience, and making the interaction with devices
richer and more intuitive. ams solutions excel

in delivering extreme accuracy, dynamic range,
sensitivity, and ultra-low power consumption, all
of which extend the ability to seamlessly interact
with mobile and communications devices.

Our broad range of technologies for consumer
and communications device manufacturers
includes intelligent light sensors, gesture sensors,
audio solutions such as Active Noise Cancelling
(ANC), NFC solutions, environmental sensors,
power management functions, and more.

We remain the clear market leader in intelligent
light sensors, focused around consumer and
communications applications. Our gesture-reco-
gnition sensor modules ship in high volumes to
leading smartphone OEMs and offer another ex-
ample of how ams is simplifying the human-ma-
chine interface. The sensor module combines

gesture sensing with RGB color sensing, proximity
sensing, and universal remote control support in
a compact form factor. The ams family of gesture
sensors uses our leading photodiode technology
to enable an intuitive and touchless interface for
many devices.

ams’ other lines of ambient light sensors, inclu-
ding RGB color and proximity sensors, are the
backbone of its consumer business and support

a broad range of applications requiring sophisti-
cated display management. Ambient light and
proximity sensors, which today are in use in hund-
reds of millions of smartphones, tablets, laptop
computers and other communications devices,
deliver a better overall user experience along with
extended battery life.

ams recognizes significant opportunities in new
and existing markets for advanced uses of its light
sensor technology, including spectral sensing.
Spectral sensing enables innovative spectral
analysis of light for applications such as true color
sensing biosensors for critical health data, smart
industrial and home lighting, and the Internet

of Things (loT). ams launched a first-generation
biosensor last year and expects to advance functi-
onality in upcoming product generations.


--- Page 8 ---

Near-field communication (NFC) remains an
important technology in ams’ wireless activi-
ties, which also encompass a strong position in
RFID reader solutions. ams offers boostedNFC™
solutions including a combined analog front-end
with antenna auto-tuning to ensure reliable NFC
mobile transactions for small form factors. Last
year ams was successful in shipping high volumes
of boostedNFC™ products into smartphones and
wearable accessories and concluded a licensing
agreement for its technology.

Internet-connected environmental sensors repli-
cate and enhance human responses by monito-
ring air quality, humidity, and temperature in loT
devices. Our sensors measure ambient concent-
rations of gases associated with bad air quality,
such as alcohols, organic acids, and aromatic
hydrocarbons. ams’ integrated environmental
sensor delivers accurate and robust information
for data-driven decisions.

Automotive, Industrial, Medical

In the industrial space, ams offers a broad range
of advanced sensor solutions and application-spe-
cific ICs for applications including industrial au-
tomation, position sensing, building automation,
and security. ams’ industrial sensors and sensor in-
terfaces help drive innovation to support Industry
4.0 and the Internet of Awareness™. ams launched
the first generation of integrated sensor-driven
lighting managers into the emerging market for
true smart industrial LED lighting last year. The
scope of upcoming applications for smart lighting
ranges from harvesting daylight for energy-effi-

Refining the audio quality in mobile commu-
nications is another strength for ams, and we
address market needs with our advanced active
noise-cancellation solutions (ANC) and MEMS
microphone interfaces. Today, ams is the clear
market leader for MEMS microphone interfaces
supporting high-quality applications in a dynamic
market environment. ANC technology from ams
offers excellent sound quality for mobile com-
munications and multimedia applications by
enabling crystal clear sound, regardless of the
noise levels from the surrounding environment.
ams’ ANC technology and low-noise MEMS micro-
phone ICs are widely found across mobile devices
such as smartphones, earphones, headsets,
notebook computers, and tablet PCs. In 2015, we
saw increasing market traction for ANC in smart-
phone in-box-bundled earphones, and expect this
product area to offer substantial growth potential
going forward.

cient illumination of indoor spaces to seamlessly
adapting workspace light environments to human
circadian rhythms. Harnessing the concept of the
Internet of Awareness™ and the vast possibilities
for connected sensors, these solutions provide

for an innovative sensor hub platform enabling
additional sensing functions such as presence,
temperature, humidity, and air quality.

ams broadened its sensor technology portfolio
substantially last year with the acquisitions of
the CMOS environmental sensor business from

21


--- Page 9 ---

22

NXP Semiconductor and CMOSIS. The CMOS
environmental sensor business added integrated
temperature, pressure, and relative humidity
sensors. Expanding ams’ gas sensor capabilities,
this full range of environmental sensor technolo-
gies enables new applications in industrial, home
automation, automotive, and consumer markets,
offering attractive growth opportunities in the
coming years.

The acquisition of CMOSIS brought a high-value
industrial and medical image sensor business

to the ams portfolio. CMOSIS is active in areas
including machine vision, traffic monitoring, and
high-speed inspection based on high-end area-
and line-scan CMOS image sensors, and offers
strong IP creating new application opportunities.
The acquisition also yielded the NanEye image
sensor line comprising an ultra-small form factor
camera module configuration under 1x1 mm in
size. NanEye sensors are a strategic technolo-

gy initially targeted at state-of-the-art medical
endoscopy with possibilities for innovative future
applications in other end markets.

In medical electronics, ongoing demand for more
advanced and cost-efficient diagnostics equip-
ment ensures the need for new sensor solutions.
In the core area of medical imaging — which
includes computer tomography, digital X-ray, and
mammography - our high-resolution imaging
solutions lead the market, creating significant

diagnostic and patient benefits for higher-quality
healthcare. ams is building on this strong position
and its partnerships with leading medical systems
OEMs that pave the way for new projects and
customers. Sensor technologies from ams can
improve medical patients’ quality of life and en-
able easier and more convenient personal health
management.

ams’ high performance sensor solutions for the
automotive market make driving safer, smarter
and more environmentally friendly. Intelligent
magnetic, capacitive, and inductive sensors from
ams feature industry-leading robustness for
highest reliability. Our sensors are ideally suited
for automotive applications including pedal and
throttle position, transmission, steering wheel
angle and torque, brushless motor control appli-
cations, and level and chassis control.

Sensors also play a pivotal role in the realization
of safety systems supporting the move toward au-
tonomous driving. ams continues to be successful
in the area of LIDAR light-based solutions for
advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). ams
powers safety systems for collision avoidance and
automatic braking and, in addition, enables effi-
cient energy management solutions for vehicles.
With the strength of its sensor expertise, ams is
well positioned to benefit from rising semicon-
ductor and sensor content and new applications
in vehicles over the coming years.


--- Page 10 ---

Technology and Manufacturing

As a high performance sensor solutions and
analog semiconductor company, ams operates its
own in-house wafer manufacturing and test faci-
lities. This capability allows ams to push the limits
of analog performance in lowest noise, highest
sensitivity, and maximum accuracy while assuring
customers a dedicated high volume supply and
highest quality standards.

ams pursues a flexible manufacturing concept
combining internal and external wafer capacity,
and enjoys strong relationships with major semi-
conductor manufacturing partners. We exploit
state-of-the-art technologies for leading-edge
monolithic sensor integration using a proprietary
through-silicon via (TSV) process and specialty
processes for high voltage, optoelectronics, and
RF applications.

ams made additional significant investments

at its headquarters last year and completed

the two-stage project to expand capacity of its
200mm wafer fabrication facility. ams’ wafer pro-
duction is certified for automotive and medical
IC manufacturing while ams’ specialty analog
foundry business offers customers a full-service
approach that includes packaging and testing
options.

Safeguarding its long-term manufacturing
strategy, ams concluded an agreement with the
State of New York (USA) last year for a new wafer

fab facility at the Nano Utica site in Marcy, NY.
ams will lease the fully operational wafer fab,
which will be constructed to ams specifications,
for a period of 20 years for a nominal amount and
will incur operating expenses only on the wafers
produced. ams expects meaningful cost benefits
from this structure which provides for increasing
wafer needs in the future.

Capable of 130nm production and more advan-
ced future manufacturing nodes, the new wafer
fab will be located in the largest technology
region in the U.S. which is home to other semicon-
ductor companies and semiconductor-focused
academic institutions. In its first buildout stage,
the new facility will offer capacity of at least
150,000 200mm-wafer equivalents per year with
a view to future expansion up to a total buildout
potential of more than 450,000 200mm-wafer
equivalents per year. Construction of the wafer
fab has recently started and ams expects volume
production of the new facility to ramp in the first
half of 2018.

This important project, together with the expan-
ded highly efficient 200mm wafer fab in Austria,
demonstrates ams’ readiness to support future
growth.

23


--- Page 11 ---

24

Our Global Network

Europe Asia
Austria China
ams headquarters Beijing so
Premstaetten dc/tc/so Hongkong so
Shanghai so
Germany Shenzhen so
Nuremberg dc/so Suzhou so
Reutlingen dc/so
Stutensee dc/so India
Hyderabad dc
Belgium
Antwerp dc/so Japan
Tokyo dc/so
Finland
Helsinki so Korea
Oulu de Seoul so
France Philippines
Vincennes so Calamba tc
Italy Singapore so
Corsico so
Pavia dc Taiwan
Pisa dc Taipei so
Netherlands

Eindhoven dc

Portugal
Funchal de

Slovenia
Ljubljana de

Spain
Valencia dc

Sweden
Sollentuna so

Switzerland
Rapperswil dc/so

dc design center
United Kingdom tc test center
Stockport so so sales office

North America

USA

Austin, TX dc
Cupertino, CA so
Plano, TX dc/so



--- Page 12 ---

