

--- Page 1 ---

OPERATIONS

We are the number one special-

ist in health care solutions.
patients with chronic kidney
failure. With innovative prod-
ucts and therapies, we set the
highest possible standards in
dialysis treatment.

COMPANY PROFILE

THE WORLD'S LEADING
INTEGRATED DIALYSIS COMPANY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider
of products and services for people with chronic kidney
failure, around 2.8m of whom worldwide regularly
undergo dialysis treatment. Dialysis is a life-saving
blood cleansing procedure that substitutes the func-
tion of the kidney in the event of kidney failure.
Formed in 1996 following the merger of the di-
alysis business of the Fresenius AG and the u.s. dialy-
sis service provider National Medical Care, Fresenius
Medical Care is a vertically integrated company that

-—— RANGE OF SERVICES

provides products and services across the entire dialy-
sis value chain. As the leading provider of dialysis
products such as dialysis machines, dialyzers and as-
sociated disposable accessories, we are present in
more than 120 countries around the world. At the
same time, we care for over 294,000 dialysis patients
in all 3,418 dialysis clinics in more than 45 countries.
We are continuously developing this network of
clinics, which is the largest and most international in
the world, to accommodate the ever growing number
of dialysis patients.

Demographic factors contribute to the further
growth of dialysis markets. They include aging pop-
ulations and a growing number of people with dia-
betes and high blood pressure — diseases that often
lead to chronic kidney failure. In addition, the life
expectancy of dialysis patients is increasing as a result
of continuous improvements to the quality of treat-
ment and ever higher standards of living, also in de-
veloping countries.

In addition to dialysis treatment itself, we pro-
vide medical services, which are grouped under the
heading “Care Coordination”. In our reporting, we
combine revenues from our dialysis services business
and from Care Coordination under health care — see chart
21. Nevertheless, the main part of our revenue is still
generated by dialysis products and dialysis services.

Fresenius Medical Care has more than 104,000
employees in over 50 countries, and generated reve-
nue of $16.74BN in 2015.

Health care
I

4

Y

Dialysis products

|

Dialysis services
Therapies for patients with chronic
kidney failure, dialysis-related
laboratory services, acute dialysis
services

69% of revenue

Care Coordination

(North America)

Vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular specialty services,
non-dialysis laboratory testing
services, coordinated delivery of
pharmacy services, physician
practice services, hospitalist and
intensivist services, health plan
services, urgent care services

Key product groups
Dialysis machines, dialyzers, dialysis
solutions, hemodialysis concen-
trates, bloodline systems, water
treatment systems, dialysis drugs,
other medical products

11% of revenue

20% of revenue

31

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 2 ---

32

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

LEGAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL
GROUP STRUCTURE

Fresenius Medical Care has the legal form of a part-
nership limited by shares (KGaA). The corporate
structure of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA as
well as the Company’s management and supervisory
structure are set out in the “Corporate Governance
Report” starting on page 108. The members of the Manage-
ment Board are presented on page 20; information on
the positions of the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board can be found starting on page 136.

Fresenius Medical Care has a decentralized or-
ganizational structure and is divided into the North
America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), Latin
America and Asia-Pacific regions, which also consti-
tute our segments — see chart 2.2.

Fresenius Medical Care’s headquarters are in
Bad Homburg, Germany. The headquarters of North
America, our most important region in terms of reve-
nue, are in Waltham, Massachusetts (U.S.). A list of
our major holdings can be found starting on page 210.

REPORTING ON THE BASIS
OF U.S. GAAP

Fresenius Medical Care is listed on the Frankfurt and
New York Stock Exchanges and reports on the basis
of u.s.GAAP (United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles) with the u.s. dollar as the re-
porting currency. The Company is therefore obliged
to submit a Form 20-F annual report to the u.s. Secu-
rities and Exchange Comission (Sec), on which this
publication is partly based. Furthermore, the Compa-
ny prepares reports in accordance with the Inter-
national Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and
German Comercial Code (HGB). These publications
are also available on the Internet at www.fresenius
medicalcare.com.

-—— ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

OUR RANGE OF SERVICES

Healthy kidneys rid the blood of waste products, reg-
ulate water levels, and produce important hormones.
If the kidneys are irreparably damaged and are there-
fore no longer able to function properly for a longer
period of time, this is known as chronic kidney failure.
Many diseases can lead to chronic kidney failure, par-
ticularly diabetes, chronic nephritis, and high blood
pressure.

There are currently two treatment options for
chronic kidney failure: kidney transplant and dialysis.
We distinguish between two dialysis methods: hemo-
dialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD). Fresenius
Medical Care offers products, therapies and services
for both dialysis methods.

Our dialysis products

We use our dialysis products in our own dialysis clin-
ics and also sell them to third parties. In 2015, revenue
from our dialysis products business accounted for
20% of our total revenue.

Hemodialysis
Hemodialysis (HD) is by far the most common type
of therapy for chronic kidney failure. Overall, 88% of
dialysis patients receive this treatment. In this pro-
cess, the patient's blood is filtered outside the body in
what is called a dialyzer. This removes toxins and ex-
cess water from the blood, while retaining blood cells
and important proteins. Blood circulation is monitored
and controlled during treatment by a dialysis machine.

Fresenius Medical Care provides a wide range
of products for HD for use in both our own and
third-party clinics. These include machines and mod-
ular machine components, dialyzers, bloodline sys-
tems, HD solutions and concentrates, water treatment
systems, as well as data processing and analysis sys-
tems. Fresenius Medical Care is the clear leader in the

North America segment

Latin America segment

DH rresenus
MEDICAL cARE

<+———}_ Creating a future worth living.
For patients. Worldwide. Every day. } ———>| Asia-Pacific segment

|» [Europe, Middle East,
Africa (EMEA) segment

t

Dialysis products
E.g. dialysis machines, dialyzers
and bloodline systems

Health care services
» Dialysis services
» Care Coordination



--- Page 3 ---

market for dialysis machines and dialyzers. We sold
more than 46,000 dialysis machines worldwide in 2015
(2014: 43,000). This means that more than one in two
systems bought are produced by Fresenius Medical
Care. In addition, we sold around 120M dialyzers in
2015 (2014: 115M). The Company therefore accounts
for almost half of global sales of these products. For
further information, see the “Sector-specific Environ-
ment” section starting on page 62.

Home hemodialysis (home HD) is an alternative
to treatment in a dialysis clinic. This form of dialysis
therapy is performed by patients at home, usually
with the assistance of a partner or trained personnel.
The market for home Hp is still small: At the end of
2015, only around 0.6% of all dialysis patients received
this treatment. Fresenius Medical Care provided care
for around 4,100 home HD patients in the year under
review; around 24% of all home HD patients therefore
use our dialysis products.

Peritoneal dialysis
In peritoneal dialysis (PD), the peritoneum is used as
a natural filter. It has similar properties to dialyzer
membranes: It allows certain substances to permeate
its pores, while retaining others. PD is carried out by
patients themselves while at home or away, for ex-
ample at work. We offer systems and solutions for
continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) and
automated peritoneal dialysis (APD). In the case of
caPD, dialysis solution is fed manually from a bag
through a catheter into the patient’s abdominal cav-
ity, where it is flushed through the peritoneum. This
process is carried out three to five times a day. After
four to five hours, the patient drains the dialysis solu-
tion — now mixed with metabolic products — into an

12%
Peritoneal dialysis

-—— DIALYSIS PATIENTS ACCORDING TO TREATMENT OPTION C.2.3

empty bag and replaces it with fresh solution. This
ensures that the blood is continuously and gently
cleansed. APD is mostly carried out at night. A spe-
cial device called a cycler takes over the exchange of
dialysis fluid. In the evening, the patient connects up
with the cycler, which then automatically replaces
the dialysate several times during the night after just
a short time in the abdominal cavity. The cycler en-
sures that the dialysis solution mixed with metabolic
products is fed in and drained out. As a result, the
blood is continuously cleansed at night and virtually
no treatment is required during the day.

In the year under review, around 12% of all di-
alysis patients worldwide underwent PD treatment.
We provided products to approximately 53,000 PD pa-
tients by the end of the year, meaning that around
16% of all PD patients use our dialysis products.

Acute dialysis
Generally, dialysis patients suffer from chronic kidney
failure — a disorder which, in most cases, develops
gradually over many years. But in acute medical emer-
gencies, patients may also be in need of dialysis
because of rapid kidney failure, for instance after a
serious accident. Continuous renal replacement ther-
apy is used in intensive-care units to treat acute kid-
ney failure in critically ill patients. Fresenius Medical
Care also provides products and services for this.

In 2015, Fresenius Medical Care launched the
therapy system multiFiltratePRO. It builds on the Com-
pany’s extensive experience with its successful anti-
coagulant Ci-Ca® that allows patients to undergo
particularly lengthy treatment without the need for
heparin. For further information, see the “Research
and Development” chapter starting on page 55.

88%
Hemodialysis

Source: Company data and estimates

33

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 4 ---

34

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Further blood cleansing procedures
Extracorporeal blood cleansing is used not only to
treat chronic kidney failure, but also to support the
liver function on a temporary basis (liver support ther-
apy). Excess blood fats or pathogenic antibodies can
also be removed in this way (therapeutic apheresis).
It is mainly used in patients who can no longer be
treated successfully with medication. In 2015, Fresenius
Medical Care launched the absorber IgEnio, which is
used to treat severe asthma, for example. For further
information, see the “Research and Development”
chapter starting on page 55.

Dialysis drugs
As well as their key function of excreting the end
products of metabolism, our kidneys produce hor-
mones such as vitamin D for healthy bone metabolism
and erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs), such as
Epo, which stimulate the formation of red blood cells.
In addition, the kidney regulates the body's mineral
balance. Although dialysis can perform some func-
tions in patients with kidney failure to a large extent,
patients must also take drugs to replace missing hor-
mones and maintain the body’s mineral balance.
These usually include agents to stimulate red blood
cell production, iron compounds, phosphate binders,
vitamin D preparations and calcimimetics — see the
Glossary starting on page 214.

We obtain vitamin D from specialist suppliers.
The vast majority of our ESAs, phosphate binders, po-
tassium binders and iron compounds are also sourced
from Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma, a
joint venture with the Swiss company Galenica. Fur-
ther information can be found in the “Events Signifi-
cant for Business Development” section starting on page 68.

Our dialysis services

In our 3,418 dialysis clinics worldwide, we provide
294,381 patients with life-saving dialysis treatment
and other associated services such as laboratory tests.
Dialysis treatment at our clinics is usually performed
three times a week for several hours by trained med-
ical staff. We are also available as a point of contact
at our dialysis clinics to provide medical support and
training for home dialysis patients.

Patient care

Our aim in providing care for our patients is to give

them the best possible quality of treatment. Our ther-

apy concept for dialysis treatment is therefore based
on the following principles:

» We use our own high-quality products, pharma-
ceuticals and procedures in our clinics and in car-
ing for home dialysis patients; these are continu-
ally being refined by our research and development
team.

» We provide our patients with comprehensive treat-
ment and medical advice from specialized clinical
personnel and physicians.

» We place great value on the dialysis clinics them-
selves, as they create a pleasant atmosphere for
patients and employees while enabling safe, effi-
cient dialysis treatment.

>» We have continuous improvement systems in place
to further enhance our high-quality dialysis treat-
ment while ensuring that the resources used are
handled efficiently.

» We gear our work to internal and external quality
standards, for example in relation to patient care,
hygiene in clinical practice, the architecture of our
facilities and the purity of water used in treatment.

Quality management in our dialysis clinics
We have installed special quality management sys-
tems at our dialysis clinics and regularly inspect their
application ourselves as well as having this checked
by third parties. In Europe, for example, this is per-
formed by the technical inspection association TUv.
Its experts inspect our clinics in standardized annual
audits to control conformance to the Iso 9001 standard
for quality management and the Iso 14001 standard for
environmental management. In the u.s., our clinics
are monitored by the Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services (cms), a public health care authority.

We measure and assess the treatment quality
at our dialysis clinics on the basis of generally recog-
nized quality standards such as industry-specific clin-
ical benchmarks, as well as our own quality targets.
In 2015, we again provided our patients all over the
world with top-quality treatment, as shown by the
current medical quality parameters in table 2.4. De-
tailed information on the parameters can be found in
the Glossary starting on page 214.


--- Page 5 ---

We carry out regular patient surveys to find out
where we can make further improvements and in
which areas we should expand our services. In the
u.S., the state-run public health care authority cms
specifies the content of patient satisfaction surveys.
We use the results to inform and train both our pa-
tients and our clinic staff in a more targeted way with
the aim of improving our patients’ quality of life in
the long-term.

Medical services — Care Coordination

Since 2014, our non-dialysis services have been bun-
dled in the Care Coordination division. Care Coordina-
tion currently includes vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular surgery services, non-dialysis laboratory
testing services and physician practice services, as well

-—— QUALITY DATA

as coordination of hospitalist and intensivist services,
health plan services, coordinated delivery of pharma-
cy services and urgent care services.

Care Coordination enables us to expand and
increase the growth of our business beyond dialysis,
for example in markets where the privatized dialysis
market is relatively well developed and we already
have high market share. Even though our Care Coor-
dination strategy is globally oriented, our non-dialysis
services are currently mainly available in our biggest
market, the u.s., where the health care system is un-
dergoing major change and moving away from reim-
bursement of individual services towards holistic and
coordinated care. With our activities in the Care Co-
ordination division and our experience in dialysis, we
can help to shape the evolution of the health care
system and use this as a basis for additional growth.

Relating to the fourth quarter of the respective year, in %

Effectiveness Possibly more

7.2.4
Europe/
Possible impact Middle East/
Description if too low US. Africa Latin America Asia-Pacific!

2015 2014 «2015 «201420152014 2015-2014

of dialysis days spent
measures how in hospital;
well the patient increased
KU/V > 1,2 was detoxified mortality 98 96 96 96 92 90 97 97
Hemoglobin is
responsible for
Hemoglobin = 10-12 g/dl transporting
Hemoglobin = 10-13g/dl oxygen around Indicativeof 72 74 77 76 52 50 60 60
(int. reg.) the body anemia 78 «= 80, 7777s «6s iH
Measures the
patient's
Calcium 8.4-10.2mg/dl__nutritional status Markerfor 84 «85 77 76 75 76 75 76
Albumin > 3.5 g/dl? and mineral increased 81 83 922«C92s sss 8
Phosphate < 5.5 mg/dl balance mortality 64 64 79 79 75 75 72 70

Measures the
number of
patients with
vascular access

Possibly more
days spent in
hospital?

Patients without catheter
(after 90 days)

84 83 82 83 83 82 91 92

Result of Restriction to
Days in hospital complications patients’
per patient during dialysis quality of life

10.0 10.33 9.5 9.4 3.5 3.2 4.2 4.3

International standard BCR CRM470.

Includes data from the dialysis service provider Jiate in Taiwan and the Philippines.

3 U.S. hospitalization data source was revised in 2015, therefore the numbers for 2014 restated.

Figures based on
= KDOQI guidelines (Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative) in the U.S.,
— EBPG standard (European Best Practice Guidelines) in Europe,

- KDIGO guidelines (Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes), a recent but increasingly important global initiative.

35

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 6 ---

36

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

At the same time, patients and health care systems
can benefit from coordinated care and lower costs
respectively. Further information can be found in the
“Sector-specific Environment” section starting on page 62
and the “Events Significant for Business Development”
section starting on page 68.

In 2015, Care Coordination in North America ac-
counted for around 11% of our total revenue. We plan
to further expand this area in the future. Further infor-
mation can be found in the “Objectives and Strategy
for Sustainable Value Enhancement” section starting on
page 39.

COMPETITIVE POSITION
The largest provider of dialysis services

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provid-
er of dialysis services with a market share of about
10% based on the number of treated patients. Not
only do we care for the largest number of dialysis
patients, we also operate more dialysis clinics than
any other company: In 2015, we ran 3,418 (2014: 3,361)
clinics worldwide. We treated most of our patients
(62%) in North America, 19% in Europe, 10% in Latin
America and 9% in the Asia-Pacific region.

Market leader in dialysis products

Our dialysis products accounted for around 34% of
the global market in 2015 (2014: 34%), which means
that we are still the market leader in this area as well.
The market share of our key products — dialyzers and
dialysis machines — was even higher at around 45%
(2014: 44%) and 50% (2014: around 50%) respectively.

Detailed information on the major markets and
the position of Fresenius Medical Care can be found
in the “Sector-specific Environment” section starting on
page 62.

Expanding Care Coordination

We currently offer services in the area of Care Coor-
dination almost exclusively in our largest market, the
U.S. Our goal is to expand this business area in the
future.

One of our providers in Care Coordination is
Sound Inpatient Physicians, Inc. (Sound Physicians), a
health care service provider that we acquired in 2014.
Sound Physicians coordinates a network of more than
2,000 specialized hospitalists as well as intensivists
and specialists in care transition at nearly 300 hospi-
tals and post-acute facilities in u.s.

QUALITY REQUIREMENTS AND
REIMBURSEMENT SYSTEMS

Reimbursement systems for dialysis treatment vary
from country to country and often even within coun-
tries. Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis services
in more than 45 countries with different economic
conditions. Thanks to this international experience,
we are able to support the efforts of national health
care systems to create suitable reimbursement struc-
tures, adapt our business to local conditions and op-
erate on a profitable basis. Further information can be
found in the “Sector-specific Environment” section
starting on page 62.

As a life-saving treatment, dialysis is subject to
the highest safety and quality requirements. This ap-
plies to the production of our dialysis products as well
as dialysis treatment at our own clinics. These under-
lying requirements are stipulated in numerous nation-
al and international legal provisions, standards and
norms, which form the basis for our corporate activ-
ities. In addition to the legally prescribed standards,
we have developed in-house guidelines that go be-
yond the statutory provisions in many areas. For more
information, see the “Our Range of Services” section
starting on page 32 and the “Procurement and Production”
section starting on page 37.


--- Page 7 ---

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

The Global Manufacturing and Quality (GmqQ) division
centrally manages all of Fresenius Medical Care’s ac-
tivities worldwide in the procurement of raw materials
and semi-finished goods, production including quality
management, and distribution in North America —
see chart 2.5. This centralized approach enables us to
» continuously enhance the efficiency of

our processes,

optimize cost structures,

improve returns on our capital invested in

manufacturing,

respond more flexibly,

fulfill our commitment to meeting high quality

and safety standards.

At the end of 2015, Gmq had 15,350 employees (2014:
14,767) at 37 production sites in more than 20 countries.

Strategic purchasing: Global responsibility

Strategic purchasing at Fresenius Medical Care is
geared towards ensuring the availability, safety and
quality of the materials used in production. The goal
is to further expand our competitive and internation-
ally balanced supplier network.

At around $1.48N, the purchasing volume of
materials and bought-in services in the GmaQ division
in 2015 was roughly on a par with the previous
year’s figures. Although greater demand for dialysis
products boosted production volumes and conse-
quently purchasing volumes as well, this was not re-
flected in a higher turnover adjusted for currency
fluctuations.

By further standardizing our procurement pro-
cesses and making them more transparent, we are able
to continuously improve our efficiency in purchasing

-—— GLOBAL MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY (GMQ) €.2.5

while ensuring a constant supply of material and
maintaining our quality level. The focus here is on
enhancing processes across all regions within the pur-
chasing function as well as optimizing processes at
interfaces to other departments.

Our production sites: Task allocation
in a growing global network

Our production strategy is aimed at manufacturing
top-quality products in the right place at the right
time on the best possible terms. We are able to suc-
cessfully implement this strategy thanks to a network
of large production sites that allow us to make tech-
nically sophisticated products and sell them world-
wide as well as production sites that primarily supply
products regionally. The most important plants for
dialyzer production are in St. Wendel (Germany),
Ogden (u.s.), L'Arbresle (France), Changshu (China)
and Buzen (Japan). We manufacture dialysis ma-
chines in Schweinfurt (Germany) and Concord, Cali-
fornia (U.S.).

Chart 2.6 on page 38 presents an overview of our
main production sites.

Highest quality standards

At Fresenius Medical Care, we believe in supplying
products and therapies of the highest quality and as
reliably as possible to ensure the best medical care
for our patients and customers. To enable us to
fulfill this aspiration and the numerous regulatory
requirements, our processes in the business regions
are embedded in comprehensive quality manage-
ment systems. These ensure that all of our products
and procedures comply with quality and safety stan-
dards — from their development, market approval,
manufacture and use in clinics, right up to training

Product
development

Purchasing

Production

Distribution Regional
|_,| to distribution |, | distribution to
centers sales companies
and customers

a
Only part of GMQ in
North America

37

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 8 ---

38

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

-—— MAJOR LOCATIONS

America

WALTHAM, U.S.
Regional headquarters

ae U.S.

Crs 56 oa

Europe

BAD HOMBURG, GER
Company headquarters and regional

Oo HOMBURG, GER

X

Asia-Pacif

HONG KONG, CN
Regional headquarters

North America headquarters for Europe, Middle East, Asia-Pacific
Africa and Latin America

01 Ogden, U.S. 11 Schweinfurt, DE 18 Inukai, JP

Dialyzers Dialysis machines Fiber bundles

02 Concord, U.S. 12 St. Wendel, DE 19 Buzen, JP

Dialysis machines

Dialyzers, dialysis solutions

Dialyzers, dialysis solutions

03 Toledo, U.S.
Hemodialysis concentrates

13 L’Arbresle, FR
Dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates

04 Montreal, CA
Hemodialysis concentrates

14 Palazzo Pignano, IT
Bloodline systems

05 Irving, U.S.
Hemodialysis concentrates

15 Krems, AT
Adsorbers

06 Reynosa, MX
Bloodline systems

07 Guadalajara, MX
Dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates

08 Santafé de Bogota, CO
Dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates

09 Jaguariuna, BR

Dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates
10 Pilar, AR

Hemodialysis concentrates

16 Vrsac, SRB
Bloodline systems, dialyzers,
hemodialysis concentrates

20 Changshu, CN
Bloodline systems,
dialyzers, hemodialysis concentrates

21 Ipoh, MY
Water treatment systems

22 Enstek, MY
Hemodialysis concentrates

23 Smithsfield, AU
Hemodialysis concentrates

17 Antalya, TR
Bloodline systems

24 Scoresby, AU
Dialysis chairs, packs



--- Page 9 ---

customers and dealing with complaints. In addition,
our production sites are certified according to re-
gional quality standards, in some cases to several
at once.

Our quality management systems in production
combine internal regulations, processes and proce-
dures with the demands of generally recognized ex-
ternal standards and guidelines. Our plants apply
recognized quality management tools such as Lean
Six Sigma — see the Glossary starting on page 214 — for
optimizing production and testing processes as well
as general workflows.

STRATEGY, OBJECTIVES
AND CORPORATE
MANAGEMENT

VISION AND PRINCIPLES FOR OUR
CORPORATE MANAGEMENT

Sustainable and responsible corporate action is essen-
tial for Fresenius Medical Care to allow us to continue
investing successfully in our employees, our research
and development as well as production, and enhanc-
ing our divisions now and in the future. We are guid-
ed in this by our vision of creating a future worth
living for patients, worldwide, every day.

Our efforts to provide our patients around the
world with a better life through excellent products
and services are based on our commitment to the
core values of our Company: Quality, honesty and
integrity, innovation and progress, respect and digni-
ty. Our corporate culture and policy as well as our
entire business activities are guided by our values.
This also applies to our work and business relation-
ships with our patients, customers, business partners,
public authorities, investors and the general public,
as well as with our employees.

These fundamental values are firmly established
in our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. Our
Code of Conduct describes our Company's business
standards and emphasizes our commitment to oper-
ate in accordance with the applicable laws and regu-
lations and with our own company policies. Details

on corporate governance and compliance at Fresenius
Medical Care can be found in the “Corporate Gover-
nance Report” starting on page 108. Further information on
our understanding of corporate responsibility can be
found starting on page 44.

OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGY
FOR SUSTAINABLE
VALUE ENHANCEMENT

Our aim is to further consolidate our position as
the world’s leading provider of top-quality dialysis
treatments and products and to use it as a basis for
sustainable, profitable growth. Moreover, with Care

Coordination we want to expand our offering to

additional medical services. In doing so, we want to

continuously increase the enterprise value of

Fresenius Medical Care and create added value for

patients, health care systems, employees, and inves-

tors worldwide. Our financial stability enables us to

benefit from attractive corporate financing and a

degree of flexibility that we intend to uphold. Over

the next few years, we will continue to pursue our
aim of consolidating our leading position in a finan-
cially responsible manner.

Our strategy is based on an in-depth analysis of
the major trends affecting Fresenius Medical Care:

» Demographic change: As the average life expec-
tancy is rising, the share of older people in the
population is growing. However, kidney function
deteriorates with age. In combination with harm-
ful influences such as longstanding high blood
pressure or diabetes, low kidney function can lead
to chronic kidney failure. Demographic develop-
ment is therefore a key factor in the number of
dialysis patients, which is expected to rise from
around 2.8m worldwide in 2015 to 3.8M in 2020.

» Increase in lifestyle diseases: Diseases such as high
blood pressure and diabetes are becoming increas-
ingly common due to factors such as lack of exer-
cise, an unhealthy diet and obesity. They can cause
damage to the human body and also impair kidney
function in the long-term.

» Improved access to medical care: In many coun-
tries, thanks to growing levels of prosperity as
well as ongoing efforts to establish and expand
balanced and sustainable health care systems,

39

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 10 ---

40

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

a large number of patients now have access to
suitable dialysis treatments for the first time. We
expect this trend to continue, and the resultant
demand for high-quality products and treatments
to increase.

» Changes in the health care industry: The health care
industry is constantly changing, mainly because of
the developments mentioned above. We firmly
believe that demand for the holistic care of kidney
patients will continue to rise, and that the focus
will shift in future from offering individual dialysis
products or services to combining all fields of ap-
plication related to dialysis and coordinating them
more effectively.

Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate strategy in the
coming years will therefore pursue the following four
strategic objectives:
> growing continuously and expanding
our global presence,
» tapping into new business areas,
» enhancing products and treatments,
> expanding operational excellence and flexibility.

Based on these four strategic objectives, we have
devised specific measures that will form the main
thrust of our corporate activities in the future.

Growing continuously and
expanding our global presence

We are committed to actively shaping the develop-
ment of the industry while benefiting from the glob-
al growth of the market. We achieve this, for example,
by enabling more and more people to access life-sav-
ing dialysis treatment and developing innovative
products and therapies that improve our patients’
quality of life.

To strengthen our market position, we have de-
veloped various approaches ranging from organic
growth to continuously assessing suitable acquisi-
tions. Another requirement for lasting, profitable
growth is aligning our business activities to attractive
future markets. One opportunity for tapping into new
markets is through public-private partnerships in the
dialysis business. The public sector benefits from a
high-quality dialysis infrastructure, which enables it
to care for more patients more effectively and less
expensively.

Tapping into new business areas

Fresenius Medical Care considers its main focus to
be the holistic care of dialysis patients and dialysis-
related treatments. In addition to our products and
the dialysis treatment itself, we are increasingly offer-
ing additional services for patient care. These include
laboratory services as well as services relating to
vascular access, an essential aspect of treatment for
dialysis patients. We have combined these medical
services that go beyond dialysis treatment under
the heading “Care Coordination”, which we plan to
expand further in the future. This integrated health
care concept allows us to open up new business areas
and thus meet the growing demand for holistic care
for our patients. Furthermore, it enables us to inte-
grate the individual treatment steps with the aim of
further improving the quality of care for our patients
and easing the strain on health care systems.

Enhancing products and treatments

Developing innovative products and continuously
improving our dialysis treatments form an inherent
part of our strategy of sustainable growth. We have
a global network of research and development

;—— CORPORATE STRATEGY

Growing continuously and

Tapping into

expanding our global presence 1

+ new business areas

~

“” FRESENIUS
Y MEDICAL CARE

Creating a future
For patients. Worldwide. Every day.

worth living.

re

Enhancing products

re

Fostering operational

and treatments

excellence and flexibility



--- Page 11 ---

centers. This enables us to become familiar with lo-
cal requirements and respond to them quickly. At the
same time, chronic kidney failure is increasingly be-
coming a global problem, and demand for improved,
high-quality yet cost-efficient products is growing.
This gives rise to an increasing number of synergies
in the area of product development, which we in-
tend to leverage even more in future. For further
information, see the “Research and Development”
chapter starting on page 55.

The quality and safety of our products and ser-
vices are given top priority at Fresenius Medical Care.
We consider them to be synonymous with our pa-
tients’ quality of life. Right from the product and
treatment development stage, we put our patients
first. Trust in the quality of our products and services
makes us a reliable partner for patients, physicians,
and care staff alike. We will continue to focus on the
quality of our products and services in the future.

Expanding operational
excellence and flexibility

Further attention is paid to improving Fresenius
Medical Care’s profitability with lasting effect and
managing the Company even more efficiently. We will
continue to optimize and modernize our administra-
tive structures and processes in the future and make
greater use of synergies, for example in our “Global
Manufacturing and Quality” and “Global Research
and Development” business areas. In this way, we
aim to meet the growth in demand and create the
conditions to be able to respond more flexibly to
changes in the market.

At the same, we will use our regional structure
in the future to be a strong, reliable local partner and
to react quickly to specific customer needs or chang-
es in our markets or in the regulatory environment
and further improve access to new markets.

The Global Efficiency Program launched in 2013
should further improve the performance of the entire
organization and thus boost its competitiveness and
investment capacity in the years ahead. Consequent-
ly, we expect long-term efficiency gains over the next
few years, which should increase to $300 M before tax
by the beginning of 2017.

Growth strategy 2020

Based on this strategic focus, we set ourselves new
long-term targets in 2014 with our growth strategy
2020. The aim is to increase Fresenius Medical Care’s
revenue to $28BN by 2020. This corresponds to an
average annual growth rate of around 10%. At the
same time we expect high single-digit annual growth
in net income. In addition to our ongoing strong per-
formance in our existing core business with dialysis
products and treatment for dialysis patients, we also
want to achieve these ambitious goals with the ex-
pansion of additional medical services that go beyond
dialysis treatment. We will continue to expand these
services, which we have pooled under the heading
“Care Coordination”, in the future. Their share of total
revenue is expected to rise from 11% in 2015 to around
18% in 2020. This increase in revenue should stem
from both organic growth and acquisitions. An in-
vestment volume of up to $3BN has been budgeted
for this by 2020.

FINANCIAL STRATEGY

Besides optimizing our financial costs, ensuring finan-
cial flexibility takes top priority in Fresenius Medical
Care’s financing strategy. The Company remains fi-
nancially flexible by using a wide range of financing
instruments in different markets and currencies en-
suring a high level of diversification in terms of the
banks we work with. Our financing profile is charac-
terized by a wide spread of maturities up to 2024.

Our main financing instrument is the syndicated
credit agreement with revolving credit facilities and
loans in u.s. dollars and euros.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus
primarily on the debt/eBiTDaA ratio. Fresenius Medical
Care holds a strong market position in the growing
dialysis sector, which is considered to be non-cyclical
and is characterized by relatively stable cash flows.
For further information on our financial strategy, see
the “Financial Situation” section starting on page 77.

A

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 12 ---

42

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

The Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care
manages the Company on the basis of strategic and
operating requirements as well as various financial
indicators. The management ratios used in the indi-
vidual business segments are identical. The aim is to
ensure long-term corporate success. These indicators
are an essential component of forecast reporting.
In addition, we collect and examine a large number
of financial and non-financial performance indicators,
some of which we include in forecast reporting.

An overview of Fresenius Medical Care’s key per-
formance indicators can be found in table 2.8.

OTHER FINANCIAL AND
NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS

In addition to our key performance indicators, we

also use operating indicators based on the following

return calculations:

> ROIC (return on invested capital) expresses how
efficiently a company allocates the capital under
its control or how well it employs its capital with
regard to a specific investment project. Fresenius
Medical Care’s RoIc in 2015 remained stable at 6.9%.

> ROOA (return on operating assets) expresses how
efficiently a company manages its total employed
capital by calculating profit in relation to total cap-
ital. At 9.6% in 2015, Fresenius Medical Care’s ROOA
was comparable to the previous year (2014: 9.7%).

-—— KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 7.2.8

Definition 2015, 2014

Revenue Proceeds from provision of services and sale, letting or leasing $16,738M $15,832M

Operating income

(EBIT) Indicator for assessing earning power $2,327M $2,254M

Operating income Ratio of operating income to revenue; indicator for assessing

margin (EBIT margin) _ profitability 13.9% 14.2%

Growth in Earnings after taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling

net income interests; indicator for assessing earnings power -2% -6%

Growth in Net income divided by the weighted average number of shares

earnings per share _ outstanding during the year -2% -5%
Ratio relating to the capital employed in the Company in the form

Capital expenditures of replacement and expansion investments $936M $920M
Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents generated from business

Net cash provided by operations in relation to revenue; indicator of solvency and internal

operating activities financing potential (funds available for replacement and expansion

in % of revenue investments) relative to net revenue 11.7% 11.8%
Freely available cash flow after capital expenditures in relation

Free cash flow to revenue; indicator of the funds available for acquisitions,

in % of revenue dividends and loan repayments relative to net revenue 6.1% 5.9%
As a result of the increase of noncontrolling interest holders in our
operations, we believe a measure that is meaningful to investors
is operating income less noncontrolling interests (“Delivered EBIT");
delivered EBIT approximates the operating income attributable to

Delivered EBIT the shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, $2,043M $2,040M
Debt divided by EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization) adjusted for other non-cash expenditure and
largest acquisitions; indicator of how many years it takes to repay

Debt/EBITDA ratio _ debts from own funds 27 3.1



--- Page 13 ---

> ROE (return on equity) provides an insight into a
company’s earning power. To calculate this, corpo-
rate net income (net income attributable to share-
holders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA)
is placed in relation to employed shareholder cap-
ital (capital of shareholders of Fresenius Medical
Care AG& Co. KGaA). At 10.4% in 2015, ROE (after
tax) was slightly below the previous year’s level.

» When calculating our cost of capital, we use the
wacc (weighted average cost of capital) formula.
The wacc is derived using the weighted average of
costs incurred for equity and debt. Fresenius
Medical Care’s WACC in 2015 was 6.5%, after 6.4%
in the previous year. Comparing the Company's
wacc with its ROIC of 7.1% reveals that in 2015,
Fresenius Medical Care not only generated its cap-
ital costs, but also increased its shareholder value.

In addition, we measure our success on the basis of

clearly defined non-financial indicators, although

these do not form the core of Fresenius Medical

Care's corporate management. They include:

>» Number of dialysis patients: In 2015, Fresenius
Medical Care treated a total of 294,381 patients in
more than 45 countries (2014: 286,312 patients).

>» Number of dialysis clinics: The number of dialysis
clinics operated by Fresenius Medical Care was
3,418 in 2015 (2014: 3,361).

>» Number of dialysis treatments: We performed
44.6 M dialysis treatments in 2015 (2014: 42.7M).

>» Number of employees: The number of employees
has risen steadily in recent years. In 2015, 104,033
people worked at Fresenius Medical Care, com-
pared with 99,895 in the previous year. This is at-
tributable to acquisitions, particularly in the field
of dialysis services, as well as organic growth.

We manage our investments using a detailed coordi-
nation and evaluation process. The Management
Board sets the investment budget for the group as
well as the focus of investments. Before concrete in-
vestment projects or acquisitions are realized, our
internal Acquisition & Investment Committee (AIC) ex-
amines the individual projects and measures taking
into account the return on investment and potential
return. The investment projects are evaluated based
on commonly used procedures such as the net pres-
ent value and internal interest rate methods; payback
periods are also included in the assessment. In this
way, we try to ensure that we only make and imple-
ment investments and acquisitions that actually in-
crease shareholder value.

Further information on acquisitions can be
found in the “Financial Situation” section starting on
page 77.

Details on the development of these indicators
as well as other financial figures can also be found in
the “Results of Operations, Financial Situation, Assets
and Liabilities” chapter starting on page 71.

43

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 14 ---

44

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

CORPORATE
RESPONSIBILITY

Not only are a company’s activities affected by a
number of external factors; companies themselves
also influence their environment in many ways. Our
activities are always focused on our patients. As a
manufacturer and provider of dialysis products and
health care services, we are a business partner to
suppliers as well as to other companies and organi-
zations in the health care system. We are also an in-
ternational employer. At the same time, we gear our
corporate activities towards using resources in an
environmentally sound way. We act as a partner for
state health care systems, i.e. governments, and thus
making an important contribution to society. Corpo-
rate responsibility at Fresenius Medical Care therefore
goes beyond economic responsibility and is geared
towards sustainability and trust with regard to our
stakeholder groups and their many demands on
Fresenius Medical Care.

Consequently, we consider sustainable action to
be an integral part of our commercial success rather
than just one of many factors. Responsible manage-
ment and trust-based dialog with our stakeholders
are therefore firmly embedded in our Code of Conduct.

;-—— KEY PLAYERS IN THE STAKEHOLDER DIALOG

Partners

Employees, patients,
physicians, clinical staff,
suppliers, associations,
health care systems,

health insurers, labor unions

Capital market participants

Investors, banks, rating agencies

For Fresenius Medical Care, sustainability means
acting responsibly to achieve commercial success as
well as environmental and social progress and secure
the Company's future. In doing so, we distinguish
between the following four areas:
>» economic responsibility,
> responsibility for our employees,
> responsibility for the environment,
> social responsibility.

Fresenius Medical Care’s sustainability activities again
won plaudits in 2015: Our Company has featured in
the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index
every year since 2009 and in the Dow Jones Sustain-
ability World Index since 2013.

STAKEHOLDER DIALOG AND
SUSTAINABLE VALUE-ADDED

Our business activities are based on responsible man-
agement that is rooted in integrity, sound corporate
governance and adherence to compliance principles
and requires and encourages ethically impeccable
conduct from all employees and managers. Due to
Fresenius Medical Care’s global presence and region-
al diversity, our sustainability management is largely

Regulators

Legislators, politicians,
authorities, health care systems

Societal stakeholders

General public, non-governmental
organizations, competitors, media



--- Page 15 ---

organized on a regional basis, in the same way as our
operations management.

Regular, trust-based interaction with our stake-
holders — see chart 2.9 on page 44 — is very important to us.
They place many different demands on Fresenius
Medical Care both at a national and an international
level. We aim to make our corporate decisions more
transparent and create trust through dialog. At the
same time, by interacting with our stakeholders, we
can identify a wide range of trends at an early stage,
strengthen our social commitment and act sustainably.

Sustainable corporate development is based on
economic responsibility and business success. We
can only create value for our stakeholders by being
successful as defined by our strategy with a focus on
profitable growth. This in turn provides a long-term
foundation for Fresenius Medical Care. For this rea-
son, the value analysis in table 210 not only depicts the
Company's business success in the strict sense of the
term (revenue, profit, returns on capital employed),
but also its more broadly defined measurable output
that also benefits our various interest and stakehold-
er groups. Through our corporate activities and on-
going business operations, we generate value and

thus meet our stakeholders’ expectations as a reli-
able employer for managers, physicians, medical
staff and many other employees. We provide our
creditors with interest, and our investors with divi-
dends and increases in value on the capital market.
By paying business tax, we make a direct contribu-
tion to society.

Value-added — in other words the Company's
contribution to private and public income and its dis-
tribution among all participants — is the result of the
Company’s output after outlays such as material ex-
penses or depreciation and amortization have been
deducted. Company output includes revenue, chang-
es in inventories, own work capitalized, other oper-
ating income, interest income, and income from in-
vestments. In 2015, we increased our value-added by
10% tO $8,929 M — see table 2.10.

Chart 211 Shows the breakdown of the value-
added we created for our stakeholders in 2015. Our
employees benefit from by far the biggest share of
the value-added generated by Fresenius Medical Care.
Significant amounts of our value-added also go to our
lenders and shareholders and to society as a whole
in the form of taxes.

;-—— ORIGIN OF SUSTAINABLE VALUE-ADDED T.2.10
insM
2015 2014
Creation
Company output 16,729 100% 15,877 100%
Outlays (7,083) -42% (7,016) -44%
Gross value added 9,646 58% 8,861 56%
Depreciation and amortization (717) -4% (699) -4%
» NET VALUE ADDED 8,929 54% 8,162 52%
-—— USE OF VALUE-ADDED" c.2.11

9%

6% Company

Shareholders and noncontrolling interests. —————
6%

tenders Net value-added: 72%
Public sector. ————— $8,929M

Subject to approval of the proposal for the appropriation of earnings at the Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2016.

45

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 16 ---

46

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

ECONOMIC RESPONSIBILITY

Economic responsibility is an integral part of our cor-
porate strategy and management. Fresenius Medical
Care again achieved economic success in 2015 and
posted profitable growth. We improved our revenue
in line with our strategy, thus generating economic
value-added.

We present our economic development and re-
sponsibility in detail, particularly in the section “Objec-
tives and Strategy for Sustainable Value Enhancement”
starting on page 39, “Results of Operations, Financial Situa-
tion, Assets and Liabilities” starting on page 71 as well as in
the Consolidated Financial Statements starting on page 139.

RESPONSIBILITY FOR
OUR EMPLOYEES

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success to
the commitment of its employees. We offer them a
varied working environment and long-term prospects.
Our strategy of recruiting employees with outstand-
ing skills and great potential and supporting their
development within the Company using targeted
measures also means that we are investing in the
future of our Company. By offering diversity, fair, per-
formance-related working and pay conditions, con-
tinuous personnel development and a healthy work-
life balance, Fresenius Medical Care aims to retain
and increase its attractiveness as an employer.

Our personnel management is organized on a
regional basis to meet the requirements in different
countries. Higher-level strategic personnel manage-
ment issues are managed centrally.

Number of employees continues to grow

As of December 31, 2015, Fresenius Medical Care em-
ployed a total of 104,033 members of staff (full-time
equivalents) in more than 50 countries worldwide.
This means that our workforce grew by 4% or more
than 4,138 in absolute terms compared to the previous
year. This was attributable mainly to general growth
in our regions and to acquisitions.

At the end of the year, most of our employees
were based in North America, followed by the EMEA
region (Europe, Middle East, Africa) — see table 2.13 on
page 47. The workforce in the North America region
grew fastest last year as a result of expanding our
clinic network.

Staff costs rose to $6.49 BN in 2015 (2014: $5.82
BN), Corresponding to 39% (2014: 37%) of revenue. Av-
erage staff costs per employee stood at $62,342 (2014:
$58,291).

In Germany, Fresenius Medical Care employed
approximately 4,900 people (2014: around 4,500) at
the end of the year under review, accounting for
around 5% (2014: 5%) of the total workforce. This
underscores our very high degree of internationaliza-
tion. The average age of our employees in Germany
was 43.3 years, somewhat above the previous year’s
figure (42.4 years). The average length of employment
in the Company slightly declined from 12.0 years in
2014 to 11.8 years in 2015. The staff turnover rate was
5.8% (2014: 3.6%).

;—— NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES C.2.12
Full-time equivalents
2015 104,033
2014 99,895
2013 90,690
2012 86,153
2011 79,159



--- Page 17 ---

Recruitment: Enhancing our
attractiveness as an employer

As well as retaining employees with outstanding skills
and great potential, we face the challenge now more
than ever of positioning Fresenius Medical Care as an
attractive employer on the employment market. This
makes it easier to recruit qualified new employees
now and in the future.

Fresenius Medical Care gives students the op-
portunity to gain practical experience in various areas
of the Company. We supervise internships, student
research and project studies as well as bachelor and
master theses, and cooperate closely with higher ed-
ucation institutions to enable talented young people
to get to know us as an attractive employer early on.
One example of this is our partnership with the Uni-
versity of Applied Sciences in Wurzburg-Schweinfurt
(FHWS). The FHWS is renowned for providing high-qual-
ity education in business engineering, plastics tech-
nology, mechanical engineering and computer engi-
neering, especially electrical engineering with a focus
on medical technology and automation technology.

Its students and graduates are attractive potential
employees for Fresenius Medical Care, particularly
for our dialysis machine development and produc-
tion site in Schweinfurt. For this reason, we have
signed a cooperation agreement with FHWs covering
aspects such as scholarships and student excursions
to the Schweinfurt plant, as well as lectures and se-
mester-long projects within various divisions of our
Company.

In addition to classic recruitment activities, we
get the opportunity to meet young researchers by
cooperating with international higher education in-
stitutions in the area of research and development
and supporting young scientists, for example as part
of their doctoral thesis.

To strengthen our public image as an attractive
employer, we further enhanced our employer brand-
ing strategy in the year under review. In collaboration
with higher education institutions, at career fairs, on
our website and in social networks, we can now ad-
dress our target groups in an even more focused way
and emphasize the wide range of career opportuni-
ties at Fresenius Medical Care.

;—— EMPLOYEES BY REGION 7.2.13
Full-time equivalents
2015 2014 Change Share
>» NORTH AMERICA 54,103 51,329 2,774 52%
Health care services 52,886 50,085
Dialysis products 1,217 1,244
> EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST
AND AFRICA 16,695 16,302 393 16%
Health care services 13,595 13,280
Dialysis products 3,100 3,022
> ASIA-PACIFIC 8,260 7,718 542 8%
Health care services 6,454 6,123
Dialysis products 1,806 1,595
> LATIN AMERICA 9,005 9,066 (61) 9%
Health care services 8,207 8,274
Dialysis products 798 792
>» WORLDWIDE 104,033 99,895 4,138 100%
Health care services 81,142 77,762
Dialysis products 6,921 6,653
Corporate" 15,970 15,480 490 15%

Including the divisions Global Manufacturing and Quality and Global Research and Development.

47

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 18 ---

48

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Promoting diversity in the Company

Fresenius Medical Care brings together a variety of
cultures and skills under one corporate roof. As a
company with global operations, we value the diver-
sity that our employees provide in the form of their
qualifications, personal strengths, characteristics, in-
terests and ideas. We intend to continue promoting
diversity in the Company in the future and encourage
employees in all regions to embrace it as one of the
Company's strengths.

Key issues in this respect are the share of wom-
en and men in the Company as a whole and in man-
agement positions. In 2015, 69% of employees were
female. The proportion of women in the first man-
agement level was around 18.8% and of the second
management level below the Management Board
was 28.0% by the end of 2015. The first management
level includes all direct reports worldwide to a mem-
ber of the Management Board who are participants
of the Long Term Incentive Program (or any successive
program). The second management level includes all
direct reports worldwide to a member of the first
management level who are participants of the Long
Term Incentive Program (or any successive program).

For us the composition of participants in the
group-wide Long Term Incentive Program is a good
indicator of the number of women in leading execu-
tive positions around the world. The proportion of
women in this group of our top 850 executives was
approximately 32%.

At Fresenius Medical Care, qualifications are the
paramount consideration in all hiring and promotion
decisions. This means that women and men with
comparable abilities have the same career opportuni-
ties. Fresenius Medical Care will continue to rigorous-
ly apply this principle, while naturally adhering to the
obligations arising from the new act on the equal
participation of women and men in executive posi-
tions in private companies and the public sector.

Training young people

In Germany, we invest in the Company's future by
offering professional training for young people, for
example. In association with the Fresenius Group, we
can offer young women and men a wide range of
prospects in the form of apprenticeships as part of a
dual education in a variety of trades, from warehouse
logistics specialists, electronics technicians for oper-
ating equipment and IT specialists to industrial busi-
ness management assistants as well as internships as
part of bachelor of arts courses in freight forwarding,
transportation and logistics, and bachelor of science
courses in business information technology. In the
year under review, we offered additional training op-
portunities in digital media studies at our headquar-
ters in Bad Homburg in cooperation with the
Baden-Wurttemberg Cooperative State University. In
2015, we provided more than 3,600 apprentices with
vocational training jointly with the Fresenius Group.
In addition, more than 70 students were enrolled in
dual education courses last year.

Fresenius Medical Care apprentices were once
again recognized for their outstanding performance
in the past financial year, garnering national and
Chamber-level awards from the local Chambers of
Industry and Commerce. In previous years, we were
able to take on all apprentices and work-study train-
ees who completed their courses with good grades
and expressed an interest in working at our Company.

Through our involvement in and with schools,
we aim to continue encouraging young people to
start their career at Fresenius Medical Care and giving
them career advice. To this end, we organize infor-
mation days for pupils, parents and teachers, visits to
plants for school classes, internships, support for
bachelor theses and job application training courses.
For example, in 2015, we were involved in the “Train-
ing Night” in Bad Homburg for the fifth time. At this
event, students and parents can find information
about vocational training and dual education as well
as career prospects.

;-—— EMPLOYEES BY FUNCTIONAL AREA 7.2.14
Full-time equivalents

2015 2014 Change Share
Production and services 91,208 88,019 3,189 87%
Headquarters 9,298 8,848 450 9%
Sales and marketing 2,878 2,429 449 3%
Research and development 649 599 50 1%
> TOTAL 104,033 99,895 4,138 100%



--- Page 19 ---

Enhancing personnel development

We place great value on enabling our employees to
apply their individual skills in our Company to the best
of their ability and to continue on their career path
as a specialist, manager, or project leader. Fresenius
Medical Care is continuously expanding its training
portfolio with this in mind.

Life-long learning, continuous feedback on per-
sonal performance, and professional challenges in
line with employees’ abilities are the most important
instruments in our company-wide personnel develop-
ment program. Our global presence gives employees
the opportunity to work abroad. In this way, we can
offer talented employees clear career prospects while
ensuring effective succession planning.

Programs for specialist staff and managers

Our managers and employees with leadership poten-

tial are given the opportunity to take part in training

programs developed especially for them. Here are
three examples:

» The Global Executive Challenge (GEC) is a global
program for employees in management positions
aimed at capturing synergies across regions and
encouraging cooperation. The GEC program gives
participants the impetus to put their newly ac-
quired knowledge into practice in their day-to-day
work with the goal of strengthening their skills as
managers.

» The Fresenius Top Executive Program is a world-
wide, company-specific program for personnel
development in top management positions, focus-
ing on leadership, change management and glo-
balization. We run this program in cooperation
with Harvard Business School.

» The Fresenius Strategic Management Skills Program
is a global program for personnel development at
middle management level as well as for employees
with management potential; we run this program
in cooperation with the University of St. Gallen.

Based on headcount

As one of the largest employers of medical personnel
worldwide, we place great value on providing our
specialist dialysis staff with a wide range of training
and further educational opportunities. We offer
needs-based training for employees at our dialysis
clinics, mostly at a regional level. Examples from the
u.s. include:

>» The UltraCare Clinical Advancement Program
(UCAP) consists of five modular training levels and
is aimed at new and experienced employees in
dialysis clinics as well as in the areas of home ther-
apy and acute dialysis. It helps dialysis specialists
to develop and expand their knowledge and lead-
ership skills and prepares them for the next step in
their career as a clinic manager, health trainer for
patients, or mentor to clinic staff, for example. We
have continuously enhanced the program over the
past few years. In the year under review, more
than 4,700 dialysis specialists were enrolled in this
development program.

» Mentor Connection is a mentoring program in
which senior dialysis specialists coach, assist, and
advise new colleagues. In this way, we support
young managers on-site in our clinics and enable
them to settle into their new leadership positions
quickly.

E-learning further expanded

A medium that gained further importance for person-
nel development at Fresenius Medical Care across all
functional areas is e-learning: This comprises digital
training courses via the internet and intranet. Our
Fresenius Learning Center is an interactive e-learning
platform that allows access to a large number of learn-
ing programs for different target groups, often in the
respective language. The aim is to make company-wide
standards known worldwide. In 2015, we added around
20 new e-learning programs to the Fresenius Learning
Center. We aim to integrate 1T-based forms of learning
into personnel development to an ever greater extent
in future, too, in the form of blended learning.

;—— PERCENTAGE OF MEN AND WOMEN IN THE COMPANY 7.2.15

2015 2014
Total employees in %
Male 31 31
Female 69 69
Employees in upper management positions in %
Male 68 68
Female 32 32

49

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 20 ---

50

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Increasing motivation and
identification with the Company
through performance-related pay

Fresenius Medical Care endeavors to pay its employ-
ees in line with their performance and allow them to
share in the Company's success. Our remuneration
concept therefore comprises fixed and variable com-
ponents for most employees.

Profit sharing

We encourage our employees to identify more with
Fresenius Medical Care by giving them a stake in our
Company's success. Annual bonuses for all employees
in Germany are based on the operating earnings (EBIT)
of the Fresenius Group in that particular year. In 2015,
each eligible employee received a profit share of €2,335
for the preceding financial year. Employees receive half
of this amount in the form of Fresenius Medical Care
stocks, while the other half is paid in cash.

Remuneration program

with long-term incentive effect
Since 2011, a remuneration program incorporating
long-term incentives has been in place at Fresenius
Medical Care; this is a combination of a stock option
plan and a phantom stock plan. In this program, ex-
ercising options is linked directly to the Company's
success. Over a period of five years, senior managers
at Fresenius Medical Care receive a total of up to12M
options for bearer shares or phantom stocks. They
can exercise these after a period of four years on the
condition that the adjusted earnings per share (EPS)
have increased by at least 8% in each year or as a
compounded average over the four-year period. If
this hurdle is cleared in just one, two, or three years,
the options are reduced on a pro rata basis. If earn-
ings per share fall short of the mark completely, the
options are canceled. Some 850 senior managers
worldwide participated in this program in 2015.

Further information on the stock option plan
and the phantom stock plan can be found in the
“Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” starting on
page 148.

Creating an attractive
working environment

We aim to offer our employees an attractive working
environment that enables them to combine their pro-
fessional and family lives. We support this with flexi-
ble working hours, part-time work models, childcare
allowances, health care and sports programs. This
commitment is paying off: In 2015, Fresenius Medical
Care North America was named one of the best em-
ployers in the u.s. by the business magazine Forbes.

Work-life balance

To supplement our other working time models, we
have introduced compensation time accounts in Ger-
many. In addition to a salary component in line with
collective pay agreements, employees can “pay” val-
ue equivalents such as vacation days or compensation
components into these personal time accounts and
use them later on, for example for their professional
development or a flexible transition to retirement.
The aim of this program is to offer our employees
attractive long-term prospects within the Company
and thus benefit from their experience for as long as
possible.

Health care management programs

We offer our employees at our different locations a
wide range of company health schemes adapted to
their requirements as well as their individual physical
and mental strain. These include company relaxation
and exercise courses, subsidized back training, infor-
mation and events relating to health as well as regu-
lar health checks for executives.

-—— PROFIT SHARING 7.2.16
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Figure in € 2,335 2,134 2,164 2,036 2,000
Number of eligible employees 3,417 3,213 3,325 3,231 3,068



--- Page 21 ---

Setting the highest standards
for occupational safety

We are continuously enhancing our occupational
safety measures and standards. Each year, our pro-
duction sites and laboratories in the u.s. are put
through a formal program to monitor environmental
and occupational safety standards. Audits are carried
out to check compliance with regulations from the
u.s. Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the
Department of Transportation and the Environmental
Protection Agency as well as state and local statutes.
At the end of August 2015, Fresenius Medical Care
North America received the “Safety in Excellence
Award” for the 16" time from the u.s. casualty and
property insurer CNA. This award honors the Compa-
ny’s commitment to its employees’ health, to safety
as well as to damage and risk prevention.

In the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and
Africa), we bundled our occupational health mea-
sures in a central management system for occupa-
tional safety in line with the Bs OHSAS 18001 standard
in 2013 and incorporated it into our integrated man-
agement system. In 2015, we once again focused on
reviewing our processes in the event of work-related
accidents and the resultant preventive measures.

RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

To ensure that we fulfill our corporate responsibility
to the environment in a systematic and coordinated
way, we have established a company environmental
management system. This enables us to implement
environmental requirements and design our opera-
tional processes to use resources as efficiently as pos-
sible, and in this way to save on costs. The main ob-
jectives of environmental protection at our Company
are to comply with environmental regulations, con-
tinuously optimize the use of resources and reduce
the associated co, emissions. In addition, our envi-
ronmental management increasingly supports the
business divisions in creating added value for our
customers with eco-friendly products and services.

Environmental management organization
and environmental strategy

As our corporate structure is decentralized, we im-
plement environmental management at a regional
level, as we do with most of our other operating
measures. The responsible environmental managers
develop strategies to boost environmental protection
at our production sites and dialysis clinics and pro-
mote environmental awareness among our employ-
ees on site. They also coordinate environmental
audits carried out at our production sites and dialysis
clinics by external government agencies, institutions
and our own auditors.

Environmental management is part of our inte-
grated management system in the EMEA region (Eu-
rope, Middle East and Africa). The German technical
inspection association TUv Sud regularly checks com-
pliance with the Iso 14001 environmental management
standard at our Company headquarters, in Global
Research and Development, in our certified plants and
certified national clinic organizations. At the end of
2015, eight of our European production sites (2014:
nine) and our medical product development were
certified according to Iso 14001. This drop in numbers
is due to the closure of one of our Italian production
sites. The certified environmental management sys-
tem has now been introduced in 14 European coun-
tries (2014: 13). Our clinic organization in Bosnia-
Herzegovina introduced the system in 2015 and had it
certified according to Iso 14001.

We have also set ourselves the target of further
reducing water consumption by 11% on average, and
electricity consumption by 7% per dialysis treatment
between 2013 and 2018. We already achieved reduc-
tions of 7% (water) and 15% (electricity) by 2015. In
recent years, we have significantly reduced the vol-
ume of blood-contaminated waste. Our aim is to
keep these figures down in the future, taking existing
legislation into account.

51

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 22 ---

52

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Environmental management
at our production sites

At our European production sites, we use perfor-
mance indicators for energy and raw material con-
sumption to calculate the resource efficiency of our
production processes. This enables us to identify fur-
ther potential in a production process that has al-
ready been largely optimized. A certified energy man-
agement system based on Iso 50001 is in place at our
two largest German production sites in St. Wendel
and Schweinfurt. By assessing the energy efficiency
of all processes and facilities, we aim to identify fur-
ther potential savings and then introduce appropriate
measures.

We are also continuously striving to make our
production processes even more environmentally
friendly in North America. For example, in Ogden, our
largest production site in North America, we recycle
the large amounts of water and solvent required for
dialyzer production. In 2015 alone, we recovered and
reused around 250M liters of water and 12M liters of
solvent. In addition, we recycle much of the plastic
and cardboard waste from our North American pro-
duction sites.

At Enstek, our production site in Malaysia, we
commissioned a solar power unit in 2015, which al-
lows us to cover part of the site’s energy requirement.
We intend to install another of these power units at
our site in Smithfield, Australia, in 2016.

>—— DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION C€.2.17
Per dialysis treatment
2015 93%
2014 93%
2013 97%
Re
2012 98%
2011 101%
2010 103%
2009 100%
Source: Clinical software e-conS for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa
;-—— DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE WATER CONSUMPTION C. 2.18
Per dialysis treatment
2015 85%
2014 85%
|
2013 87%
2012 91%
2011 94%
2010 98%
eee
2009 100%
Source: Clinical software e-conS for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa
;-—— DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE BLOOD-CONTAMINATED WASTE c€.2.19
Per dialysis treatment
2015 63%
LS
2014 66%
2013 69%
2012 74%
2011 80%
ee]
2010 93%
2009 100%

Source: Clinical software e-conS for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa


--- Page 23 ---

In addition, we implemented further environ-
mental projects at our production sites worldwide in
2015 to reduce water and electricity consumption and
save on packaging material.

Ecologically sustainable dialysis products

We are continuously working to make our products
and processes more environmentally friendly, for
example by using new materials with improved envi-
ronmental properties or developing new technolo-
gies that further reduce the resource consumption of
our dialysis machines. In this way, we aim to provide
our customers with added value by helping them
save on costs or fulfill environmental requirements
more effectively.

Environmental management
in our dialysis clinics

One of our top priorities is to further reduce the im-
pact of dialysis treatment on the environment while
ensuring resource and cost efficiency. We achieve this
by using ecologically sustainable dialysis products as
well as constructing, modernizing, and running envi-
ronmentally friendly dialysis clinics.

For example, in North America, internal guide-
lines ensure that our dialysis clinic buildings and in-
teriors are designed to be as environmentally com-
patible as possible. We meet or surpass industry
standards for the insulation of roofs, walls, doors,
and windows. We also increasingly ensure that water
treatment systems purchased for dialysis use resourc-
es and energy efficiently.

We established the eco4dialysis initiative in 2015.
We intend to use this in future to offer both our own
dialysis clinics and those of other operators in the

EMEA region the service of making their technical and
medical processes more efficient and adapting them
to the individual local conditions. In this way, we aim
to optimize the consumption of resources and reduce
operating costs.

A central element in managing the resource
efficiency of our dialysis clinics in the EMEA and Latin
America region is our clinical software e-cons, which
we launched in 2008 to create a comprehensive en-
vironmental management system for these regions.
Of our dialysis clinics, 518 in Europe (2014: 502) and
209 in Latin America (2014: 206) now use e-cons, en-
abling them to gather and compare data on resource
efficiency and quickly make improvements. In the
EMEA region, thanks to this software, we have sys-
tematically reduced water and energy consumption
as well as the amount of blood-contaminated waste
in our dialysis clinics in the past few years — see charts
2.17, 2.18 and 2.19 on page 52.

As part of environmental management at our
dialysis clinics in the U.s., we are working with an
external service provider that records and documents
energy and water consumption in all our clinics on an
ongoing basis. Its tasks also include checking and
settling the corresponding energy and water bills.

In addition, we train our employees at our dial-
ysis clinics worldwide to raise their awareness of the
contribution they can make themselves to environ-
mental protection on a day-to-day basis. For example,
our environmental department in Bogota (Colombia)
has initiated a “Green Day” for all employees on
which activities covering all aspects of environmental
protection are introduced and explained. Further-
more, in the context of the “Environmental Leaders”
program in Colombia, we train volunteers in clinics
who then go on to support the implementation of
environmental projects.

53

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 24 ---

54

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In a global market, Fresenius Medical Care is orga-
nized regionally with a high level of local responsibil-
ity for business operations. This also applies to our
Company's social commitment. For this reason, we
not only support global organizations and projects,
but also especially regional and local initiatives, which
are as diverse as our employees. In this respect, we
mainly focus on projects that serve the common good
and promote sustainable development according to
the principle of helping others to help themselves,
ensuring that they have a long-term impact.

Commitment to a better quality of life

As a dialysis company, our goal is to continuously
improve the quality of life of kidney patients. We pur-
sue this aim also beyond our core range of products
and services by cooperating globally with regional
and international associations and institutions that
champion the interests of dialysis patients. In addi-
tion, we develop our own initiatives to help patients
lead a healthier and more active life.

To this end, we sponsor the Renal Support Net-
work in the u.s., a charitable association run by and
for patients with chronic kidney failure. It aims to
provide patients and their families with health edu-
cation, give them more confidence in day-to-day life
and boost their initiative.

In Brazil, we provide financial and professional
support to the Fundacao do Rim, a charitable foun-
dation that helps young dialysis patients in the prov-
ince of Rio de Janeiro. This organization is committed
to raising awareness among the authorities and the
public of the need to ensure the supply of medication
for children and adolescents and give them access to
kidney transplants, as well as establishing more pedi-
atric dialysis units in hospitals. At the same time, it
organizes special programs for young patients, such
as exercise, art, and music therapy classes, and trains
parents in how to deal with their children’s disease.

In Colombia, we have set up our own founda-
tion to promote the health and well-being of our
patients beyond actual dialysis treatment. The Fun-
dacion Fresenius is financed by donations from

industry, our employees, and private individuals. For
example, the foundation provides patients with a
hot meal after dialysis treatment, the only meal of
the day for many of them. It also offers patients in
need free travel between their home and the dialysis
clinic. In 2015, a large number of patients also took
part in cultural and sporting events organized by the
foundation.

In Argentina, one in three dialysis patients leave
school with no qualifications and therefore have dif-
ficulty reading and writing. This low level of educa-
tion amplifies the typical problems of living with dial-
ysis, such as complying with the treatment plan and
taking medication regularly. As part of a program that
we have been running and expanding for many years
in conjunction with the Ministry of Education of Bue-
nos Aires province, we now offer classes for patients
at 18 of our dialysis clinics to enable them to obtain
their qualifications.

Raising public awareness

We regularly take advantage of the annual World
Kidney Day to inform people worldwide about the
importance of the kidneys and the negative effects
of kidney diseases. With a wide range of different
measures, our employees take part in awareness-rais-
ing initiatives in hospitals, shopping centers, schools,
and the social media.

Using our expertise and network
for social commitment

Fresenius Medical Care organizes and supports scien-
tific conferences with international nephrology ex-
perts as well as training programs for physicians and
dialysis specialists worldwide, thus helping to ensure
a high level of quality in dialysis. This is especially
important in regions where modern health care stan-
dards are still being developed. One example is our
partnership with the Sustainable Kidney Care Foun-
dation. We support this foundation via our subsidiary,
the Renal Research Institute. It promotes projects,
mainly in Africa, that give patients with acute kidney
failure access to dialysis treatment, including in re-
gions without an existing supply structure.


--- Page 25 ---

Emergency aid in crisis situations
and donations

To ensure that patients’ vital dialysis treatment is not
interrupted even in extreme weather conditions such
as severe storms or floods, Fresenius Medical Care’s
professional emergency response teams are called
into action in the affected regions. Their task is to
protect patients and employees in emergency situa-
tions and to give patients the best possible care, even
under difficult conditions.

In crisis situations or in the event of internation-
al disasters, the Company as a whole fulfills its social
responsibility. We provide funds, dialysis machines
and medical supplies for institutions that need specif-
ic aid quickly. For example, after the devastating
earthquake in Nepal in April 2015, we provided dialy-
sis machines, water treatment systems, and dispos-
able accessories, enabling dialysis patients to receive
their vital treatment even though many medical facil-
ities and items of equipment were badly damaged by
the earthquake. In Tianjin (China) we donated sever-
al acute dialysis machines and disposables to treat
injured people after the explosion disaster at the
container terminal in August 2015.

In North America, the Fresenius Medical Care
Incident Command Center coordinates emergency
task forces in critical situations, for example during
hurricanes, storm surges, or in the tornado season.
This center is in close contact with the Kidney Com-
munity Emergency Response Coalition (KCER), a U.S.-
wide crisis network. This grouping of various orga-
nizations and institutions includes patient and
professional associations in nephrology, dialysis pro-
viders, hospitals and authorities such as the FDA
(Food and Drug Administration), and the cms (Cen-
ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services). By collab-
orating with KceR, we can closely coordinate our
crisis management as required with the activities of
government bodies such as the United States
Department of Homeland Security and the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which re-
ports to it. FEMA is a national coordination office for
disaster relief.

RESEARCH AND
DEVELOPMENT

Developing innovative products and improving our
dialysis treatments form an integral part of our growth
strategy. Our Global Research and Development (R&D)
activities enable us to develop products efficiently and
to systematically promote the exchange of knowledge
and technology between regions.

GLOBAL RESEARCH AND
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

Health care systems face major financial challenges
now and in the long-term. With regard to our R&D
activities, this confirms our intention to develop inno-
vative products that are not only of the highest qual-
ity, but are also affordable so that caregivers and
patients can benefit from them. Based on our expe-
rience in operating our own dialysis clinics, we do not
consider these to be incompatible aims.

During the past two years, we have reorganized
our R&D activities away from a regional structure and
towards a more global approach. This enables us to
respond even better to the demand for improved
high-quality yet cost-efficient treatment methods,
which is growing worldwide. In doing so, we contin-
ue to take regional market conditions into account
by offering a differentiated product range in more
than 120 countries.

Our new R&D strategy is focused on improv-
ing our ability to deliver innovative competitive
products on time and enhancing our focus on
developing countries. We have identified six core
areas as the future focal points of our R&D activi-
ties — see chart 2.20 on page 56.

Market leadership
To maintain our position as market leader, we aim to
consistently and sustainably offer innovative technol-
ogy, products and features that put us ahead of the
competition and improve processes, manufacturing,
services and, most importantly, the quality of life and
medical outcomes for our patients.

55

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 26 ---

56

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Vertical integration

R&D analyzes and improves therapy systems as well
as processes in our clinics using lean principles sup-
ported by technology. As we are a vertically integrat-
ed company, our R&D benefits from direct access to
the opinions and experience of patients and clinical
staff at our own dialysis centers. This helps them to
enhance the usability and features of our products in
such a way as to optimize and further automate pro-
cesses in the clinics and simplify operations.

Global portfolio management

We actively manage and control our global product
portfolio to identify synergies between different
product families. By exploiting these synergies, we
can improve R&D efficiency and speed up time to mar-
ket. Even though different markets have different
requirements, our platform approach and modular
system components enable us to reduce development
times, achieve economies of scale in purchasing and
bundle our development resources.

New technologies and applications
Apart from new products that are about to enter the
market, we are working on and significantly investing
in new technologies and applications for mid and
long-term growth. A stringent and systematic port-
folio management approach ensures transparency
across all projects and new ideas.

In addition to our internal R&D efforts, we collab-
orate with external partners to create a comprehen-
sive innovation and technology network. These in-
clude numerous academic institutions, such as
research institutes at renowned universities in the u.s.

as well as the Renal Research Institute (RRI) in New
York. This subsidiary of Fresenius Medical Care North
America is a leading institution in the field of clinical
research into chronic kidney failure. Together, we are
working on fundamental issues related to dialysis
treatment. To encourage open innovation, we are
increasingly working with start-ups to gain access to
latest technologies in our core business as well as in
adjacent areas of future strategic interest.

Home therapies
More people than ever suffer from chronic kidney
failure. The resultant higher cost burden for health
care systems and the limited availability of trained
personnel for dialysis centers are boosting demand
for home therapy systems worldwide. Home dialysis
and its associated technologies and products are
therefore another key focal point of our R&D activities.

Emerging markets
Many dialysis patients in emerging markets still lack
reliable access to treatment. Extending dialysis cov-
erage in these markets offers potential for growth
and can save many lives. To achieve this, we are
developing a dedicated product portfolio for these
markets and expanding our local presence. As one
of the larger emerging markets, China is a major fo-
cus of our efforts. In 2015, we established the China
Design Center in Shanghai. This new facility signifi-
cantly extends the footprint of our existing R&D
teams and provides insights and proximity to local
customers, regulatory bodies and our local supplier
networks. Teams of employees from R&D, produc-
tion and purchasing are working together to

;—— CORE AREAS R&D ACTIVITIES ¢.2.20
Efficiency Growth
v v v v v v
Market Vertical Global portfolio New Home therapies _ | [Emerging markets
leadership integration management technologies and
applications



--- Page 27 ---

develop market-ready products for the local dialysis
market. It is part of a long-term strategy that the
China Design Center will provide multiple advantag-
es to the existing global RéD organization, for ex-
ample, faster and easier market access due to the
proximity to local regulatory bodies, lower product
costs and higher integration with existing supplier
networks in Asia and an improved product roadmap
due to a deeper understanding of local customer
and market requirements. While the focus is cur-
rently on PD products and dialysis machines, the aim
is to develop a complete product portfolio especial-
ly for this market.

INNOVATIONS 2015 AND BEYOND

In the past year, we launched a number of new prod-
ucts for renal therapy on the global market. One ex-
ample is the multiFiltratePRO therapy system for con-
tinuous renal replacement therapy (cRRT), primarily
for the treatment of acute kidney failure in critically
ill patients at intensive care units. The system includes
a multitude of advanced features that support physi-
cians and caregivers, who are increasingly subject to
a greater workload. These include a large touch-
screen monitor that displays all required information,
intuitive handling, fully integrated fluid heaters for
reliably accurate fluid temperature control and a
“care mode” that prevents unnecessary alarms. The
multiFiltratePRO platform also builds on our substan-
tial experience with our Ci-Ca® regional anticoagula-
tion system, resulting in fewer bleeding complications
for patients.

Other new products and features introduced in
2015 include new software to facilitate operations in
dialysis clinics by improving access to patient and
treatment information at the bedside, improved cen-
tral station monitoring and optimized treatment pre-
scriptions for individual patients. Based on our fluid
management technology, the CritLine-Clic blood vol-
ume monitor makes it easier to correct overhydration,

thus contributing to fewer hospitalizations and im-
proving the quality of life for patients.

The year 2016 will be marked by the launch of a
new dialysis machine, our next-generation hemodial-
ysis platform for the treatment of chronic renal failure.
At the core of this system is an array of new technol-
ogies and inventions that combine user-friendliness
and cost efficiency with the highest treatment quality.

In the same year, we will also generate the first
clinical data of a new dialyzer. By modifying the inner
wall of the hollow fiber, we will create a more hemo-
compatible fiber surface and reduce the need for hep-
arin in standard dialysis treatments.

Fresenius Medical Care offers home dialysis pa-
tients innovative product solutions for both home
hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis. We are also ex-
panding our product offerings in Asia-Pacific by de-
veloping and launching new continuous ambulatory
peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) products and solutions in
local manufacturing sites

We currently develop a portfolio of state-of-
the-art peritoneal dialysis (PD) technologies together
with our partners. The new product platform will
offer dialysis systems, so-called cyclers, designed for
use in Automated Peritoneal Dialysis (APD) therapy,
which is the most frequently utilized home therapy
for the treatment of end-stage renal disease. They
are lightweight and compact, making it more practi-
cal to dialyze at home. The smaller size of this new
generation of PD cyclers will provide flexibility for
dialysis patients.

Our ongoing development efforts in the area
of home dialysis also include the Portable Artificial
Kidney (PAK). The main advantages of the PAK com-
pared to conventional dialysis machines are its small
size and transportability along with a significant
reduction in the amount of water required from
120 liters per treatment on average in conventional
machines to between six and ten liters in the pak.
This means that the PAK is extremely resource-efficient
and flexible, giving home dialysis patients maximum
independence and mobility.

57

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 28 ---

58

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

ETHICAL STANDARDS IN R&D

As part of our innovation culture, we also strive to
carry out research and development responsibly.
Whenever Fresenius Medical Care launches a
new medical device or pharmaceutical product, the
Company is legally required to prove and extensively
document its effectiveness and safety. This can result
in the need for clinical studies. Our industry is subject
to extensive guidelines and laws intended to ensure
that no ethical principles are violated during such
studies, that physicians and institutions carrying out
studies on companies’ behalf have been carefully
selected based on their qualifications, and that scien-
tifically accepted methods are applied. They include,
for example, the declaration of the World Medical
Association, which prescribes basic ethical principles
for clinical research, EU directives on pharmaceuticals
(such as Directive 2001/20/ECc), the EU Medical Device
Directive (MDD) and Iso standard 14155, which defines
the criteria for clinical investigation and reporting in

clinical research. Fresenius Medical Care carries out
its clinical research in accordance with these regula-
tions. In addition, we observe national laws and reg-
ulations such as the Pharmaceuticals Act (AMG) and
the Medical Devices Act (mPG) in Germany, or the u.s.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations.
Fresenius Medical Care’s own Standard Operating
Procedures (sop) for employees combine these regu-
lations with internal rules to ensure that clinical stud-
ies commissioned by us are carried out and docu-
mented properly. Before a study can even begin, our
application must be approved by ethics committees
in the relevant countries.

We only use animal testing to obtain approval
for new products and forms of treatment where this
is prescribed by law. Such tests are carried out by
third-party research institutes in recognized test lab-
oratories, and are always approved by an ethics com-
mittee for animal testing. As a matter of principle, our
strategy is to avoid animal testing and to use alterna-
tive methods wherever possible.

-—— EXPENDITURES FOR R&D 7.2.21
in $M
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
> TOTAL 140 122 126 112 111
;>—— NUMBER OF PATENTS T.2.22
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
> TOTAL 6,643 6,133 5,560 4,850 4,415
;—— NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES IN R&D T.2.23
Full-time equivalents
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
> TOTAL 649 599 552 530 530



--- Page 29 ---

R&D RESOURCES

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care spent
a total of around $140 M on R&D (2014: $122 M). Around
a quarter of our R&D expenditures went into funding
advance developments, laying the foundations for
future product innovations.

At the end of 2015, our patent portfolio com-
prised some 6,643 patents in approximately 1,025
patent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to the
same invention. Our R&D work in the year under re-
view produced around 86 additional patent families.
A broad portfolio of patents will provide us with a
wide range of treatment options in this competitive
area in future.

In 2015, 649 highly qualified employees worked
for Fresenius Medical Care in R&D worldwide (2014: 599).
They come from various backgrounds: Physicians work
side by side with software specialists, business econ-
omists and engineers in interdisciplinary teams.

Around 370 employees, and therefore the major-
ity of our R&D staff, are based in Europe. Most activities
are carried out at our facilities in Schweinfurt and Bad
Homburg (Germany). Other R&D sites are in St. Wendel
(Germany), Bucharest (Romania) and Krems (Austria).
In the u.s., the Company maintains centers of excel-
lence for the development of devices in Concord and
Lake Forest, California, and for dialyzers and other dis-
posable products in Ogden, Utah. Development activ-
ities in Shanghai and Changshu (China) are focused on
the growing demand for cost-effective dialysis systems
for Asia and emerging markets. The global Rep orga-
nization coordinates collaboration and technology
exchange among the various sites.

59

OPERATIONS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 30 ---

60

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

The dialysis market is a growth
market with demand for prod-
ucts and services for kidney
patients steadily rising. This is
partly due to demographic
factors such as the aging popu-
lation. Fresenius Medical
Care’s business ts impacted
more by government reimburse-
ment rates and systems than
by economic cycles.

GENERAL SITUATION

OVERALL ECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENT

Global economy: Sluggish development

In 2015, global economic growth stabilized at a low
level; however, the economic slump anticipated by

economists in the meantime did not occur. The u.s.

and other advanced economies again experienced a
moderate expansion rate with the momentum varying

1.40

>—— EXCHANGE RATE DEVELOPMENT U.S. DOLLAR/EURO C.2.24

Qi 2014 Q2 2014 Q3 2014 Q4 2014 Qi 2015 Q2 2015 Q3 2015 Q4 2015

considerably between individual regions. By contrast,
growth in emerging countries was slow due to the
deepening recessions in Russia, Brazil, and China.

Exchange rate development:
Euro further weakened

Some exchange rates fluctuated significantly in 2015.
Since we generate a large part of our sales in the u.s.
and the euro zone and do our financial accounting in
u.s. dollars, the performance of the u.s. dollar and
the euro is of particular importance to us. The euro
lost around 16% against the u.s. dollar on average in
2015 compared to the previous year, with the down-
ward trend that started in the second half of the pre-
vious year continuing throughout the whole of 2015.
This development had a strong negative impact on
revenue and other key income items as a result of the
translation of the results of operations in euro into
the reporting currency u.s. dollar.

We reduce our transaction risks, i.e. risks due
to foreign currency items or exchange rate fluctua-
tions, through our global network of production fa-
cilities, which is geared towards the demand in our
dialysis products business: As many of our production
facilities are based in the markets that they serve, we
incur costs in the same currency in which we gener-
ate our revenue. The exchange rate development
between the euro and the local currencies is signifi-
cant for our large production sites in the euro zone
because of intragroup sales to group companies in
other currency areas. As a result of these sales, our
subsidiaries are affected by changes in the exchange

1.20

1.00

— $/€ — Annual average
Source: FactSet

= Quarterly average


--- Page 31 ---

rate between the invoicing currencies and the curren-
cies in which they conduct their local business. In our
largest division, health care services, the risk of ex-
change rate fluctuations is relatively low because we
provide our services locally and therefore in the re-
spective currency. Transaction effects had a slight
positive impact on key income items. In total, trans-
lation and transaction effects had a negative impact
on revenue and other key income items in 2015.

Further information on the economic environ-
ment can be found in the “Comparison of the Actual
Business Results with Forecasts” section starting on page 69
and in the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 97.

STRUCTURAL AND LEGAL
ENVIRONMENT

Our customers are mostly
health insurers and companies

Fresenius Medical Care’s most important customers
are state-owned or public health insurers, private
health insurers, and companies.

Health care systems vary
from country to country

As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical
service, patients do not usually have to pay for dialy-
sis themselves. Instead, the costs are borne by the
responsible health care system. The reimbursement
systems for dialysis treatment — in other words, the
structures used by health care systems to reimburse
dialysis services — differ from country to country and
often vary within countries. The factors determining
reimbursement include regional conditions, the treat-
ment method, regulatory issues, and the type of dialy-
sis service provider (public or private).

The health care debate in some countries is
currently focused on establishing reimbursement
structures based on treatment quality (pay for perfor-
mance). In this case, more responsibility is transferred
to the medical service provider, subject to transpar-
ency and quality criteria. The goal of reimbursement

models of this kind is to maintain high treatment
quality combined with lower overall costs for the
health care system.

One example of a reimbursement model based
on qualitative criteria is the reimbursement system for
dialysis in the u.s., our biggest sales market. This sys-
tem applies to dialysis treatment for patients who are
predominantly covered by national health insurance
(Medicare patients); we generate around 32% of our
revenue with these patients. Dialysis costs are reim-
bursed in the scope of a lump-sum reimbursement
system that bundles specific products and services in
a single reimbursement rate. This reimbursement rate
is adjusted each year based on the rise in costs of a
“market basket” of specific products and services for
medical care less a productivity factor. In addition,
between 2014 and 2017, changes in the use of specific
drugs and biopharmaceuticals included in the base
rate will gradually be incorporated into the reim-
bursement rate. In 2015, the base rate per treatment
was $239.43, Up 0.2% on the previous year.

The u.s. reimbursement system also takes into
account quality parameters such as the regulation of
the hemoglobin content of the blood and the effec-
tiveness of dialysis treatment (quality incentive pro-
gram, qip). For dialysis clinics that do not meet the
defined quality standards, reimbursements can be cut
by up to 2%. In the next few years, the underlying
quality standards will be continuously adapted and
extended.

We are also working closely with the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (cms), a state-run
public health care authority, in the area of Care Coor-
dination. For example, we have been involved in the
“Bundled Payments for Care Improvement” (BPCI) ini-
tiative via our subsidiary Sound Physicians since
April 2015. BPci is a three-year pilot project in which
specific health care services for Medicare patients are
reimbursed on a lump-sum basis. As a participant in
this project, we can become entitled to additional
reimbursement if we provide high-quality care at a
cost that is below a set threshold.

61

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 32 ---

62

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT

The dialysis market is growing worldwide. At the end
of 2015, more than 2.8M dialysis patients were being
treated. With our many decades of experience, we
can provide patients with high-quality dialysis prod-
ucts and services from a single source. We are there-
fore ideally placed to further expand our business and
consolidate our position as market leader.

Collecting and analyzing market data

Reliable information on the development of the dialy-
sis market and its general conditions is essential for
the success of our business. To enable us to obtain
and manage representative market information,
Fresenius Medical Care has developed its own tool,
the Market and Competitor Survey (mcs). We use it
to collect and analyze relevant dialysis market and
competitor data once a year and leverage this within
the Company. This information serves as a basis for
strategic decisions made by management, research
and development and marketing, as well as for our
external reporting, such as the Annual Report. Unless
otherwise stated, the data in this chapter is based on
the mcs survey. We regularly adapt it to account for
new trends such as changes in the use of certain
treatments as well as in the structure of our compet-
itive environment caused by the entry of new provid-
ers, for example.

In recent years, the gap between information
provided by the two leading u.s. data sources on
patient numbers and patient number growth rates
has widened. This is accompanied by a significant
time lag in reporting this data. Fresenius Medical Care
therefore reviewed its methods for collecting current
estimates and forecasts of patient numbers in 2015.
This has led to a restatement of both reported patient
numbers and growth rates in North America.

Rising patient numbers

Chronic kidney failure is a global disease: At the
end of 2015, approximately 3.5m patients were be-
ing treated, either with a transplant or dialysis.

The incidence of chronic kidney failure varies
between regions. Prevalence, i.e. the relative number
of people being treated for end-stage renal disease
in a particular country, also differs significantly from
one country to another. The prevalence rate, mea-
sured in patients per million population (pmp), can
be well below 100, especially in developing countries.
In countries in the European Union, it averages just
over 1,100 pmp. Countries like Japan and the u.s.
have very high levels that exceed 2,000 pmp in places,
for example. In Taiwan, the rate is even as high as
3,000 pmp.

There are various reasons for the significant
divergence in prevalence rates:

» The countries differ demographically, as age struc-
tures in the population vary worldwide.

» The prevalence of risk factors for kidney disease
such as diabetes and high blood pressure varies
widely.

» The genetic predisposition for kidney disease also
differs significantly around the world.

> Access to dialysis is still restricted in many coun-
tries, meaning that many patients suffering from
kidney failure are not treated and therefore do not
appear in prevalence statistics.

» Cultural factors such as nutrition play a role.

The number of dialysis patients in 2015 rose by around
6%. In the u.s., Japan, and Western and Central
Europe the increase in the number of patients was
again below average in 2015. In these regions, preva-
lence is already relatively high and patients generally
have reliable access to treatment, normally dialysis.
In economically weaker regions, on the other hand,


--- Page 33 ---

growth was above average — an indication that access
to dialysis treatment in these countries is still limited
and is gradually improving. Beside an easier access to
dialysis, other factors contribute to a rise in global
prevalence, for example the spreading incidence of
illnesses that cause renal damage, such as diabetes
and high blood pressure, as well as the general aging
of the global population due to medical advances.

Comparison of treatment methods

Of the approximately 2.8 Mm patients undergoing dialy-
sis treatment at the end of 2015, 2.492 M — about 88% —
were being treated with hemodialysis and around
326,000 (12%) with peritoneal dialysis — see the Glossary
starting on page 214. In a global comparison of treatment
methods, hemodialysis is clearly the most common.

-—— DIALYSIS PATIENTS: REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT 7.2.25
2015 Change
North America 613,000 ~4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 690,000 ~4%
Asia-Pacific 1,240,000 ~8%
Latin America 275,000 ~5%
>» WORLDWIDE 2,818,000 ~6%
Source: Company information and estimates
-— REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION OF DIALYSIS IN CLINICS AND HOME DIALYSIS ——_—-. r. 2.26
Clinic dialysis Home dialysis
North America 79% 21%
U.S. 88% 12%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 93% 7%
Asia-Pacific 89% 11%
Latin America 88% 12%
Source: Company information and estimates
-—— PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY FAILURE 1.2.27
inM
Patients with chronic kidney failure 3.572 100%
Of which patients with transplants 0.709 20%
Of which dialysis patients 2.818 80%
Hemodialysis (HD) 2.492 71%
Peritoneal dialysis (PD) 0.326 9%
Source: Company information and estimates
-—— MARKET POSITION IN KEY PRODUCT GROUPS 1.2.28
1 place 24 place
Dialyzers Fresenius Medical Care Nipro
Dialysis machines Fresenius Medical Care Nikkiso
Concentrates for hemodialysis Fresenius Medical Care Baxter
Bloodline systems Fresenius Medical Care Nipro
Products for peritoneal dialysis Baxter Fresenius Medical Care

Source: Company information and estimates

63

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 34 ---

64

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Dialysis patients can be treated either in a dialy-
sis clinic or at home. Treatment options available out-
side dialysis clinics are home hemodialysis (relatively
uncommon so far) and peritoneal dialysis. Table 2.26
on page 63 Shows how the ratio of patients treated in
dialysis clinics to patients on home dialysis varies
from region to region

The third option for treating patients with
end-stage renal disease is kidney transplantation.
Approximately 709,000 patients were living with a

transplanted kidney at the end of 2015. However,
for many years, the number of donated organs
worldwide has been significantly lower than the
number of patients on transplant waiting lists.
Despite extensive efforts by regional initiatives to
increase awareness of kidney donation and the will-
ingness to donate, the share of patients receiving
kidney transplantation compared with other treat-
ment methods has remained relatively unchanged
over the past ten years.

-—— DIALYSIS PRODUCTS €.2.29
Market share, based on revenue
34%
38% Fresenius Medical Care
Others
28%
Baxter
Source: Company information and estimates
;—— HEMODIALYSIS PRODUCTS €.2.30
Market share, based on revenue
38%
46% Fresenius Medical Care
Others
16%
Baxter
Source: Company information and estimates
;—— PERITONEAL DIALYSIS PRODUCTS €.2.31
Market share, based on revenue
7% 21%
Others Fresenius Medical Care
72%
Baxter

Source: Company information and estimates


--- Page 35 ---

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE
IN A GLOBAL COMPARISON

The volume of the global dialysis market decreased
to around $73 BN in 2015, according to our estimates,
due to the strong effect of exchange rate fluctuations.
The market grew by 4% last year in constant currency
terms. We expect the following approximate break-
down for this market volume: around $13 BN for dialy-
sis products and approximately $608N for dialysis
services (including dialysis drugs).

Dialysis products: Two major providers

The main dialysis products include dialyzers, hemo-
dialysis machines, concentrates and dialysis solutions,
along with products for peritoneal dialysis — see the
Glossary starting on page 214. In terms of revenue, the two
largest manufacturers of dialysis products together
accounted for approximately 62% of the worldwide
market in 2015. Fresenius Medical Care was the mar-
ket leader in this segment with a market share of 34%.

Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest prod-
uct group in the dialysis market with a worldwide
sales volume of more than 270M units in 2015. Around
120 M were made by Fresenius Medical Care, meaning
that we comfortably held the largest market share in
this segment. We set a new unit sales record in the
u.s., our largest single market, with more than 44M
dialyzers sold in 2015. Hemodialysis machines consti-
tute another key segment of our product business.
Here, too, we are the clear market leader: More than

-—— DIALYSIS CLINIC OPERATORS

half of the around 81,000 dialysis machines sold
worldwide in 2015 were produced by Fresenius
Medical Care. The u.s. is our biggest sales market for
dialysis machines. In the year under review, we man-
ufactured more than 93% of dialysis machines sold
there. Our 2008 machine series is the leading dialysis
system in the u.s. with more than 122,000 units in use.

In the area of peritoneal dialysis, we account
for 21% of the global market in terms of revenue —

see also chart 2.31 on page 64.

Dialysis services:
Most patients treated in dialysis clinics

Renal patients generally receive dialysis treatment
in a hospital or dialysis clinic, which they visit three
times a week for several hours. They are treated
either during the day or overnight while they sleep.
Further treatment options include home dialysis,
which patients mostly carry out themselves at home
under expert guidance and with the necessary acces-
sories, or dialysis on vacation, Fresenius Medical Care
also offers services for this case. The vast majority of
dialysis services, however, involve conventional treat-
ment in hospitals or clinics.

In 2015, most dialysis patients were cared for
in one of around 36,900 dialysis clinics worldwide,
resulting in an average of some 75 patients per clin-
ic. The organization of the clinics differs significantly
depending on whether the health care system in the
respective country is mainly state-run or privately
operated.

Share of patients treated

North America

Europe/Middle East/Africa

Asia-Pacific

Latin America

» WORLDWIDE

Cc. 2.32
19% 69% 12%
59% 17% 24%
SS
52% 6% 42%
16% 23% 61%
43% 24% 33%

== Public = Companies = Private individuals
Source: Company information and estimates

65

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 36 ---

66

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Fresenius Medical Care operates its own dialysis
clinics in countries where the health care system
allows private-sector companies to provide medical
services and an appropriate reimbursement system is
in place. For some years now, health care systems in
many countries have been under pressure to improve
the quality of treatment while keeping health care
costs as low as possible. Some countries have there-
fore started to contemplate whether and how spe-
cialized private companies can help them in this.
Other countries are only just setting up their health
care systems and are looking to interact with health
care companies that have a good reputation due to
their high-quality service portfolio, with the aim of
developing modern treatment standards. In both cas-
es, Fresenius Medical Care, as an experienced verti-
cally integrated provider, is the right partner: With our
high-quality, innovative products and services, we are
ideally equipped to continue expanding our position
on the dialysis market.

In this respect, the Chinese market will also
become increasingly important for our business:
The country’s government is making efforts to devel-
op a modern health care system with corresponding
reimbursement structures — an important prerequisite
for opening the market for dialysis services to inter-
national providers.

With this in mind, we will continue to drive our
growth in China through continuous cooperation
with local hospitals, via management contracts and
for the time expand our collaboration through joint
ventures providing hospital services including dialysis.
So far, we cooperate with 116 clinics (previous year:
107 clinics) supplying dialysis products and providing
clinical management services.

In the u.s., Fresenius Medical Care and DaVita
together treat around 75% of all dialysis patients; this
means that there is already a very high concentration
of dialysis clinics. In the year under review, Fresenius
Medical Care treated more than 178,000 patients,

-— DIALYSIS SERVICES BY REGION c. 2.33
Number of patients treated
Total: 2.818 M
North America
Fresenius Medical Care 182,852
Davita 180,600
U.S. Renal Care 23,000
Europe
Fresenius Medical Care 54,857
——_———
Diaverum 22,400
Kuratorium fur Dialyse 18,800
Asia-Pacific
Fresenius Medical Care 26,472
Showai-Kai 5,200
B.Braun 5,100
=
Latin America
Fresenius Medical Care 30,200
—
Baxter 8,000
Diaverum 4,500
Source: Company information and estimates
-—— TOP 5 DIALYSIS PROVIDERS WORLDWIDE €.2.34
Number of patients treated
Fresenius Medical Care 294,381
Davita 190,000
Diaverum 27,400
—
B.Braun Avitum 25,000
U.S. Renal Care 23,000

Source: Company information and estimates


--- Page 37 ---

approximately 38% of all dialysis patients in the u.s.
(2014: around 176,000 patients, approximately 37%).

Outside the u.s., the dialysis services segment
is still considerably more fragmented: With more than
1,200 dialysis clinics and around 116,000 patients in 45
countries, Fresenius Medical Care operates by far the
largest and most international network of clinics.

Overall, Fresenius Medical Care further consol-
idated its position as clear market leader in the dialy-
sis services business in the period under review: Over
the past year, we treated 294,381 dialysis patients
(2014: 286,312) in 3,418 clinics (2014: 3,361).

Dialysis drugs supplement our range

Usually, patients undergoing dialysis require medi-
cation to counteract anemia and control their min-
eral metabolism, both consequences of chronic kid-
ney failure. Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents used
to treat anemia account for almost two thirds of the
total market for dialysis drugs. We obtain these as
well as phosphate binders for controlling bone me-
tabolism and iron compounds for treating anemia
mainly from Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal
Pharma, a joint venture with the Swiss company
Galenica. More information on this can be found in
the “Events Significant for Business Development”
section starting on page 68.

Care Coordination:
Expanding our business

Chronic diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular
diseases are becoming increasingly common and are
responsible for almost two out of three deaths world-
wide. In the u.s., for example, 86% of the country’s
health care budget is spent on treating chronic dis-
eases. Chronic diseases have a major impact on the
health economy, not only in industrialized countries,
but also in many emerging countries. At present, more

-—— PATIENTS TREATED

than 95% of health care spending goes toward treat-
ing chronic diseases and less than 5% toward preven-
tive measures.

To counter the resultant rise in cost pressure,
many health care systems are moving away from
reimbursing individual services and towards holistic,
coordinated care. One example is the reimbursement
system in the u.s., our largest market. Whereas in
2010 only around 50 regionally organized health care
organizations took part in a value-based reimburse-
ment program with a holistic care approach, the
number has now risen to 500.

Fresenius Medical Care is also involved in estab-
lishing value-based reimbursement initiatives and has
taken part in several pilot projects run by the cms
since 2015, both in the area of dialysis and in hospital
care for patients — see the “Events Significant for busi-
ness development” section starting on page 68.

Thanks to our activities in the area of Care Coor-
dination and our experience in dialysis, we can help
to shape the development of the health care system,
enabling us to grow further. At the same time, pa-
tients benefit from holistic and coordinated care. We
also aim to create added value for health care sys-
tems by reducing health care costs.

We combine non-dialysis medical services in
the area of Care Coordination. This currently includes
services relating to vascular, cardiovascular and en-
dovascular surgery, non-dialysis laboratory testing
and physician practice services, as well as coordinat-
ing hospitalist and intensivist services by specialist
physicians, health plan services, coordinated delivery
of pharmacy services and urgent care services, for
example.

One of our medical service providers in the area
of Care Coordination is Sound Physicians, a leading
health care organization, focused on improving qual-
ity and reducing cost throughout the episode of care
in the communities they serve — coordinating care
from emergency to inpatient care (hospitalists and

North America

Europe/Middle East/Africa

Asia-Pacific

Latin America

» WORLDWIDE

C.2.35
30% 70%
8% 92%
2% 98%
2 LLL
11% 89%
10% 90%

m= Fresenius Medical Care = Other providers
Source: Company data and estimates

67

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 38 ---

68

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

intensivists) as well as post-acute. More than 2,000
Sound Physicians providers cared for more than one
million patients in 2015, at nearly 300 hospitals and
post-acute facilities in u.s.

Currently, we mainly offer medical services
in Care Coordination in the u.s., and have adapted
our activities in this field to this market. The extent
of the roll out of our Care Coordination services out-
side the u.s. can vary in individual countries and
regions, depending on the respective reimbursement
system and market environment.

OVERVIEW OF
THE FISCAL YEAR

Once again, the general conditions in our core busi-
ness of dialysis did not change significantly in 2015.
We reached the targets we had set ourselves. In the
future, we aim to focus even more on offering our
patients holistic treatment by expanding the medical
services we provide beyond dialysis treatment.

EVENTS SIGNIFICANT FOR
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Capital expenditures and acquisitions

In implementing our investment strategy, we gave
priority to growing our clinic network and our prod-
uct business once more in 2015. We also invested in
expanding our research and development activities in
the Asia-Pacific region by opening the China Design
Center.

We had already started to step up our Care
Coordination activities in 2014 by making several
acquisitions in North America. Last year, we mainly
concentrated our efforts on integrating and enhanc-
ing the individual companies.

Further information on our capital expenditures
and acquisitions can be found in the “Financial Situ-
ation” section starting on page 77.

Divestitures

In 2015, we sold our dialysis services business in
Venezuela. The challenging economic situation in the
country and the resultant conditions prevented us
from continuing our dialysis services business in a
satisfactory manner. However, we continue to sell our
dialysis products there.

Last year, we also transferred our European
marketing rights for specific drugs for treating kidney
diseases to Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma
Ltd. As a result, the joint venture between Fresenius
Medical Care and the Swiss company Galenica spe-
cializing in nephrology drugs has expanded its prod-
uct range. Further information can be found in the
“Results of Operations, Financial Situation, Assets and
Liabilities” chapter starting on page 71.

Alliances

In 2015, we concluded an agreement with Galenica.
The Swiss company will supply us with the drug
Mircera; use is restricted to our dialysis clinics in
North America. Mircera is an erythropoesis-stimulat-
ing agent for treating anemia in adult patients with
chronic kidney failure. It can be used as an alternative
to the more cost-intensive EPO.

Agreement in principle

On February 15, 2016 we have reached an agreement
in principle with a committee designated by the plain-
tiffs to resolve litigation in the U.s. involving the dialy-
sis acid concentrates GranuFlo®/NaturaLyte®. Provid-
ed that certain thresholds and restrictions are met,
the settlement amount would be $250M, funding
provided to the plaintiffs in August 2015, partially off-
set by insurance recoveries of $220™. In addition, ac-
cruals have been made for insurance risk self-reten-
tion, legal fees and other anticipated costs associated
with the finalization of the settlement in the amount
of $30M. The net result of the above impacts in the
amount of $60M pretax (“net settlement expense”),
is included in selling, general and administrative ex-
penses. The after tax loss related to the net settle-
ment expense was $37M.


--- Page 39 ---

Change to the Group structure

At the beginning of 2015, we restructured our busi-
ness segments and adapted our segment reporting.
The four business segments of Fresenius Medical Care
are North America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa),
Asia-Pacific and Latin America.

New or developing reimbursement
models in North America

In 2015, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (cms),
a state-run public health care authority, created a
comprehensive new care model for the holistic treat-
ment of patients with terminal kidney disease. Known
under its acronym Esco, this model is intended to
reduce the costs for treating patients while maintain-
ing the quality of treatment. Companies that meet
the program's minimum quality standards while re-
ducing cms’s costs for care of their patients to below
a prescribed value receive a portion of the cost sav-
ings. Several of Fresenius Medical Care's dialysis clin-
ics are taking part in the pilot project.

Another initiative in the u.s. is called Bundled
Payments for Care Improvement (BPCI). Services per-
formed during an illness or a course of treatment,
such as the provision and coordination of hospitalist
services by specialist physicians, accounting services
for physicians and rehabilitation measures, are reim-
bursed on a lump-sum basis. Our subsidiary Sound
Physicians joined BPci in 2015. In the context of BPCI,
we can gain entitlement to additional reimbursement
if we are able to provide quality care at a cost that is
below a set value. Any higher costs will then have to
be borne by Fresenius Medical Care.

Business environment

The Company’s business environment remained large-
ly unchanged in many markets in 2015, as did the
relevant legal frameworks for our business. Especial-
ly in the u.s., our largest sales market, we are still
obliged to continue operating in an environment that
does not sufficiently account for rising treatment
costs in its reimbursement rates. In the past fiscal year,
Fresenius Medical Care successfully continued its ac-
tivities in its core business, made further progress in
growing its Care Coordination operations and
achieved further savings in the context of its Global
Efficiency Program.

COMPARISON OF THE
ACTUAL BUSINESS RESULTS
WITH FORECASTS

The general conditions in our core business of dialysis
did not change significantly in 2015. We met our tar-
gets for 2015.

The net settlement expense as mentioned in the
“Events Significant for Business Development” section
starting on page 68 Was not included in the targets for the
financial year 2015. To make the actual results for 2015
comparable to the targets they were adjusted accord-
ingly. We restated operating income by $60m. Net
income was adjusted by $37M.

At the beginning of the year under review, we
expected revenue growth of 5 to 7% for 2015, corre-
sponding to a 10 to 12% rise on a constant currency
basis. In actual fact, we increased revenue by 6% to
$16.74 BN. On a constant currency basis, revenue rose
by 11%. All regions contributed to this positive perfor-
mance, especially North America and Asia-Pacific.

We had forecast moderate growth in operating
income (BIT) for 2015, wherein the net settlement
expense from the agreement in the amount of $60mM
is not included. And we achieved an adjusted esit of
$2.39BN, Corresponding to an increase of 6%.

At the beginning of the year, we set a target
range for net income growth of 0 to 5%. This includ-
ed cost savings from the Global Efficiency Program
and additional expenditure for the expansion of Care
Coordination as part of our growth strategy 2020. The
after tax loss related to the net settlement expense
of $37M was not included in this target range. In real
terms, we generated an adjusted net income of
$1.07BN in 2015, a 2% increase, which thereby was
within our target range. Even excluding earnings con-
tributions from acquisitions made in 2015, net income
was still up by 1% and was therefore in line with ex-
pectations. Further information can be found in the
“Results of Operations” section starting on page 71.

Earnings per share increased by 1%, almost in
line with the development of net income, as we had
expected.

The steady growth of the dividend is reflected
in our dividend proposal: Subject to approval by the
Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2016, the divi-
dend per share will increase by 3% to €0.80 (2015:
€0.78). More information on the dividend proposal
can be found in the “Dividend Continuity” section
on page 24.

69

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 40 ---

70

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

In 2015, we budgeted around $1.0BN for capital
expenditures. In actual fact, our net capital expendi-
tures came to $0.9BN. We earmarked $0.4BN for ac-
quisitions and equity investments. This year, we have
already reduced our forecast to around $0.3 BN. Over-
all, we have invested $0.18N in acquisitions and equity
investments less divestments. For further information,
see the “Financial Situation” section starting on page 77.

Net cash provided by operating activities driven
by earnings development and sound management of
days sales outstanding was high in 2015 at $1.96 BN.
Relative to revenue, this corresponded to 11.7%, ex-
ceeding the target of more than 10%.

Free cash flow amounted to 6.1% of revenue in
2015, and was therefore also above our expectation
of “more than 4%”.

According to our forecast, the debt/EBITDA ratio
(defined as the ratio of the total financial debt to
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization = debt/EBITDA) should have been around
3.0 by the end of 2015. In actual fact, we achieved an
even better figure of 2.7 as at the reporting date.

The number of employees at Fresenius Medical
Care (calculated on the basis of full-time equivalents)

increased from 99,895 at the end of 2014 to 104,033 at
the end of 2015. It therefore came very close to our
forecast of around 105,000 employees. The Company's
organic growth and acquisitions contributed to the
increase in the number of employees compared with
the previous year.

Research and development expenditures aimed
at boosting Fresenius Medical Care's ability to adapt
to future requirements amounted to $140M, precisely
meeting our target. Our research and development
activities are focused on further developing existing
product groups on an ongoing basis. Details can be
found in the “Research and Development” chapter
starting on page 55.

The dialysis market developed as we antici-
pated: The number of patients worldwide grew by
around 6%. As expected, there were no significant
changes compared to the previous year concerning
the allocation of dialysis patients to different treat-
ment methods. Hemodialysis continued to be by far
the most important method used to treat chronic
kidney failure in 2015. For further information, see
the “Sector-specific Environment” section starting on
page 62.

-—— TARGETS AND RESULTS T.2.36
Results 2015 adjusted for

Results 2015 net settlement expense Targets 2015

Growth in revenue 6% ($16.74 BN) 5-7%

Growth in operating income (EBIT) 3% ($2.3BN) 6% ($2.4BN) Moderate growth

Growth in net income? ~2% ($1.03 BN) 2% ($1.07 BN) 0-5%

In line with the

expected development

Growth in earnings per share’ -2% 1% of net income

Earnings-oriented

Dividend €0.80? per share (+3%) dividend policy

Capital expenditures $0.9BN ~$1.0BN

Acquisitions and equity investments $0.1BN $0.3BN
Cash flow from operating

activities in % of net revenue 11.7% >10%

Free cash flow in % of net revenue 6.1% >4%

Debt/EBITDA ratio 28 27 ~3.0

Employees? 104,033 ~ 105,000

Research and development expenditures $140M ~$140M

* Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.
Proposal to be voted on by the Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2016.
Calculated on the basis of full-time equivalents


--- Page 41 ---

MANAGEMENT'S GENERAL
ASSESSMENT OF BUSINESS
PERFORMANCE

In a challenging environment, 2015 was a positive year
for Fresenius Medical Care. Despite highly negative
currency translation effects and a difficult reimburse-
ment situation in the u.s., we met our targets and
continued to grow. Compared with 2014, we man-
aged to increase our revenue by 6% to $16.74BN, set-
ting a new record.

For Fresenius Medical Care, 2015 was particular-
ly characterized by strong organic growth in North
America and the out-of-court settlement in principle
in a product liability case. Success in our product busi-
ness in the first half of the year as well as non-recur-
ring effects from the divestiture of the services busi-
ness in Venezuela and the sale of marketing rights for
specific drugs for treating kidney diseases in Europe
affected our business outside North America. More
information can be found in the “Events Significant
for Business Development” section starting on page 68.

In 2015, we also continued to enhance our Care
Coordination operations. This expansion requires
time and investment as well as an extensive under-
standing of the market dynamics. A current example
is our largest market, the u.s. In the new u.s. reim-
bursement system, health care service providers are
increasingly being paid for the overall treatment out-
come rather than for individual units of care delivered.
In our core business and with the expansion of our
Care Coordination operations, we have been prepar-
ing for this switch for some time to ensure that we
have the requisite structures in place. With our many
years of experience in the dialysis market, we are
uniquely placed to use this development as a long-
term opportunity.

To boost our profitability in the years ahead, we
continued to pursue our Global Efficiency Program in
2015, making further cost savings. We still expect to
achieve our target by the end of 2016 and increase
savings to $300M before tax.

In addition, we continued our investment activ-
ities at an undiminished pace. We invested around

$900M in 2015, mainly in equipping existing and new
dialysis clinics, preserving and expanding production
capacity and in the area of Care Coordination.

Our strategic decisions and activities in 2015
have set the course for the future. Fresenius Medical
Care stands on strong foundations. We aim to build
on these in the next few years.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION,
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

The financial year 2015 was in line with our expecta-
tions: We achieved good results despite challenging
market conditions.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Revenue

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care in-
creased its revenue by 6% to $16.74 BN, corresponding
to an 11% growth rate in constant currency terms.
Organic revenue growth amounted to 6%, with ac-
quisitions excluding sales and closures of clinics and
other business units accounting for five percentage
points of revenue growth. Health care services reve-
nue rose by 9% (+13% on a constant currency basis)
to $13.39BN. Dialysis product revenue fell by 7% to
$3.35BN in 2015. This was due to negative currency
translation effects in the three international seg-
ments. In constant currency terms, dialysis product
revenue rose by 4%. At the end of 2015, we operated
3,418 dialysis clinics, 2% more than at the end of 2014.
We treated 294,381 dialysis patients by the end of the
year, an increase of 3%. The number of treatments
rose by 4% to around 44.60 in the year under review.

Revenue in North America, still our most im-
portant segment with a share of 71%, was $11.81BN in
2015, 13% more than the $10.50BN generated in the

71

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 42 ---

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

previous year. Organic revenue growth amounted to — to 7%, with acquisitions excluding sales and closures
6%, with acquisitions accounting for seven percent- _ of clinics and other business units having a positive
age points. Health care services revenue increased by _ effect of two percentage points. Health care services
13.2% to $10.93BN in 2015 (2014: $9.66BN). Of this revenue outside North America was down 5% on the
amount, $9.05BN were attributable to dialysis ser- previous year to $2.46 BN. In constant currency terms,
vices, up 5% compared to last year. The remaining _ this represents an increase of 12%. Dialysis product
$1.88BN stemmed from Care Coordination revenue __ revenue fell by 9% to $2.44BN in 2015, corresponding
with an increase of 81% compared to 2014. Dialysis to 6% organic growth in constant currency terms.
product revenue grew organically by 4% to $881M In the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
(2014: $845 M). region, revenue declined by 14% to $2.63 BN in the last
Revenue outside North America (international —_ financial year. In constant currency terms, revenue
segments) fell by 7% (+9% in constant currency rose by 3%. It accounted for 16% of total revenue
terms) to $4.90 BN in 2015. Organic growth amounted = (2014: 20%). By the end of 2015, we were treating

-—— REVENUE BY SEGMENT 7.2.37
inSM
Acquisitions
Exchange Organic net of
2015 2014 Change rate effects growth —_ divestments

North America

Dialysis products 881 845 4% 0% 4% 0%
Health care services 10,932 9,655 13% 0% 7% 6%
of which dialysis services 9,050 8,616 5% 0% 5% 0%
of which Care Coordination 1,882 1,039 81% 0% 25% 56%
» TOTAL 11,813 10,500 13% 0% 6% 7%

Europe, Middle East and Africa

Dialysis products 1,403 1,634 -14% -17% 3% 0%
Health care services 1,226 1,438 -15% -18% 4% -1%
» TOTAL 2,629 3,072 -14% -17% 3% 0%
Asia-Pacifc

Dialysis products 835 788 6% -7% 11% 2%
Health care services 667 569 17% -13% 5% 25%
» TOTAL 1,502 1,357 11% -9% 9% 11%

Latin America

Dialysis products 199 248 -19% -23% 6% -2%
Health care services 567 588 -4% -21% 20% -3%
» TOTAL 766 836 -8% -21% 16% -3%
Worldwide

Dialysis products' 3,346 3,582 -7% -11% 5% -1%
Health care services 13,392 12,250 9% -4% 7% 6%
» TOTAL 16,738 15,832 6% -5% 6% 5%

Including revenue generated by corporate functions of $28 M for 2015 and $67 M for 2014.


--- Page 43 ---

54,857 patients in 659 dialysis facilities in this region.
This was 2,009 patients or 4% more than 12 months
previously. In 2015, we generated revenue of $1.23 BN
from health care services, down 15% on the preceding
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue was up
3%. Dialysis product revenue amounted to $1.40 BN,
down 14% year-on-year. In constant currency terms,
we also posted revenue growth of 3%.

Asia-Pacific recorded an increase in revenue of
11% to $1.50 BN. This corresponds to revenue growth
of 20% based on constant currencies. This figure ac-
counted for 9% of total revenue and therefore re-
mained unchanged from the previous year. Health
care services revenue rose by 17% (+30% on a con-
stant currency basis) to $667M. Dialysis product

revenue increased by 6% (+13% on a constant curren-
cy basis) to $835 mM. By the end of 2015, we were treat-
ing more than 26,000 patients in 320 dialysis facilities
in this region.

Revenue in Latin America fell by 8% to $766M;
based on constant currencies, it grew by 13%. This
accounted for 4% of total revenue, down from 5% in
the previous year. At $567M, health care services rev-
enue was below the previous year’s level of $588M.
In constant currency terms, revenue rose by 17%. We
generated revenue of $199m from dialysis products,
19% less than in the previous year. Based on constant
currencies, it grew by 4%. By the end of 2015, more
than 30,000 patients were receiving dialysis treatment
in the 229 clinics in this business region.

PATIENTS 7.2.38
2015 2014 Change
North America 182,852 176,203 4%
Europe, Middle East and Africa 54,857 52,848 4%
Asia-Pacifc 26,472 25,278 5%
Latin America 30,200 31,983 -6%
>» TOTAL 294,381 286,312 3%

-—— TREATMENTS 7.2.39

inM

2015 2014 Change
North America 27.69 26.61 4%
Europe, Middle East and Africa 8.21 8.05 2%
Asia-Pacifc 3.79 3.27 16%
Latin America 4.91 4.81 2%
>» TOTAL 44.60 42.74 4%

CLINICS T.2.40
2015 2014 Change
North America 2,210 2,162 2%
Europe, Middle East and Africa 659 635 4%
Asia-Pacifc 320 317 1%
Latin America 229 247 7%
» TOTAL 3,418 3,361 2%

73

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 44 ---

74

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Earnings

Gross profit
Gross profit in 2015 amounted to $5.33 BN, Up 7% Com-
pared to 2014. The gross profit margin grew from 31.6
to 31.9%. The higher margin was largely based on
lower costs for disposable products, particularly as a
result of a reduction in the cost of erythropoietin-
stimulating substances (ESA) in North America. By
contrast, the margin in Latin America decreased due
to higher (production) costs due to inflation and was
partly offset by positive exchange-rate effects.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
rose by 10% to $2.90 BN (2014: $2.64BN) and from 16.7
to 17.3% as a percentage of revenue. This develop-
ment stemmed from cost increases in percentage of
revenue, mainly in Latin America where it was driven
by the impact of the loss from the divestment of the
service business in Venezuela and in Asia-Pacific due
to unfavorable foreign exchange effects. In the EMEA
region, on the other hand, costs decreased, large-
ly caused by a gain from the sale of our European
marketing rights for certain renal pharmaceuticals.
In addition, varying margins in all four business seg-
ments generated a positive effect.

Research and development expenses were
$140 M, up on the previous year’s figure of $122 M.

Operating income (EBIT)
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) rose by 3%
in 2015 to $2.33BN, compared with $2.25BN in the
previous year. The operating margin fell from 14.2 to
13.9%. This was due to the higher share of revenue of
selling and administrative expenses. However, it was
partially offset by an increase in the gross profit mar-
gin. Operating income excluding non-recurring ef-
fects — excluding net expenses from the basic out-of-
court settlement in a product liability case (see the
“Events Significant for Business Development” section
starting on page 68 ANd note 19 in the “Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements” on page 190), the negative effect
from the sale of the services business in Venezuela,

the positive effect from the sale of European market-
ing rights for certain renal pharmaceuticals and
the negative effect of the closure of production
plants in 2014 — rose by 5% to $2.39BN, compared
with $2.27BN in 2014.

In North America, operating income was up 9%
to $1.80BN in 2015. The operating margin decreased
from 15.6% in 2014 to 15.2% in 2015.

Outside North America, operating income fell
by 5% to $923M in 2015. The operating margin grew
from 18.4 to 18.9%. Table 2.41 on page 75 provides a de-
tailed overview of operating income by region.

Delivered EBIT
As a result of the increase in noncontrolling interests
in our business operations, we have included operat-
ing earnings net of noncontrolling interests (Deliv-
ered EBIT) in our reporting as an additional perfor-
mance indicator.

In 2015, Delivered EBIT remained virtually un-
changed compared to the previous year at $2.04 BN.

Net interest
Net interest expenses in 2015 amounted to $391M, af-
ter $411M in 2014. This development was mainly due
to favorable effects from converting the interest ex-
penses of euro-denominated bonds to u.s. dollars as
well as to interest income from the early repayment
of interest-bearing financial investments (see note 7 in
the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on
page 165). In addition, the adjustment of our 2012 cred-
it agreement had a negative impact on the previous
year’s figures. The increase in the average debt level
had the opposite effect.

Further details on our financial situation can be
found starting on page 77.

Tax rate
Income tax expense in the year under review amount-
ed to $623 M, compared with $584m in 2014. This cor-
responds to an effective tax rate of 32.1%, after 31.7%
in 2014.


--- Page 45 ---

Net income
Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA fell by 2% to $1.03 BN in
2015, compared with $1.05 BN in 2014.

Net income excluding net expenses from the
out-of-court settlement in principle in a product lia-
bility case of $60 M before tax and $37™M after tax, the
negative effect ($27™M after tax) from the sale of the
dialysis services business in Venezuela, the positive
effect ($11M after tax) from the sale of our European
marketing rights for specific drugs for the treatment
of kidney diseases, and the negative effect ($13 M af-
ter tax) from the closure of production sites on net
income in 2014 rose by 2% in 2015 from $1.06BN to
$1.08 BN. For more information see chart 2.42 on page 76.

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share (EPs) fell by 2% in 2015 to
$3.38, compared with $3.46 in 2014. The average
weighted number of shares outstanding in 2015 was
around 304.4M (2014: 302.3M). This increase stems
from exercising stock options. Details on how earnings
per share are derived can be found in the “Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements” starting on page 148.

Performance indicators for
Care Coordination in North America

In 2015, we defined new performance indicators for the
North America region. These relate to u.s. health care
programs in which we are involved and with which we
intend to make statements on our business develop-
ment in the area of Care Coordination in the region —
see chart 2.44 on page 77. Further information on the
programs concerned can be found in the “Events Sig-
nificant for Business Development” section starting on
page 68.

;-—— OPERATING INCOME (EBIT) AND DELIVERED EBIT 7.2.41
inSM
2015 2014 Change

North America

EBIT 1,798 1,643 9%

Delivered EBIT 1,524 1,436 6%
Europe, Middle East and Africa

EBIT 577 590 -2%

Delivered EBIT 574 587 -2%
Asia-Pacifc

EBIT 298 279 7%

Delivered EBIT 291 274 6%
Latin America

EBIT 48 101 -52%

Delivered EBIT 48 101 -53%
Corporate functions

EBIT (394) (358) 10%

Delivered EBIT (394) (358) 10%
» TOTAL

EBIT 2,327 2,255 3%

Delivered EBIT 2,043 2,040 0%

75

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 46 ---

76

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

» Member months under medical cost manage-
ment: This is calculated by multiplying the number
of patients included in value-based reimburse-
ment programs such as Medicare Advantage or
other value-based programs in the u.s. by the
corresponding number of months they have been
members of these programs (“member months”).
In the aforementioned programs, we assume the
risk associated with generating savings. If the
number of participating patients rises, this can
impact our results.

» Medical cost under management: This relates to
the management of medical costs associated with
our patient membership in value and risk-based
programs.

» Care Coordination patient encounters: This is the
sum of all encounters and procedures completed
during a certain period by Sound Physicians, Med-
Spring Urgent Care, Fresenius Vascular Care, and
National Cardiovascular Partners as well as the
corresponding figures relating to patients in our
Fresenius Medical Care Rx Bone Mineral Metabo-

lism program.
-—— RECONCILIATION TO NET INCOME" C.2.42
in$M

Sales for

our europ.
Net marketing Net
income Net rights or income
Granuflo® pre. settle income certain adjusted
Net Net income agree- ment incl. Acqui- base for Acqui- _Divesti- renal for
income 2015 mentin acqui- sitions guidance sitions tures pharma- one-time
2014 reported principle sitions 2015 2016 2015 Venezuela ceuticals effects

1,045,
1,000

* Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.

-—— ABRIDGED STATEMENT OF INCOME 1.2.43
in$M

2015 2014 Change
Revenue 16,738 15,832 6%
Cost of revenue 11,407 10,836 5%
> GROSS PROFIT 5,331 4,996 7%
in % of revenue 31,9 31,6
> OPERATING INCOME (EBIT) 2,327 2,255 3%
Interest expenses, net 391 4a 5%
> EARNINGS BEFORE TAXES 1,936 1,844 5%
> NET INCOME?

1,029 1,045 -2%

* Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co.

KGaA.


--- Page 47 ---

Status of incoming orders

Eighty percent of Fresenius Medical Care’s business
model involves regular services that are not deter-
mined by project-related incoming orders. Product
business, which chiefly consists of single-use prod-
ucts, is mainly characterized by consistent long-term
demand rather than project-related orders. For these
reasons, the order volume is not an informative indi-
cator for the earnings development of Fresenius
Medical Care.

FINANCIAL SITUATION

Our investment and financing strategy did not change
significantly in the last financial year. This is also due
to our business model, which allows us a more con-
sistent and higher level of debt than may be the case
in other industries in view of stable, high cash flows.
We still regard our refinancing options as being very
stable and flexible. In the year under review, our in-
vesting activities were again focused on our health
care services business.

Principles and objectives
of financial management

Besides optimizing our financial costs, ensuring finan-
cial flexibility takes top priority in Fresenius Medical
Care’s financing strategy. The Company remains flex-
ible by using a wide range of financial instruments
and guaranteeing a high level of diversification with
regard to our investors and banks. Our financing pro-
file is characterized by a wide spread of maturities up
to 2024.

Our main financing instrument is the syndicated
credit agreement with revolving credit facilities and
long-term loans in u.s. dollars and euros. We also use

North America

a range of other medium-term and long-term financ-
ing instruments, particularly bonds in u.s. dollars and
euros as well as an equity-neutral convertible bond.
Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care has sufficient
financing flexibility in the form of credit facilities, an
accounts receivable securitization program and, since
January 2016, a commercial paper program (see note 9
in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements”
starting on page 166). These instruments enable us to bor-
row funds at short notice as required.

We intend to continue to meet our current cash
and cash equivalents and financing requirements
from net cash provided by operating activities, exist-
ing and future credit agreements as well as the issue
of commercial papers (see note 9 in the Notes to Con-
solidated Financial Statements starting on page 166) and
bonds. In addition, we expect to secure the funds
required for acquisitions or other purposes by suc-
cessfully concluding long-term financing, for example
by issuing bonds. We also aim to maintain our finan-
cial flexibility with a target of at least $500 mM in com-
mitted and unutilized credit facilities.

Our main financing needs in 2016 comprise the
repayment of bonds, quarterly payments in the con-
text of the 2012 credit agreement and dividend pay-
ments amounting to an estimated $244 in May 2016.
We assume that these payments and the expected
capital expenditures on property, plant and equip-
ment as well as acquisitions and equity investments
will be covered by the cash flow, the credit facilities
currently in place and, if necessary, additional borrow-
ing. Our obligations arising from the financing agree-
ments currently give us enough flexibility to meet our
short-term financing requirements. In general, we
assume that we will also have sufficient funds to
reach our objectives and growth targets in the future.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus
primarily on our leverage ratio, defined as the debt/
EBITDA ratio. This compares our total financial debt

;-—— KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS IN CARE COORDINATION 7.2.44

2015 2014 Change

Member months under medical cost management 208,933 15,853 1,218%
Medical cost under management in $ M 1,660 122 1,255%
Care Coordination patient encounters 5,005,695 1,818,170 175%

77

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 48 ---

78

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

with our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA).

Although we are not immune to the global fi-
nancial crisis, we believe that we are well-placed to
continuously expand our business while fulfilling our
financial obligations in the event of maturity. Due to
the ongoing demand for our health care services and
dialysis products, and the fact that we receive most
of our reimbursements for health care services from
state health care organizations, our business is gen-
erally non-cyclical. A substantial portion of our ac-
counts receivable are generated by government enti-
ties. While payment and collection practices vary not
only between countries but also between individual
authorities in a country, governmental payors are usu-
ally associated with a low to moderate credit risk. At
the end of 2015, the debt/EBITDA ratio was 2.8. Further
information on this can be found in the “Strategy,
Objectives and Corporate Management” chapter start-
ing on page 39 and in the Outlook starting on page 97.

Credit rating

In January of the year under review, Standard & Poor's
Ratings Services increased Fresenius Medical Care’s
corporate credit rating from “BB+” to “BBB—” and
gave a “stable” outlook. Moody's continued to rate
the Company “Ba1” with a “stable” outlook. In ad-
dition, the ratings agency Fitch confirmed our cor-
porate credit rating of “BB+” and gave a “positive”
outlook.

Relevance of off-balance-sheet
financing instruments for our financial
situation and assets and liabilities

Fresenius Medical Care is not involved in any off-
balance-sheet transactions that would be likely to
materially affect the Company’s financial situation,
profit and loss position, liquidity, investments, assets
or capitalization.

-—— MAJOR FINANCING INSTRUMENTS 7.2.45

Amount in M Coupon Maturity
Credit agreement for revolving credit facility in $ $1,000 - October 30, 2019
Credit agreement for revolving credit facility in € €400 = October 30, 2019
Credit agreement, term loan A in $ $2,300 - October 30, 2019
Credit agreement, term loan A in € €276 = October 30, 2019
Accounts receivable facility $800 - November 24, 2017
Senior notes 2010-2016 €250 5.50% July 15, 2016
Senior notes 2011-2016 €100 3-month Euribor October 15, 2016

+3.50%

Senior notes 2007-2017 $500 6.875% July 15, 2017
Senior notes 2011-2018 $400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2011-2018 €400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2012-2019 €250 5.25% July 31, 2019
Senior notes 2012-2019 $800 5.625% July 31, 2019
Equity-neutral convertible bonds 2014-2020" €400 1.125% January 31, 2020
Senior notes 2014-2020 $500 4.125% October 15, 2020
Senior notes 2011-2021 $650 5.75% — February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2011-2021 €300 5.25% — February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2012-2022 $700 5.875% January 31, 2022
Senior notes 2014-2024 $400 4.75% October 15, 2024

* Concurrently with the bond issuance, Fresenius Medical Care has purchased call options (cash-settled) on its shares to off-set in full the economic exposure
from a potential exercise of the conversion rights embedded in the bonds. Therefore, the instrument will not result in the issuance of new shares upon con-
version. A dilution of Fresenius Medical Care's share capital through issuance of new shares in connection with this transaction is ruled out.


--- Page 49 ---

Liquidity analysis

Our main sources of liquidity are net cash provided
by operating activities, short-term financial liabilities
to third parties and associated companies, and in-
come from the issue of long-term debt and shares.
We use this liquidity primarily to:

finance our working capital,

fund acquisitions and joint ventures,

develop independent dialysis clinics and other

health care facilities,
> purchase equipment for existing or new dialysis

clinics and production sites,

repay debt,

pay dividends and buy back shares.

19" consecutive dividend increase

The Management Board and Supervisory Board will
propose the 19" consecutive dividend increase to the
Annual General Meeting: The recommended dividend
per share represents an increase from €0.78 for 2014
to €0.80 for 2015. The total dividend payout is expect-
ed to amount to approximately €244 M (2014: €237M).
For further information on the dividend, please refer
to the “Dividend Continuity” section on page 24.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions

In 2015, Fresenius Medical Care spent $1.00 BN on cap-
ital expenditures, acquisitions and the purchase of
intangible assets minus income from divestments. Of
this amount, $498 M was spent on the North America
region, $135M on the EMEA region, $49M on Asia-
Pacific, $47M on Latin America and $272 M on corpo-
rate functions.

Total net capital expenditures on property, plant
and equipment amounted to $935, up from $920M
in 2014. The majority of capital expenditures were
used for equipping existing and new clinics, preserv-
ing and expanding production capacity, primarily in
North America, Germany, France, Colombia and Ma-
laysia, as well as for dialysis machines made available
to customers and for Care Coordination. Capital ex-
penditures on property, plant and equipment amount-
ed to almost 6% of overall revenue, roughly on a par
with the previous year.

In addition to the above-mentioned capital
expenditures on property, plant and equipment, we
used funds for acquisitions, equity investments and
purchasing intangible assets. Capital expenditures in
North America mainly comprised financial assets
available for sale, the purchase of dialysis clinics and
loan receivables to an associated company. Capital
expenditures in the EMEA region mainly related to
the purchase of dialysis clinics and capital contribu-
tions to an associated company. Capital expendi-
tures in the Asia-Pacific region largely consisted of
the acquisition of a distributor. By contrast, income
was raised, for example, through the repayment of
a loan with the nature of a financial investment
in the form of a credit facility (see note7 in the “Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 165),
repayment of a loan granted to an associated com-
pany in 2014, and the sale of European market rights
for specific drugs for treating kidney diseases. table
2.47 and chart 2.48 on page 80 Show the regional breakdown
of capital expenditures.

Expansion activities accounted for 48% of cap-
ital expenditures, while 52% went on maintaining
existing production sites and dialysis clinics.

-—— CREDIT RATING 7.2.46
Company rating Outlook Financial liabilities
Secured Unsecured
2015 2014 2013 2015, 2015 2015
Standard & Poor's BBB- BB+ BB+ Stable BBB- BB+
Moody's Bal Bal Bal Stable Baa3 Ba2
Fitch BB+ BB+ BB+ Stable BBB- BB+

79

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 50 ---

80

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Cash flow analysis

Our consolidated statement of cash flows gives an
insight into how our Company has generated and
used cash and cash equivalents. In conjunction with
the other main components of the consolidated
financial statements, the consolidated statement of
cash flows provides information that helps to assess
the changes to our net assets and our financial struc-
ture (including liquidity and solvency).

The cash flow from operating activities is used
to assess whether a company can generate the funds
required to finance replacement and expansion invest-
ments. The indicator “net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in percent of revenue” shows what
percentage of revenue is available in the form of funds.

Net cash provided by operating activities is im-
pacted by the profitability of our business and the

inSM

-—— NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND ACQUISITIONS BY SEGMENT 7.2.47

development of our working capital, primarily inven-
tories and receivables.

The days sales outstanding (Dso), in other
words the number of days before customers settle
outstanding invoices of Fresenius Medical Care, de-
creased by a further day in the year under review
from a total of 72 days as at the end of 2014 to a total
of 71 days as at the end of 2015.

Public health institutions in numerous countries
outside the u.s. require a significant length of time
until payment is made because a substantial number
of payors are government entities whose payments
are often determined by local laws and regulations
and budget constraints. Table 2.49 on page 81 Shows DSO
by region.

The bso increase in the North America segment
is due to payment delays following the implement-
ation of the BPci program, which resulted in certain

Of which
acquisitions/
Of which intangible assets

» TOTAL 1,001

property, plant and other capital Of which

2015 and equipment expenditures divestments 2014

North America 498 480 229 au 1,996
Europe, Middle East and Africa 135 112 54 31 209
Asia-Pacifc 49 36 13 0 128
Latin America 47 46 1 0 70
Corporate functions 272 261 20 9 287
935 317 251 2,690

12%

Europe, Middle East and Africa
4%

Asia-Pacifc

28%
Corporate functions

5%
Latin America

-—— NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES ON PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT BY REGION — c. 2.48 —_

51%
North America



--- Page 51 ---

subsidiary entities changing their legal name, requiring
the introduction of new billing numbers. The decrease
in Dso in the Asia-Pacific segment reflects an im-
provement in payment collections in China and the
takeover of a distributor. The rise in Dso in the Latin
America segment stems from increased sales in the
region coupled with periodic delays in payment by
public health care organizations in certain countries.

Because we receive most of our reimbursements
from government health organizations and private
insurance companies, we assume that most of our
receivables are collectable.

In the year under review, we achieved a free
cash flow of $1.02BN, compared to $0.94BN in 2014.
Accounting for payments for acquisitions (net of di-
vestitures) of $66 M (2014: $1.77 BN), our free cash flow
after acquisitions and divestitures was $959M, com-
pared to $-829m in the previous year.

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Balance sheet structure analysis

The Company's total assets remained virtually un-
changed from the previous year at $25.53 BN (2014:
$25.38 BN). On a constant currency basis, they rose by
4% to $26.42 BN.

Non-current assets amounted to $18.55BN at
the end of 2015, compared to $18.66 BN at the end of
2014. This corresponds to approximately 73% of the
Company's total assets. They include goodwill of
$13.03 BN (2014: $13.08 BN), primarily from the founda-
tion of Fresenius Medical Care in 1996, the acquisition
of Renal Care Group, Inc. in 2006 and the acquisition
of Liberty Dialysis Holdings, Inc. in 2012 as well as
further acquisitions in previous years. Property, plant
and equipment increased by 4% to $3.43BN in the

;-—— DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING 7.2.49
in days, December 31
2015 2014 Change
North America 53 50 3
Europe, Middle East and Africa 104 104 0
Asia-Pacifc 113 124 -11
Latin America 141 128 13
» TOTAL 71 72
_— ABBREVIATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW* 7.2.50
insM
2015 2014 Change
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 634 683 -7%
Net cash provided by operating activities 1,960 1,861 5%
Net cash provided by investing activities (1,001) (2,690) 63%
Net cash provided by financing activities (1,008) 805 -
Exchange rate-related changes in cash and cash equivalents (35) (25) -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 550 634 -13%
Free cash flow 1,025 941 9%
1 More details can be found in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement starting on page 144.
;-—— NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES c.2.51
insM
2015 1,960
2014 1,861

81

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 52 ---

82

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

year under review, largely as a result of capital expen-
ditures. Further information on this can be found in
the “Financial Situations” section starting on page 77.

Current assets amounted to $6.98 BN at the end
of 2015, compared with $6.72 BN in the previous year.
The increase in current assets stems from larger in-
ventories, mainly as a result of higher stocks of dis-
posable products, particularly esas, an increase in
trade receivables and other current assets. The in-
crease in other current assets largely results from the
rise in insurance reimbursement claims in connection
with the basic settlement regarding the NaturaLyte®
and GranuFlo® cases and from the financial assets
available for sale, partly offset by a decrease in tax
refund claims and the receivables in the context of
the Medicare and Medicaid programs.

On the liabilities side of the balance sheet, eq-
uity was up 5% to $10.50BN at the end of 2015. This
increase was mainly attributable to earnings after
income tax as well as cash inflows from exercising
stock options. It was countered by foreign-currency
translation effects, dividend payments and the

fair-value measurement of noncontrolling interests
subject to put provisions. The equity ratio rose by one
percentage point year-on-year to 41%.

At $15.04BN, liabilities were 2% (+1 in constant
currency terms) down on the previous year’s figure of
$15.35BN. This total includes the respective noncon-
trolling interests with put options. Financial liabilities
amounted to $8.65BN, Compared to $9.47BN in 2014.
Current financial liabilities accounted for $0.79 BN of
this figure (2014: $0.45 BN). This increase largely stems
from the rise in the current component of the senior
notes. Non-current financial liabilities amounted to
$7.86BN in 2015, compared to $9.02BN in 2014. This
decrease was mainly a result of the partial repayment
of drawings under the accounts receivable facility, the
quarterly repayment of the Amended 2012 credit
agreement and the reclassification of the before men-
tioned current portion of our senior notes. The finan-
cial liabilities included 73% posted in u.s. dollars,
compared with 72% in 2014. For further information,
see the Consolidated Balance Sheet starting on page 142.

-—— BALANCE-SHEET STRUCTURE T.2.52
in$M
Share of Share of
2015 total assets 2014 total assets
Assets

Non-current assets" 18,549 73% 18,663 74%
Current assets" 6,984 27% 6,718 26%
Of which receivables 3,503 14% 3,397 13%
Of which inventories 1,341 5% 1,116 4%
Of which other assets 2,140 8% 2,205 9%
> TOTAL ASSETS 25,533 100% 25,381 100%

Equity and liabilities
Equity 10,496 41% 10,028 40%
Liabilities' 15,037 59% 15,353 60%
Of which non-current liabilities '? 10,852 43% 11,876 47%
Of which current liabilities 4,185 16% 3,477 13%

> TOTAL EQUITY
AND LIABILITIES 25,533 100% 25,381 100%

1 After value adjustments on receivables from provision of health care services.
2 Including noncontrolling interests with put options.


--- Page 53 ---

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Risk and opportunities manage-
ment is an integral component
of management and control
at Fresenius Medical Care. The
Company’s risk and oppor-
tunities profile has not changed

antly compared to the
previous year. There are no dis-
cernible risks that could jeop-
ardize the continued existence

of the Company.

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES
MANAGEMENT

As a manufacturer and service provider with global
operations, we are naturally exposed to risks associ-
ated with our entrepreneurial activities. Ultimately, we
can only take advantage of opportunities that arise
for our business if we are willing to take certain risks.
Thanks to our many years of experience and our ex-
tensive knowledge of the markets, we are able to
uncover and realistically assess risks and opportunities.

We see risk management as the ongoing task
of promptly identifying, determining and analyzing
the spectrum of risks within our business operations
and our sector that could jeopardize the growth or
the continued existence of Fresenius Medical Care,
assessing their influence on business activities and,
where possible, taking corrective measures. We use
our risk management system as the basis for these
activities.

In addition, we ensure the Company's long-
term success through our opportunity management.
The aim here is to identify opportunities for the
Company as soon as possible, assess them and ini-
tiate suitable measures to translate them into com-
mercial success for Fresenius Medical Care. We take
long-term and medium-term opportunities into
account in our strategy and budget planning. Op-
portunities that are feasible in the short-term are
used for our ongoing business operations, provided
that they are commercially viable and in line with
our objectives.

RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Risk management is part of Fresenius Medical Care’s
integrated management system. Opportunities are
not covered by the risk management system.

The two pillars of our risk management system
are the corporate controlling function, which serves
to identify and manage short-term risks, and the in-
ternal risk monitoring system, which is used in partic-
ular for identifying and managing mid- to long-term
risks. In the risk monitoring system, regional risk co-
ordinators are responsible for finding, assessing and
managing potential as well as existing industry and
market-related risks in their region and reporting
them to the regional chief financial officers. Twice a
year, the regional CFOs send their aggregated risk
management reports to the central risk management
coordinator, who consolidates them and passes them
on to the Management Board. The main focus is on
material risks with a total negative impact of €25 M or
more in relation to operating income (EBIT). The Man-
agement Board is informed directly and immediately
of any newly identified significant risks (for risk re-
porting see chart 2.53 on page 84). The effectiveness of the
risk management system is monitored by the Audit
and Corporate Governance Committee of the Super-
visory Board. More information is available in the
“Report of the Supervisory Board” starting on page 103 and
in the “Declaration on Corporate Governance” starting
on page 108.

Standard reporting to management is another
important tool for controlling risks, as well as for tak-
ing preventive measures promptly. Therefore, the Man-
agement Board of Fresenius Medical Care is informed
on a monthly basis about the industry situation, our
operating and non-operating business, and the out-
come of analyses of our earnings and financial position,
as well as of our assets position on a quarterly basis.

A further element of the risk management sys-
tem is our Internal Audit department, which is regu-
larly informed about the results of the internal risk
monitoring system. Each year, it examines selected
departments and group companies worldwide on the
basis of the internationally recognized standards de-
fined by the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA). The
Internal Audit department covers a wide spectrum
including aspects such as the efficiency of controls in
business processes, the reliability of financial report-
ing and compliance with accounting regulations and
internal policies. Which of the Company's locations
and units are to be audited is determined annually
on the basis of a selection model. In 2015, a total of

83

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 54 ---

84

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

50 audits were carried out at Fresenius Medical Care's
sites, including international ones.

Nevertheless it is important to note that even a
functioning and adequate risk management system
like the one in place at Fresenius Medical Care cannot
guarantee that all risks are identified and controlled.

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (ICS)

Fresenius Medical Care’s ics for financial reporting
ensures that the Company complies with applicable
accounting standards. An internal reporting process
that is generally carried out at four levels ensures that
financial data and key figures are reliably recorded,
processed and controlled. At each of these reporting
levels — the local entity, the region, the segment and
the entire group — the figures and data are compared
regularly on a monthly and quarterly basis with the
previous year's values, budget targets and the latest
projections, and discussed in detail. Finally, in addi-
tion to the Management Board and the departments
responsible for preparing the annual and consolidat-
ed financial statements, the Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board an-
alyzes and evaluates current financial data.

-—— RISK REPORTING

Control mechanisms and compliance

Our Ics contains guidelines and instructions with the
aim of guaranteeing that all Fresenius Medical Care
transactions are accurately reported and significant
earnings and expenses are recorded only after man-
agement approval (dual-control principle).

Further control mechanisms to ensure reliable
financial reporting and correct recording of transac-
tions in accounting and the consolidation process
include system-supported and manual reconciliations,
as well as the separation of certain personnel func-
tions to prevent potential conflicts of interest. The
fact that all process owners assess the risks of their
respective processes in terms of their implications for
accounting also helps to ensure that risks with a di-
rect impact on financial reporting are identified and
controls are in place to minimize these risks. Changes
to accounting standards are discussed on an ongoing
basis within the Company and taken into consider-
ation when preparing the financial statements; em-
ployees responsible for financial reporting are also
given regular and extensive training on the subject.
Consolidation is performed centrally by the depart-
ment responsible for group accounting based on the
reporting packages and sub-group financial state-
ments submitted by the local group entities.

C.2.53

Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of Supervisory Board

> | Management Board | <

ay

v

Corporate Controlling and Accounting | «

Risk management report Europe, Middle East and Africa
(EMEA), Latin America and Asia-Pacific segments

and Group Corporate

(aggregated status reports)

a

Risk management Europe, Middle East and Africa
“| (EMEA), Latin America and Asia-Pacific segments
and Group Corporate

Risk management report North America segment
(aggregated status reports)

4

Risk management North America segment LJ

-- Assessment of general and specific risks and identification of new risks; review and consolidation of risks in the risk management report

— Reporting and review of risk management report
— Ad hoc risk reporting (considerable new risks)
Reporting of risk management report


--- Page 55 ---

Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care has imple-
mented comprehensive quality management systems
and a compliance program, which are continuously
monitored. We aim to ensure that our business activ-
ities fully adhere to recognized standards as well as
local laws and regulations. An important element of
the compliance program is the Code of Conduct.
More information on this can be found in the “Com-
pliance” section starting on page 115.

Special control and
transparency requirements in the u.s.

As Fresenius Medical Care is also listed on the New
York Stock Exchange, it is subject to the requirements
of the u.s. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (sox). Section 404 of
this U.s. federal law stipulates that the management
boards of companies listed in the u.s. must take re-
sponsibility for implementing and adhering to an ap-
propriate ics to guarantee reliable financial reporting.
To this end, we review the appropriateness and effec-
tiveness of our Ics for financial reporting in regular
internal audits. All these criteria are also included in
the review by the Company's independent auditors.
To assess the effectiveness of our ics for finan-
cial reporting, we apply the coso model ~ see chart 2.54.
This was developed by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and is
recognized as a standard by the u.s. Securities and
Exchange Commission (sec). In accordance with the

coso model, Fresenius Medical Care’s Ics for financial
reporting is divided into five levels: control environ-
ment, risk assessment, control activities, information
and communication, as well as monitoring of the Ics.
Each of these levels is regularly documented, tested
and assessed. Fresenius Medical Care has aligned its
internal controls to fulfill the requirements of the
coso model in all respects.

Our review of the Ics for financial reporting
complies with a specific sec guideline (Commission
Guidance Regarding Management's Report on Inter-
nal Control Over Financial Reporting). Management
evaluates the effectiveness of the Ics for the current
fiscal year, consulting external advisers if necessary.
A corporate steering committee meets several times
a year to review changes to and new requirements of
the sox, discuss possible control deficiencies, and de-
rive measures. In addition, the Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board is
informed regularly in its meetings of management's
assessment of the effectiveness of the Ics.

As of December 31, 2015, the management as-
sessed Fresenius Medical Care’s ics for financial
reporting and deemed it effective.

Internal control systems for financial reporting
are subject to inherent limitations, no matter how
carefully they are designed. As a result, there is no
absolute assurance that financial reporting objectives
can be met, nor that misstatements will always be
prevented or detected.

Control activities" ——
Risk assessment’. ——
Control activities ——

Information and communication’. ——

-—— COSO-FRAMEWORK €.2.54
Compliance Operations Financial reporting
ff 4
ha a

— unit 1
onoringt — I MG nie

— Activity 1
— Activity 2

" Entity level controls

85

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 56 ---

86

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

RISK AREAS

Of all the risks to which the Company is exposed,
those that could significantly impact Fresenius
Medical Care’s financial situation, assets and liabilities
as things stand today are described below. Further
risks of which we are not yet aware could also ad-
versely affect our operating activities.

Region-specific risks

Fresenius Medical Care’s international business activ-
ities are subject to a number of political, legal and
financial risks, which we carefully monitor and assess.
We, our customers as well as private and government
health insurers rely on capital to transact business.
If access to capital via the financial markets is made
more difficult or expensive, this impairs our business
operations. We also conduct continuous and compre-
hensive analyses of country-specific risks with our
international markets in mind. These risks can stem
from political, social, or economic instability in indi-
vidual countries, for instance.

Industry-specific risks

Risks relating to changes in the health care market
are of major importance to Fresenius Medical Care.
Key factors in this respect are regulatory changes in
the health care sector as well as the development of
new products and treatments by competitors.

Strategic and competition risks
Fresenius Medical Care has numerous competitors in
the area of health care services as well as the sale of
dialysis products. There is the risk of a competitor
impairing our sales opportunities, thus causing us to
lose market share, or of our strategy failing to ac-
count for key trends in the market.

We counter this risk with our research and de-
velopment activities. Working closely with medical
and scientific communities enables us to identify and
enhance important technological and pharmaceutical
innovations at an early stage. These alliances also
guarantee that we have a high degree of knowledge
about recent advances in alternative treatment meth-
ods and allow us to adjust our corporate strategy as
required.

In addition, we comprehensively monitor and
analyze the market environment, the competitive sit-
uation and the legal conditions in the respective sec-
tors and regions. These include the market for gener-
ics and patented drugs for kidney patients, as
increased demand for these products can adversely
affect our business with pharmaceutical drugs. To this
end, we maintain strategic departments in-house that
identify and analyze relevant information relating to
our markets and communicate it within the Company
on a regular basis.

As a vertically integrated company, we also ben-
efit from direct contact with our patients and medical
staff. This proximity to the market means that we
have access to important information that allows us
to develop and offer products and treatments that
meet demand. Furthermore, we are consistently
pressing ahead with our programs to cut costs and
improve the efficiency of our processes to boost our
competitive position.

Risks arising from legal conditions
in the health care sector

Our health care services and our products are subject
to extensive government regulation in almost every
country in which we operate. In addition, we have to
comply with specific legal requirements in each coun-
try, including antitrust regulations. This applies to
areas including:

» the quality, safety and effectiveness of medical and
pharmaceutical products and precursors,

» the operation of production facilities, laboratories
and dialysis clinics,
labeling and advertising of products,
correct reporting and invoicing of reimbursements
from government and private health insurers,

» the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical
device products and the reporting of drug prices
to government authorities;

» the collection, dissemination, access, use, security
and privacy of protected health information; and

» remuneration for medical personnel as well as finan-
cial agreements with physicians and institutions
that arrange patient referrals.

Violating health regulations or other regulations
under public law can result in far-reaching legal
repercussions. These include in particular the loss or


--- Page 57 ---

suspension of federal certifications, penalties and
fines, increased costs for fulfilling regulatory require-
ments, exclusion from reimbursement programs of
the respective government health care system, or
even a total or partial ban on business operations.
To ensure that our products and services meet the
applicable quality requirements, we have introduced
quality management systems in the various regions.
In addition, we perform internal checks of our pro-
duction sites and clinics to ensure that they adhere
to the quality standards.

In the highly regulated environment in which
we operate, changes in the law, especially relating to
reimbursement, can also impact our business success
and the implementation of our strategy. The same is
true for health care reforms that could change the
reimbursement method for health care service pro-
viders.

In 2015, we generated much of our global rev-
enue from providing dialysis services that are reim-
bursed by the u.s. federal health insurance programs
Medicare and Medicaid. To receive the full reimburse-
ment rate granted under the lump-sum reimburse-
ment system, dialysis facilities must meet specific
quality standards. If Fresenius Medical Care fails to
meet them, this could adversely affect the Company's
revenue, financial situation and operating result. Fur-
thermore, government authorities can change the
requirements or conditions for participating in health
care programs as well as the methods used for calcu-
lating discounts and prices. This too could significant-
ly reduce our revenue and operating result. For this
reason, we monitor legislative activities and plans
very carefully and work closely with government
health care agencies.

Another portion of our revenue, also in the u.s.,
stems from reimbursements by non-governmental
insurers. So far, these reimbursement rates have often
been considerably higher than those of comparable
government programs in the respective countries.
However, non-governmental insurers could also
change the level of reimbursements for products and
services. We maintain close business relationships
with private health insurers, which we attempt to

secure by concluding contracts that are as long-term
as possible to ensure that our business remains prof-
itable and stable.

Details on changes in the reimbursement sys-
tem in the u.s., our most important market, can be
found in the “Structural and Legal Environment” sec-
tion on page 61.

Risks associated with operating activities

We are exposed to risks associated with operating
activities through manufacturing our products and
offering dialysis-related services.

Quality risks
Dialysis treatment and the use of the requisite prod-
ucts involve specific risks for patients, which could
have negative repercussions for Fresenius Medical
Care if they were to occur. In addition to national and
international standards and laws that set binding
safety standards for dialysis products, we have drawn
up in-house quality guidelines, some of which even
exceed the statutory requirements. Rigorous compli-
ance with all quality requirements is ensured primar-
ily by our extensive quality management systems,
which contain documented process and work instruc-
tions for the employees concerned. Moreover, we
perform internal checks of our production sites and
clinics to ensure that our dialysis products and health
care services adhere to quality standards. Our plants
and clinics are also subject to external checks by the
responsible regulatory bodies.

Our quality management encompasses environ-
mental management, as environmental resources are
used for manufacturing dialysis products and the
operation of dialysis clinics produces clinical waste.
More information on this can be found in the “Cor-
porate Responsibility” chapter starting on page 44.

Risks in research and development (R&D)
The risk of goals not being achieved or being achieved
much later than anticipated is inherent in the devel-
opment of new products and therapies. Comprehen-
sive, cost-intensive preclinical and clinical tests are

87

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 58 ---

88

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

required before regulatory approval is granted.
We systematically monitor, test and improve all prod-
ucts, packaging, applications and technologies. We
counter potential risks in the area of R&D by contin-
uously analyzing and assessing development trends
and examining whether R&D projects fit in with
Fresenius Medical Care’s overall strategy. For further
information, see the “Research and Development”
chapter starting on page 55.

Patent risks
One typical patent risk is inadequate protection for
technologies and products developed by Fresenius
Medical Care. This could result in competitors’ copy-
ing our products without incurring comparable devel-
opment costs. To mitigate this risk, we have installed
a comprehensive patent management with defined
processes, responsibilities and reporting lines.

Furthermore, there is the risk that Fresenius
Medical Care could infringe upon the patent of a
competitor and thus be liable for damages. This could
even result in a ban on further sales of the affected
product. We minimize this risk by systematically mon-
itoring and reviewing patent applications by compet-
itors as well as issued patents to ensure that our prod-
ucts do not violate the rights of third parties.

Risks in purchasing
As part of our purchasing strategy, we secure the
production capacity of established strategic suppliers
through long-term contracts on the one hand, and
build relationships with new, high-performing part-
ners on the other. At the same time, we generally rely
on at least two sources for all supply-critical and
price-critical primary products (dual sourcing, multi-
ple sourcing). This strategy, combined with continu-
ously monitoring market developments, enables us to
minimize the risk of bottleneck situations consider-
ably, even at times when the availability of materials
is limited. All relevant suppliers are subject to regular
company-wide performance and risk monitoring.

Fresenius Medical Care is exposed to market-
driven fluctuations in the price of raw materials.
By continuously conducting market analyses, shaping

supplier relations and contracts in accordance with
our needs, and reviewing the use of financial instru-
ments on a case-by-case basis, we are able to
counteract these fluctuations to a certain extent. By
intensifying cooperation between our procurement
teams in different regions, we can benefit from inter-
national price advantages and counter risks related
to currency fluctuations or dependencies on individ-
ual suppliers.

A further risk relates to low-quality raw materi-
als, semi-finished goods and components that we
procure externally. We source only high-quality prod-
ucts that are verifiably safe and suitable for their
intended use from certified suppliers that meet our
strict specifications and requirements and have a
proven track record in manufacturing these materials.
We ensure that our suppliers are qualified by requir-
ing certification by external institutes as well as reg-
ular audits; in addition, we perform an extensive
evaluation of sample products and carry out regular
quality checks. We also continuously assess our sup-
pliers in the context of our demanding supplier man-
agement system.

Personnel risks
Our Company's success depends to a large extent on
the dedication, motivation and abilities of our em-
ployees and managers.

Our continued growth in the area of health care
services depends in particular on our ability to recruit
and retain qualified physicians and skilled care per-
sonnel. As a result, we are currently enhancing vari-
ous measures and initiatives with the aim of further
increasing the satisfaction of our clinic personnel and
maintaining their high level of motivation.

Competition for experienced engineers and
technical research and development staff is intense.
We minimize the associated risks through our active
human resources management. The purpose of this
is to find and cultivate new employees with potential
as well as specialist staff and managers, and to sup-
port their development with targeted measures.
Fresenius Medical Care offers employees a challeng-
ing work environment, long-term prospects for their


--- Page 59 ---

professional development, performance-related bonus
payments and attractive social benefits. Detailed in-
formation relating to human resources management
can be found in the “Responsibility for our Employees”
section starting on page 46.

Risks due to non-compliance

with laws and standards
Fresenius Medical Care’s decentralized structure
means that it has thousands of employees working
at numerous subsidiaries. Despite training, super-
vision and compliance programs, we cannot fully
guarantee that employees will not inadvertently, neg-
ligently, or deliberately violate Company compliance
guidelines or anti-corruption legislation. Such in-
fringements could disrupt our business operations
and adversely affect our operating result or financial
situation. Our Code of Conduct describes our Com-
pany’s business standards and emphasizes our com-
mitment to operate in accordance with the applicable
laws and regulations and with our own company
policies. Further details on our compliance program
can be found starting on page 115.

IT risks
As Fresenius Medical Care continues to grow and be-
come more international, the processes within the
Company are becoming increasingly complex. This
makes us more dependent on the information and
communication technologies we use to structure our
processes which we are increasingly harmonizing be-
tween different regions. A breakdown of these sys-
tems could temporarily lead to standstill of extensive
parts of our business and consequently cause heavy
damages. By loss of sensitive data or non-compliance
with data protection related laws, regulations and
standards, our position in competition, our reputa-
tion as well as our whole business could be threat-
ened. Hence, we use constantly updated and newly
developed hardware and software to prevent poten-
tial security risks in the area of information technol-
ogy (IT). We are continuously enhancing our IT secu-
rity guidelines and processes with the help of our

Information Security Management System (Isms)
based on the internationally recognized security stan-
dard Iso 27002. Business data is regularly backed up.
Potential IT risks are covered by a detailed disaster
recovery plan, which is tested and improved on an
ongoing basis. Fresenius Medical Care operates three
data centers at geographically separate locations,
each with an associated disaster recovery plan, to
maximize the availability and data security of our IT
systems and prevent complete, worldwide system
outages. We mirror critical systems, such as the clin-
ical systems and the communication infrastructure
and servers, creating a copy of them.

To minimize organizational risks arising from
manipulation or unauthorized access, access is pro-
tected by passwords that are changed regularly.
Moreover, we observe Company guidelines relating
to data protection, which also regulate the assign-
ment of access rights. Compliance is monitored by
measures including checks based on Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; see also page 85. Operational and
security audits are carried out every year both inter-
nally and by external auditors.

Acquisition and investment risks

The dialysis services market is characterized by a high
level of consolidation. Whether and to what extent
we can make further acquisitions in the future also
depends on the available financial resources, the ap-
plicable antitrust legislation in various countries and
existing credit agreements. In addition, our acquisi-
tion and investment decisions must be viable. This is
why financial risks in connection with acquisitions
and investments are assessed at an early stage by
internal and, if necessary, external specialists. Poten-
tial acquisitions and investments are analyzed by an
internal committee (Acquisition Investment Commit-
tee, Alc) based on minimum requirements relating to
a number of parameters. The profitability of acquisi-
tions and investments is also monitored after the
event on the basis of these key indicators. More in-
formation on corporate management and control can
be found starting on page 39.

89

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 60 ---

90

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Financial risks

The main financial risks that affect our Company are
currency and interest rate risks. We use derivative fi-
nancial instruments to protect us against these risks.
However, we do not use them for trading or specu-
lation purposes. We take out these derivative finan-
cial instruments with highly rated banks (the majority
have at least an “a” rating) that have been approved
by the Management Board.

Foreign exchange risks

Our foreign exchange risks primarily result from trans-
actions (purchases and sales) between group compa-
nies located in different regions and currency areas.
Most of our transaction risks stem from sales of prod-
ucts in the euro zone to other international group
companies. The foreign exchange risks are therefore
related to changes in the euro against the u.s. dollar
in particular. We use the statistically calculated cash-
flow-at-risk model to roughly quantify transaction
risks in foreign currencies. This indicates the amount
of a potential loss from the forecast foreign exchange
cash flows over the next twelve months with a prob-
ability of 95%. As of December 31, 2015, our cash flow
at risk amounted to $51.2M.

Interest rate risks

We use interest rate hedging instruments to prevent
the risk of changes in interest rates arising from long-
term debt that is subject to variable interest rates.
According to a sensitivity analysis, if the relevant ref-
erence interest rates for the Company, such as Libor,
increased by 50 basis points, based on the current
high level of hedging and the high percentage of
fixed interest liabilities, net income (attributable to
shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA)
would fall by around 1%. The interest derivatives will
expire between 2016 and 2019.

Liquidity and financing risks
To ensure the continued existence of Fresenius
Medical Care, we must be able to meet the obliga-
tions arising from our operating and financial activi-
ties. Management uses effective working capital and
cash management and a forward-looking valuation
of refinancing alternatives to control the Company's
liquidity and thus reduce potential liquidity risks.

As of December 31, 2015, our financial liabilities
totaled €7.94BN. Our credit and bond agreements
contain conditions that require adherence to specific
financial key ratios. Non-compliance with these con-
ditions could lead to an obligation to repay the finan-
cial liabilities prematurely. We believe that we are in
a position to comply with the required key figures.

Other risks

Further risks to our Company arise from legal disputes
and tax audits.

Legal risks and product liability

As a company with global operations in the health
care industry, Fresenius Medical Care is exposed to
legal risks. These can pertain to industry-specific law-
suits relating to negligence, product liability, treat-
ment errors and other claims. Risks associated with
legal disputes are continuously identified, assessed
and reported within our Company. These disputes
can lead to compensation claims and legal costs, re-
gardless of whether the claimant is ultimately entitled
to compensation. Medical products can be subject to
recall campaigns, which can have a negative impact
on our financial and earnings situation. Fresenius
Medical Care is involved in various legal disputes re-
sulting from our business operations. We always
counter risks arising from legal disputes with the as-
sistance of a lawyer. If necessary, we make account-
ing provisions by setting up reserves. For details on
ongoing legal proceedings and further information
on material legal risks to which Fresenius Medical
Care is exposed, please refer to the “Notes to Consol-
idated Financial Statements” starting on page 148.


--- Page 61 ---

Tax risks

Fresenius Medical Care is subject to applicable coun-
try-specific tax laws and regulations. Any changes to
these can lead to higher tax expenses and higher tax
payments. Modifications to or the developments
within tax systems can affect tax liabilities and prof-
itability. Fresenius Medical Care is regularly inspected
by various financial authorities. Tax risks resulting
from this are continually identified and evaluated. De-
tails on major tax risks can be found in the “Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements” starting on page 148.

Risks due to global economic conditions

and disruptions in financial markets
The Company is dependent on the conditions of the
financial markets and the global economy. In order to
pursue its business, the Company is reliant on capital,
as are its renal product customers and commercial
health care insurers. Limited or expensive access to
capital in the financial markets could adversely affect
the Company's business.

The global recovery from the financial crisis
continues. This development is accompanied by un-
expected interferences like emerging geopolitical
conflicts in several world regions. Thus, the overall
global economic outlook remains uncertain and cur-
rent economic conditions could adversely affect the
Company's business and profitability. To the extent
that payors are negatively impacted by a decline in
the economy, the Company may experience further
pressure on commercial rates, a further slowdown in
collections and a reduction in the amounts it expects

-—— RISKS WITH POTENTIAL IMPACT IN 2016

to collect. Devaluation of currencies and worsening
economic conditions, including inflationary cost in-
creases in various markets in connection with deteri-
orating country ratings also increase the risk of a
goodwill impairment, which could lead to a partial or
a total goodwill write off in the affected cash gener-
ating units. If the global economic conditions con-
tinue or worsen, the Company's financial cost could
increase, its financial flexibility could be limited and
its results of operations could be adversely affected.
The Company believes to be well positioned to con-
tinue to grow its business while meeting its financial
obligations.

Further information on the risks for Fresenius
Medical Care can be found in the consolidated finan-
cial statements and in the Form 20-F report on the
Internet at www.freseniusmedicalcare.com in the “In-
vestors” section.

RISK ANALYSIS AND ASSESSMENT

In chart 2.55, we use key terms to describe the proba-
bility of the stated risks occurring in the forecast pe-
riod of 2016 and their potential impact on the devel-
opment of Fresenius Medical Care’s results of
operations, financial situation, assets and liabilities.
This makes our assessments of the individual risk ar-
eas easier to understand. Allocating these risks to risk
categories (RC) 1 to 3 also clarifies our current assess-
ment of the risk; the status shows how the allocation
has changed in relation to the previous year.

C.2.55

Potential impact?

moderate significant

low

high

Probability of occurrence?
medium

low

Specific risks? Status

Purchasing

Legal conditions

Quality

Legal disputes

Taxes
IT risks

Interest rates

Foreign currencies

vivivi>lviviviviv

Non-compliance with laws and standards

Global economic conditions and disruptions
in financial markets

>

Risk category 1 =m Risk category 2. mm Risk category 3 » unchanged a increased

For the forecasting period 2016.

Probability of occurrence: low = 0% to <33%, medium = 233% to <66%, high = = 66 % to 100%.
Impact on the 1 year forecast: low = small negative, moderate = moderate negative, significant = substantial negative.

91

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 62 ---

92

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT

As a vertically integrated dialysis Company, we can
offer almost all of the products and services that a
patient with chronic kidney failure requires for treat-
ment. Our 3,418 dialysis clinics in more than 45 coun-
tries constitute the largest and most international
network in the world. As a result, we possess valu-
able dialysis expertise that is unique in the industry.
Thanks to this wealth of experience, we understand
that high quality is not only the key to a better qual-
ity of life for patients, but can also make a significant
contribution to reducing the costs of health care.
Based on this understanding and our business model,
major opportunities arise that could have a positive
impact on the results of operations, financial situa-
tion, assets and liabilities of Fresenius Medical Care
as things stand today.

Regional and industry-specific
opportunities

As much of our business is organized regionally, we
can identify industry-specific trends and requirements
as well as the resultant opportunities in the different
regions at an early stage and gear our actions to
them. To capture business opportunities, we also per-
form comprehensive quantitative and qualitative
analyses. This involves systematically evaluating rele-
vant market data, closely examining research projects
and taking general societal health trends into consid-
eration — see the “Strategy, Objectives and Corporate
Management” section starting on page 39. Our analyses
focus on general economic, industry-specific, region-
al and local developments as well as regulatory
changes. In addition, close cooperation between our
Strategy and Planning departments and the managers
of other departments allows us to identify global op-
portunities as early as possible.

Patient growth and
demographic development

The dialysis market is a growth market that is largely
unaffected by macroeconomic influences. According
to estimates, the number of people worldwide suf-
fering from chronic kidney failure and requiring dialy-
sis treatment is rising at a relatively constant rate of
around 6% annually. It is expected to reach more than
2.8M patients in 2016 and around 3.8 M by 2020. Social
trends contribute to this rise in patient numbers. In
Europe and the us. in particular, they include the
aging population and the increasing incidence of di-
abetes and hypertension, two illnesses that frequent-
ly precede the onset of end-stage renal disease. In
developing and emerging countries, the growing
population and gradually improved access to dialysis
as a result of increasing wealth are key factors that
further boost demand for dialysis products and ser-
vices. We want to continue to make a significant con-
tribution to meeting this demand in the future.

Changes in legal and political conditions
Whether or not private companies can offer dialysis
treatment and in what form depends on the health
care system of the country in which they operate and
its legal framework. For Fresenius Medical Care, op-
portunities to tap into new markets or to expand its
market share arise if a country opens up to private
dialysis providers. These decisions are also increasing-
ly influenced by the following factors:

» Health care systems face the challenge of having
to deliver ever more comprehensive medical care
(longer life expectancy, increase in concomitant
diseases, fully-functioning health care provision
still being established).

> Dialysis is a complex life-sustaining procedure,
which places high demands on health care systems
in terms of expertise and efficiency. Therefore,
public health care providers are increasingly look-
ing for solutions with private providers.


--- Page 63 ---

One example is Germany, the seventh-largest market
worldwide in terms of the number of dialysis patients.
We lead the market here with our products. Dialysis
clinics are operated predominantly by physicians in
private practice, hospitals, and non-profit organiza-
tions; however, for a number of years, Fresenius
Medical Care has also offered dialysis services in out-
patient medical care centers. At the end of 2015, we
were involved in 26 care centers (2014: 18). As an ex-
perienced partner, we want to continue to support our
customers in setting up new structures in the German
health care system and take advantage of the oppor-
tunity to strengthen our business in the long-term.

Public-private partnerships (PPP)

In some countries, public-private partnerships (PPP)
are an attractive business model for Fresenius Medical
Care. These are contractually defined project alliances
between the public sector and private companies in
which both partners share the financing, tasks, risks
and opportunities of a project. Our extensive dialysis
expertise gives us a competitive edge here, too, as it
enables us to make suitable offers flexibly for various
levels of care for hospitals, health insurers, local or
national authorities. Depending on the contract, we
set up new dialysis clinics and install the equipment,
train medical personnel in quality, hygiene and nutri-
tion, or manage the clinics ourselves on the terms
agreed. This enables the public sector to care for more
patients more effectively and less expensively. The PPP
model allows Fresenius Medical Care to tap into new
markets, expand its market share, and extend its
range of products and services with new forms of
health care.

Growing demand for integrated health care
Cost pressure and the growing number of patients
are resulting in an increase in global demand for a
holistic (integrated) health care concept for patients
with chronic kidney failure. All health care services
and therapies associated with the treatment of a kid-
ney patient are combined to create a holistic program
that is tailored to the patient's individual needs and
the requirements of the health insurer. Depending on
the contract and the structure of the health care sys-
tem, dialysis can be supplemented by medical tests,
drugs for kidney patients and vascular access man-
agement, for example. This comprehensive care from

a single source is aimed at improving the way in
which the different stages of treatment are coordi-
nated and controlled, minimizing complications and
thereby avoiding additional stays in hospital as far as
possible. It increases the patient's quality of life and
the quality of treatment, while reducing the overall
costs of the treatment.

Fresenius Medical Care is particularly well
placed to offer integrated, high-quality treatment
programs for chronically ill kidney patients for sever-
al reasons: As a manufacturer of market-leading di-
alysis products and an operator of the largest global
dialysis clinic network, we have long-standing expe-
rience in providing comprehensive care for dialysis
patients. Thanks to the high quality and reliability of
our products and services, we enjoy a very good rep-
utation in the industry. In addition, we use sophisti-
cated internal feedback instruments to measure and
compare the success of treatment at our clinics and
to rapidly identify any potential for improvement.

Beyond our core business with dialysis prod-
ucts and the treatment of dialysis patients, we ben-
efit from a network in the field of medical services.
These services include vascular care and medication
management for patients with kidney disease, as
well as our laboratory and pharmacy business. This
provides us with significant opportunities for the fu-
ture. We plan to expand this network further in the
coming years.

Opportunities related to
business operations

New products and technologies

If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated,
cost pressure continues to rise, and the capacity of
clinics is no longer sufficient, home therapies are ex-
pected to take on a more crucial role in dialysis. This
development presents us with opportunities for
growth. Home dialysis as well as associated technol-
ogies and products will therefore continue to be a key
focal point of our R&D activities. One major aim here
is to give dialysis patients the greatest possible inde-
pendence and mobility with a resource-efficient and
flexible device. We will continue to add innovative
products and technologies to our range in the future
to react to growth opportunities and meet the de-
mand for integrated care as effectively as possible.

93

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 64 ---

94

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Internal organization and processes
Fresenius Medical Care can benefit from a number of
long-term opportunities in organizing and shaping its
business operations. To this end, we use the lean
management and Six Sigma management methods
to analyze and better coordinate our production pro-
cesses worldwide in order to keep on reducing both
our defect rates and manufacturing cycles. We are
systematically expanding environmental manage-
ment at our production sites and clinics to improve
our operating efficiency.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions
We evaluate ideas for growth initiatives generated
from market analyses in the context of our annual
budget planning, or more frequently if necessary. We
manage the investments required for implementing
projects using a detailed coordination and evaluation
process. The Management Board sets the investment
budget for the group as well as the focus of invest-
ment. Before realizing investment projects, an inter-
nal committee examines the individual projects and
measures, taking into account their yield require-
ments and potential return on investment. Projects
are then initiated if they help to increase the Compa-
ny’s value.

By expanding our health care services business
through acquisitions and purchasing expertise and
relevant technologies in the area of research and de-
velopment, we are investing in our future growth.
Through close collaboration between our Strategy
and Planning departments and the managers respon-
sible for our acquisitions, we are able to identify suit-
able potential purchases worldwide at an early stage.
Further information on our acquisitions in the year
under review can be found in the “Financial Situation”
section starting on page 77.

;-—— RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES PROFILE FOR 2016

Region-specific

Fresenius Medical Care’s business model

Our business model itself also provides opportunities
for our Company's future growth. As a vertically in-
tegrated dialysis Company, we not only offer almost
all of the products and services that a patient with
chronic kidney failure requires for treatment, but also
use these on a daily basis in our own clinics. As a
result, we can benefit a great deal from the feedback
of our patients, physicians and nurses worldwide in
developing and manufacturing new products as well
as in organizing our clinic management. This gives us
a crucial competitive advantage.

MANAGEMENT BOARD
ASSESSMENT OF OVERALL RISKS
AND OPPORTUNITIES

The Management Board bases its assessment of over-
all risk on Fresenius Medical Care's risk management
system, which is regularly reviewed by third parties
and by senior management. The Company's overall
risk situation is determined by the risks described
above. Management is not currently aware of any
risks that threaten the continued existence of
Fresenius Medical Care.

The effectiveness of the implemented risk man-
agement system is monitored and, if necessary, im-
proved as part of a Company-wide review of the in-
tegrated management system. The Management
Board will continue to expand the risk management
and the review of the associated management system
to be able to identify, investigate and assess potential
risks even more quickly and implement appropriate
countermeasures. From an organizational point of
view, we believe that we have created all the neces-
sary conditions to identify emerging risk situations
early and to react appropriately if necessary.

Risks Opportunities

C.2.56

<8 |

industry-specific

Relating to business operations

high

ES |

low > high



--- Page 65 ---

We remain confident that our integrated global
business model and our group’s earning power con-
stitute a sound basis for our business development,
enabling us to utilize the potential that arises for the
Company. In view of our leading position on the di-
alysis market, our innovative strength, our committed
staff and our structured processes for identifying risks
early and managing opportunities, we firmly believe
that we can continue to make the most of any oppor-
tunities that arise for our business in a responsible
manner.

According to our estimates, we have a well-bal-
anced risk/opportunities profile both in the long-term
and for the 2016 forecasting period.

95

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 66 ---

96

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Fresenius Medical Care’s bust-
ness development met our
expectations in the first weeks
of 2016.

MANAGEMENT BOARD CHANGES

In January 2016, Fresenius Medical Care announced
a change on the Management Board. Harry de Wit
will become a new Management Board member for
the Asia-Pacific region effective April 1, 2016. He will
succeed Roberto Fusté, who has decided to resign
from his operational responsibilities and stepping
down from the Management Board of Fresenius
Medical Care effective March 31, 2016. He will advise
the Company on strategic decisions until 2018. Harry
de Wit has been working in various areas of the med-
ical technology sector for over 25 years. He served as
President for Asia at Covidien in Singapore from 2010.
After Covidien was taken over by Medtronic, he opt-
ed to leave the company.

AGREEMENT IN PRINCIPLE IN
PRODUCT LIABILITY LITIGATION

On February 17, 2016, the Company reached an agree-
mentin principle to resolve the GranuFlo®/ NaturaLyte®
product liability litigation, which is reflected in the
Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31,
2015 starting on page 139, the section “Overview of the
Fiscal Year” starting on page 68 and in the section “Results
of Operations, Financial Situation, Assets and Liabili-
ties” starting on page 71.

ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS
ENVIRONMENT

There were no fundamental changes in the econom-
ic and business environment in our field of activity.
Dialysis continues to be a medically indispensable
and life-saving treatment for acute or chronic kidney
failure for which there is no comparable alterna-
tive treatment with the exception of kidney trans-
plantation.

We are currently not planning any major chang-
es in Fresenius Medical Care’s organizational struc-
ture, administration, legal form or with regard to per-
sonnel which could lead to a significant impairment
of the results of operations, financial situation, assets
and liabilities of our Company.

OVERALL ASSESSMENT OF
THE BUSINESS SITUATION

Fresenius Medical Care’s business development met
our expectations in the first weeks of 2016.

From today’s perspective, we expect to achieve
our revenue, earnings and the other performance
ratios as planned. At this report's editorial deadline,
the current development of our business is basically
in line with our expectations.


--- Page 67 ---

OUTLOOK

We continue to remain optimistic
Medical

Care’s performance in the years

regarding Freseniu:

ahead. In the future, we aim

to further expand our product
and services business and reduce
costs. Thanks to our strong
operating basis in our core
business of dialysis and in the
area of Care Coordination

as well as our Global Efficiency
Program, we will be able to
grow our net income in the cur-
rent financial year.

BUSINESS POLICY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading dialysis
company. We aim to further expand this position in
the years ahead. As always, the groundbreaking prin-
ciple of our corporate strategy is to fully capture the
potential of the vertically integrated company. This
means rigorously utilizing the advantages that arise
from covering the complete value chain of dialysis.
Fresenius Medical Care pursues the aim of making
constant progress in providing holistic care to dialysis
patients and in dialysis-related treatments. In addition

-—— EXPECTED GROWTH IN PATIENT NUMBERS

to our products and dialysis treatment itself, we will
continue to expand our activities in the area of Care
Coordination and offer supplementary medical ser-
vices for the treatment of our patients in the future.

We have no plans to make significant changes
to our business policy.

OUR INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT
CONTINUES TO GROW

Fresenius Medical Care expects the number of dialysis
patients worldwide to increase by about 6% in 2016.
Some significant regional differences are likely to re-
main. We anticipate 1 to 4% growth in patient num-
bers in the u.s., Japan, Western and Central Europe.
The number of patients with chronic kidney disease
is already relatively high in these regions and patients
generally have reliable access to treatment, normally
dialysis. In economically weaker regions, the growth
rates are even higher with values of up to 10%, and
in some countries even more. We expect patient
numbers to continue growing in the coming years —
see table 2.57.

Demographic factors are one of the main rea-
sons for the continued growth of dialysis markets,
including the aging population and the rising number
of patients with diabetes and high blood pressure —
two diseases that often precede chronic kidney failure.
In addition, the life expectancy of dialysis patients is
increasing primarily due to ongoing improvements in
the quality of treatment and ever higher standards of
living, even in developing countries.

As a result of an improved infrastructure, the es-
tablishment of health care systems and an increase in
chronic diseases in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe,
the Middle East and Africa, we expect high growth

7.2.57

North America

Growth 2016

~4%

Europe/Middle East/Africa

~4%

Asia-Pacific

~8%

Latin America

~5%

» WORLDWIDE

~6%

Source: Internal estimate

97

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 68 ---

98

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

rates in dialysis. This opens up huge potential for the
entire spectrum of dialysis services and products, as
most of the world’s population live in these regions.

We do not expect significant changes in treat-
ment methods. Hemodialysis will remain the treat-
ment of choice in future, accounting for about 88%
of all dialysis therapies. Peritoneal dialysis will con-
tinue to be the preferred treatment for about 12%
of all dialysis patients. The volume of the worldwide
dialysis market, which amounted to about $73 BN
last year according to preliminary estimates, is ex-
pected to increase by around 4%. This is based on
the assumption that exchange rates remain stable
in the forecasting period. As a result, the overall
volume of the dialysis market could reach around
$75 BN in 2016.

GROWTH MARKETS AND
FUTURE SALES MARKETS

We consider Care Coordination to be a growth mar-
ket for Fresenius Medical Care. We significantly in-
creased our revenue in this area last year. In the North
America region, Care Coordination accounted for 11%
of total revenue. We expect revenue from this to rise
substantially in 2016.

We also see growth potential in our core busi-
ness. Our aim is to keep on expanding our dialysis
services business worldwide. Above and beyond this,
we have operated our own sales organizations in the

in

1970 1975 1980 1985 1990

;-—— NUMBER OF DIALYSIS PATIENTS WORLDWIDE - FORECAST TO 2020 Cc. 2.58

product business in key growth markets in Eastern
Europe, Latin America and Asia for several years and
already hold a leading market position in these regions.
We serve smaller markets via distributors. We intend
to continue expanding our regional range of products
and services in the future. Acquisitions can help us to
achieve our aim of strengthening our business.

LEGAL STRUCTURE
AND ORGANIZATION

The holding company of Fresenius Medical Care has
been a partnership limited by shares (Kommandit-
gesellschaft auf Aktien, KGaA) since 2006. Changes
to the legal form are not planned in the foresee-
able future. We also intend to retain our decentral-
ized organizational structure. In our view, this well-
proven structure guarantees maximum flexibility and
allows us to adapt to the requirements of individual
markets.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OF
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE IN 2016

Once again, we have set ourselves ambitious targets

for 2016 based on the following assumptions:

» Savings from the Global Efficiency Program are
included in the earnings targets.

» Acquisitions made in 2015 and 2016 are not included.

1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020

2020: ~3.8 M dialysis patients | —»

1

Source: Internal estimates


--- Page 69 ---

Exchange rates

Fresenius Medical Care's forecasts for business devel-
opment in 2016 are based on the prevailing exchange
rates at the start of 2016. As mentioned in the “Over-
all Economic Environment” section starting on page 60, the
relationship of the u.s. dollar to the euro is particu-
larly important for Fresenius Medical Care.

Revenue

In 2016, we expect revenue growth of 7 to 10% in
constant currency terms.

Earnings

Operating income
We expect operating income and delivered esit after
considering minority interests to exceed the planned
growth in revenue in 2016.

Net income
Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA is expected to grow by
15 to 20% in 2016 compared to 2015. This income fore-
cast is based on net income in 2015 of $1.057BN

(adjusted for the costs of the out-of-court settlement
in principle in the GranuFlo® product liability case of
$-37M and $9M for acquisitions).

Earnings per share
In the 2016 financial year, earnings per share are
expected to develop largely in line with net income
year-on-year.

Dividend

We intend to maintain our profit-oriented dividend
policy in principle. Information on the proposed div-
idend increase can be found in the “Dividend Conti-
nuity” section on page 24.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions

We plan to spend $1.0BN to $1.1BN on capital expen-
ditures. Around 50% of this amount is earmarked for
expansion investments.

Apart from financing projects to expand capac-
ity and optimize costs in our production sites, capital
expenditures will be used primarily to construct new
dialysis clinics, equip distribution companies and
make essential replacements.

;—— OUTLOOK FOR 2016 7.2.59
Adjusted income for 2015
-excluding net expenses
from settlement- Targets for 2016
Growth of 7-10%
Revenue'? $16.7BN (ona constant currency basis)
Operating income $2.4BN Growth> growth in revenue
Residual EBIT $2.1BN Growth> growth in revenue
Net income? $1.1BN
Growth in net income? 15-20%
in line with the expected
Growth in earnings per share??? development of net income
Capital expenditures $0.9BN $1.0BN-$1.1BN
Acquisitions and equity investments $0.1 BN ~$0.75 BN
Net cash provided by operating activities
in % of revenue 11.7% >10%
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6.1% >4%
Debt/EBITDA ratio 27 <3.0
Employees* 104,033 > 109,000
Research and development expenditures $140M $160M-$170M

Targets for 2016 exclude contributions from acquisitions made in 2015 and 2016.

Full-time equivalents.

After value adjustments on receivables from the provision of health care services

Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA

99

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015


--- Page 70 ---

100

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2015

Approximately $0.75 BN is reserved mainly for
supplementary acquisitions and equity investments in
the health care services sector.

Liquidity

Cash flow
Net cash provided by operating activities is again
expected to account for more than 10% of revenue in
2016, while the free cash flow is set to exceed 4% of
revenue.

Debt/EBITDA ratio
Fresenius Medical Care takes the relationship be-
tween financial liabilities and earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses
(debt/EBITDA ratio or leverage ratio) as its guideline
for its long-term financial planning. This ratio was
adjusted 2.7 at the end of 2015, and is expected to
remain below 3.0 in 2016.

Financing

The Company's financing strategy gives top priority
to ensuring our financial flexibility. Thanks to partial-
ly drawn down credit facilities and our accounts re-
ceivable facility, which was extended in Novem-
ber 2014, we have sufficient financial resources. We
continue to aim for secured and unutilized credit
facilities of between $300m and $500M. Our main
financing needs in 2016 comprise principal repay-
ments under the syndicated credit agreement and a
dividend payment estimated at $266. For further
information, see the “Financial Situation” section start-
ing on page 77.

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees
Due to the anticipated expansion of our business, we
expect the number of employees to grow in 2016, par-
ticularly in the area of dialysis services. By the end of
2016, the number of people working for Fresenius
Medical Care is set to increase to more than 109,000
full-time equivalents.

Research and development
We plan to spend approximately $160M to $170M on
research and development in 2016. The number of
employees in this area (currently 649 full-time equiv-
alents) is not expected to change significantly in 2016.
Our targets for the financial year 2016 are sum-
marized in table 2.59 on page 99.

LONG-TERM GROWTH TARGET

With a view to the growth targets issued for the
period to 2020, we anticipate revenue of $28 BN. This
corresponds to an average annual revenue growth of
around 10%. The share of revenue from services com-
bined under the heading “Care Coordination” is like-
ly to increase significantly up to 2020. Net income is
expected to achieve high single-digit growth on a
yearly basis.

GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF
EXPECTED DEVELOPMENT

We remain optimistic regarding the performance of
Fresenius Medical Care in the years to come. We aim
to further expand our core business with dialysis
products and services in the future, too. In addition,
we will enhance our Care Coordination activities in
the years ahead. Consequently, we expect to achieve
significant income growth in this financial year and
beyond, driven partly by our Global Efficiency Pro-
gram. By the end of 2016, this figure is set to increase
to $300M a year. We therefore believe that we are
able to achieve our growth targets for 2016.

The outlook describes the expected development of Fresenius Medical Care
in the 2016 financial year. It takes into account all events known at the time
the financial statements were prepared that could influence our business
development in 2016. As in the past, we take every effort to ensure that we
achieve and ~ where possible ~ exceed our targets. The forecasts may be
adversely affected by unfavorable developments in our risk situation. Further
information on the risks to which Fresenius Medical Care is exposed can be
found in the “Risk and Opportunities Report” starting on page 83, the con-
solidated financial statements, and the Form 20-F report in the “Investors”
section at www.freseniusmedicalcare.com.
