

--- Page 1 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

14

Group strategy and market opportunities

1. Group strategy and market

opportunities

Schneider Electric, the global specialist in energy management and automation with operations in over 100 countries,
brings together its expertise and solutions to make sure that Life is On for its customers and that energy is safe, reliable,

efficient, connected and sustainable.

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization enrich our lives but they are also escalating energy and resource
consumption worldwide. New technologies enabling distributed and connected energy for the first time, challenge us
to redefine the way we live. As the leader in energy management and automation, Schneider Electric helps its customers
achieve more with fewer resources in a more connected, distributed and smart world where the need for energy will
continue to increase. Schneider Electric provides innovative technologies, solutions and services for its customers to
achieve the most efficient and sustainable use of their resources, assets, processes and infrastructures.

Our mission

At Schneider Electric, our mission is to serve our customers by
developing innovative products and solutions that simplify the
lives of those who use them. We bring together our expertise and
solutions to drive new possibilities for efficiency and savings.

As the global specialist in energy management and automation, we
are committed to global improvement in connectivity, sustainability,
efficiency, reliability and safety in 5 primary areas: in our homes,
in our cities, in our industries, in our buildings, and in the cloud.

Our intent is to make sure that Life is On for everyone, everywhere
and at every moment with our technology. We ensure that energy
is on for our customers and that it is:

safe: protecting people and assets;

™

@ reliable: guaranteeing _ultra-secure, _ultra-pure = and
uninterrupted power especially for critical applications;

¢ efficient: delivering solutions adapted to the specific needs
of each market that simplify customers’ lives and improve their
efficiency and productivity;

sustainable: helping customers build a sustainable future by
using less of their resources and minimizing the impact on the
environment; and

@ connected: leveraging new opportunities with the
convergence of Operational Technology (OT) and Information
Technology (IT).

Megatrends in our environment are creating opportunities

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization continue to shape
our lives as new economies are built and established economies
are transformed. These three megatrends are creating many new
opportunities for Schneider Electric.

Urbanization

Cities today are the home to over 50% of the world’s population,
consume more than 70% of global energy consumption and give
off 75% of greenhouse gas emissions. Cities are growing: by 2040,
they will house an additional 1.9 billion people. Cities face urban
challenges of unprecedented scale: scarcity of resources such as
energy and water, environmental pressure and pollution, aging and
overloaded infrastructure, traffic congestion and security concerns.

All over the world, cities need to become smarter: more efficient,
more liveable and more sustainable. This means:

@ improving the efficiency of the city's underlying urban
infrastructures, from the electricity grid to water distribution
systems, via public transportation systems and services, and
exchange of data and information across services;

becoming a better place to live, work and play:

reducing its environmental impact — lower carbon footprint,
reduce energy consumption and urban regeneration.

So what cities need today are solutions to their most acute pain-
points that: deliver the services and savings that inhabitants deserve;
provide visible, measurable results that promote attractiveness; and
have a low upfront investment, because cities across the world need
to balance their budgets.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 2 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Schneider Electric delivers urban efficiency as a trusted partner
to drive collaboration and buy-in of all stakeholders - local and
regional governments, private companies, utilities, real estate
developers, and investors. We provide comprehensive urban
solutions, which form the foundations of a smart city, by bringing
in proven technology. We enable a connected and unified approach
to decision-making by integrating controls with operation and
information systems. Schneider Electric already works with more
than 250 cities across the world, and helps provide visible benefits
to cities and their inhabitants:

up to 30% energy savings;
up to 15% reduction in water losses; and
environmental, social and economic benefits.

Industrialization

Manufacturing activities rise as new economies develop. In 2016,
new economies represented 39% of world GDP — and this should
reach close to 52% by 2030. Industrialization in these economies will
continue in the medium term. Population growth in new economies
is also driving increased needs for manufactured goods, with
1.8 billion people entering the global consuming class by 2025.
Capex in new economies will also continue to increase in the
medium term, from 51% of world Capex in 2016 to close to 57%
by 2030. At the same time energy needs will increase accordingly.
The share of global energy demand of non-OECD countries will
continue to rise — from 59% in 2014 to close to 65% by 2030 — due
to increasing demographics growth, industrialization, urbanization
and affluence.

In many mature countries, where companies are looking for
efficiency gains and modernizing their infrastructure; services,
innovation and digital transformation are of increasing importance
and key factors for growth. Industries account for one-third of
the total world energy consumption. This global industrial energy
use is projected to double by 2050 in the absence of any new
environmental measures. The International Energy Agency estimates
that the Industry could half the increase in energy consumption
through increased electrification and energy efficiency action.

The growing trend of increasing industrialization promises business
growth and expansion opportunities. Schneider Electric will continue
its focus on innovative solutions and to identify opportunities for
further services development, in order to contribute towards
efficiency and sustainability improvements in these markets. For
long-term sustainable development in new economies, Schneider
Electric will continue to focus on combining its global value
chain with local partnerships to contribute toward the economic
development through job creation and poverty reduction, in addition
to investments in production capacity and physical & technological
infrastructure to meet the growing demands for standardized and
cost efficient offerings.

Group strategy and market opportunities

Digitization

In the past 20 years, the Internet has connected 3.5 billion people
together. In the coming ten years, this number will grow by over 70%.
Additionally, the Internet will connect 30 billion devices by 2020.
The increase in connectivity and access to real-time information
is changing our personal and professional lives. Companies are
digitizing their operations and expect a complete digital experience
from their suppliers, from ordering to customer service. Employees
are increasingly using online platforms and tools to collaborate more
efficiently across different countries and time zones. Digitization
is changing the way we work and creating opportunities for new
services

In energy management, operational technology (OT), i.e.,the world
of physical equipment control, is converging with information
technology (IT), i.e., the world of information processing. Products
are now connected and can be remotely controlled to optimize
operations. This results in the feasibility of implementing active
energy efficiency, which creates new business models and new
opportunities in smart products, systems and services — such as
smart grid and smart factories.

A smart energy grid combines smarter supply (the efficient
integration of renewable and distributed energy sources and
flexible distribution), smarter demand (energy-efficient sites and
homes, connected to the grid), and demand response to balance
the two. Schneider Electric is active in five key domains which form
a smart grid: flexible distribution, renewable energy integration,
efficient buildings, electric vehicle charging infrastructure and
demand-response. Microgrids, distributed energy resources (DER)
and energy storage allow consumers to produce their own energy
and shift to a greener energy mix. Renewable energy sources will
account for 60% of all new power generation capacity to 2040
according to the International Energy Agency. These changes
in the energy mix will further increase the need for smart grid
management.

The smart manufacturing enterprise is made up of smart machines,
plants and operations with higher levels of embedded intelligence.
Connectivity based on open and standard internet protocols
and cloud technologies with integrated cybersecurity enables
the use of advanced analytics and mobile technology to unlock
higher efficiency and profitability, as well as improved security. For
example, real time data analytics allow for predictive maintenance
and improved Asset Performance Management, while Augmented
Reality helps maintenance operators improve productivity and
minimize downtime. Together with OT sensors and control devices,
industrial software is the core of smart factories. Schneider Electric
has significantly strengthened its industrial software offering,
especially in operations management, for process management
as well as industrial automation applications.

In addition to continuously innovating and digitizing our offerings,
Schneider Electric aims to provide the best-in-class digital
experience to our customers and partners, such as a 24x7
dynamic sales & marketing channel and a tailored customer
service experience. Digitization is at the core of the Group's
strategy and Schneider Electric is committed to supporting the
digital transformation of its customers and its partners.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 3 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

16

Group strategy and market opportunities

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization are creating many
new opportunities for Schneider Electric, from growing needs in
terms of automation and connectivity to the massive need for energy

Group strategy

As a leader in energy management and automation, Schneider
Electric is at the forefront to capture these megatrends with an
extensive energy management and automation offer that it
delivers globally through complementary business models and
access channels. We have a unique set of energy and efficiency
technologies, strategically positioned on the demand side of the
energy landscape.

Leveraging the world’s new
energy challenges

The quest for economic growth and development is straining our
planet's resources. The world is facing many energy challenges:
scarcity of natural resources, CO, emissions reduction requirements,
integration of unpredictable and intermittent renewable sources of
energy, higher in peaks of consumption, and others. In its World
Energy Outlook, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates
that improved energy efficiency slows the growth of total final
energy consumption, mainly thanks to efficiency gains in industry.
However, 70% of the world’s energy is used without any efficiency
performance requirements. For new buildings, two-thirds of the
energy consumption has no applicable codes or standards.

According to the IEA the improvement in energy efficiency in
the major energy-consuming sectors (industry, buildings and
residential) could help reduce energy use by 15% to 25%, providing
a very attractive business case in both mature and new economies.
Schneider Electric has developed a wide range of products and
solutions that will provide homeowners and managers of industrial
plants, data centers, infrastructure and buildings with significant
levels of energy efficiency and savings.

Our automation solutions can save up to 30% of a building's energy
needs, significantly improving a company's carbon footprint, while
delivering savings on its charges, with limited upfront investment.

Our smart grid solutions help electricity producers and distributors
to improve the efficiency of their assets and to offer a better service
to their customers. This also contributes to the improvement in
the operation of the grid and the reduction in investment in new
generation capacity.

efficiency that requires optimized use of resources. Schneider
Electric will continue to play a leading role in the movement toward
amore efficient, sustainable, and connected world

Our industrial automation solutions can also enable massive energy
savings. 30% of global electricity consumption in industries is
consumed by electric motor systems, which the IEA estimates can
be reduced by more than 15%. Our Variable Speed Drives can
significantly improve the efficiency of an electric motor system and
are a main contributor in IEA estimations.

Serving our customers’ increasing need
for automation in key market segments

The rapid industrialization taking place in new economies and the
need to modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies
are creating significant opportunities for growth. Coupled with this,
large corporations are looking to improve operational efficiency
across the whole enterprise, while at the same time improving
security and safety for operators and the environment. By
implementing advanced automation and more flexible production
techniques manufacturers could boost their productivity by as much
as 30% (source: Accenture). Schneider Electric enjoys a strong
position both in discrete and process automation and is well-placed
to address these challenges. We leverage the Group's extensive
software capabilities to help customers in key industries, such
as mining, oil & gas, food-processing or cement plants, improve
their productivity and operational efficiency, reduce their energy
consumption and optimize their use of resources.

Schneider Electric also helps machine manufacturers in markets
such as materials handling or packaging develop reliable, fast,
precise and efficient machines. Our application design engineers
optimize the machine's performance and reduce the length of the
design cycle, shortening the machine builder's time-to-market.

Supporting the digital transformation
of customers and partners

The convergence of operational technology (OT) and information
technology (IT) creates many new opportunities for customers.
It makes their life easier, increases productivity, creates new
business models that provides new value propositions for their own
customers. Digitization is at the heart of their future growth. Through
continuous innovation, Schneider Electric engineers products and
solutions that help them unlock this potential.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 4 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Schneider Electric builds native and secured connectivity into its
product offerings, delivers a full range of digital services to help
customers extract value from their data and provides the best
customer experience to its customers and partners. All our offers
are built on open and interoperable system architectures and are
available in our EcoStruxure™ framework.

Leveraging the opportunity from new
economies

Countries in Asia (excluding Japan), Latin America (including
Mexico), the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe (including
Russia), which the Goup refers to collectively as “new economies”
will continue to experience accelerated development in the medium-
term as they catch up with more mature economies. As a result
of the industrialization, urbanization, digitization and development
processes that these countries are experiencing, Schneider Electric
expects the markets of these economies to continue to have a
medium-term need for the products and solutions that the Group
provides. The goal is to leverage this opportunity by expanding the
Group's geographical coverage in these markets, by increasing
its presence in new cities, and further penetrating these markets,
with mid-market segment offerings that are supported by strong
brands with wide local coverage. The Group has made a long-term
commitment to, and investment in, these economies.

As of December 31, 2016, the Group had over 78,009 employees
in new economies and, during 2016, our new economies-based
purchasing and manufacturing costs accounted for approximately
52% of our industrial costs. Schneider Electric is well positioned
to support the medium-term needs of new economies in Asia,
Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Russia.
The decision to split our Executive Committee across multiple
management hubs, a pioneering management decision, allows
us to be close to our customers in all markets — remaining local
while being global. Our long-term commitment helps us build
an intimate knowledge of these markets and we believe that the
strength of our brands, our competitive local supply chain and
the development of local marketing and R&D capabilities are our
competitive advantages in these economies.

Building two complementary business
models: Products and Solutions

The businesses in each of our four business segments offer both
products and solutions. Solutions are comprised of systems, such
as highly customized products or combinations of our products,
software and services. Our Products and Solutions businesses have
different revenue growth and profitability profiles, with our Solutions
business complementing our Products business. Solutions are also
an important platform to develop our presence in Services, where
we can deliver higher added value, more frequently and with lower
capital requirements.

Group strategy and market opportunities

Products business model

The Group believes its products, representing 56% of the sales,
offer best-in-class technology, strong channel access to markets
and optimal quality and cost, which allows the Group to achieve
scale and pricing advantages in markets where the Group operates.
Schneider Electric markets and sells products principally through
distributors and direct partners, such as contractors, system
integrators and electricians, who provide the ability to reach
large numbers of small and medium-sized customers. In order to
reinforce its leadership position and continue to grow, the Group
leverages technology to offer connected, market leading products
and to create new opportunities for distributors and direct partners
in a win-win relationship.

Solutions business model

Solutions, representing 44% of our sales, include Equipment,
Projects, Software and Services, and allow the Group to generate
additional growth and profits, lower capital intensity and help reduce
cyclicality. They provide significant opportunities to develop greater
customer intimacy and stickiness through dialogue with final end-
users, which in turn helps inform the Group's quest for continuous
innovation. Through the EcoStruxure™ framework, Schneider
Electric uses reference architectures in each of our solutions in order
to facilitate the integration of its products and speed up project
design, while its software offers address the efficiency needs of
companies and allow complete but simple control and management
of their operations. Schneider Electric also supports the productivity
and peace of mind of its customers with an extensive range of
digital services and maintenance services delivered by a network
of over 37,000 qualified technicians.

Investing in profitable and responsible
growth while driving efficiency

We believe in the high long-term growth potential of our business
and Schneider Electric continuously invests to drive that growth.
This investment is focused on sustained spending on research and
development, as well as on growing our commercial presence and
skills, especially in the fields of high value-added technologies and
services

In addition to our commitment to organic growth, the Group has
invested in companies, joint ventures, strategic alliances and
mergers that have reinforced our global leadership, provided
skills in energy management and automation, or related to local
businesses in new economies.

In addition to the investments we make to foster growth, driving
efficiency at all levels of our Company is an equally important focus
for the Group. We continuously seek to generate savings from
purchasing and manufacturing and through improving operational
efficiency by reducing selling, general and administrative expenses,
while maintaining best-in-class standards in environmental
sustainability and social responsibility.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 5 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

18

Group strategy and market opportunities

Group competitive strengths

Schneider Electric is a leader in technology innovation and adapts
to changing ecosystems and customer needs.

Technological leadership in energy
management and automation

We are developing best-in-class technology in energy management
and automation to meet growing customer needs and challenges.
We estimate that nearly 80% of our revenue is derived from sales in
businesses where Schneider Electric enjoy a number 1 or 2 market
position: low voltage distribution, medium voltage distribution and
grid automation, discrete industrial automation and control, critical
power and cooling. We design products and solutions that we
believe offer the best levels of safety, reliability and efficiency in our
markets. This is achieved through significant investment in research
and development, which supports our innovative product offerings
and our ability to offer our customers market-leading solutions that
seamlessly integrate the different technologies in our portfolio. As a
result, our products and solutions meet the needs of our customers
for simplicity, connectivity, flexibility, productivity and efficiency.
Additionally, through an ongoing dialogue with our customers,
we are able to maintain our very high standards of quality and
to anticipate the innovation that will help drive our future growth.
Thanks to this technological leadership, the Group's major brands
are among the most recognized in our industry.

Multiple access channels to a broad and
diffuse user base

We work with many types of partners, such as distributors, system
integrators, contractors, panel builders, electricians, machine
manufacturers and others, as well as with our end customers. The
Group has developed the widest network of distribution and direct
partners in its industry. This provides us with many access channels
to a market comprised of a broad and diffuse user base. These
diverse market access channels, which support our model with
limited capital investment, help to ensure that we are not dependent
on a limited number of large customers.

Success in this industry requires strong, long-term relationships
with our distribution partners and end customers and the Group
is therefore constantly seeking to enhance the value that we add.
For example, we provide training for our partners and participate
in industry efforts to improve applicable regulations and safety
certifications. These efforts and relationships also help to reinforce
our reputation as a trusted partner and allow us to benefit from
solid pricing power.

Global reach with a unique
local presence

We have operations in more than 100 countries, providing a
balanced geographical exposure on a global basis. Due to our large
footprint, we are one of the few partners of multinational companies
that look for the highest standards of technology and quality for their
energy management equipment in all their operations around the
world. This allows us to provide an optimal service to our global
customers. In addition, we have deep-rooted local presence and
strong partnerships in all countries to serve our highly-dispersed
customer base. Lastly, with 41% of our revenues in new economies
in 2016, the Group believes it is positioned to capture the higher
growth potential of these markets. Our presence in many diverse
markets ensures that we understand local needs, which assists us
in serving our customers in each country with dedicated products
and solutions adapted to local requirements.

Scale through our Integrated and Global
Supply Chain

Our Global Supply Chain integrates over 200 factories and
more than 90 distribution centers in 45 countries, managing
500,000 references and processing 130,000 orders/day. With a
strong focus on customer satisfaction and operational efficiency
our Global Supply Chain continues to make significant progress in
both areas and in 2016 Schneider Electric was included in Gartner's
Supply Chain Top 25 Ranking for the first time, as a clear sign of
our achievements.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 6 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

2. Businesses, end-markets
and customer channels

Schneider Electric is organized into four businesses — Building, IT, Industry and Infrastructure — and operates in four
principal markets: non-residential & residential buildings, utilities & infrastructure, industry & machine manufacturers,

and data centers & networks.

The Group manages multiple market access channels built on strong partnerships.

Leadership positions in our businesses

Schneider Electric operations are organized in four businesses.
Building, IT, Industry and Infrastructure.

The Building business: Number 1
Worldwide in Low Voltage and Building
Automation

Low Voltage (“LV”) electrical distribution products and solutions
address the needs of all end-markets from residential to commercial
buildings, spanning across industries, infrastructures and data
centers. The offer portfolio is extensive and includes: protection
functions (such as circuit breakers), power monitoring and control,
power meters, electrical enclosures, busways, cable management
systems, power factor correction, products for living spaces (such
as wiring devices, network connectivity, home automation and
building controls), as well as renewable energy conversion and
connection equipment and electric vehicle charging infrastructures.

Building Automation facilitates comfort and energy efficiency
in non-residential buildings through automation and security
systems, including Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning
(“HVAC”) controllers, sensors, valves and actuators, programmable
regulators, centralized building management systems, space
optimization solutions, access control, video cameras and security
monitoring equipment.

The IT business: Number 1 Worldwide
in Critical Power and Cooling

The IT Business specializes in critical power products and solutions
for data centers and other applications where power continuity
and quality is essential. The portfolio includes single-phase and
three-phase Uninterruptable Power Supplies ("UPS"), plug-in surge
protection, IT enclosures, power distribution units, security and
cooling systems, services and software management.

The Industry business: Number 1
Worldwide, in Process Safety Systems,
Number 2 in Discrete Industrial
Automation and Number 4 in Discrete
and Process Automation

The Industry business scope includes both Process and Discrete
Automation, providing comprehensive products and solutions for
the automation and control of machines, manufacturing plants and
industrial sites. It includes hardware, such as distributed control
systems, safety shut down systems, field controllers, motion
controllers, variable speed drives, motor starters and contactors,
human-machine interface (“HMI”) operator panels, programmable
logic controllers (“PLC”), push buttons and signaling devices and
discrete sensors, as well as software for operations management
and supervisory control systems. The Industry business has a strong
installed base in: Distributed Control Systems and Instrumentation,
notably under the Foxboro brand, Safety Systems (Triconex), Drives
(Altivar), Sensors (Telemecanique) and PLC’s (Modicon), as well
as a strong industrial software offer for manufacturing operations
management (Wonderware), modeling/simulation (SimSci) and
asset management (Avantis).

The Infrastructure business: Number 1
Worldwide in Medium Voltage & Grid
Automation

The Infrastructure business provides our customers with the answer
to the complex equation of the energy transition. Historically, the
Infrastructure scope encompases primary and secondary medium
voltage switchgear, transformers, electrical network protection
and automation, remote control systems, and MV/LV substations.
With loT reaching power products, the Infrastructure business is
now further articulated around connected products and software

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 7 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

20

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

for the integrated management of mission-critical infrastructure
and Advanced Grid Solutions. Our software suite includes, for
example, Distribution Management Software (DMS), Operation
Management Software (OMS), Supervisory Control And Data
Acquisition (SCADA) software and pipeline management software.

Our products, software, solutions and associated services can be
delivered directly to our end-users or indirectly through different
channels under various models, ranging from transactional sales
to end-to-end project delivery.

Serving four attractive end-markets

Schneider Electric serves customers in four principal markets:

¢ Non-residential & Residential Buildings;
Utilities and Infrastructures;
@ Industries and Machine Manufacturers;
@ Data Centers and Networks.

Non-residential and residential buildings

The non-residential buildings market includes public, commercial
and industrial buildings such as offices, hotels, hospitals, shopping
malls, schools, sports and cultural centers. Because this sector is
energy intensive, energy efficiency is key and is subject to new and
demanding regulations. Specific requirements have to be met in
terms of occupant comfort, safety and environmental friendliness,
as do the needs of owners and building managers seeking to
reduce investment costs and optimize maintenance and operating
costs. Schneider Electric's non-residential customers include end-
users, property developers, design firms, systems integrators,
panel builders and installers, electrical equipment distributors and
building management companies.

In the context of single-family homes and apartment buildings,
Schneider Electric's market is driven both by renovation and
refurbishment needs, particularly in mature economies, as well
as by construction, particularly in new economies. Whether for
renovation or construction, the underlying challenge is to reconcile
technical constraints, local standards and regulations with consumer
preferences. They not only desire comfort and aesthetics, but
increasingly, energy efficiency, connectivity, security and monitoring
services as well. Residential customers include mainly electricians,
architects and decorators, those involved in the home automation
industry, lighting and security firms, construction firms, contractors,
electrical equipment distributors and large do-it-yourself (“DIY”)
stores, as well as end-users and home owners.

Utilities and infrastructures

Current global challenges in the utilities and infrastructure market
include increasing energy demand, the need for increased energy
efficiency to reduce environmental impact, and the development
of renewable energy sources on the grid causing more stability
concerns. This market also faces changes in regulations,
particularly those regarding demand response, and the growing
need for security, reliability, and real-time control to ensure
efficiency & stability. We believe these challenges provide long-
term growth prospects for Schneider Electric. Our main customers
in this market include energy operators, water utilities, the owners
and operators of transportation and oil & gas infrastructure and
municipalities.

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our energy and automation solutions enable us to serve almost all
segments of the industries and machine manufacturers market,
including the refining, petrochemical and oil & gas industries, mines,
cement plants, water & waste water industry, the food-processing
industry and material handling and packaging machines. Energy
and operational efficiency is at the heart of the challenges facing
these industries, which include the reduction of production
costs, compliance with new regulations, and the reduction of the
environmental impact of industrial activity. In addition, both the rapid
industrialization taking place in new economies and the need to
modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies create
significant opportunities for growth. Our customers include end-
users and professional intermediaries, engineering firms, systems
integrators, OEMs, electro-intensive industries, panel builders and
electrical distributors.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 8 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Data centers and networks

Data centers are secure, precision-cooled sites containing
Information Technology (IT) equipment that processes and
stores very large quantities of digital data. These sites are the nerve
centers of businesses and the public sector The expansion of data
centers requires a significant increase in electricity to accommodate
the IT equipment's operation and cooling, as the amount of energy
needed to cool these rooms has become comparable to the amount
of energy needed to operate the equipment itself.

Multiple accesses to markets

Customer satisfaction

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

Schneider Electric believes that data centers and networks are a
high-potential market due to the growing digitization of professional
and personal activities. With the development of internet giants
and cloud computing, the physical infrastructure of data centers
tends to be increasingly the business of dedicated players with
high performance expectations.

Customer satisfaction is an integral part of Schneider Electric’s growth strategy. Every contact with Schneider Electric
should be a positive experience that makes all customers, no matter who they are or where they are located, feel
understood and satisfied. This commitment is an important differentiating factor, and customer satisfaction surveys
are regularly carried out in all countries in which the Group operates, and employees attend related training programs.

Customers also have access to online diagnostics and support services (an e-catalogue, downloadable software and
online information and training).

Alarge portion of Group revenues is made through intermediaries
such as distributors, systems integrators, installers and purchasing
advisors, who all bring their own added value and know-how,
allowing the Group to access a number of different markets.

Distributors & retailers

Distributors account for approximately 45% of the Group's total
revenues through an extensive network in 190 countries all over
the world

Schneider Electric works with many different types of distributors:
local distributors, electrical wholesalers and generalist distributors
such as Graybar, CED Edmunson, Zhongyeda Electric, large
international groups such as Rexel, Sonepar, groups of independent
wholesalers like Imelco, Idee and Fegime, and IT specialists such
as Tech Data and Ingram Micro. In the residential renovation
sector, Schneider Electric also sells products through large home
improvement chains such as Home Depot and Lowes in the US,
Kingfisher in the UK and Saint-Gobain Distribution in France. In
addition, the Group uses specialized distribution channels for highly
technical products such as automation solutions and industrial
software, access control and security products.

Schneider Electric assists its distributors in advising their customers
and helping them to benefit from technical innovations. To maintain

a high performance network, the Group works hand in hand with
distributors on supply chain improvements, technical training and
joint marketing actions. Internet tools now occupy a dominant
position for sales, and above all, provide up-to-date information.
Through the e-Shop, distributors can link Schneider Electric's
product database to their e-commerce sites so that customers
have reliable 24/7 access to information

Other intermediaries & partners

Panel builders

Panel builders build and sell electrical distribution or control/
monitoring switchboards, primarily for the buildings, energy and
electricity infrastructure markets and industry. Their main customers
are contractors. Panel builders mostly buy low and medium voltage
devices, such as circuit breakers and contactors, and increasingly,
prefabricated systems. There are more than 35,000 panel-builders
throughout the world

Contractors

To design solutions tailored to end-users’ specific needs, Schneider
Electric works closely with contractors, small specialists or generalist
electricians, large companies that specialize in the installation
equipment and systems and designers.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

21


--- Page 9 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

22

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

Electricians & DIY stores

Electricians design and perform electrical installations, primarily in
residential and small non-residential buildings. Schneider Electric
supports electricians to operate more efficiently through a suite of
digital tools and technical support. Schneider Electric strengthens
its relationship with electricians by increasing their visibility to
end-users through different marketing actions including “installer
locators” on Schneider Electric's website. Schneider Electric has
one of the most comprehensive network of electricians worldwide.

DIY stores are a key channel to bring visibility of Schneider Electric's
offers to consumers as well as electricians. Schneider Electric
ensures that it assists them in marketing programs digitally on their
e-commerce sites as well as in their physical stores.

All of the partners mentioned above contribute their own added
value to end-customers, first by advising them on the choice of
solutions added that best suit their needs and then by installing
efficient systems thanks to a suite of web-based digital tools
called “Building Life Management”. The main objective for
Schneider Electric is to support them in the rapid development
of solutions and technologies for the residential market: lighting,
temperature and door/window management systems, recharging
equipment for electric vehicles and renewable energy solutions.

In order to strengthen a relationship based on mutual trust and
added value, Schneider Electric partners actively with contractors,
providing technical training and support. To maximize our business
impact, we have a multichannel communication model through
personal and digital means, thanks to our Partner Relationship
Management (PRM) platform

In this regard, the EcoXpert program aims to secure special
partnerships with certain specialized contractors, with whom
Schneider Electric shares all its expertise on renewable energy
and energy efficiency solutions and services. The EcoXpert network
is being developed in many countries throughout the world

Systems integrators

System integrators design, develop and support automation
systems to meet their customers’ needs for the performance,
reliability, precision and efficiency of their operations. By providing
global coverage and local contacts, they offer their clients a high
degree of flexibility.

Schneider Electric has considerably expanded its automation
line-up, giving systems integrators access to a powerful platform
covering all areas of automation, from field control to Manufacturing
Execution Systems (MES).

Specialists

To meet their customers’ growing demand for comfort, ergonomics
and design, specialists (engineers, architects and design firms) are
constantly looking for more efficient and better integrated solutions
for energy management, as well as for access control, security, and
building automation

They are therefore essential partners for Schneider Electric's growth,
notably in the high-potential buildings and residential markets,
which include the construction and renovation of single-family
homes and apartment buildings.

Schneider Electric provides information and training tools for
specialists, such as dedicated showrooms, electrical installation
guides, installation design software and training methods.

End-users

Original Equipment Manufacturers

Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) continuously seek
to improve machine price/performance and time-to-market in
segments ranging from packaging to textiles, conveyors, materials
handling, hoisting and HVAC. Schneider Electric is one of the market
leader in these segments, and works closely with over 15,000 OEMs.
The Group leverages its expertise and know-how to nurture these
special partnerships. This is mainly achieved through

@ an extensive knowledge of OEM applications;

a continuous R&D effort to develop innovative, high-
performance and cost-effective offers and solutions;

dedicated centers of excellence that offer the most competitive
solutions for new machines, in particular, pre-tested, pre-
developed and personalized solutions;

@ international customer support to deliver high-performance
after-sales service worldwide;

@a dedicated program for multi-site and/or global OEMs

that enhances their ability to offer superior solutions on an
international scale.

Other large end-users and strategic accounts

Schneider Electric also addresses customers directly in a number
of end-markets, including in particular:

¢@ Automotive, where the Group serves large automotive
equipment manufacturers;

Cloud & Finance, in which the Group provides comprehensive
solutions for customers including internet giants, as well as in
telecoms, co-location, and finance sub-segments;

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 10 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

@ in Healthcare, the Group serves hospitals, clinics, labs, and life
sciences manufacturing;

¢ Food & Beverage, in which the Group serves customers in
various types of food processing industries;

@ Mining, Minerals & Metals, which includes customers in mining,
cement, metals, and other bulk materials;

¢ Oil & Gas, in which the Group provides integrated solutions
and high performance systems, software and services to oil
companies and EPCs, from production to processing and
supply chain;

in Utilities, the Group serves companies producing, delivering,
and/or selling electricity to customers;

Competitive landscape

The main global competitors of Schneider Electric, by technology,
are:

¢ low-voltage and building automation: ABB, Siemens, Eaton,
Legrand, Johnson Controls;

¢ medium-voltage distribution & grid automation: ABB,
Siemens, Eaton, GE;

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

¢ Water & Waste Water includes customers across the entire
water cycle, from water resources to water distribution,
sewerage and treatment.
Schneider Electric has established a dedicated organization
for global customers, “strategic accounts”, with the purpose of
developing privileged relationships with them. To meet these
customer expectations, the Group offers “preferred supplier
contracts” and dedicated customer support to ensure that they
receive the highest quality services,

This organization is based on short lines of communication and
decision-making, rapid mobilization of Group resources throughout
the world, and dedicated teams in which management is directly
involved

Schneider Electric serves 89 global customers including Apple,
BHP Billiton, EDF, ExxonMobil, Nestlé and Veolia Environnement.

¢@ discrete and process automation: Siemens, Rockwell
Automation, ABB, Emerson, Honeywell, Yokogawa;

¢ critical power & cooling for IT and non-IT applications:
Vertiv, Eaton.

Other regional and emerging market competitors include: Chint,

Weg, Larsen & Toubro and Delta Electronics.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

23


--- Page 11 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

24

Ambitious long-term financial targets for attractive shareholder returns

3. Ambitious long-term financial targets
for attractive shareholder returns

Schneider Electric's opportunities, strategy and business positioning
have led its management to define ambitious long-term targets for
the company. Over the long term, the key priorities remain focused
on profitable growth, cash conversion and capital efficiency.

Two sets of targets have been defined: business performance
targets and capital efficiency targets.

Across the economic cycle) performance targets:

Average organic revenue growth: 3 to 6% across the cycle;
@ Adjusted EBITA: margin between 13% and 17% of revenues;
¢ Cash conversion: c.100% of net profit converted into free cash flow.

YI
Across the business cycle capital efficiency targets:
¢@ ROCE™: between 11% and 15%;
Dividend: payout c.50% of net income;
¢ Capital structure: retain a strong investment grade credit rating.
NY

At its Investor Day in October 2016, the company also highlighted
its growth initiatives, near term business focus and indicated the
following financial objectives for 2017-2019:

1. revenue organic growth:

¢ targeting average organic growth of around 3% over the
next 3 years, excluding Infrastructure, with a gradual ramp-
up through the years. Infrastructure focus is on profitability
enhancement;

2. improve profitability and deliver organic growth in
adjusted EBITA:

a targeted +20bps-50bps average organic improvement
in adjusted EBITA margin over the next 3 years driven by
organic top line growth, improvement in mix and systems

profitability, positive net pricing, industrial productivity and
Support Function Costs efficiency,

¢ the Infrastructure business is focusing on improving its
profitability and its “Rebound” plan is aimed at bringing the
adjusted EBITA margin of the division to a"10% to mid-teen”
level across the economic cycle,

based on the targeted organic growth and the adjusted
margin improvement, the Group targets a yearly average
+4% to +7% organic growth in adjusted EBITA over the next
3 years,

the Group is targeting strong growth in underlying EPS over
the next 3 years due to solid organic growth in adjusted
EBITA, lower cost of financing, and its share buyback
program.

(1) Schneider Electric defines a business cycle as a period including a slowdown and an expansion, or a period in between. This concept allows
investors to estimate the Group's long-term growth potential across a business cycle. The length of a business cycle can vary and cannot be
forecasted

(2) ROCE is defined as: adjusted EBITA after tax/Average capital employed. Capital employed is defined as: Shareholders’ equity + Net finan-
cial debt + Adjustment for associates and financial assets.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 12 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Company history and development

4. Company history and development

History

From its beginnings in steel during the Industrial Revolution
180 years ago, to electricity and, more recently, to energy
management, the Group has undertaken significant changes in its
operations throughout its history.

1836-1980: a Family Business becomes
a Major Player

1836: Brothers Adolphe and Joseph-Eugene Schneider have taken
over an abandoned foundry in Le Creusot, France and, two years
later, create Schneider & Cie, focusing primarily on the steel industry.
Schneider & Cie has grown rapidly, specializing in the production of
heavy machinery and transportation equipment, and eventually has
become the Schneider Group, a diversified conglomerate.

1975: the Schneider Group acquired an interest in Merlin Gerin,
one of the top manufacturers of electrical distribution equipment in
France that has been involved in the electricity sector since 1920.

1981-2001: the Schneider Group
refocuses on the Electricity Sector

1981-1997: Schneider Group refocused on the electrical industry
by divesting its non-strategic assets, such as its public works
company, Spie Batignolles. Schneider Group undertook a series
of strategic acquisitions: Telemecanique in 1988, Square D in 1991
and Merlin Gerin in 1992.

1999: Schneider Group acquired Lexel, one the largest Europe's
suppliers of installation systems and control solutions. In May 1999
the Group has been renamed Schneider Electric, to clearly
emphasize its expertise in the electrical field

Since 2002: a Strategic Transformation

At the turn of the 2000s, Schneider Electric radically rethought its
growth strategy, setting itself three goals:

ensuring a more balanced exposure to its strategic end-markets;

@ enhancing its portfolio of historical operations (electricity
distribution, automation and industrial control) with adjacent
and synergetic businesses in order to boost its organic growth
potential; and

anticipating the future energy requirements of companies and
individuals.

This strategy led Schneider Electric to conduct a number of
strategic acquisitions both in mature countries and in new
economies targeting companies offering complementary products
and solutions.

From Power & Control to Energy Management and Automation

Strengthening its leadership in Low
Voltage Distribution

¢ We have been a long-time leader through our Merlin Gerin and
Square D brands.

@ We have reinforced our Wiring Devices and ultra terminal offer
with several acquisitions: Clipsal in 2003, OVA, Merten and
GET in 2006, Marisio and Wessen in 2008.

¢ We grew our portfolio in renewables conversion with Xantrex
in 2008.

¢ We grew our presence in new economies with the acquisition
of Delixi in China, Conzerv in India (2009) and Steck group in
Brazil (2011).

Building a global leader in Medium
Voltage & Grid Automation

@ We have historically been one of the leading players in medium
voltage electrical distribution products and equipment.

¢ With the acquisition of Areva T&D (Areva's medium Voltage
Distribution Division) in June 2010, we became world leader in
medium voltage and grid automation

In 2010, the Group acquired 50% of Electroshield-T Samara, a
leading medium voltage company in Russia. In 2013, Schneider
Electric acquired full ownership of this company, transforming
Russia into a key market for the Group and turning Schneider
Electric into a key player in the oil, gas and mining industry, as
well as to develop energy efficiency and smart grid.

¢@ With the acquisition of Telvent in 2011, a Spanish software
company with a strong presence in North America, we became
global leader in ADMS (Advanced Distribution Management
Systems), supporting the monitoring and management of
large electrical distribution networks.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

25


--- Page 13 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

26

Company history and development

Developing a global leader in Industrial
Automation and Control

@ We have been a long time leader in discrete automation
through our Telemecanique brand.

@ We reinforced our Industrial Automation & Control portfolio
with the acquisition of Citect in 2006, RAM Industries in 2008,
Cimac and SCADA group in 2010 and Leader & Harvest
in 2011

@ In January 2014, we closed the acquisition of Invensys plc.
This strategic move allows us to enter the process automation
world and reinforces our position in integrated industrial
automation and electro-intensive segments.

Building a global leader in Critical Power

¢ We identified Critical Power as a key technology for our portfolio
and gained majority control of MGE UPS in 2004.

@ We became a world leader with the acquisition of American
Power Conversion (APC) in 2007, the US-based world leader
in single-phase and three-phase UPS with operations on all
continents and USD2.5 billion in revenues.

Recent external growth

In 2015 and 2016, Schneider Electric further optimized its offer
Portfolio to strengthen its focus on core businesses and drive the
Group's performance:

@ in October 2015, Schneider Electric reached an agreement to
sell Juno Lighting to Acuity Brands. Juno is a North American
supplier, specialized in recessed and track lighting fixtures, in
both residential and commercial sectors. Schneider Electric
finalized the sale in December 2015;

¢@ We expanded our operations in new economies with the
acquisition of UPS manufacturer Microsol Tecnologia in Brazil
in 2009 and the acquisition of APW in India in 2011.

@ In 2011, we broadened our portfolio with cooling offers from
Uniflair, data center services from Lee Technologies and
backup power storage from Luminous.

Creating a major player in Building
Automation & Security
@ As the result of several acquisitions, in particular TAC in 2003,

Andover Controls in 2004 and Invensys Building Systems
in 2005, we became a major player in building automation.

°

We entered the video security market in 2007 with the
acquisition of Pelco.

In recent years we have further developed our operations in
mature countries, in particular through the acquisition of two
pioneering French companies in 2010: Vizelia, a provider of
software that monitors the energy consumption of buildings in
real time, and D5X, a specialist in solutions optimizing the use
of commercial buildings.

°

@ The acquisitions of Summit Energy (2011) and M&C Energy
group (2012) increased our expertise in energy procurement
services.

°

in April 2016, Schneider Electric finalized the sale of its
Transportation business to Kapsch TrafficCom AG. The
Transportation business targets major cities, highways and
infrastructure operators in the world. It offers a large range
of solutions and services in the areas of traffic, tolling, tunnel
and transit, which make mobility more efficient, safe and
sustainable.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 14 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Company history and development

Change management through company programs

“Schneider is On”, Schneider Electric’s
company program (2015-2020)

“Schneider is On”, Schneider Electric’s
company program for the 2015-2020 period, is
yielding strong results.

The company program is structured around five initiatives to
deliver more value to customers and shareholders:

1. Do more for the customers to create more opportunities
for them, and for Schneider Electric

The Group aims in this initiative to bring more value to
customers and more business to partners, a better intimacy
and an access to specialists, a consistent project execution
and a unique and flexible delivery experience.

2. Simplify the operations for increased efficiency

Simplifying work and operations makes the difference to the
customers. The Group targets to simplify its management
setup to make the company leaner, further increase supply-
chain productivity, optimize R&D efficiency and solution
execution and increase sales force efficiency. Overall the
Group targets to generate by the end of 2017 c. EUR1 billion
of industrial productivity and c. EUR 0.7-0.8 billion gross ‘
SFC savings by 2017.

3. Digitize for customers, for efficiency and simpli

ty

The Group's offers will be more connected, enabling new
services and improving its customers life. The digital customer
experience will be improved to deliver an end-to-end simple
and intuitive partner and customer experience.

4. Innovate to support growth

The innovation will focus on delivering the right products and
solutions for customers in a focused and short timeframe. In
addition, Schneider Electric will continue to be a partner of
choice in sustainability in its innovations and its operations
and will be measuring its progress through the Planet &
Society barometer 2015-2017.

5. “Step Up” people
This initiative is focusing on increasing the competency of
Schneider Electric employees through stronger collaboration,
enhanced training and a culture of high performance while
continuing to have a strong engagement for diversity and
workspace satisfaction.

(1) Before inflation and reinvestment.

2016 marked the second year of the Group's “Schneider is On"
company program, in which the following achievements were
disclosed:

Within our Do More initiative:
@c. +1% organic growth for the Group excluding Systems &
Transformers;

¢ Systems Gross Margin up ~+40bps (~+70bps before FX)
thanks to grater selectivity and better execution;

Services are up +5% organically in 2016;
Global Strategic Account Orders up mid-teen

Within our Simplify initiative:

 c. €620m Gross Support Function cost reduction plus industrial
productivity in 2016 (c. ~€1.3bn since 2015).

Within our Digitize initiative:

The number of connected assets increased +15% vs. 2015;
¢ Unique connected customers, +40% since 2015.

Within our Innovate initiative:

¢ Numerous key launches of products, control platforms and
software within EcoStruxure.io;

@ Planet & Society Barometer reached 8.48/10.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

27


--- Page 15 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Research & Development

5. Research & Development

Innovation is the key to our company’s growth. Schneider Electric has had a history
of innovations over the past 100 years.

Changes in our world are more profound than ever. New technologies, enabling distributed and connected energy for the first time,
challenge us to redefine the way we live our lives. Schneider Electric invents technologies that will transform the places where we
live, work, and play. As the global specialist in energy management and automation, we create connected technologies that reshape
industries, transform cities and enrich lives. At Schneider Electric, we call this Life Is On. Life Is On when life is energized, efficient
and connected. And life gets richer and more sustainable when energy gets safer, more reliable, and more efficient. Our promise is
to make sure Life Is On for everyone, everywhere and at every moment.

Schneider Electric shares its expertise in energy management, industrial automation, and process efficiency to help people connect
to an always-on world. During 2016 we launched EcoStruxure™ which is the Schneider Electric loT-enabled open and interoperable
system architecture and platform delivering enhanced value around safety, reliability, efficiency, sustainability and connectivity for
our customers.

By definition, the Internet of Things (loT) is simply the inter-networking of physical devices to collect and exchange data via internet
protocol (IP). The true power and applicable value of loT becomes evident when it is connected with five emerging technology
transformations that accelerate our capacity to converge OT and IT systems: mobility, cloud, sensing, analytics and cybersecurity.
With EcoStruxure™, we have leveraged these advancements to deliver innovation at every level, from Connected Products to Edge
Control to Applications, Analytics and Services. We deliver our innovative solutions through tested and validated future-proof reference
architectures that enable the design of end-to-end, open, interoperable and connected systems.

Our EcoStruxure™ platform enables design and operation of connected systems at scale with best-in-class security built around
three core capabilities: (1) enabling technologies for embedded connectivity and intelligence, (2) building blocks for smart operations,
and (3) the infrastructure for cloud-connected digital services.

I

| Building [ Data = ( Industry Ee»

Apps, Analytics, and Services

End-to-end Cloud

Cyber and/or
Security On-premise

Connected Products

Building Power Data Center Machine Plant Grid

28 2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 16 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

During 2016 the Group launched more than 300 innovative offers
across its Businesses: Building, IT, Infrastructure and Industry.
The 25 most significant launches were highlighted during our first
ever Innovation Pulse in Singapore in September 2016, such as
MasterPact MTZ, Galaxy VX, Premset, and Wonderware Online.

In 2016 several technology leaders participated in a study of
Lessons Learned on R&D Projects about how to innovate faster
and better at the core

1. Improve Customer Intimacy and Insights with evolved Offer
Management practices;

2. Improve Accountability through improved Project Management
and Governance;

3. Improve R&D Culture and Leverage R&D Competencies to
live with the R&D Footprint diversity and complexity;

4. Introduce Lean and Agile methodologies to the traditional
Offer Development Waterfall Process;

Emerging trends that appeared in the last five years, like the
Internet of things (“loT”), digitization and IT/OT convergence, are
now shaping Schneider Electric's R&D strategy and investments.
They are impacting the way products and systems are architected,
developed, delivered and serviced, with significant value added
for our customers.

Digitization and loT

In addition to beyond personal devices, loT presents a huge
opportunity in industrial systems. It enables significant increase in
the number of measure and control points and, as a consequence,
allowing for maximum energy efficiency and optimized asset
availability and performance. Since 2000, Schneider Electric
has invested in research programs to develop ultra-low power,
wireless “pervasive sensing” devices, some of which have already
reached the industrialization phase, just in time to contribute to
such solutions.

Sensors working up to ten years off a button-size battery while
transmitting data over wireless “mesh” networks are now available.
Their lifetime cost is up to ten times lower than classical wired
sensors and will revolutionize the way buildings and factories are
monitored and controlled. Other wireless, energy harvesting self-
powered sensors measuring both the temperature and the power
intensity, and complying with the tough mission profile imposed
by the demanding environment of our customers are about to be
launched on the market.

All of the smart sensors rely on technology platforms providing
proven components whether for the physical measure, data
processing, power supply or harvesting and wireless transmission.
On the latter topic, long-range radio technologies like LoRa and
SigFox have received specific attention over the last 2 years, leading
to the first deployments by the end of 2015.

Research & Development

5. Evolve the current Offer Introduction Process to the Winning
Offer Launch Process;

6. Set up Strategic Portfolio Management consistent with
Strategic Initiatives and Big Bets;

7. Practice Open Innovation with Startups and Universities;

8. Co-R&D with Partner Companies.

These findings will be used to improve the way we perform R&D at
Schneider in the years to come.

In the rest of the chapter we will provide a progress update of our
innovations in different areas at Schneider Electric: (1) Legeraving
technological advances, (2) Delivering truly innovative solutions,
(3) Improving the efficiency of R&D, (4) Grow through Innovation,
(5) Financing innovative start-ups.

Leveraging technological advances

R&D efforts are now focusing on the ease of deploying and running
large networks of such sensors and the scalability and security
of the infrastructure needed to harness the data coming from
these networks. The cloud based Digital Services Platform, was
developed by Schneider Electric over the last four years to address
these two challenges. Dozens of pilots are underway with business
units and external partners, leveraging a library of analytics
modules developed in the context of the Operational Intelligence
program. Using mobile technology, the insights delivered by these
analytics are packaged into simple, yet powerful, “context aware”
applications. Thanks to geo-localization, the information can literally
find its way to the person needing it most, depending on where he/
she is. Once advised, another set of mobile based applications,
including augmented reality, further guide the user to transform
these insights into action.

By combining three platforms; the Smart Sensor Platform, the
Embedded Control Platform and the Digital Services Platform
Schneider Electrics provide a consistent and interoperable value
chain starting from data acquisition, continuing with data processing
and transmission and up to data storage and analytics to present
actionable dashboards to our customers.

Optimization and Analytics

Since 2015, major evolutions have occurred in Schneider Electric
in the Optimization and Analytics domain: exchanges within
the Group enabled a good characterization of the potential
for future connected offers and related analytics, as well as a
complementary view of relevant analytics for non-connected (or less
connected) offers; the Digital Services Platform (DSP) reached
a level of maturity which enables its use in applications managing
significant amounts of data and integrating analytics.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

29


--- Page 17 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

30

Research & Development

Technology anticipation addressed different types of actions:

¢ Exploration of analytics for connected offers in a variety
of contexts: homes, senior residences, commercial buildings,
and industrial plants. In most cases, the exploration of new
use cases builds on the premise that the analytics will be
implemented on top of the Digital Services Platform and will
enable (i) better understanding of correlations between data
and (ii) use of understanding to improve operational and/or
investment decisions. In some cases, this exploration led to a
prototype of a brick that could be reused for other applications.
External collaborations have been important, e.g., the Tribute
European project, a PhD partnership with the University of
Grenoble Alpes, on machine learning for virtual sensors,
and joint work with Duke University on the use of a machine
learning algorithm to optimize temperature control;

¢ Investigation of condition monitoring and diagnosis
analytics for asset performance management, often but not
necessarily, in the context of a connected offer. Both data-
oriented (machine learning) models and explicit (more or
less complex) physical models can be used for this purpose,
inducing very different constraints on the data requirements
and global solution architecture. The analytics are used to
improve the reliability, availability, maintainability and safety
of devices and systems. Important partners in 2015 included
Uppsala University (IT Business), and the University of
Grenoble Alpes;

¢ Analytics for planning and control for electrical networks
(Infrastructure Business), HVAC in buildings and data centers
(Building and IT Businesses) or industrial systems such as
mines, cement plants, water networks, pipelines, refineries,
food and beverage plants (Industry Businesses). Following
the acquisitions of the previous years, Schneider Electric
already has a significant offer in this domain, but the frontiers
continuously move as technology progresses and with the
increasing availability of more and more data. In particular,
progress on energy optimization in residential districts and
in manufacturing plants has been enabled in the context of
the Ambassador, Hyllie Smart Grid, and Arrowhead European
cooperative projects, as well as with two PhD partnerships with
the GIPSA and LIRMM laboratories. For electrical networks,
our partnership with Mines ParisTech has been complemented
by anew PhD collaboration with G2ELab and INRIA.

Modeling and Simulation

Regarding lifetime cost, the design phase of industrial projects plays
acritical role in reducing both time and cost of system deployment.
Invensys, acquired by Schneider Electric in January 2014, is a
leader in the simulation of complex continuous processes, such
as refineries or chemical plants. During the design phase, the plant

can be simulated to optimize its design, validate its performance
and start operator training before it is even built. The IT Division
has developed a similar set of tools for data centers, including 3D
thermal simulations to validate the design of the cooling system.

R&D teams are working to generalize this offering to any kind
of industrial system, including large and complex buildings like
hospitals, in partnership with the leading CAD/CAE suppliers in
these domains. Filling the gap between design and operational
systems will not only decrease design-and-build costs but also
those linked to maintaining and developing systems over the 30+
years’ life expectancy that is common in some industries.

Within five years, one can expect that industrial systems will be
developed like modern software, starting from a model of the
process, followed by a simulation based on this model, developed
and tested “against” the model and finally deployed on totally
standardized hardware.

This vision connects to the next generation EcoStruxure™
announced on November 2016. Its three layers of technology
innovation are concerned by the leading edge competencies of
Schneider-Electric on Modeling and Simulation. The first layer,
addressing the Connected Products, takes benefit of the Modeling
and Simulation at the heart of the design by providing an extended
capability of integration, verification and validation. The two next
layers, respectively the Edge Control layer, and “Apps, Analytics
and Service”, will differentiate their offer thanks to the Digital Twins
and Surrogate models. In 2016 Schneider-Electric has reinforced
its advanced skillset on these two new uses of the models.

Beyond the Digital Twin is the concept of Cyber-Physical
Systems...the embodiment of Industry 4.0. When a physical
system is connected in a symbiotic relationship with its virtual
representation, the resulting interconnected system becomes a
single “cyber-physical system”. At the Internet of Things Solutions
World Congress in Barcelona, in 2016, Schneider Electric provided
an interactive experience in which users could view health and
status data from a set of orientable solar panels, receive training
in installation and field maintenance procedures, and even control
the physical orientation of the array.

The cyber-physical system is innovative and distinguished from
existing solutions in the augmented reality space because its bi-
directional communication truly blends the virtual and physical
worlds, not just pixels. It is made possible by synching a system
model (or any of its submodels) to the model-based system it
represents, such that any state change in the model is reflected in
real-time in the system and vice versa. During the design process,
data elements within the system model that influence system state
are identified. These key data points are modified to accept external
input that overrides simulation input. Similarly, sensors and actuators
are placed on corresponding real-world interfaces and are set to
accept simulation stimulus as override.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 18 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Research & Development

Delivering truly innovative solutions

The advances mentioned above generate innovation across market
segments, all the way from residential to smart cities, as illustrated
in these few examples.

Buildings

Residential

Moving towards embedded, metering everywhere in the electrical
panel, we introduced Powertag, an innovative offer able to measure
any power consumption, to within 1% precision. This is available
for retrofit as the form factor is compatible with all circuit breakers
whether one phase or three phase. This is embracing the loT
world where measure is the core and where connectivity and
cloud services will bring more added value to customers. The core
technology of this sensing offer is protected by numerous patents.

Arc Fault Detection devices are rapidity becoming more widespread,
driven by theUS market. These provide is a way to reduce electrical
fires. Mandatory in the US and soon the IEC world this will lead to
electrical safety in every home for a increased peace of mind.

Non-Residential

Facility Hero and Facility Insight are 2 software offers that are
bringing facility managers a new way to monitor their assets.
This cloud based software available on mobile devices allows
measurement, monitoring and alerts, allowing the facility manager
to get the best out of the assets and ensuring a better quality of
services.

The opening of the Edge building in the Netherlands is the
best illustration of advanced building technology. It manages to
combine shows element of electric distribution, energy storage and
advanced control in the profitable energy solutions for apartment
building and the workplace.

Utilities & Infrastructures

Low voltage electrical distribution panels, in addition to ensuring the
safety of the assets they power, collect a large amount of data that
can be used to optimize their performance. For example, analyzing
the frequency of a motor's electrical feedback can allow detection
of wear and the potential failure of its bearings or the equipment
powers. Thanks again to the low cost of the loT platform, every
distribution panel shipped by Schneider Electric or its partners is
now connected to the cloud. Data and process experts collaborate
to analyze the patterns in the data coming from the panels to
come up with novel ways of optimizing their performance. Once
developed in the cloud, the corresponding algorithms will be
optimized and implemented in the smart meters and breakers
built into the panel, thus making it smarter and smarter. The remote
connection of distribution panels to the platform enables services
such as demand response, allowing the aggregation of multiple

buildings and/or factories into significant capacity units that utilities
can call upon at peak times.

Medium voltage products are becoming smarter, for instance with
the new generation of wireless thermal sensor contributing to the
predictive maintenance of switchgear panels. Pilot projects in
asset performance management have been executed in different
applications segments relying on multiple condition monitoring
algorithms for circuit breakers and transformers. The latest cyber-
security standards developed for substation environments are
being integrated at product and system level and type tested with
customers. Security of operation is being further developed through
the usage of mobile technologies. Innovative services are being
tested with utilities in order to improve grid performances. Electro-
technical architectures have been optimized for data centers where
power distribution increasingly uses medium voltage.

Industries & Machine Manufactures

As End Users and OEMs re-examine their automation and operation
management strategies to take advantage of the Industrial loT,
enable operational excellence and improve overall business
performance, EcoStruxure™ architectures for Machines and Plants
play a key role in managing convergence between informational
technology and operational technology through connected
products, edge control and applications, analytics services while
ensuring cyber-security.

Eliwell by Schneider Electric is the first on the market to offer a
plug & play remote monitoring solution for cold refrigeration.
Televisblue offer takes the best of loT to connect controllers and to
monitor small and medium supermarkets through a web interface:
overall monitoring of multiple installations from one place, at any
time available within a few minutes of installation thanks to its pre-
activated starter kit

Eurotherm by Schneider Electric introduced the groundbreaking
Eurotherm Online Services. Offering real-time compliance status
access and certificates from anywhere, anytime. EOS Advisor
allows you to manage your equipment and staff more efficiently with
one integrated system that meets all your compliance requirements
and the EOS tablet application for calibration (eCAT™) improves
the consistency of your calibration process.

The Maintenance Response Center is new software within the
Foxboro Evo™ Process Automation system that provides decision
support to maintenance supervisors and their teams. It offers plant-
wide insight into the health and performance of physical assets
and the context to understand how to take the best course of
action. The Maintenance Response Center offers a single window
of easy access to the most up-to-date information on plant-wide
asset conditions. Maintenance teams are notably provided with
early visibility and insight into asset condition to drive a proactive
maintenance approach that maximizes operational efficiency.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

31


--- Page 19 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

32

Research & Development

Vijeo 360, our innovative augmented reality software application for
mobile devices uses the device's camera to recognize cabinets and
machines and then superimpose real-time data and virtual objects
onto them, giving operators and technicians immediate access to
relevant information and guidance to reduce downtime and improve
maintenance efficiency.

Cybersecurity concerns continue to expand in the Industrial sector,
with directed attacks creating losses for companies and disruptions
for general citizens, with undirected or semi-directed attacks such
as ransomware moving into industrial control rooms and with a
general raising of the level of risk awareness in boardrooms.

In response, Industry Business continues to increase the security
and differentiation of its offers, with certification of 2 additional
products to IEC 62443, an expansion of security on specific offers
such as PLC certification for use in the Chinese power sector and
an expansion of specific product features to create market leading
devices (drives, PLC's, signed software) while also ensuring security
of the lloT space with secure cloud and remote access offers.

Our strategy of combining improved offer security with best-in-
class offers from partners continues with McAfee and Observable
networks being added as cybersecurity partners within the
Collaborative Automation Partner Program as well as some work
starting with other start-up or small companies.

Data Centers & Networks

Large (> 2MW) data center builds are seeing the highest growth
in this segment as Internet Service Providers continue to add
capacity to support “Big Data” workloads and enterprise digital
transformation efforts. These include centralized public cloud
data centers, as well as regional public clouds that are housed in
colocation facilities in urban areas. Schneider Electric specializes in
power, cooling, rack and infrastructure and building management

solutions that optimize energy and operating costs for data center
operators that also demand reliable systems that can easily scale
as their workloads increase. Riding the wave of data center builds
in this range, next generation versions of industry leading Air
Economizer cooling and 3-Phase Galaxy UPS offers arrive to the
market this year, providing unique energy efficiency and power
scalability features. Large UPS lifecycle costs and physical footprint
is further minimized as more and more offers become available with
Lithium-ion batteries.

To meet the rapid deployment challenges of our hyperscale web
services and colocation customers, Schneider Electric is making
investments in its prefabricated data center solutions business with
new, dedicated manufacturing sites to greatly reduce lead times and
to increase its ability to customize solutions to user requirements.
Further, a next generation infrastructure innovation called HyperPod
will launch to provide a fully contained and secure architecture for
rack-based IT deployments, providing fast installation and flexibility
to scale.

While data storage and performance processing applications are
handled by cloud-based services, requirements for low latency,
regional computing at the “edge” is an emerging trend. Such
edge IT deployments support real-time control and deterministic
data handling where data security and sovereignty are required
Schneider Electric will expand its range of packaged micro data
centers that can be populated with computing equipment and
shipped to the site as a turn-key solution. The latest version of these
micro data centers, developed in partnership with Hewlett Packard
Enterprise for edge applications, was announced this year earlier.

Data center operations services continue to be a growing need
for the Group customers and Schneider Electric has taken major
steps in expanding service offers to provide the benefit of reduced
response time through automation of systems.

Improving the efficiency of R&D

While the deployment of technology platforms has allowed
reductions in both cost and lead time of bringing new products to
market, this new complexity requires an upgrade of development
methods and tools. Schneider Electric's NextGen PLM program
optimizes its Information Systems with a redefined architecture, data
model, and tools for an end-to-end data flow. This will also reduce
the risk of aging and obsolete Product Information Management
Systems. The Group's pragmatic building block approach to PLM
will be driven by building a strong data IT platform followed by
incremental improvements based upon the identification of key
capabilities; the choice of suitable solutions; and setting a feasible
path to deliver the maximum impact on performance and costs in
the shortest time.

The Group is also building a Model Based Systems Engineering
(MBSE) framework including processes, tools and data models for
Schneider Electric. This MBSE framework enables the application
of advanced modeling techniques throughout systems engineering
stages to represent and test dynamic and static properties of
a system. Starting with customer requirements expressed by
marketing, a model of the product and/or system is developed
This model can be used to generate mockups that can be validated
and can evolve with customers before any R&D is committed.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 20 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

The validated model then becomes the reference from which the
mechanics, electronics and software design team can work in
parallel. From the model, engineers can query libraries of reusable
components, developed on the technology platforms now common
to all businesses, thus accelerating projects while reducing risks.
Successive versions are tested against the model, and again
with customers, ensuring that final integration and testing will go
smoothly.

Initial proofs of concept have confirmed the potential of MBSE by
demonstrating complete traceability from Stakeholder Needs to
Code as well as demonstrating advanced verification techniques
for correctness and coherency of system models. In 2017, pilots
are under way that will finalize the systems engineering platform
that will enable world class systems design and test capabilities
for all of Schneider Electric.

Growth through Innovation

The Growth through Innovation program, which started in 2015,
to accelerate innovation and time to market, to make selective,
focused R&D investments, and to out-innovate our competition has
accelerated the transformation in 2016 through 5 main streams

1. we finalized the transformation of Offer innovation practices to
boost Innovation in Core & Adjacent offers (Voice of Customer
and Lean Innovation methods);

2. we sought to speed up open Innovation with our Eco-System
(universities, start-up Companies, suppliers, and partners)
and identified 20 Open Innovation projects in 2016;

3. we started introducing lean practices in Product Offer
Development and finalized the agile deployment in Software
Offer Development;

Financing innovative start-up

In 2000, Schneider Electric created an investment structure called
Schneider Electric Ventures to invest in high-tech start-ups whose
innovations fit with the Group's future development. In 2010,
Schneider Electric Ventures became Aster Capital Partners with
the launch of a new capital investment fund to finance innovative
start-ups operating within the areas of energy, new materials and
the environment. This second fund received a capital subscription
of EUR105 million, from Schneider Electric (EUR40 million), Alstom
(EUR30 million), Solvay (EUR15 million) and in 2012 from the
European Investment Fund (EUR20 million), a benchmark financial
partner in Europe.

Research & Development

In order to support the Digitization of Schneider Electric, the
IT function is adapting its operating model to be more flexible
and business value driven. On this journey, Schneider Electric
is implementing end to end IT services aligned with identified
business capabilities required for new products, solutions and
services development. End-to-end IT services directly support
one or more business capabilities by providing all the IT platforms,
technologies, processes, information, and IT support required. IT —
Business collaboration is evolving due to greater business partner
diversity and digital maturity, a wider range of IT activities beyond
technology delivery and a broader range of business opportunities
in all functions. Ensuring better alignment of IT services with
business priorities will improve global R&D efficiency.

4. we designed a tailored Launch process for hero Offers and
started the transformation of the Offer LAUNCH practices
from a “Time to Market” to a “Time to Profit” approach;

5. we deployed new practices in Projects portfolio Management
to rebalance between horizons 1, 2 and 3, and be selective,
focusing on the best growth opportunities.

To support this transformation, we started a change management
plan to educate the Offer Creation actors and managers in the
innovation culture

project Managers empower, train and hold teams accountable;

@ all functions of Offer Creation projects (offer marketing,
engineering, industrialization, etc.) practice the best-in-
class innovation methods (ideation with crowd sourcing,
experimentation with Design Thinking, 3D proof of concept
and lean start-up).

Managing a portfolio of partnership
opportunities

The mission of Aster is to purchase minority interests in innovative
start-ups in the fields of energy and the environment based in
Europe, Israel, North America and Asia. The scouting activities
constitute a source of particularly productive partnerships and
forge contacts with about 1,700 small and mid-sized businesses
around the world each year. In 2016, five new investments have
been realized, joining the first 14 companies already in the portfolio,
including Lucibel (FR), Iceotope (UK) and Digital Lumens (US).

After having successfully exited from Solairedirect (acquired by
Engie in 2015), Aster's first fund still holds a few equity interests,
notably in Agilence (US), Jet Metal Technologies (FR) and
Casanova (FR).

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

33


--- Page 21 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

34

Research & Development

Customer Matrix - USD2.0 million
investment in January 2016

Customer Matrix and its Cognitive Computing enterprise software
solution helps complex organizations to generate more sales
opportunities from their own customer base and rapidly generate
more revenues. They have already a top tier global set of customers
across the US, Europe and Asia and will use the latest round of
investment to continue their expansion across the financial sector
while exploring new opportunities in the OEM/IOT space. Customer
Matrix is headquartered in NYC and has its R&D centre in Paris. The
company was founded in 2013.

EnTouch Controls - USD1.5 million
investment in February 2016

EnTouch Controls offers a wireless light Building Management
System primarily to multi-site Small and Medium Businesses (SMBs).
The company has built momentum with successful deployments into
thousands of sites with a growing list of national customers and
partners. The company was founded in 2008 and is based outside
of Dallas in Richardson, TX.

FinalCAD — EUR4.0 million investment
in July 2016

FinalCAD has developed a mobile software solution to bring
the Building Information Modelling on the ground and help
the construction industry turn digital (quality control, defect
management, etc.), adding on top of this a prediction and analytics
layer. This French company was founded in 2011 and already has
about 600 active worksites.

OpenDataSoft — EUR3.5 million
investment in October 2016

OpenDataSoft has developed a SaaS solution that solves a key
problem for large organizations: collect and share data. Their
customer base comprises public administrations and private
companies that need to increasingly share data between different

departments or with external partners to enable better operations
and/or more services. OpenDataSoft is a French company that has
been created in 2011 and that sells to customers in Europe and
the US.

ekWateur - EURO.8 million investment
in November 2016

ekWateur is a French alternative energy retailer (renewable electricity
and natural gas) which provides its customers with green electricity
in a collaborative and innovative environment. In the past 12 months,
ekWateur has been able to meet all regulatory requirements to
become an energy retailer in France, to build a scalable organization
and to attract first customers with differentiated marketing.

Identifying emerging trends
and technologies and delivering
relevant inputs

Aster is in touch with start-ups on a daily basis. This gives Aster a
unique perspective on emerging technologies, customer needs and
new market segments. The work is shared at three levels:

@ by identifying emerging trends and weak signals which may
have an impact on markets, customers and/or future Schneider
Electric business, and sharing them on a regular basis with the
leaders within Schneider Electric;

® by introducing about 300 start-ups each year to Schneider
Electric teams within relevant countries, businesses and
corporate departments; and

by publishing market analyses that are presented to Schneider
Electric teams. This year once again, more than 20 topics
related to the energy and environment sectors have been
covered and shared within Schneider Electric.

The Aster teams continuously improve the dedicated web platform
that they have made available to all Schneider Electric employees to
give them even easier access to all of these resources, information
and databases.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 22 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

6. Organizational simplicity

and efficiency

Schneider Electric’s profile has undergone an unprecedented transformation in the past decade to become a global

specialist in energy management.

Under the One company program (2009-2011), the organization was redesigned to better serve its customers. This
transformation continued with the Connect company program (2012-2014) as we refined our organization to improve
cohesion, while initiating our digital transformation journey. Now with the current company program, “Schneider is On”
(2015-2020), we will leverage these organizational simplifications and further empower our team members towards

growth.

Dual orientation — technologies
and end-markets

Schneider Electric is organized into four business segments. Each
business segment is responsible for specific technologies and
addresses targeted end-market segments. The organization was
designed in order to support our two business models: products and
solutions. Selling products requires clear technological leadership,
while selling solutions requires close customer relationships and a
deep understanding of end-users’ needs.

¢ Building business scope includes low voltage, building
automation and renewable technologies.

¢ Infrastructure business scope includes medium voltage and
grid automation technologies.

¢ Industry business scope covers industrial automation, control
and sensors technologies.

@ IT business scope covers critical power and cooling
technologies for data centers as well as non-IT applications.
Each of these business segments manages its R&D, marketing and

sales teams and is responsible for its global results.

A number of back-office functions such as Finance, Human
Resources, IT systems and Global Marketing are handled by
the Global Functions, which have a governance role and provide
services internally.

Rationalization and optimization

of synergies

The organization is deployed in accordance with three key concepts:
specialization, mutualization and globalization. Specialization
mainly concerns sales and front-office operations. Mutualization
covers local back-office operations at the country and regional level.

Globalization concerns the seven support functions, now known as
Global Functions:

¢ Finance;

@ Marketing:

Supply chain;
Human Resources;

a)

A customer-focused organization

@ Strategy;
Technology;
Information systems.

A substantial portion of the Global Functions’ costs are re-allocated
to the businesses using distribution keys or application bases that
are generally defined annually:

¢ Specialization: in each country, each business has its own
sales force and local leader as soon as it reaches critical mass.
It also has a specialized front office in each host country to
respond more effectively to customer demand for specific
expertise. Each business segment is also responsible for its
overall results, both for product sales (in its business lines)
and the implementation of solutions (especially for end-
market segments within its scope). As solutions can consist
of products coming from different business segments and in
order to define a single point of contact for customers, each
business segmentis responsible for solutions in certain defined
end-markets. Business efforts have focused on implementing
and strengthening existing teams dedicated to meeting the
specific needs of these strategic customer segments with a
strong focus on the collaboration between the business lines,
in order to ensure these customer's needs are met as fully as
possible.

¢ Mutualization: the business is organized around Organizational
Regions: North America, China, France, Europe and the Rest of
World which is comprised of seven international zones (South
America, Africa, Middle East, CIS, India, SE Asia-Pacific).
Each of these regions have empowered Zone Presidents and
Country Presidents, which are appointed in each country to
be the custodians of 4 Businesses in their countries: Industry,
Infrastructure, Building and IT, including Field Services. In
addition, they are responsible for monitoring the full transversal
P&L of the country, deploying Schneider Electric's strategy in
the country (including all local cross-functional topics such as
increasing cross-selling among businesses) and pooling the
local back-office resources. These resources are gradually
brought together in each country or region under the Country
President's supervision and can include multiple local support
functions ranging from administration to project execution,
depending on the situation. In addition, the Country President

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

35


--- Page 23 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

36

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

serves as the mutualization driving force and Schneider
Electric's main representative in the country, most notably in
dealings with employees and local officials.

¢ Globalization: major support functions that are not specific
to a given country or business are gradually globalized to
increase experience and leverage a significant scale effect
around cost and service. Manufacturing and supply chain

Geographic dimension and legal structure

operations, areas of shared services or expertise (such as
finance or Human Resources), information systems, Group
Strategy, Technology and global marketing functions are now
included within the Group’s Global Functions. The global Supply
Chain continues to focus on the areas of global productivity,
customer differentiation and customer satisfaction.

The Group's goal is to establish, wherever possible, a single legal structure in each country.

Schneider Electric's simplified legal organization chart is as follows:

Schneider
Electric SE

Operational »)
companies

The list of consolidated companies is provided in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. Boissiére Finance is the Group's
centralized cash-management structure; it also centralizes hedging operations for all subsidiaries.

Schneider Electric has 210 plants and 95 distribution centers
around the world. Customer satisfaction is its top priority.

While working constantly to improve occupational health and safety
and environmental protection, Schneider Electric's manufacturing
policy aims to fulfill four key objectives, in order of priority:

1) to achieve a level of quality and service that meets or exceeds
customer expectations;

2) to obtain cost-competitive products while continuing to deliver
strong and consistent productivity;

3) to develop system speed and efficiency and limit production
sites’ risk exposure (currency parity, geopolitical risks and
changes in cost factors);

4) to optimize capital employed in manufacturing operations.

A number of the production facilities and distribution centers are
dedicated to the global market. The other units are located as close
as possible to their end-markets. Although design and/or aesthetic
features may be adapted to meet local requirements, Schneider
Electric standardizes key components as much as possible.
This global/local approach helps Schneider Electric maximize
economies of scale and optimize profitability and service quality.

Drawing on its global scope, Schneider Electric is constantly re-
balancing and optimizing its manufacturing and supply chain
resources.

Manufacturing and supply chain: global redeployment

Continuous improvement
on a global scale

At the same time, an industrial excellence program called
Schneider Performance System (SPS) has been rolled out in all
plants to substantially and continuously improve service quality and
productivity. The program also takes into account our environmental
and staff health and safety criteria. Based on a lean manufacturing
approach, SPS is supported by the extension of Six Sigma and
Quality and Value Analysis programs across the Group. By
deploying these optimization methods globally and sharing best
practices, the Group intends to raise the operational performance
of all its plants to the same high standard.

Schneider Electric's sites and products meet the applicable
regulatory requirements relating to the environment. A continuous
assessment system to ensure compliance with regulations is in
place, relying mainly on internal and external auditors. On a regular
basis, these norms and standards are exceeded by the specific
requirements we set ourselves, for instance by replacing certain
materials and substances used for our products before regulations
require us to do so. Our plants and logistics centers with more
than 50 employees are ISO 14001 (environment) certified, and
almost half of these sites have also achieved ISO 50001 (energy
efficiency) certification. We implement an integrated management
system that also covers Quality (ISO 9001) and Health and
Safety (OHSAS 18001). In 2016, Schneider Electric continued

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 24 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

implementing its Environmental and Health & Safety strategies
for the 2015-2020 period, focusing its efforts on approximately
10 priority areas. These place increasing importance on eco-design,
making it systematic and exhaustive, on our efforts to reduce CO,
emissions, on our circular economy goals for our offers and for
the resources used, and on our ever-increasing energy efficiency
objectives. We strive in particular to constantly boost our customers’
capacity to objectify the environmental added value our solutions
offer them (energy CO, efficiency, lifetime and repairability, etc.). We
take into account customer expectations concerning our products’
environmental profile, information transparency and access, and
even end-of-life product management.

In terms of Health and Safety, a range of programs are in progress
to boost the “Safety Culture” of each of our sites and each of
our employees, in particular through “safety visits” training and
recognition of good practice. We conduct Health and Safety audits
on each of our sites in order to assess practices, performance,
governance and culture. Monthly and quarterly steering committees
are held with the company's top management in order to track
progress and make the necessary decisions for continuous
improvement.

These programs cover our entire value chain, including R&D,
purchasing, manufacturing, logistics, marketing and sales.

Schneider Electric has implemented a policy to systematically
identify and reduce its industrial risk in order to secure maximum
service to its customers and to minimize any impact of disaster,
whether it is internal in nature (fire) or external (natural disasters).
This policy relies on local actions to remove the identified risks
following audits led by an external firm recognized by insurers,
as well as an action plan for the continuity of production. If, after
corrective actions, the risk remains too high, then the activity is
repeated at another Schneider Electric site. Since 2014, this
process has been extended to single-source suppliers in order to
reduce the risk level in 5 areas (financial, geopolitical, industrial,
quality and dependence on Schneider Electric activity), in addition
to identifying the action plan in the event of a supply disruption

The segmented response to customer needs

Since 2012, Schneider Electric has launched the Tailored Supply
Chain program as part of the company program Connect, with
the aim to better align the supply chain set-up with the needs and
behaviors of each customer segment (distributors, partners, panel
builders, etc.).

This approach has required the implementation of a more dynamic
industrial strategy to restructure customer service practices, and
the configuration of products, equipment, delivery methods and
services offered to Group customers. In parallel, the Group has had
to simplify its working approaches and focus on creating value for
its customers by streamlining its decision-making processes and
its organizational structure.

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

This led to the announcement of a new Industrial Organization for
2013, which is structured around 8 regions (Europe, CIS, China,
India, Pacific, Asia, North America, South America) and groups all
of Schneider Electric's industrial activities together in these regions.
In addition, this also led to the verticalization of all Purchasing
activities to simplify and unify its contact with suppliers.

In the 2015 to 2020 period, 9 initiatives are under implementation to
continue to transform the supply chain at every stage from suppliers
through to end customers:

reduce the release time to customers;

basic logistics offering, customized according to type of
channel;

@ industrial planning customized according to customer
segment;

¢ development of the services offering, in line with our customers’
installed base;

¢@ improvement of the overall performance of the equipment
supply chain;

@ involvement of preferred suppliers in all aspects of this
transformation approach;

continued optimization of the entire industrial system to offer
customized customer service;

focus on excellence of the supply chain for growth activities;
management of the release of new product offerings.

The aim is to make the Group's supply chain a positive differentiating
factor for our customers and, in turn, to gain a competitive advantage
over our competitors.

The digitization of the supply chain

Since 2013, Schneider Electric has put emphasis on digitization as
a way to accelerate and intensify its transformation

For the supply chain, this approach aims to synchronize suppliers
and plants through distribution centers and carriers to improve
service to customers. Many programs have been launched in
order to offer new features and improve responsiveness in relation
to market demand supported by new technologies.

Supply chain optimization will benefit from the flow model, combined
with the integration of the IT systems of our logistics partners with
cloud technology. Similarly, a partnership with Kinaxis will enable
the “digitization” of industrial planning and extend the scope.
This technology facilitates interaction loops between the different
functions and improves our responsiveness to customers while
also significantly reducing the value of fixed assets in inventory.
Finally, the development of new features tailored to each customer
segment on our targeted computer systems (of the supply chain)
is supported by a strengthened IT convergence plan.

This digitization of the supply chain fully meets the priorities of the
Group's industrial strategy by targeting customer satisfaction first
and foremost while reducing costs for increasing responsiveness
and reducing capital employed.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

37


--- Page 25 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

38

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

A key competitive advantage
for our customers

All of these efforts to improve the supply chain have been
recognized well outside the company. In September 2016, Gartner,
aleading IT research and advisory firm, ranked Schneider Electric's
supply chain 5" in Europe and 18" worldwide, an improvement of
5 and 15 places respectively in 1 year and up 17 and 48 places
respectively in two years.

The Group's aim for the next few years is to turn this into a competitive
advantage through customer recognition that we offer the best
logistics solutions. The new 2015-2020 company program aims to
drastically improve the capacity and response speed of the supply
chain while strengthening economic and ecological efficiency in
order to even better serve our customers by providing them with a
customized logistics response that meets their expectations while
ensuring sustainability.

Purchasing: selection and internationalization

Purchasing corresponds to around 50% of revenue and plays a
crucial role in the Group's technical and business performance.
As part of the new company program to optimize Purchasing, the
Group is continuing to pursue its plan, launched several years ago,
to seek to source its purchases from the top-performing suppliers
(“recommended” suppliers) and aims to increase local sourcing
in the new economies to more than 50%. The Group is rolling
out the “Purchasing Excellence System” with a view to involving
suppliers, as a component in the ‘Complete Logistics Chain’, in the
achievement of our performance objectives focused on customer
satisfaction.

Schneider Electric primarily purchases prefabricated components,
raw materials (silver, copper, aluminum, steel and plastics),

electronic and electrical products and services. The diverse
supplier list includes multinationals as well as small, medium and
intermediate sized companies.

Suppliers are selected for the quality of their products and services,
their adherence to delivery deadlines, their competitiveness, their
innovative capacity and their commitment to corporate social
responsibility (CSR). As a participant of the UN Global Compact,
Schneider Electric encourages its main suppliers to contribute to
its sustainable development initiative according to the guidelines
of standard ISO 26000, through ongoing improvement in the level
required (to achieve 100% “recommended” suppliers by 2017).

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 26 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

7. Risk Factors

As described in Chapter 3.9 Internal control and risk management,
Schneider Electric regularly analyses the risks and threats it faces,
which has revealed 6 major risk categories as follows

risk factors related to the Group's business, which also include
the solutions business, supplier risks and competitive threats;

industrial and environmental risks that also include risks such
as natural catastrophes and political disturbances, etc.;

Operational risk

Schneider Electric operates worldwide,
in competitive and cyclical markets

The worldwide markets for the Group's products are competitive
in terms of pricing, quality of products, systems and services,
development and introduction time for new offers. Schneider Electric
faces strong competitors, some of whom are larger than we are
or are developing in certain lower cost countries. The Group is
exposed to fluctuations in economic growth cycles and to the
respective levels of investments within the different countries in
which we operate. The Group's widespread geographic coverage
and diversified end-markets enable us to ride out downturns on
specific markets.

As 41% of the Group's revenue is generated in emerging countries,
we are exposed to the risks associated with those markets.

The Group's wide international presence exposes us to many
economic, legal and political risks in the countries in which we
operate. These include risks arising from social unrest (particularly
strikes and walk-outs), political instability, unforeseen regulatory
changes, restrictions on capital transfers and other obstacles to free
trade, and local tax laws. All of these risks may have an adverse
effect on the Group's operations, results or financial position.

Schneider Electric has implemented procedures designed to
protect the Group as far as possible from these risks, which are
generally beyond our control, and to manage them as effectively
as possible. These procedures include quarterly business
reviews in which performance and projections are monitored,
in terms of activity, action plans, results to date and forecasts,
at all organizational levels of the Group (see section 3.9 Internal
control and risk management). The Group also has the necessary
competencies to manage these risks, mainly through our central
functions (finance, legal, tax and customs).

Nevertheless, these measures implemented by Schneider Electric,
might be insufficient to counteract these risks.

Risk Factors

@ information system risks and cyber threats;

¢ market risks covering currency risks and raw material price
fluctuation risks;

legal risks that also cover intellectual property;
 |itigation and related risks.

The Group's main risks and threats are summarized in a chart
of overall risks based on their impact and probability.

The growth and success

of the Group’s products depend on

its ability to constantly adapt to and
leverage new technologies to deliver high
value products and solutions

There are major transformations impacting the markets in which
Schneider Electric operates. This includes loT and its major
accelerators of mobility, the cloud, pervasive sensing, bit data and
analytics. Customers expect ever more intelligent products with
open interfaces enabling them to be tightly integrated into more and
more complex software-based solutions. The resulting digitization
of products, including native web connectivity opens numerous
new opportunities, but will also accelerate the convergence of IT
and OT technologies, thus making it possible for new players to
enter our markets. The widespread usage of mobile devices creates
new expectations from customers as far as the general usability of
products. Last but not least, the increased connectivity of products
increases the risk of cyber-attacks.

To meet these challenges, the Group has increased its investments
in the areas of embedded control (hardware and software), and
cyber-security. A Group-wide initiative aims at developing common
control technologies, leveraging such advances as “controller on
a chip”, resulting in smart and open products that are “natively”
secure. More and more, the development of products goes hand-
in-hand with the development of life-cycle services leveraging web
connectivity to deliver superior lifetime value to our customers. Such
services not only open new recurring revenue opportunities for
Schneider Electric, but reinforce the Group's competitive position
versus potential new entrants.

The increased software content of the Group's solutions has
resulted in specific investments in the area of user experience. The
standards and techniques developed for software solutions apply
readily to smartphones and allow development teams to seamlessly
complement products and solutions with state-of-the-art mobile
applications.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

39


--- Page 27 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

40

Risk Factors

Regarding cyber-security, a specific investment program has
been launched to develop and deploy technology and process
capabilities through the development lifecycle. Specialists
embedded in the main development teams/centers are involved
throughout all phases of the R&D development activities to help
make products and solutions more inherently secure. A constant
monitoring of emerging threats has been implemented in partnership
with specialized firms and specific vulnerability management and
incident response processes have been established to support
customers of Schneider Electric solutions.

The market for software-based solutions has faster cycles than some
of Schneider Electric's hardware markets. As a provider of critical
infrastructure management solutions, the Group nevertheless does
not compromise its standards of outstanding reliability and security.
As aconsequence, a program is underway to generalize the latest
standards of System Engineering, allowing different teams to work
in parallel on complex products or systems, while assuring the
highest quality standards. Coupled with techniques such as early
prototyping, leveraging 3D printing, and simulation, these efforts
contribute to the continued reduction of go-to-market lead times.

To sustainably manage these challenges, the Group needs to
constantly invest in the competencies of its 8400 R&D engineers,
both to reinforce its traditional domains of expertise and develop
new ones. Leveraging Open Innovation through a global network
that extends into universities, research centers, partners and
start-ups compliments the backbone of Schneider Electric's
R&D organization. Each network constantly monitors emerging
technologies and competitive trends in its domain, decides the
launch of research efforts to position the Group ahead of those
trends and ensures the related upgrade of the network's talent pool.

Schneider Electric’s strategy involves
growth through acquisitions and mergers
that are potentially difficult to execute

The Group's strategy involves strengthening its positions through
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and mergers.
Changes in the scope of consolidation during 2016 are described
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5)

External growth projects are examined in detail by the businesses
and corporate functions (strategy, finance, legal affairs, tax
and Human Resources) concerned, under a rigorous internal
process developed and led at Group level. A launch committee is
responsible for initiating the review process to identify the risks and
opportunities associated with each external growth project, while a
number of validation committees review the results on an ongoing
basis. Projects that successfully come through the review process
are submitted for approval to the Group Acquisitions Committee
made up of the main members of senior management. The largest

projects require the prior approval of the Chairman and CEO, who
refers to the board of directors, if necessary.

External growth transactions are inherently risky because of
the difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations,
technologies and products, and the related acquisition,
administrative and other costs.

This is why an integration procedure for new acquisitions has
been drawn up. The integration of acquisitions is a process that
extends over a period of 6 to 24 months depending on the type
and size of the newly acquired company. The integration scenario
for each acquisition varies depending on whether the business
was acquired to strengthen or extend the Group's existing line-up
or enter a new segment. There are a number of different integration
scenarios, ranging from total integration to separate organization.
An integration plan is drawn up for each acquisition and submitted
to the Acquisitions Committee for approval. The plan is implemented
by an integration manager who reports to a Steering Committee that
initially meets at monthly intervals and then on a quarterly basis.

The unit that presents the acquisition project is accountable to the
Group's senior management for meeting clearly defined business
plan targets covering future performance and expected synergies.
Actual performance is measured against business plan targets
during quarterly business reviews and, for the largest acquisitions,
by the board of directors.

Value in use is determined by discounting estimated future cash
flows that will be generated by the tested assets, generally over a
period of not more than 5 years. These future cash flows are based
on Group management's economic assumptions and operating
forecasts. The discount rate corresponds to Schneider Electric's
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at the valuation date plus
arisk premium depending on the region in question (local risk-free
rate), the nature of the target's business (appropriate beta), and the
structure of the financing (taking into account the debt to equity ratio
and risk premium on the debt). The Group's WACC stood at 7.3%
at December 31, 2016, stable compared to the 2015 financial year.
The perpetuity growth rate was 2%, unchanged on the previous
financial year.

Goodwill is allocated to a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) when
initially recognized. The CGU allocation is done on the same
basis as used by Group management to monitor operations and
assess synergies deriving from acquisitions. Impairment tests are
performed at the level of the cash generating unit (CGU), i.e. the
Building, Infrastructure, Industry and IT businesses.

Where the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is lower than
its book value, an impairment loss is recognized. Where the
tested CGU comprises goodwill, any impairment losses are firstly
deducted therefrom

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 28 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

The Group’s success depends on its
ability to attract and retain the best
talent, and engaging its workforce
to support our Growth ambition for
the future

Competition for highly qualified management and technical
personnel is intense in the Group's industry, and becomes a bigger
challenge as the Group continues on its trajectory of growth. Future
continued success depends in part on the Group's ability to attract,
hire, onboard and retain the best qualified personnel, especially in
the area of technology and energy efficiency solutions. This ability
can only result from a strong employee-centric People Strategy and
its ability to prepare its workforce for the future through learning and
identifying talent within the organization.

The Group's People Strategy is strongly anchored in its
Leadership & Culture 2020 vision, ensuring that we have a unique
way of leading and working together, establishing a new relation
between employees and the company. The cornerstone of this
ambition is the experience of the employee throughout his/her
journey at Schneider Electric, from joining to leaving. The People
Strategy aims to create a culture that is a differentiator for its clients:
focused on speed, customer service and easy to do business
with. This is achieved thanks to our focus on learning, openness,
transparency, and inclusiveness.

In this framework, the Human Resources Function is valued as
a backbone of support for the business, bringing efficiency and
quality to the employee experience. Our entire People Strategy
defines the transformations we want to accomplish, one of them
being to increase our diversity and create an inclusive culture.
We believe it is instrumental if we want to keep on meeting the
expectations of our customers through ongoing innovation. Our
multi-polar organization with senior leaders in every continent has
been created to facilitate the growth of talents in every part of the
world

The Group's acquisitions and growth ambitions have increased its
global presence and internationalized the profile of its workforce.
This, plus company reorganizations, highlighted the importance
and necessity of offering equal opportunities to everyone,
everywhere. Diversity & Inclusion efforts at all levels of the
organization are therefore pivotal to create a common Schneider
Electric identity. To achieve this ambition, the Group introduced a
global Diversity & Inclusion policy in 2014 and in 2015 joined the
United Nations Women HeForShe movement as an extension of its
commitment with gender diversity.

To nurture an innovative workforce and understanding that all
employees are considered “Talent”, the Group encourages its
people to take ownership of managing their performance and
career development. The Talent aspiration of the Group gives
managers an enhanced visibility to plan for longer-term career
development and succession to critical roles in the organization,

Risk Factors

while accelerating the development of high potentials. Our culture
of systematically reviewing talent at every level of the organization
gives fair opportunity to everyone to progress and for the Group
to benefit from a circulation of talents. At employee level, we want
our people to take ownership for their development and growth at
Schneider Electric and for this purpose, they have access to a talent
management system and development opportunities.

At Schneider Electric, we are immersing our employees in a culture
of learning from the moment they onboard the company. This is
a culture where everybody learns constantly and builds new
capabilities. Our objective is to cultivate people that are recognized
as the best professionals in their industry. As a competitive
advantage, our learning culture provides opportunities for everyone
in the company to proactively further their personal development
while leveraging high tech digital solutions to accelerate their time to
knowledge in all places of the organization. As a result, employees
understand that learning and teaching is everyone's responsibility.

The Schneider Electric workforce is recognized as a high performing
global team that has fun at growing the business of the company
and beating the competition. The Group nurtures an environment
where employees are receiving ongoing feedback, recognition and
coaching. Our culture is distinctive in its speed and agility and its
powered by an effective and flatter organization. Our empowered
leaders are supported by a strong ‘Leadership Academy’ and build
skills to evaluate and differentiate fairly, strengthening the way we
manage performance.

Schneider Electric believes that well-being generates performance
and performance generates well-being. For this reason in 2015
it kicked off a company-wide well-being transformation with the
ambition of building a company where our people make the
most of their energy. Understanding that well-being is a joint
responsibility between the Group, its leaders and employees,
we have implemented targeted actions under a holistic view that
addresses the physical, social, mental and emotional spheres. As
aresult, we create a safe, secure, healthy, productive and engaging
work environment

Having employee engagement at its heart, the Group has for the
past few years regularly sought both blue and white-collar feedback
through bi-annual company-wide employee engagement surveys.
Listening to our employees and acting upon their feedback is a key
pillar of our HR Strategy and actions.

These employee engagement efforts support employer branding
initiatives; the Group’s Employer Value Proposition (EVP) enables
HR professionals and leaders to become talent scouts, building
a ‘talent mapping’ capability and a proactive external pipeline.
By actively reaching out to prospective employees through social
media platforms and events for targeted groups, it has continued
to gain accolades as an “Employer of Choice”.

Work continues to be done in these and other areas so that HR is
equipped to effectively deliver its employer value proposition and
further support the Group in its future endeavours.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

a


--- Page 29 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

42

Risk Factors

Industrial and environmental risks

Defective products or design flaws may
cause bodily harm or property damage
and subject us to product liability claims
and other adverse effects

Despite its testing and quality procedures, the Group's products
might not operate properly or might contain design faults or defects,
which could give rise to disputes in respect of our liability as seller or
manufacturer, notably in Europe, where liability related to defective
products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under warranty
and legal proceedings. Such disputes could reduce demand for our
products or harm our reputation for safety and quality. To prevent
or limit these risks, Schneider Electric immediately recalls products
if there are any doubts whatsoever that a product or one of its
components is not 100% safe for people and/or equipment.

As in 2015, no broad product recall was begun in 2016.

Some of the expenses incurred by Schneider Electric in the context
of product recalls are covered by the liability insurance program
described in the “Insurance” section below.

Provisions for product risk totaled EUR452 million as of
December 31, 2016 (see note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements).

The Group’s plants and products are
subject to environmental laws and
regulations

Our plants and products are subject to extensive and increasingly
stringent environmental laws and regulations in all countries in which
we operate.

To limit risks related to the environment, the Group is involved in a
process to continuously improve the environmental performance of
its plants and industrial activities, as well as in a review and follow up
of possible environmental risks. In 1992, Schneider Electric issued
a formal environmental policy. This policy is designed to improve
production processes, promote eco-design, and integrate customer
expectations into our environmental protection approach. This
policy also aims to identify, assess and prevent environmental risks,
in order to guarantee full compliance with all environmental laws and
regulations applicable to the Group’s businesses, particularly those
in force in the European Union and considered as quite stringent
(e.g., those applicable to our Products, such as WEEE, RoHS and
REACh Regulations). Regarding industrial activities, the Group
decided to deploy ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS18001 management
systems, globally. An Integrated Management System (IMS) is being
deployed, bringing together these three management systems
and this helping to drive efficiency and effectiveness. Moreover,

already more than 90 sites have implemented an ISO 50001 Energy
Management System. The Group records environmental provisions
when the risks can be reliably measured, or it is likely that clean-up
work will have to be performed and related costs can be reasonably
estimated. Provisions for environmental risks related to the Group's
sites, totaled EUR340 million as of December 31, 2016. If no risk
has been identified in a given location, Schneider Electric will not
estimate the financial cost of environmental risks. We expect our
costs on environmental compliance programs to increase as a
result of changes to existing environmental regulations and the
introduction of new regulations.

There can be no guarantee that Schneider Electric will not be
required to pay significant fines or compensation as a result of past,
current or future breaches of environmental laws and regulations
by companies that are currently or were previously members of the
Group. This exposure exists even if the Group is not responsible
for the breaches, in cases where they were committed in the past
by companies or businesses that were not part of the Group at
the time.

Schneider Electric may also be exposed to the risk of claims for
breaches of environmental laws and regulations. Such claims
could adversely affect Schneider Electric's financial position and
reputation, despite the efforts and investments made to comply at
all times with all applicable environmental laws and regulations as
they change.

If Schneider Electric fails to conduct its operations in compliance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations, the judicial
or regulatory authorities could require the Group to conduct
investigations and/or implement costly clean-up measures to
deal with the current or past contamination of current or former
production facilities or off-site waste disposal facilities, and to scale
back or temporarily or permanently close facilities in accordance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations.

Finally, the Group may be exposed to new risks related to recent
acquisitions. In application of IFRS rules, these risks are assessed in
the framework of the allocation of the purchase price, as specified
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

By way of illustration of the above statements:

On April 1 2016 Schneider Electric UK was prosecuted by the
Environmental Agency in Basildon Magistrates Court and fined
circa. EUR26 K in relation to an Environmental incident that
occurred in 2013. The incident, which occurred on June 10, 2013
and the resultant prosecution are related to an uncontrolled release
of 15.38 kg of Sulphur Hexafluoride gas (SF,) that occurred during
the installation of Gas Insulated Switchgear, on the London Gateway
Project.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 30 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

As part of a Pennsylvania settlement with the US Justice
Department, EPA and the Department of Environmental Protection,
Schneider Electric USA, as the current landowner, agreed to pay a
USD 6,8 million penalty as a result of alleged failures between 2008
and 2012 in operating a groundwater pump “and treat” system
installed at Rodale Manufacturing Superfund Site (Emmaus, Pa.)
USA, resulting in uncontrolled emissions of air pollutants during

Information systems risks

The Group operates, either directly or through service providers,
a wide range of highly complex information systems, including
servers, networks, applications and databases, on premise and
in the cloud, that are essential to the efficiency of our sales and
manufacturing processes. Failure of any of these hardware or
software systems, a fulfilment failure by a service provider, human
errors or computer viruses could adversely affect the quality of
service offered by the Group.

The Group regularly examines alternative solutions to protect
against this type of risk and has developed contingency plans,
and incident response capabilities to mitigate the effects of any
information system failure. Dedicated governance structures have
been set up to manage relations with service providers responsible
for outsourced IT systems operations.

Problems may also be encountered during the deployment of new
applications or software. In particular, in the last few years, the
Group has developed ERPs systems under SAP. which it started

Market risks

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to risks associated with the effect of
changing interest rates in different countries. Interest rate risk on
borrowings is managed at the Group level, based on consolidated
debt and taking into consideration market conditions in order to
optimize overall borrowing costs. Most bond debt is fixed rate. At
December 31, 2016, 91% of the Group's gross debt was fixed rate.

Maturities of financial liabilities are presented in note 24.1 to the
consolidated financial statements.

A 1% increase in interest rates would have a positive impact of
around EUR22 million on the Group's net financial expense.

The financial instruments used to hedge the exposure of the
Group to fluctuations in interest rates are described in note 26
to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2016.

Risk Factors

clean-up operations at this site due to historical industrial pollutions
since 1930. The facility was acquired by Square D Company in
1975, which was, in turn, acquired by Schneider Electric Group
in 1991

Schneider Electric USA addressed the problem in 2013 by replacing
the groundwater treatment system, which, now performs to the
satisfaction of the Environmental Protection Authorities.

to roll out in 2008. This roll-out process has been carried out fully
or partially in a number of countries since 2008, and is continuing
in France, the United States and other countries.

In addition to the deployment of ERP systems, the Group is
deploying various applications aimed at enhancing commercial,
employee and supply chain efficiency.

In view of these projects’ complexity, extensive functionalities
and their worldwide deployment, the Group has set up dedicated
governance and cost control structures to manage these issues
and limit the related risks.

However, despite the Group's policy of establishing governance
structures and contingency plans, there can be no assurance
that information systems projects will not be subject to technical
problems and/or execution delays. While it is difficult to accurately
quantify the impact of any such problems or delays, they could
have an adverse effect on inventory levels, service quality and,
consequently, on our financial results.

Exposure to currency exchange risk

The Group's international operations expose it to the risk of
fluctuation of exchange rates. If the Group is not able to hedge
these risks, fluctuations in exchange rates between the euro and
these currencies can have a significant impact on our results and
distort year-on-year performance comparisons.

We manage our exposure to currency risk to reduce the sensitivity of
earnings to changes in exchange rates through hedging programs
relating to receivables, payables and cash flows, which are primarily
hedged by means of forward purchases and sales.

Depending on market conditions, risks in the main currencies may
be hedged based on cash flow forecasting using contracts that
expire in 12 months or less.

Schneider Electric's currency hedging policy is to protect our
subsidiaries against risks on transactions denominated in a currency
other than their functional currency. More than 20 currencies are
involved, with the US dollar, Chinese yuan, Singapore dollar,
Australian dollar, British pound, the Hungarian forint and Russian
rubles representing the most significant sources of those risks. The
financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations
in exchange rates are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016
(Chapter 5)

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

43


--- Page 31 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

44

Risk Factors

In 2016, revenue in foreign currencies amounted to EUR19.3 billion,
including around EUR6.6 billion in US dollars and 2.8 billion in
Chinese yuan.

The main exposure of the Group in terms of currency exchange risk
is related to the US dollar, the Chinese yuan and to currencies linked
to the US dollar The Group estimates that in the current structure
of its operations, a 5% appreciation of the euro compared to the
US dollar would have a negligible impact on operating margin (a
translation effect of minus EUR48 million on EBITA).

Equity risk

Exposure to equity risk primarily relates to treasury shares but
remains limited. The Group does not use any financial instruments
to hedge these positions.

An increase in raw material prices could
have negative consequences

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in energy and raw material
prices, in particular steel, copper, aluminum, silver, lead, nickel,
zinc and plastics. If we are not able to hedge, compensate for or
pass on to customers any such increased costs, this could have
an adverse impact on our financial results.

The Group has, however, implemented certain procedures to limit
exposure to rising non-ferrous and precious raw material prices.
The purchasing departments of the operating units report their
purchasing forecasts to the Corporate Finance and Treasury
Department. Purchase commitments are hedged using forward
contracts, swaps and, to a lesser extent, options.

The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations
in raw material prices are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016.

In 2016, purchases of raw materials totaled around EUR1.6 billion,
including around EUR700 million for non-ferrous and precious
metals, of which roughly 43% was for copper. The Group enters
into swap and options agreements intended to hedge all or part
of its non-ferrous and precious metals purchases in order to limit
the impact of price volatility of these raw materials on our results.
At December 31, 2016, the Group had hedged positions with a
nominal value of EUR159 million on these transactions.

Counterparty risk

Financial transactions are entered into with carefully selected
counterparties. Banking counterparties are chosen according to
the customary criteria, including the credit rating issued by an
independent rating agency.

Group policy consists of diversifying counterparty risks and periodic
controls are performed to check compliance with the related rules.

In addition, the Group takes out substantial credit insurance and
uses other types of guarantees to limit the risk of losses on trade
accounts receivable.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity is provided by the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
and undrawn confirmed lines of credit. As of December 31, 2016,
the Group had access to cash and cash equivalents totaling
EUR2.8 billion. As of December 31, 2016, the Group had

EUR2.7 billion in undrawn confirmed lines of credit, of which
EUR2.6 billion matures after December 2017

The Group's credit rating enables it to raise significant long-
term financing and attract a diverse investor base. The Group
currently has an A- credit rating from Standard & Poor's and an A3
credit rating (under negative outlook) from Moody's. The Group's
liabilities and their terms and conditions are described in note 24
of Chapter 5.

In line with the Group's overall policy of conservatively managing
liquidity risk and protecting our financial position, when negotiating
new liquidity facilities the Group avoids the inclusion of clauses that
would have the effect of restricting the availability of credit lines,
such as covenants requiring compliance with certain financial ratios,
As of December 31, 2016, Schneider Electric SE had no financing
or confirmed lines of credit that were subject to covenants requiring
compliance with financial ratios.

The loan agreements or lines of credit for some of our liquidity
facilities include cross-default clauses. If we were to default on any
of our liquidity facilities, beyond a threshold we could be required
to repay the sums due on some of these facilities.

Moreover, anticipated reimbursement provisions exist for certain
financing and lines of credit in case of change of control. Under
these provisions, the debt holders may demand repayment if a
shareholder or shareholders acting together hold more than 50%
of the company's shares, and for the majority of contracts, this
event triggers a downgrading of the company’s rating. As of
December 31, 2016, EUR4.9 billion of the Group's financing and
lines of credit had these types of provisions.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 32 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Legal risks

Our products are subject to varying
national and international standards
and regulations

Our products, which are sold in national markets worldwide, are
subject to regulations in each of those markets, as well as to various
supranational regulations (sales restrictions, customs tariffs, tax
laws, security standards, etc.). Changes to any of these regulations
or standards or their applicability to the Group's business could lead
to lower sales or increased operating costs, which would result in
lower earnings and profitability.

Our products are also subject to multiple quality and safety
controls and regulations, and are governed by both national and
supranational standards. The majority of our products comply with
world-recognized International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
standards as well as with the applicable rules in the European
Union, and in particular the REACH and RoHS rules. Any necessary
capital investments or costs of specific measures for compliance
with new or more stringent standards and regulations could have
a negative impact on Group operations.

In addition, in the majority of the markets on which its products are
sold, Schneider Electric is subject to national and supranational
regulations governing competition. If the Group is implicated in
these areas, this could have a significant impact on the Group's
businesses, results and financial position. However, to mitigate
these risks, the Group completed its Principles of Responsibility
by implementing a global competition law policy that has been
widely rolled out within the Group, together with a training program
set up by the Legal Affairs Department.

Risks related to products sold

In addition, in case of malfunction or failure of one of its products,
systems or solutions, Schneider Electric could incur liability arising
from any resulting tangible or intangible damages, or personal
injury. Similarly, the Group could incur liability based on errors
in the design of a product, system or solution or because of a
malfunction related to the interface with other products or systems.
The failure of a product, system or solution may involve costs related

Disputes

Following public offers launched in 1993 by SPEP (the holding
company of the Group at the time) for its Belgian subsidiaries
Cofibel and Cofimines, proceedings were initiated against former
Schneider Electric executives in connection with the former Empain-
Schneider Group’s management of its Belgian subsidiaries, notably
the Tramico sub-group. At the end of March 2006, a criminal court
in Brussels, Belgium, ruled that some of those executives were
responsible for certain of the alleged offenses and that some of the
plaintiffs’ claims were admissible. It also held that Schneider Electric
and its Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel and Cofimines were civilly liable
for the actions of those executives who were found liable. The
plaintiffs claimed damages representing losses of EUR5.3 million

Risk Factors

to the product recall, result in new development expenditures, and
consume technical and economic resources. Such costs could
have a significant impact on the profitability and cash and cash
equivalents of the Group. The business reputation of Schneider
Electric could also be negatively impacted.

To prevent these risks, Schneider Electric has implemented quality
procedures at the level of design, development and production of
its products, systems and solutions. In case of product returns,
the type and source of the failures are analyzed and corrective
actions are implemented. The Group has also put in place insurance
coverage to cover its civil liability and the risk of product recalls (see
section 1.7 Risk factors on Insurance policy).

The development and success of the
Group’s products depends on its ability
to protect its intellectual property rights

The future success of Schneider Electric depends to a significant
extent on the development and protection of patents, knowledge
and trademarks (“intellectual property rights”). Third parties may
also infringe its intellectual property rights, and the Group may
have to expend significant resources monitoring, protecting and
enforcing its rights. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the
unauthorized use of intellectual property rights remains difficult to
control, particularly in foreign countries, whose laws do not always
effectively ensure the protection of these rights. They could be
counterfeited or used without the consent of Schneider Electric,
which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and
operating profit.

To mitigate this risk, the patents developed or purchased by the
Group are tracked by the Industrial Property team within the
Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department. All intellectual
property queries are centralized and managed by this team for the
whole Group, and in coordination with the other Finance - Control -
Legal Affairs Departments, which ensure that the Group's interests
are defended throughout the world. The same approach and
organization applies for the Group's brands portfolio.

stemming from alleged management decisions that reduced the
value of or undervalued assets presented in the prospectus used
in conjunction with the offering, as well as losses of EUR4.9 million
in relation to transactions carried out by PB Finance, a company
in which Cofibel and Cofimines then held minority interests. In its
ruling, the court also appointed an expert to assess the loss suffered
by those plaintiffs whose claims were ruled admissible. The expert's
report was submitted in 2008. The defendants and the companies
held civilly liable contest the amounts provided by the expert in their
entirety on the basis of a counter-analysis drawn up by Deloitte.
Schneider Electric is paying the legal expenses not covered by
the insurance of the former executives involved. A settlement

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

45


--- Page 33 ---

| Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

46

Risk Factors

agreement was signed with a group of plaintiffs and some of the
remaining plaintiffs have appealed (i) parts of the March 2006 ruling
and (ii) a ruling made in 2011 by the Court of First Instance denying
the admissibility of some of the plaintiffs’ claims. Pleadings were
held in September 2016 and a decision is expected in March 2017.

In connection with the disposal of Spie Batignolles, Schneider
Electric booked provisions to cover the risks associated with certain
major contracts and projects. Most of the risks were closed during
1997. Provisions were booked for the remaining risks, based on
management's best estimate of the potential financial impact. One
of the main issues was concerning a litigation in France with SNCF
before the administrative court. However, the Group has been
discussing the issue with SNCF and the dispute has been settled
amicably in 2016 at no cost for Schneider Electric beyond its own
legal costs.

Subsequent to the January 24, 2007 decision made by the EU
Commission with regard to the GIS matter in the high voltage
sector, on May 21, 2010, the British company Power Networks
(LPN — formerly EDF Energy UK) launched a claim against the
companies, involved in this GIS case including Schneider Electric,
for damages of GBP15 million in the High Court in London, England.
Since there were no significant judicial developments in 2015, the
defendants (including Schneider Electric SE) held discussions with
LPN and the dispute was settled amicably in 2016 at no cost for
Schneider Electric beyond its own legal costs.

Insurance policy

Schneider Electric’s general policy for managing insurable risks
is designed to defend the interests of employees and customers
and to protect the company’s assets, the environment and its
shareholders’ investment.

This strategy entails:

@ identifying and analyzing the impact of the main risks;

preventing risks and protecting industrial equipment: definition
of protection standards for sites (including when those
are managed by third parties) against the risk of fire and
malicious intent, audits of the main sites by an independent
loss prevention company, roll-out of a self-assessment
questionnaire for the other Group sites;

¢ drawing up of business continuity plans, in particular for the
Group main sites and critical suppliers;

roll-out of crisis management tools by the Group's Security
Department;

carrying out hazard and vulnerability studies and safety
management for people and equipment;

In addition, some Group entities worldwide, including in Brazil and
Pakistan, are directly or indirectly cited in anti-trust proceedings
without, however, any proven or serious risk of conviction in this
regard having been identified to date.

Schneider Electric was also among 2,000 companies worldwide
that were mentioned in the Volcker report on the Oil for Food
program published by the UN in October 2005. Schneider Electric
Industries SAS was investigated by the French judiciary in 2010
in relation to this report, which stated that the Group had entered
into agreements with the Iraqi government between 2000 and
2004 under which surcharge payments totaling approximately
USD450,000 are alleged to have been made to the Iraqi government.
In May 2013, in accordance with the indictment of the Public
Prosecutor's Department, the judge referred Schneider Electric
Industries SAS and 13 other French companies to the criminal court,
which rendered its decision on June 16 2015, discharging all the
companies. However, the Bench appealed this decision, which is
currently scheduled to be judged by the Appeal Court of Paris by
end-January 2018.

Various other claims, administrative notices and legal proceedings
have been filed against the Group concerning such issues as
contractual demands, counterfeiting, risk of bodily harm linked to
asbestos in certain older products and work contracts.

Although it is impossible to predict the results and/or costs of
these proceedings with certainty, Schneider Electric considers
that they will not, by their nature, have significant effects on
the Group's business, assets, financial position or profitability.
The company is not aware of any other governmental, court or
arbitration proceedings, which are pending or which threaten the
company, that are liable to have or, during the last 12 months have
had, a material effect on the financial position or profitability of the
company and/or the Group.

¢@ implementing global insurance programs negotiated at the
Group level for all subsidiaries with insurers meeting the criteria
for financial position recognized by insurance and reinsurance
players;

optimization of financing for frequent, low amplitude risks
through retentions managed either directly (deductibles) or
through captive insurance companies.

Liability insurance

The insurance program put in place on January 1, 2015 for 3 years
was continued in 2016. This program, deployed in more than 70
countries, provides coverage and limits in line with the current size
of the Group and its evolving risks and commitments.

Certain specific risks, such as aeronautic, nuclear and environmental
risk, are covered by specific insurance programs.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 34 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Property damage and business
interruption insurance

A new 3 year insurance program was put in place as of July 1,
2016 with the same insurer. This is an “all risks except” policy
which covers events that could affect Schneider Electric's property
(including fire, explosion, natural disaster, machinery breakdown) as
well as business interruption resulting from those risks. The global
limit of indemnity has been increased to EUR500 million per event.
The applicable sub-limits for natural disasters have been increased
as well.

Assets are insured at replacement value.

Transport insurance

The insurance program that covers all risks of loss or damage to
goods while in transit, including intragroup shipments, renewed on
January 1, 2014, was continued in 2016.

Erection all risk insurance

The erection all risk insurance program providing cover for damage
to work and equipment for projects taking place at our clients’
premises was continued in 2016.

Risk Factors

Other risks

In addition, Schneider Electric has taken out specific cover in
response to certain local conditions, regulations or the requirements
of certain risks, projects and businesses.

Self-insurance

To optimize costs, Schneider Electric self-insures certain frequent,
low-amplitude risks through 2 captive insurance companies:

¢ a captive company based in Luxembourg provides property
damage reinsurance worldwide capped at EUR5 million per
year, and liability reinsurance outside the USA and Canada
capped at EUR17 million per year;

for the entities located in the USA and Canada, a captive
insurance company based in Vermont (USA) is used
to standardize deductibles for civil liability, workers’
compensation and automobile liability. These retentions range
from USD1 million to USD5 million per claim, depending on
the risk. An actuary validates the provisions recorded by the
captive company each year.

The cost of self-insured claims is not material at the Group level.

Cost of insurance programs

The cost (including tax) of the Group’s main global insurance
programs, excluding premiums paid to captives, totalled around
EUR24,6 million in 2016.

2016 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

47
