

--- Page 1 ---

Our Company

Our Vision

For ams, “Sensing is Life” and our passion is in
creating sensor solutions that make devices and
technology smarter, safer, more environmentally
friendly and easier to use. We are shaping the world

Our Company & Strategy

ams’ sensor solutions and sensor ICs are at the
heart of the products and technologies that define
our world today - from smartphones and mobile
devices to smart homes and buildings, industrial
automation, medical technology and connected
vehicles. Leading manufacturers around the

globe rely on our sensing expertise for advanced
system designs. Our solutions excel in applications
requiring extreme precision, dynamic range, high
sensitivity, and low power consumption in small
form factors.

In 2016, we set forth a bold corporate strategy to
be the global leader in sensor solutions in four fast
growing areas: Optical, Imaging, Environmental
and Audio sensing. These areas now represent

the four pillars of our business, and we have taken
decisive steps to build true leadership in these
high-value markets.

We actively manage a focused technology and pro-
duct portfolio around these four sensing areas to
drive differentiation as the key factor for sustained
leadership. Executing our roadmap towards our
vision makes ams an ever-stronger player in the
global semiconductor industry — to benefit our
customers, shareholders, suppliers, and employees.

In each of our four focus areas we strive to offer
industry-leading performance to our customers

with sensor solutions, leading the way in forging
continuous connections between people and
technology, and envisioning a seamless experience
between the two.

by providing complete sensor solutions, so OEMs
can rely on one trusted vendor for their techno-
logy needs. We are driving integration of sensor
technologies into monolithically integrated solu-
tions or multi-sensor modules. These multi-sensor
solutions — also called sensors hubs - may include
hardware, state-of-the-art sensor algorithms,
sensor fusion software and application software. By
offering complete solutions, we help the industry
move forward and create strategic advantages for
customers. We empower OEMs to deliver differen-
tiated products that change and improve lives, and
enable exciting new end-user experiences.

To build global leadership in optical, imaging,
environmental and audio sensing, we completed a
series of strategic acquisitions in 2016. The addition
of Heptagon, the global leader in micro-optics and
high-performance optical packaging, stands out
as a transforming event for our company making
ams the clear worldwide leader in optical sensing.
Furthermore, the acquisition of CCMOSS created a
leadership position in gas sensing for the environ-
mental sensor market, and the addition of MAZeT
enhanced ams' reach in spectral optical sensing.
Finally, the acquisition of Incus Laboratories
broadened our offering in active noise cancellation
technologies.


--- Page 2 ---

LEADERS Hi? IN
Ly AREAS OF SENSING OPTICAL
OUR STRATEGY \ Pi we

‘Xa
Sensi ng << pe alll idea

FOCUSED

TECHNOLIGY S li fe.
PORTFOQUO -? [ | e~ COMPLETE

y SENGOR SOLUTIONS

DRIVING

piFerenTiarion MAKING THE

UNBELIEVABLE REAL


--- Page 3 ---

Our Company

Our Talent

ams recognizes the company’s workforce as its
greatest asset and the key driver of ams’ global suc-
cess. We embrace a wide range of highly creative,
innovative, and unconventional thinkers, helping
us attract and retain the best and brightest talent
in the industry. Our culture is designed for pushing
boundaries, empowering our workforce while

Manufacturing

ams’ flexible manufacturing concept combines
internal and external wafer production capacity
and in-house test at internal manufacturing sites
in Austria and the Philippines. In 2016, we signifi-
cantly expanded our optical filter layer deposition
capacity for industry-leading optical sensor solu-
tions. We also defined a robust path for expanding

holding them accountable. We demand integrity
in everything we do, and expect our team to be
loyal, trustworthy, authentic and true role models.
Diversity is valued across ams and the commit-
ment and effort of every staff member contributes
to our achievements in a competitive worldwide
marketplace.

wafer volumes with our technology manufacturing
partners to support expected growth in the
coming years. Through our acquisition of Heptagon
we added high-volume manufacturing capabi-
lities for differentiated packaging technology

in Singapore where we are completing a major
expansion of manufacturing capacity.


--- Page 4 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Ethical, professional practices and environmental
responsibility principles guide how ams conducts
its business. Our company code of conduct is a
binding set of principles and procedures for all
ams staff safeguarding consistent, responsible, and
accountable corporate activity across all business
functions.

We are a member of the UN Global Compact, the
world's largest corporate initiative for responsib-
le business and sustainability. With more than
10,000 participants in 130 countries, the UN Global
Compact is committed to human rights, labor
standards, environmental protection, and anti-
corruption measures.

We remain firm in our commitment of protecting
the environment and the sustainability of resour-
ces, and strive to reduce our carbon emissions
footprint globally. We are deploying state-of-the-
art technologies designed to decrease our electric
and natural gas consumption. Supporting these
efforts, ams’ internal production sites in Austria and
the Philippines are certified per the Environmental
Management System DIN EN ISO 14001. Our
emissions footprint information is published within
the framework of the Carbon Disclosure Project, an
international initiative for corporate disclosure of
environmental information.


--- Page 5 ---

Our Business

ams focuses on sensor solutions for high value and emerging markets in two major areas:

Consumer and Communications
Automotive, Industrial, Medical

Consumer and Communications

ams’ consumer and communications business

is a major supplier of advanced sensor solutions
for smartphones, tablet PCs and other consumer
devices supporting a broad range of technologies.
Our portfolio for consumer and communications
OEMs includes high performance optical sensors
for display management and the emerging high
growth area of 3D sensing, audio solutions such
as Active Noise Cancelling (ANC) and microphone
interfaces, and environmental sensor technology
for consumer devices.

We are expanding our industry-leading optical
portfolio with True Color sensors for enhanced vie-
wing experiences for OLED and non-OLED displays
and ultra-high sensitivity proximity modules. Our
other lines of light sensors, including RGB color and
other proximity sensors, are the existing backbone
of our consumer business to support sophisticated
display management. Used in hundreds of millions
of smartphones, tablets, laptop computers and
other communications devices, they deliver a
richer and improved overall experience for the user.

The strategic acquisition of Heptagon brings
leading expertise in high performance optics and
packaging for optical sensing solutions to ams.
Heptagon is a major supplier into applications for
smartphones and other mobile devices requiring
high volume optical packaging in very small form
factors. Adding Heptagon’s outstanding capabili-

ties positions ams very strongly for leadership in
upcoming optical sensing applications.

We recognize significant growth potential from
new advanced uses of our light sensor techno-
logy based on spectral sensing and 3D sensing.
Spectral sensing is a broad technology platform
which enables innovative analysis of light environ-
ments, colors, body data and, in future, organic
material. Consumer spectral sensing supports
applications from True Color display management
to biosensors for personal health information and
new multispectral sensor-on-chip solutions where
our roadmap includes the optical identification of
organic compounds in foodstuffs.

3D sensing is a major emerging growth oppor-
tunity for ams and expected to drive a significant
expansion of sensor content in mobile devices.
Near-term applications such as facial recognition
for authentication and 3D cameras for augmen-
ted and virtual reality will serve as starting points
for the expected wide adoption of 3D sensing
capabilities in the consumer market. We believe
the increasing availability of 3D sensing systems
will create a whole world of new applications and
sensor uses in the coming years.

The recent acquisition of Princeton Optronics
completes our optical sensing value chain by ad-
ding the illumination light source to our portfolio.


--- Page 6 ---

Princeton Optronics has a strong position in VCSEL
lasers that are expected to become the technology
of choice for optical sensing light sources. Import-
antly, ams can now leverage in-house technologies
for all key elements of optical sensor solutions
which enables industry-leading integration and
performance.

Refining the audio quality in mobile devices is
another strength for ams, and we address market
needs with our active noise cancellation solutions
(ANC) and MEMS microphone interfaces for smart-
phones, earphones, headsets, and other consumer
devices. ams is the clear market leader in MEMS
microphone interfaces focused on high-quality
applications while our ANC solutions deliver crystal
clear sound regardless of surrounding noise levels.

Automotive, Industrial and Medical

In automotive applications, ams’ high performance
sensor solutions make driving safer, smarter and
more fuel-efficient. Sensors play a pivotal role in
the realization of safety systems supporting the
move toward autonomous driving. Based on our
existing business in LIDAR collision avoidance, we
see attractive potential in the evolution of LIDAR
technology, which is expected to expand into a
key element of the autonomous driving roadmap.
Our optical technology portfolio is well-positioned
to create full scale solutions for next-generation
LIDAR systems. Intelligent position sensors from
ams deliver robustness in automotive applications
and increase vehicle reliability. Pedal and throttle
position, transmission, steering wheel angle and
torque, and brushless motor control are typical
uses for position sensing. Overall, ams sensor
solutions for safety, position measurement, level

We strengthened our position in ANC last year
through the acquisition of Incus Laboratories, a
provider of intellectual property (IP) for digital
ANC systems. As a result, we are now able to offer
analog and digital ANC solutions to cover different
system architectures and customer requirements.

ams environmental sensors are seeing first designs
in consumer devices that monitor air quality and
temperature measuring ambient concentrations
of gases associated with poor air quality, such as
alcohols and aromatic hydrocarbons, or identify
alcohol levels in the breath. In the coming years,
we expect environmental sensing, and gas sensing
in particular, to begin migrating into smartphones
and mobile consumer devices to provide informati-
on on potential health or safety concerns.

control and other vehicle systems are successful in
a growing range of vehicle platforms.

In the industrial space, ams remains a leading sup-
plier of sensors and sensor interfaces for industrial
and factory automation, industrial sensing, and
building control. We offer a broad portfolio of
differentiated solutions for major OEMs in a wide
range of end markets. These include industrial
image sensor products for machine vision and
inspection, traffic control and high-end imaging
applications. Optical sensing is driving emerging
applications such as smart lighting solutions which
harvest daylight for energy-efficient illumination of
indoor spaces using spectral sensing technology.
Further industrial applications for spectral sensing
are on the horizon aided by last year’s acquisiti-

on of MAZeT which broadened our portfolio for


--- Page 7 ---

20

next-generation spectral sensing. Our environmen-
tal and gas sensing technologies are also seeing
the first industrial applications in what we expect
to develop into a significant growth market for
environmental sensing.

Ongoing demand for more advanced and cost-
efficient diagnostics equipment drives the need

for advanced sensor solutions in medical techno-
logy. In our core area of medical imaging - which
includes computer tomography, digital X-ray, and
mammography - our CMOS image sensor solutions
lead the market, creating significant diagnostic

and patient benefits to improve healthcare. Our
very small scale NanEye image sensors provide
miniature camera heads for uses such as dispo-
sable endoscopy where they are establishing

new diagnostic standards. Looking forward, we
see opportunities to design converged medical
solutions bringing together ams’ expertise in image
and spectral sensing to realize innovative diagno-
stic concepts. Sensor technologies from ams thus
support new ways to improve medical patients’
quality of life and enable easier and more conveni-
ent health management.


--- Page 8 ---

Our Global Network

Europe Asia North America
Austria China USA
Headquarters 3 locations 4 locations
Germany India
4 locations
Japan
Belgium
Korea
Finland
2 locations Philippines
France Singapore
2 locations
Italy
3 locations Taiwan

Netherlands

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland
2 locations

United Kingdom
3 locations


--- Page 9 ---

38

Group Management Report 2016

1. Overview of the Economic Environment
and the Past Financial Year

The global semiconductor sector showed a mixed
development in 2016 and was influenced by an in-
creasingly volatile macroeconomic environment in
key regions. Total sales of the global semiconductor
industry increased slightly by 1.1% to USD 338.9bn
in 2016, while market volume had decreased

by 0.2% in 2015 to USD 335.1bn. The relevant
market segment for ams, analog semiconductors,
grew 5.8% to USD 47.8bn in 2016 (previous year:
USD 45.3bn).'

Continuous innovation based on more than 35
years of experience in analog semiconductors and
sensors makes ams a leading supplier of advanced
sensor and analog IC solutions. Through its world-
wide network ams has a strong presence in the re-
levant markets in Europe, Asia, and North America
as more than 8,000 customers globally rely on ams’
expertise in sensing.

ams defined a focused strategy around leadership
in the fast-growing markets for optical, imaging,
environmental and audio sensing last year. As

the company started to implement this strategy
through active management of its technology
portfolio, 2016 was an expected year of transfor-
mation for ams.

Taking a significant strategic step forward, ams
announced the acquisition of Heptagon last year.
Heptagon is a global leader in micro-optics and
optical sensing solutions with particular expertise
in high performance optical packaging. Adding
Heptagon’s capabilities positions ams strongly
for leadership in upcoming optical sensing
applications including spectral sensing, time-of-
flight technology, and 3D sensing. The Heptagon

1) Source: WSTS, December 2016

business offers a substantial existing development
pipeline and major opportunities to combine ams’
and Heptagon technologies into industry-leading
optical solutions. ams therefore expects the Hept-
agon business to enable new growth prospects for
the group in the coming years.

ams’ business segment Products comprises the
markets Consumer & Communications and Auto-
motive, Industrial, Medical.

ams’ Consumer & Communications Business which
is a major supplier of advanced sensor and analog
solutions for smartphones, tablet PCs and other
consumer devices recorded a solid performance
in 2016. ams’ optical sensor product lines again
provided the largest share of group revenues in
2016 while ams fortified its position as worldwide
market leader in advanced light sensors.

ams continued to supply a broad range of leading
smartphone and consumer OEMs with mobile
device light sensor solutions last year. ams’ high
performance color, ambient light and proximity
sensors and modules are found in a wide spectrum
of high volume consumer devices globally. ams
was able to broaden its portfolio of mobile optical
sensor solutions last year and recorded strong mar-
ket traction including designs at new customers.

In combination with Heptagon, ams sees itself
extremely well positioned to capture significant
value in new optical sensing solutions from this
year onwards. ams expects technologies such as
true color, spectral sensing, 3D sensing and new
imaging-related applications to offer substantial
growth opportunities for the group.


--- Page 10 ---

In audio solutions, the MEMS microphone interface
product line performed well again last year with
ams’ market leadership resulting in continued very
high volumes. An increasing adoption of active
noise cancellation (ANC) offers attractive poten-
tial for higher ams content in consumer devices
through bundled accessories. ams acquired Incus,
a provider of intellectual property (IP) for digital
active noise cancellation, in 2016 to broaden the
company’s technology reach in ANC.

ams successfully divested its wireless business for
NFC and RFID reader applications last year as part
of its strategic portfolio alignment. ams retained
relevant wireless IP to support the expected ad-
option of wireless sensor solutions in multiple end
markets.

ams’ Industrial, Medical and Automotive Businesses
developed positively in 2016 in line with expecta-
tions. ams was able to improve its market penet-
ration given a strong technology base including
newly acquired IP, a wide range of end markets,
and a broad base of customers worldwide.

ams’ Industrial Business performed well last year,
however, business momentum remained limited
throughout the year amid signs of end market and
macroeconomic uncertainty. As a leading global
supplier of sensors and sensor interfaces for indus-
trial and factory automation, building control, and
industrial sensing, ams offers a broad portfolio of
differentiated solutions for major OEMs and a wide
range of applications. Imaging product lines gene-
rally developed in line with expectations last year
with an attractive pipeline going forward driven by
new applications.

Implementing its strategic approach, ams acqui-
red CCMOSS, a world leader in gas and IR sensor
technologies, and MAZeT, an important techno-

logy player in spectral sensing with an industrial
focus, last year. The addition of CCMOSS creates a
complete value chain offering for integrated gas
sensors propelling ams into a leadership position
in gas sensing for a variety of applications. MAZeT
broadens ams’ portfolio for next generation
spectral sensors concentrating on new industrial
opportunities. Both transactions added future
growth potential in new markets and innovative
applications.

ams’ Medical Business recorded attractive results

in 2016 demonstrating ams’ sector-specific sensing
expertise. This development was mainly driven by
the core area of Medical Imaging for computed
tomography (CT), digital X-ray, and mammography.
As the market leader in high resolution imaging
solutions ams ramped a new OEM last year and
gained additional imaging customers in Asia for fu-
ture programs. ams therefore broadened its market
reach and continues to advance diagnostic, patient
and cost benefits in medical imaging.

The company’s Automotive Business showed
another year of solid growth in 2016 givena
supportive demand environment and the ongoing
expansion of sensing content in vehicles. ams’ high
performance sensor solutions for safety, position
measurement, level control and other applica-
tions are successful in a growing range of vehicle
platforms. Focusing on its sensing strengths, ams is
well positioned to benefit from the trend towards
new automotive sensor systems. ams sees attrac-
tive mid-term potential in the evolution of optical
sensor technologies which are expected to support
the autonomous driving roadmap.

ams’ business segment Foundry which manufac-
tures analog and mixed-signal ICs for customers
in specialty processes again recorded a positive
performance in 2016 and contributed attractively

39


--- Page 11 ---

40

to the company’s results. The business segment

is positioned as a full service provider offering a
broad spectrum of services from design support to
final test and holds a leading market position as an
analog foundry for specialty processes.

Preparing for expected business growth in the
future, ams made further investments last year
to increase production capacity at the company’s
headquarters and successfully concluded the

expansion of optical filter layer deposition capacity.
Due to significant delays outside of ams’ control
ams decided to withdraw from the envisaged
project to operate a wafer fabrication facility to be
built by the State of New York (USA). At the same
time, ams has defined a robust, cost-attractive path
for expanding outsourced wafer volumes with its
technology manufacturing partners to support its
growth ambitions for the coming years.


--- Page 12 ---

2. Business Results

2.1 Development of Revenues

Consolidated group revenues for the financial year
2016 decreased by 12% to EUR 549.9m compared
to EUR 623.1m in 2015. This development was pri-
marily due to the development of demand in the
target market Consumer & Communications (C&C)
(-32%) in conjunction with solid overall demand
for ams’ solutions in the Automotive, Industry and
Medical markets (AIM). The revenue decrease in the

resulted in particular from weak volume demand
in the global smartphone market in the first half
of 2016 and the business performance of major
smartphone OEMs using ams solutions. At the
same time, ams’ Automotive, Industry and Medical
businesses were able to participate attractively in
the worldwide development of demand.

The revenue distribution by markets is shown

company’s Consumer & Communications business below:
in millions of EUR 2016 %of revenues 2015 %of revenues Change in %
Cac 279.4 51% 407.9 65% -32%
AIM 270.4 49% 215.2 35% +26%
549.9 623.1

Revenue breakdown by markets

Automotive,
Industrial,
Medical

51% 49%

Consumer &
Communications

The distribution of revenues by region does not
reflect the demand situation in ams’ target markets
but the geographic billing location of the compa-
ny’s customers. Business in the Asia/Pacific region
showed a decrease in 2016 compared to the previ-
ous year, particularly due to lower revenues from a
major customer in Asia.

The expansion of the company’s sales and distri-
bution network continued last year enabling the
addition of new customers and a higher market
presence in all regions. Against this backdrop, ams

expects all regions to continue to contribute to the

overall growth of the company.

41


--- Page 13 ---

42

The revenue breakdown by region (based on billing location) is shown below:

in millions of EUR 2016 %of revenues 2015 %of revenues Change in %

EMEA 203.0 37% 197.7 32% +3%

Americas 29.5 5% 22.9 4% +29%

Asia / Pacific 317.5 58% 402.4 64% -21%
549.9 623.1

Revenue breakdown by region

58%
Asia / Pacific

2.2 Orders Received and Order Backlog

Given solid order patterns in key markets, orders
received increased slightly over the course of the

5% Americas

Europe, Middle East,
Africa

ams’ year-end order backlog increased by 14% to a
positive level of EUR 136.1m on December 31, 2016

year growing from EUR 569.4m in the previous year (EUR 119.4m at year-end 2015) creating an approp-

to EUR 569.9m in 2016.

Revenues and orders developed as follows:

riate starting point for 2017.

in millions of EUR 2016 2015 Change in %
Revenues 549.9 623.1 -12%
Orders received 569.9 569.4 +0%

136.1 119.4 +14%

Total order backlog



--- Page 14 ---

2.3 Earnings

Gross profit decreased to EUR 288.1m in 2016 com-
pared to EUR 339.2m in the previous year.

The company’s full year gross margin excluding
acquisition-related amortization and share-based
compensation costs decreased slightly to 55%
(2015: 56%), gross margin including acquisition-re-
lated amortization and share-based compensation
costs also decreased slightly to 52% compared

to 54% in the previous year. The full utilization of
the company’s production capacity in 2016 hada
positive effect here given lower revenue-related
economics of scale. Selling prices for the company’s
products showed a slight overall decline during the
year.

Research and development costs showed an in-
crease in 2016 compared to the previous year while
marketing and sales expenses were lower than for
the previous year. This development resulted from

significant product development efforts and an
optimization of sales activities as personnel costs
showed a further increase. Administrative costs
were also higher compared to the year before due
to an increase in personnel costs.

Given the revenue decrease in relation to a compa-
ratively lower increase in fixed costs, the operating
result (EBIT) including acquisition-related amortiz-
ation and share-based compensation costs for the
year 2016 decreased by EUR 54.0m to EUR 93.3m.
In parallel to the lower EBIT, EBITDA (earnings befo-
re interest and taxes plus depreciation and amortiz-
ation) decreased by EUR 39.6m to EUR 155.6m.

Net income for 2016 decreased to EUR 102.9m
compared to EUR 148.7m in 2015. The return

on equity reached 15% compared to 22% for
2015 while the return on revenues decreased by
5 percentage points to 19% (2015: 24%).

in millions of EUR 2016 2015 Change in %
Gross profit on revenues 288.1 339.2 -15%
Gross margin (excluding acquisition-related amortization)

and share-based compensation costs 55% 56%

Gross margin (including acquisition-related amortization)

and share-based compensation costs 52% 54%

EBITDA 155.6 195.2 -20%
Operating result (EBIT) 93.3 1473 -37%
EBIT margin (including acquisition-related amortization)

and share-based compensation costs 17% 24%

Financial result 40 17 -66%
Result before tax 97.2 158.9 -39%
Net result 102.9 148.7 -31%
Return on equity 15% 22%

Return on revenues 19% 24%

43


--- Page 15 ---

2.4 Assets and Financial Position

The balance sheet structure shows a high ratio of
fixed to total assets which is common to the semi-
conductor industry, at the same time intangible
assets reflect the acquisitions concluded in 2016.
The share of intangibles and property, plant and
equipment in the total assets decreased from 69%
in 2015 to 65% in the reporting period.

The investments in fixed assets affecting cash
(capital expenditures) of EUR 91.7m were higher
than the current depreciation and amortization
of EUR 62.3m and amounted to 17% of full year
revenues (2015: 13%). The ratio of equity to fixed
assets reached 70% in 2016 compared to 80% in
the previous year, thus reflecting the investments
in fixed assets, acquisitions and strategic invest-
ments.

In the past financial year ams completed strategic
transactions to acquire 100% of CCMOSS, MAZeT as
well as Incus.

The fixed assets include a deferred tax asset of
EUR 35.4m (previous year: EUR 34.8m). Under the
current tax legislation, this tax asset can be carried

forward indefinitely but is expected to be used to
offset profit taxes within the next five years.

Inventories amounted to EUR 92.9m at the end of
2016 (2015: EUR 79.8m). This increase was particu-
larly driven by the expansion of internal manufac-
turing capacity at a high level of capacity utilization
and a comparable level of inventory turnover.

Trade receivables at balance sheet date increased
to EUR 97.2m due to the impact of fourth quarter
revenues (2015: EUR 88.7m ). The average period of
outstanding receivables showed a slight increase
compared to the previous year.

Financial liabilities increased by EUR 196.9m to

EUR 472.1m from EUR 275.2m in 2015 asa result

of drawing long-term credit lines - exploiting the
historically low interest rate levels — for acquisitions
and strategic investments. For the same reason, net
debt increased to EUR 256.2m in 2016 compared to
anet cash position of EUR 131.3m in 2015. Group
equity decreased by 2% to EUR 667.6m due to the
development of the net result.

in millions of EUR 2016 2015 2016 2015
Assets Equity and liabilities

Inventories 92.9 79.8 Financial liabilities 472.1 275.2
Trade receivables 97.2 88.7 Trade liabilities 68.2 58.6
Other current assets 249.3 172.6 Other liabilities 158.3 127.3
Fixed assets 948.3 847.5 Provisions 56.8 81.1
Deferred tax asset 35.4 34.8 Shareholders’ equity 667.6 681.2
Total assets 1,423.0 1,223.4 Total equity and liabilities 1,423.0 1,233.4

Given the higher level of gross debt the company’s
debt-to-equity ratio increased to 71% compared

to 40% in the previous year. At the same time, the
equity ratio decreased to 47% (2015: 56%).


--- Page 16 ---

2016 2015

Equity ratio 47% 56%
Debt to equity ratio 71% 40%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 70% 80%

These figures are directly derived from the group financial statements.

2.5 Cash Flow

The operating cash flow decreased to EUR 82.3m in
2016 compared to EUR 155.6m in the previous year.
This decrease was primarily due to the lower ope-
rating result. The cash flow from investing activities
was EUR -71.0m (2015: EUR -287.2m ) including
EUR 97.7m of expenditures for intangible assets,
property, plant and equipment (2015: EUR 80.1m)

and EUR 48.3m for company acquisitions ( 2015:
EUR 201.5m ). Free cash flow amounted to

EUR 11.3m (2015: -131.6m ). The company’s availa-
ble liquidity increased by EUR 76.0m to EUR 179.6m
at the end of 2016. The cash flow from financing
activities amounted to EUR 58.5m in 2016 compa-
red to EUR 21.6m in the previous year.

in millions of EUR 2016 2015 Change in %
Operating cash flow 823 155.6 47%
Cash flow from investing activities 71.0 -287.2 +75%
Free cash flow 113 -131.6 +109%
Cash flow from financing activities 585 21.6 +170%
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash

equivalents 62 98 -38%
Cash and cash equivalents 179.6 103.6 +73%

45


--- Page 17 ---

46

3. Research and Development

ams’ technological leadership in the design and
manufacture of high performance sensor solutions
and analog ICs is based on more than 30 years of
intensive research and development activities. In
order to secure and strengthen its leading position,
the company makes significant investments in
research and development on a continuous basis.
Research and development expenses amounted to
EUR 138.6m last year (25% of revenues) compared
to EUR 107.8m in the year before (17% of revenu-
es). Research and development activities mainly

comprised sensor solutions, sensors and sensor in-
terfaces for the company’s core markets regarding
product development as well as the development
of specialty variants of CMOS and SiGe processes.
The average number of employees in research and
development was 677 in 2016 (2015: 548).

ams’ R&D activities again allowed the filing of a
large number of international patents and the pub-
lication of numerous papers in international specia-
list journals and at trade conferences last year.

4. Purchasing and Manufacturing

In purchasing, ams was able to reduce the cost of
raw materials and assembly services slightly last
year which had a positive effect on the gross profit
margin. Given continuously rising personnel costs
the cost pressures in manufacturing nevertheless
remain high.

Internal production capacity was fully utilized
throughout the year 2016. As a consequence, the
average capacity utilization across all manufactu-
ring areas was 100% over the reporting period. Any
unabsorbed fixed costs have been recorded in the
income statement.

Gross margin excluding acquisition-related
amortization and share based compensation costs
decreased slightly to 55% compared to 56% in
2015, gross margin including acquisition-related
amortization decreased as well slightly to 52% from
54% in the previous year. This relatively stable de-
velopment was mainly due to product mix effects
and a high capacity utilization in manufacturing.

Given the positive demand environment for its
products ams expects another year of very high
capacity utilization for 2017.


--- Page 18 ---

5. Employees

On average, ams had 2,175 employees in 2016
(2015: 1,921) of which 1,111 worked at the compa-
ny headquarters in Premstatten (2015: 1,040 ). The
increase of 253 employees comprises the addition
of 128 employees in research and development,
49 employees in production and 75 employees in
General and Administration.

ams recognizes its responsibility as an important
employer in the region. The company again offered
a wide range of internal and external training and
development opportunities for all employees last
year and provided training positions for apprenti-
ces,

ams attempts to retain its employees with the
help of a long-term remuneration model. A profit
sharing program for all ams employees augments

6. Environment

Acting responsibly towards the environment is a
basic principle for ams in all business operations.
ams is dedicated meeting the highest environmen-
tal standards as well as using resources and the en-
vironment conservatively. ams has therefore been
certified to ISO 14001:2004 for a number of years.

Sustainability as well as efforts to preserve en-
vironmental resources and reduce energy costs
and carbon dioxide emissions are major concerns
for ams which have been supported by a range
of activities for many years. Based on a thorough

the existing employee stock option and incentive
programs by way of an attractive direct compo-
nent. The profit sharing program expresses ams’
belief that the company’s employees are its most
important success factor and honors every emplo-
yee's contribution to ams’ success.

Owing to the earnings in 2016, the total amount
for distribution which depends on the operating
profit before taxes in relation to full year revenues
(EBT margin) decreased significantly and totals
EUR 1.7m for 2016 (2015: EUR 15.7m).

Moreover, active internal and employee communi-
cations as well as regular employee events which
form a company tradition serve to ensure the
employees’ identification with the company.

analysis of ams’ carbon dioxide emission sources
in 2009, measures to achieve further reductions in
carbon dioxide emissions are being defined each
subsequent year.

ams also submits information on its carbon dioxide
emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project, a
global transparency initiative which has created
the world’s largest freely available database of
corporate carbon dioxide emissions.

47


--- Page 19 ---

48

7. Subsidiaries and Branch Facilities

ams currently has subsidiaries in Switzerland, Italy,
Germany, France, Belgium, the United Kingdom,
Spain, Portugal, Sweden, the U.S., the Cayman Is-
lands, the Philippines, China, Japan, Korea, Slovenia
and India. The subsidiaries in the USA, Switzerland,
Italy, Spain, Belgium, Portugal and the United
Kingdom, Slovenia, Germany, Japan and India carry
out development, marketing and sales activities,
while the subsidiaries in France and China are ac-
tive in marketing and sales and technical support.
The subsidiary in the Philippines is responsible for

8. Risk Management

Operating on a global basis, the ams Group is expo-
sed to a variety of risks that are inextricably linked
to business activities. In order to identify, evaluate
and counteract these risks in a timely manner, ams
has developed and implemented tight internal risk
management systems. This risk management sys-
tem was implemented and benchmarked against
best practices in conjunction with the company’s
auditors. The risk management process in place re-
quires the business units to constantly monitor and

Business Interruption Risk

The company’s state-of-the-art 200mm manufactu-
ring facility went into operation in 2002. Although
12 years old the facility is regarded as compara-
tively new by semiconductor industry standards.
Therefore the risk of breakdowns or prolonged
downtime is relatively low. In addition, this risk

is being minimized further by preventive main-

production activities in testing, while the subsidi-
ary in Korea is responsible for sales and assembly
in the region. Branch facilities exist in Hong Kong,
Singapore and Taiwan.

Principal shareholdings: The investment in New
Scale Technologies, Inc., Victor, New York (USA),
remained unchanged at 34.5%. New Scale Tech-
nologies develops piezo-based miniature motor
technologies and licenses products and technolo-
gies to industrial partners.

evaluate risks. Regular risk reports are prepared for
the management board and supervisory board.
This ensures that major risks are identified and
counteraction can be taken at an early stage.

The internal audit function complements the risk
management process. In close alignment with the
supervisory board's audit committee it aims to
analyze internal processes and if necessary propose
improvements.

tenance activities. The business interruption risk is
additionally insured for the replacement price and
against loss of earnings for 18 months. ams’ insurer,
FM Global, has awarded the company - as one of a
select number of semiconductor manufacturers —
the HPR (highly protected risk) status.


--- Page 20 ---

Financial Risks

Risk management is handled centrally by the
treasury department in accordance with guidelines
issued by the management board. These detailed
internal guidelines regulate responsibility and acti-

Receivables and Credit Risk

ams operates a strict credit policy. The creditwort-
hiness of existing customers is constantly checked
and new customers undergo a credit evaluation.
Under ams’ treasury and risk management policy,
investments in liquid securities and transactions

Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk - the possible fluctuation in value
of financial instruments due to changes in market
interest rates — arises in relation to medium and
long-term receivables and payables (especially
borrowings). ams’ treasury policy ensures that
part of the interest rate risk is reduced by fixed-in-
terest borrowings. On the liability side, 42% of all
amounts owed to financial institutions are at fixed

Foreign Exchange Risk

Financial transactions in the semiconductor in-
dustry are predominantly carried out in US dollars.
To hedge the currency risk, all transaction and
conversion risks are constantly monitored. Within
the group, cash flow streams in the same currency
are offset (netting). Currency fluctuations during

on parameters for the areas affected. The treasury
department evaluates and hedges financial risks in
close cooperation with the business units.

involving derivative financial instruments are only
carried out with financial institutions that have
high credit ratings. As of the balance sheet date
there were no significant concentrations of credit
risk.

rates. Of the remaining borrowings on a floating
rate basis (58%), 37% will be repaid over the next
two years. The remaining floating rate borrowings
undergo continual checks with regard to the
interest rate risk. On the asset side, the interest
rate risks are primarily attached to time deposits
and securities in current assets that are tied to the
market interest rate.

foreign currency transactions mainly concern the
US dollar. From the company’s point of view, due
to the extreme volatility in the currency markets, it
is not possible to engage in economically feasible,
efficient, and low risk currency hedges.

49


--- Page 21 ---

50

Product Liability and Quality Risk

The products manufactured by ams are integrated
into complex electronic systems. Faults or functio-
nal defects in the products produced by ams may
have a direct or indirect effect on the property,
health or life of third parties. The company is not in
a position to reduce or exclude its liability towards
consumers or third parties in sales agreements.
Every product that leaves the company undergoes

Patent Infringement Risk

ams manufactures complex ICs using various
process technologies, line widths and production
facilities. Like industry competitors, the company
constantly has to develop these technologies
further. Should ams infringe any existing patents
while consistently monitoring processes, pro-

9. Outlook

Despite prevailing uncertainties about the de-
velopment of the world economy, global industrial
production and private consumption in the current
year, ams expects its business to resume growth in
2017 based on the market launch of new advanced
sensor and analog solutions and the production
ramp-up of various design-wins.

For the analog segment of the worldwide semicon-
ductor industry market researchers assume market
volume to expand further in 2017 and currently
expect year-on-year growth in the middle sing-
le-digit percentage range (WSTS, February 2017) In
contrast, ams expresses its confidence at this time
to achieve a revenue growth rate above the expec-
ted market growth rate for the current year. ams
expects gross profit margin for the year 2017 to

several qualified checks regarding quality and
function. In spite of quality control systems certi-
fied to ISO/TS 16949, ISO/TS 13485, ISO 9001 und
ISO 14001, product defects may occur and possibly
only show up after installation and use of the finis-
hed products. Although this risk has been approp-
riately insured, quality problems could negatively
impact ams’ assets, financial and earnings position.

duction methods, and design blocks protected
under patent law as well as related comprehensive
licensing, this may negatively impact the assets,
financial and earnings position of the company as
well as the ams share price.

remain high and foresees a positive development
of the operating and net result in the current year
despite further increases in research and develop-
ment as well as sales and marketing expenses.

However, should global semiconductor demand
and the macroeconomic environment develop
unfavorably in 2017 and/or the US dollar show
notable weakness, ams would experience a mea-
ningful impact on the development of its business
and earnings.

ams’ outstanding expertise in sensor and analog
solutions and its clear strategy of focusing on key
sensing markets offer significant growth oppor-
tunities for the company. These include a range of
new and upcoming applications in smartphones


--- Page 22 ---

and other mobile devices as well as the rapidly business with key accounts, a stronger penetration
increasing use of advanced sensor technologies in of its worldwide customer base and a continued
automotive, industrial, and medical applications. leadership position in its target markets remain

In this context, the expansion of the company’s mid-term strategic priorities for ams.

10. Other Information

Regarding information concerning equity and investments please refer to the notes of the financial state-
ments.

Premstatten, February 27, 2017

Ze io On chu =. Uh. U,

Alexander Everke Kirk S. Laney Dr. Thomas Stockmeier Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch
Chairman of the Member of the Member of the Member of the
Management Board Management Board Management Board Management Board
CEO cso. coo CFO

51
