

--- Page 1 ---

Introduction to the Group

History

1.1. History

@ Acquisitions

1857

1932

1944

1953

1954

1967

1968

1972

1972

1973

1975

1975

1978

1988

eeeee
8

1991-93

1994

1994

1994-96

1995

1997-98

1997-98

| 10 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016

© organic growth @ innovations

Creation of a tin-plating workshop in Selongey
in the Burgundy region, France

First hand-crank food mill by Moulinex

The company takes the name SEB.
(Société d’Emboutissage de Bourgogne)

Launch of the Super Cocotte pressure cooker,
which was to give rise to the Seb brand

The first Tefal non-stick pan and the first Calor
steam iron

Seb invents the odourless electric fryer

Acquisition of Tefal and its European subsidiaries
(Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy)

Acquisition of Calor

Opening of subsidiaries in England and the US
Creation of Groupe SEB

Initial public offering of SEB S.A.

Opening of a subsidiary in Japan

First Tefal raclette grill

First Calor electronic iron

Acquisition of the German company, Rowenta

Opening of subsidiaries: Mexico, Poland,
the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Turkey,
Canada and Portugal

Seb Clipso pressure cooker with innovative
opening mechanism

Dymbo vacuum cleaner by Rowenta

Further international expansion (Russia,
United Arab Emirates, Brazil, Argentina)

Pots and pans with Ingenio removable
handles by Tefal

Opening of subsidiaries in Australia
and South Korea

Acquisitions of the Brazilian company,
Arno, and the Colombian company, Volmo
(Samurai brand)

2000

2001

2003-04

2004

2006

2005

2006

2007

2007

2011

2011

2011

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2016

2016

Thermospot by Tefal (heat indicator integrated in
the nonstick surface)

Moulinex-Krups takeover

Further development in Asia (Thailand
and Malaysia)

Acquisition of All-Clad, high-end cookware
specialist in the United States

Repelente anti-mosquito fan by Arno

Acquisitions of the Brazilian company, Panex
and the Italian company, Lagostina

Actifry, “low-fat” fryer with only a spoonful of oil

Acquisition of a majority shareholding
in the Chinese company, Supor

Silence Force vacuum cleaner by Rowenta

Acquisitions of Imusa in Colombia
and Asia Fan in Vietnam

Majority shareholding in the Indian company,
Maharaja Whiteline

Creation of the SEB Alliance investment fund

Acquisition of an additional 20% capital interest
in Supor

Cookeo multicooker by Moulinex, Freemove
cordless iron, and Steampod, the professional
hair-straightening solution in partnership

with L’Oréal

Cuisine Companion, the first cooking
food processor by Moulinex and Optigrill,
the intelligent grill

Cookeo Connect, the connected version
of Cookeo

Acquisition of the Scandinavian company,
OBH Nordica

Capital stake in Supor increased to 81%

Acquisition in Germany of EMSA, the kitchen
utensil and accessory specialist

Acquisition of WMF, the world leader
in professional automatic coffee machines and
leader in cookware in Germany


--- Page 2 ---

1.2. Business sector

Introduction to the Group

Business sector

THE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

Groupe SEB has forged over the years a leadership position as the
world reference in Small Domestic Equipment. This sector covers
cookware and small electrical appliances, accounting respectively
for approximately 30% and 70% of its sales.

The global Small Domestic Equipment market is by nature highly
diverse, reflecting the multitude of local consumer cooking, eating
and product utilization habits. This means that the global market lacks
genuine homogeneity and is divided into many distinct national and
regional markets. As a result, it does not benefit from a comprehensive
coverage by research panels (primarily GFK) or other market research
bodies. This at times makes it difficult to reconcile industry figures
(inclusion of new categories or geographic segments for example) in
order to produce a global picture. Accordingly, based on the latest
available statistics and Group estimates (including certain changes in
scope resulting from the addition of new categories and countries),
the size of the market addressed by Groupe SEB has been updated.
The market is now currently estimated at around €38 billion for small
electrical appliances (revised upwards from the figure of €34 billion
published in the 2015 Registration Document) and €22 billion for
cookware and kitchen utensils (compared to €14 billion in 2015).

& The small electrical appliance market addressed by Groupe SEB
includes several segments varying considerably in size, and ranked
below according to their global weight:

= home comfort: fans, heaters, air treatment appliances;
= home care: vacuum cleaners;

= food preparation: blenders, kitchen machines, heating/cooking
food processors, beaters, mixers, citrus squeezer and juicers,
etc.;

= electrical cooking: rice cookers, electrical pressure cookers,
multicookers, toasters, deep fryers, grills and barbecues,
sandwich-makers, table-top ovens, induction hobs, etc.;

= beverage preparation: kettles, coffee makers (filter and pod,
espresso machines);

= personal care: hair care appliances (hairdryers, blow-drying
hairstylers, hair straighteners), hair trimmers, epilators, bathroom
scales. The Group does not operate in the dental care or men’s
shaving segments which are accordingly excluded from its target
market;

= linen care: ironing (dry and steam irons, steam generators and
garment steamers), semi-automatic washing machines, etc.

Groupe SEB has built a global reference position in the small
electrical appliance market that it addresses. This position is based
on number one rankings in several categories, top-tier positions in
others and a reinforced presence in new product families.

§ The cookware and kitchen tool and utensil market breaks down
more or less evenly between the two segments. For cookware
(mainly frying pans, saucepans, pressure cookers, bakeware
and oven dishes) Groupe SEB is the undisputed leader and is
continuing to expand its product offering by regularly introducing
new materials. The kitchen utensils and accessories market is in
contrast highly fragmented yet extremely promising. It is estimated
to be comparable in size to the cookware market. Currently,
Groupe SEB's position on the kitchen tool market remains relatively
small. This market includes, for example, spatulas, ladles, skimmers,
kitchen knives, gadgets, vacuum flasks and mugs, food storage
boxes and containers, etc. By combining sustained organic growth
and a strategy of industry consolidation exemplified by the recent
acquisitions of EMSA and WMF, Groupe SEB now ranks among the
top five global players in this segment.

At worldwide level and from a long-term perspective, the Small
Domestic Equipment sector has demonstrated its resilience during
periods of crisis and solid development within a neutral or positive
economic environment. This performance reflects the combined
impact of several different factors:

™@ moderate but steady growth in most mature markets, with a high
installed base though unevenly spread across product families,
responsiveness to innovation, a robust replacement market and
a trading up trend reflecting demand for higher status products.
At the same time, the entry-level segment, driven by demand for
basic, low-priced products, has remained steady;

overall solid but more volatile growth in emerging markets, according
to general environment and events. These markets are experiencing
strong demand from first-time buyers and their buoyant growth is
fuelled by rising consumption stemming from the greater purchasing
power of a booming middle class, increasing urbanization and the
development of modern retail channels, particularly e-commerce,
etc.;

the coexistence of “global” products addressing universal needs or
easy to adapt on a country scale with a product offering adapted
to the specific lifestyles and consumption habits (in particular, as
for food) in local markets;

@ an average sale price of around €50 for a small electrical appliance
in Europe for example, largely affordable by the general public and
requiring no or a limited use of credit. Sales are further boosted by
in-store or online traffic driven by promotional campaigns within a
very competitive market environment;

@ strong seasonality, shared by all market players, largely linked to
the high percentage of products, and in particular small electrical
appliances, sold as gift items during the holiday periods (the fourth
quarter for most markets in Western countries, January/February
for China around the Chinese New Year, etc.);

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016

|-


--- Page 3 ---

Introduction to the Group

Business sector

@ strong contributions for many years from products and solutions
developed in partnership with major consumer goods players, as
for example in the case of single-serve coffee making;

@ the emergence of new consumer trends worldwide: more
Western in Asian or South American countries, more ethnic in
Western countries, the rediscovery of “home-made” products and
increasing attention paid to food ingredients in Europe, heightened
environmental awareness, etc.

MULTIPLE FORMS OF COMPETITION

In the frame of a worldwide approach, the specificities of the Small
Domestic Equipment market require a strategy that is both global
and local in order to effectively address the expectations of consumers.
around the globe. The expansion of international brands, which can
in some cases be marketed under strong local/regional brands in
their domestic market, falls in line with this two-pronged approach
and combines the benefits of both economies of scale with solid
positions in local markets. On this basis, Groupe SEB is the only player
boasting such broad international reach, supported by six global
brands and a very strong portfolio of brands with local leadership
positions. This gives it a strategic advantage versus a very disparate
range of competitors consisting of:

§ large international groups that include operations in the small
electrical appliance sector: Philips and Electrolux, with a wide
product offering and a global presence; Bosch-Siemens and
Conair, with an extremely comprehensive product range distributed
primarily in Europe and the United States; Newell, operating mainly
in North America; De Longhi is to be added to these international
players as a major operator in coffee making and food preparation
appliances that is expanding its segment-focused and international
presence;

@ major cookware manufacturers marketing a broad product range
internationally like the US group Meyer, the German companies
Fissler or Zwilling-Staub;

groups or companies operating primarily in their domestic market
or a small number of reference markets: Magimix, Taurus, Imetec,
Severin, in particular, in several European countries; Arcelik in
Turkey; Bork and Redmond in Russia; Spectrum Brands and
NACCO in North America; Mallory, Mondial, Britania or Tramontina
(cookware) in South America; Panasonic in Asia;

§ high-end specialists concentrating on one or two product segments
(Dyson, Vorwerk, Jura and Laurastar in small electrical appliances)

On top of these specific moves, changes in distribution are having a
crucial role in the emergence of new consumer purchasing behavior:
rapid development in many countries - mature and emerging - of
alternative distribution networks, in particular e-commerce, has
profoundly transformed the market, boosting online sales (particularly
for small electrical appliances). As a result, growth in this market is
currently being broadly driven by e-commerce: major online specialists
(pure players like Amazon, Tmall, Nova Pontocom, etc.) as well as the
internet sites and platforms of initially “physical” retailers (“brick-and-
mortar” retailers).

achieving differentiation through an innovative product offering - or
ona specific area of expertise, like the French company Le Creuset,
which specializes in cast iron cookware;

local competitors, notably in booming Asian emerging markets
(China, India and Indonesia), driven by buoyant domestic markets
and, in the case of China, by growth in exports, both regionally
(particularly South-East Asia) and worldwide. In China, the Group's
main competitors are Midea and Joyoung for small kitchen electrics
and ASD for cookware;

private labels or white label goods in large part focused on
aggressively priced entry-level products. In small electrical
appliances, their presence is often linked to promotional campaigns
based on products manufactured under one-off contracts with
Chinese subcontractors specifically and mainly designed to
generate traffic at points of sale. Nevertheless, their overall market
share remains low. Conversely, in cookware, the Group’s main
competitors internationally are often private labels;

@ finally, certain companies’ activities and brands cover both B2B
and consumer or end-user segments, as in the cases of Kitchen
Aid (Conair), Magimix (Robot-Coupe) and Vorwerk for example.

In general, competition has become fierce in recent years, in both small
electrical appliances and cookware. This trend has been reinforced by
additional pressure on prices exerted by retailers in order to maintain
or boost traffic in stores in response to strong momentum in on-line
sales.

In this competitive discount-driven market, sales continue to be largely
fuelled by European groups such as Groupe SEB, Philips, Bosch
Siemens or De Longhi which have been developing new products
and concepts, opening up new categories and expanding into new
territories.

| 32 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 4 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1.3. A profitable growth strategy

On the one hand, Groupe SEB’s expansion is based on a strategy
of steady growth, driven by a strong product innovation policy, a
global presence, an unrivalled brand portfolio within the industry and
a capacity to work with all distribution channels. On the other hand,

it relies on an unswerving commitment to competitiveness which is 1

achieved via a balanced manufacturing base and on a rigorous and
responsible purchasing policy.

STRONG PRODUCT INNOVATION DYNAMIC

Firmly rooted in the Group's values, innovation is one of its most
powerful development and differentiation drivers. It gives the Group
the head start it requires to stay ahead of the competition and to fight
commoditization. The Group uses innovation to offer new products,
designs, or differentiated marketing approaches. This provides real
added value for consumers, allowing Groupe SEB to stand out in an
effective way and thus strengthen its positioning and conquer new
markets.

A LONG-TIME COMMITMENT

The Group's history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs
incorporating unique concepts, new features and ingenious
discoveries. These innovations have been reflected in tangible
advances in the everyday life of consumers. Iconic products such as
the SEB pressure cooker or the Moulinex hand-crank food mill paved
the way for the first electrical appliances in the 1950s and 1960s:
irons, coffee grinders, the Charlotte and Marie multi-purpose food
processors, etc. The design of products making everyday life easier
and eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster pace in
the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum cleaners, kitchen
machines and the launch by Seb of odorless deep fryers. The 1970s
and 1980s marked the arrival of more sophisticated functions with the
introduction of electronically enhanced products: bathroom scales,
programmable coffee machines, etc. This era also saw the emergence
of new lifestyles, reflected in the launch of informal meal appliances
such as the raclette grill and home espresso coffee makers. In the
decade from 1990 to 2000, both Groupe SEB and Moulinex brought
new simplicity to the world of small electrical appliances, including
pressure cookers with simplified closing mechanisms, removable
handles for frying pans and saucepans, compact vacuum cleaners
with triangular-shaped heads, coffee makers incorporating doser-
grinders, frying pans with a visual heat indicator, food processors
including storage systems, etc.

The 2000s marked a new acceleration in the product offering renewal
process through:

@ the Group's first partnerships, developed from 2006 onwards
with leading food industry operators, which gave it access to new
product categories such as pod coffee makers and home beer-
tapping machines;

§ the introduction of several innovative concepts, in response to
new consumer expectations (nutrition and health, home-made,
convenience, well-being, etc.), often leading to major commercial
success: the Actifry fryer with only a spoonful of oil; the Silence
Force 4A and Silence Force Extreme vacuum cleaners, which
combine power with very low noise levels; silent and anti-mosquito
fans, smart and/or connected appliances (Cookeo and Optigrill),
and the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor; anti-calc iron
and high pressure steam generator irons, etc.;

§ the introduction of new features such as a self-cleaning iron sole-
plate and fast-heating steam generators in linen care; heating and
cooking blenders in the food preparation segment; anti-mosquito
fans in home comfort, etc.

AVIRTUOUS STRATEGY

Groupe SEB's innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic
approach to product creation that involves both business unit teams
and head office departments in research and development, industry,
purchasing, logistics and strategic marketing, design and quality. New
products are the result of the in-depth analysis of consumer needs
(which include both expressed and latent needs), the invention of
breakthrough concepts, the use and evaluation of new technologies
and the creation of differentiating or one-of-a-kind designs. For
Groupe SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous circle: as a creator of
value for customers/retailers and a source of progress and satisfaction
for consumers, it generates profitable growth which makes it possible
to reinvest in innovation to restart the cycle.

This approach to innovation relies on a shared, collaborative basis
internally and is also open to external partners. The Group has,
therefore, structured relations within its innovation community,
comprising 1,300 employees, using collaborative tools that make
it possible to enrich the collective vision on strategic issues and to
promote the sharing of knowledge and best practices.

At the same time, the Group has developed partnerships with
universities, schools, engineering firms, testing laboratories, research
institutes and other companies with which it collaborates on major
projects. Reinforcing and effectively exploiting these research
networks allow it to accelerate its innovation process, expand its
scope of intervention and receive the benefits of additional expertise

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 5 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

in a broad range of fields (materials, information and communications
technologies, electrical engineering, food sciences and technologies,
etc.). Examples include projects in the field of health and nutrition as
for Nutrition-Santé-Longévité, Vitagora and Q@limed. The Group also
contributes to better living and general health as an EIT Knowledge
Innovation Community member and is a major stakeholder in France
and international markets within the FoodTech ecosystem that seeks
to anticipate new food related trends. In association with other
companies specialized in different sectors (food industry, consumer
goods, digital transition, etc.), the Group takes part to these projects
by designing and marketing connected objects, developing a culinary
platform with Orange, launching an online cooking platform (www.
foodle.fr) and developing partnerships with both large groups and
startups.

In 2014, the Group launched an open site for innovators, “Innovate
with Groupe SEB”, targeting inventors, scientists, researchers and
designers who want to propose an innovation to the Group. The site
offers three ways of working together: propose an invention, join the
Groupe SEB innovation network or take part in challenges based
around themes set by the Group.

In May 2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB Alliance,
to improve its technology monitoring system by investing in innovative,
technology-focused companies in areas such as connected home
and digital applications, robotics, well-being and population aging,
and sustainable development. These companies provide the Group
with technological bricks it can use to develop its products. Since
its creation, SEB Alliance has directly invested in 10 companies
operating in fields that are aligned with the Group’s priorities for
strategic innovation: big data, air treatment, water filtration, health and
beauty, connected devices, robotics... which may lead to consumer
applications in the future. It has also invested in two venture capital
funds, Cathay Innovation and Innovacom Technocom 2.

AVIRTUOUS STRATEGY

PROFITABLE GROWTH

VALUE CREATION
FOR THE GROUP FOR RETAILERS

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
‘AND LOYALTY

AN INNOVATION POLICY SUSTAINED
BY MAJOR INVESTMENTS

The Group invests every year significant amounts in R&D, product
design, strategic marketing, or range optimization in order to better
target consumer expectations, enabling it to stand out as one of the
most innovative players in its industry. In 2016, gross investments in
R&D before CIR (research tax credit) and capitalization amounted to
€104 million (€100 million in 2015). Investments in strategic marketing
stood at €75 million in 2016 (€68 million in 2015). The R&D teams
have been significantly strengthened over the last few years, in terms
of both employee numbers and employee qualifications, with the
hiring of highly specialized engineers, for instance. These specialists
bring expertise in cutting-edge fields such as coatings and materials,
connected products, batteries, motors, food processing, sensors, etc.

3 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 6 ---

AN UNRIVALLED BRAND PORTFOLIO

For many years the Group has boasted the largest brand portfolio
in the industry, providing strong growth pillars for its strategy of
profitable growth. This portfolio includes international brands such as
Tefal, Moulinex, Rowenta, Krups, Lagostina and All-Clad and regional
brands/local leaders or reference players in their domestic markets
such as Air Bake, Arno, AsiaVina, Calor, Clock, Imusa, Maharaja
Whiteline, Mirro, OBH Nordica, Panex, Rochedo, Samurai, Seb, Supor,
T-fal, Umco, WearEver. Following the acquisitions in 2016, the WMF,
Silit, Kaiser, Schaerer, HEPP and EMSA brands have been added to
the Group's portfolio.

This multi-brand strategy makes it possible for the Group to:

@ better address the various needs of consumers throughout the
world, with each brand responding to specific consumer behaviors;

§ offer relevant and complementary responses to retailer strategies.

A GLOBAL AND DIVERSIFIED PRESENCE

Over the last 40 years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150 countries as a result of an expansion strategy combining internal
growth with acquisitions. It has leading positions in Europe, China,
Russia, Brazil, Colombia, Turkey, etc.

The Group's strong local presence is due to the relevance of its offering
and its capacity to adapt to the needs of different markets. Its global
presence enables it to seize opportunities for profitable growth in
the various countries in which it has a presence and to diversify its
exposure to different economies. In 2016, 54% of its sales were made
in mature countries and 46% in emerging countries.

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

Each brand has a clearly defined identity with specific values that
are expressed through the assortment, features and design of the
products as well as brand-specific marketing and communication.

In addition to the management of its brand portfolio the Group pursues
a strategy of partnerships to develop new concepts and step up
its sales. Accounting for almost 10% of sales, these partnerships
are major drivers of growth and innovation for the Group. Joint
development agreements have also been signed with major names
in the food industry, such as Nestle for Nespresso and Dolce Gusto,
and Heineken for BeerTender and The Sub, and in the cosmetics
industry, such as L’Oréal for Steampod. Some partnerships also impart
image, associating our products with other brands or organizations
(WWE, etc.), with licensing agreements with brands such as Elite, or
with endorsement contracts where, for example, cookware lines are
developed in collaboration with renowned chefs such as Jamie Oliver
or Thomas Keller.

SALES BY REGION IN 2016

Other Asian countries

32% an
China Western Europe
23% ~ 37%

€5,000 m

50%
ry,
South America
7%
18% North shea oer Et countries

AMERICAS

11% 13%

8%

Weight in sales
ny

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 35 |


--- Page 7 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The Group works with an extremely large and diverse network of
distributors, giving it a decisive competitive edge. It develops
constructive long-term relationships with customers on the basis of
the most extensive product offering on the market and with strong
brands, which are vectors of growth and profitability for each of the
parties.

The network mainly comprises mass food retailers, specialist retailers
as well as convenience stores or groups of independents, of which
there are still a high percentage in emerging markets. The percentage
of online sales continues to grow rapidly driven by both e-commerce
specialists (pure players) and specialist brick-and-mortar retailers as
they do ramp up their online presence (click-and-mortar). In 2016,
online sales represented some 20% of Group sales. The Group has
also developed a network of proprietary stores (Home & Cook, Tefal
shops, Supor Lifestores, etc.) giving it direct access to consumers in
certain emerging countries where retail coverage is inadequate while
providing an outlet for discontinued products in mature countries.

Customer relations is one of the Group's core concerns and it seeks
operational excellence both in the supply chain, to guarantee the
best levels of service, and in the in-store execution, to ensure that its
products are promoted on its customers’ shelves and websites. This
approach is supported by marketing and advertising investments that
have been significantly strengthened in recent years (€435 million in
2016 up from €390 million in 2015) for the purpose of:

@ further strengthening brand and product recognition through
advertising;

® ongoing roll out of best in-store execution through category
management, effective merchandising, the creation of dedicated
shop-in-shops or promotional events;

&@ guiding and supporting the Group’s new product launches;

@ accelerating digital marketing (brand websites, digital
campaigns, etc.) and supporting the ramp up of e-commerce.

SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

Hypermarkets —___Specialists
21% 19%
gier____ Traditional

9 letter
26% Ree

36 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 8 ---

AN ACTIVE ACQUISITION POLICY

Acquisitions are another pillar of the Group's growth strategy. As an
operator in the Small Domestic Equipment market, which is still highly
fragmented, the Group is positioning itself as the industry consolidator.
The Group's history is one of numerous transactions which have
enabled it to take leading positions in many countries and product
categories.

In addition to having the necessary financial capacity, external
growth requires an ability to integrate new acquisitions effectively
and to generate synergies. Groupe SEB has built up considerable
experience over the years in integrating new acquisitions. Following
Moulinex-Krups in 2001-2002, it acquired All-Clad in the United States
in 2004, Panex in Brazil and Lagostina in Italy in 2005, Mirro WearEver
in the United States in 2006, and acquired a controlling interest in
China-based Supor in late 2007. The latter stood out because
of the major challenges it presented (geographical and cultural
remoteness, language barrier, more complex integration, coordination
of communications between two listed companies, etc.). The Group's
stake was increased in several stages (20% in December 2011, 1.6%
in January 2015 and 7.91% in June 2016...) leading to its current
holding of 81.17%.

Furthermore, in February 2011, the Group acquired Imusa, a
Colombian cookware company. In May 2011, the Group took
control of a Vietnamese company - Asia Fan - specializing in the
production and sale of fans, and in December, it acquired a 55%
stake in an Indian company - Maharaja Whiteline - specializing in
small electrical appliances. In early 2013, the Group partnered with
its long-standing distributor in Egypt (Zahran) to form a joint venture
(Groupe SEB Egypt for Domestic Appliances), in which it has a 75%
interest. At the end of the financial year 2013, the Group acquired the
Canadian company Coranco to take direct control over the marketing
of Lagostina products in Canada. In 2014, it announced the acquisition
of the remaining shares of Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan. In 2015, it
acquired OBH Nordica, a major operator in small electrical appliances
in the Scandinavian markets.

2016 marked a new stage for the Group with two strategic acquisitions
in Germany in May.

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

The Group first acquired EMSA, specialized in the design,
manufacturing and distribution of kitchen utensils and accessories. A
well-known brand in German-speaking countries, EMSA boasts strong
positions in Germany in thermoware and food storage containers,
where it is the market leader. EMSA also operates in the rest of Europe
and the Middle-East. It reported €85 million in sales in 2016.

This was followed by the acquisition of WMF, a German industrial
flagship with three major business lines: professional automatic coffee
machines, Small Domestic Equipment (cookware and small electrical
appliances) and hotel equipment. Through this strategic acquisition,
Groupe SEB:

@ acquires a solid worldwide leadership in the very attractive
professional coffee machine market characterized by strong
growth, high profitability and significant recurring revenue given
the existence of after-sales service activities;

& considerably strengthens its position in cookware by becoming
the number one in Germany, notably through its high-end stainless
steel product range;

@ accelerates its development, following EMSA's acquisition, in the
key kitchen utensils and accessories market;

& consolidates its portfolio by adding strong new brands including
iconic WMF as well as Schaerer, Silit, Kaiser and HEPP;

@ accesses a network of 200 proprietary retail outlets in Germany
providing a powerful vehicle for promoting its image and sales.

In 2016, the WMF Group achieved €1,100 million in revenue
(€1.062 billion in 2015) with annual growth of 4.2%. The breakdown
by business line is 55% for Small Domestic Equipment (2015: 56%),
38% for professional coffee machines (2015: 37%) and 7% for hotel
equipment (2015: 7%). By region, Europe accounts for three quarters
of revenue (with Germany approximately one half) with the other main
markets being the United States, China, Japan and South Korea and
representing roughly equivalent amounts for the remainder. WMF’s
2016 EBITDA amounted to €128 million (up 8.5% compared with
€118 million in 2015).

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 37 |


--- Page 9 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

COMPETITIVENESS

This is one of Groupe SEB’s major strategic pillars. In addition to
innovation, commercial excellence and exemplary in-store execution,
which are all crucial factors, the Group's competitiveness is based on
a balanced manufacturing base, long-term optimization of industrial
productivity and a rigorous and responsible purchasing policy.

A BALANCED MANUFACTURING BASE

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is set to
respond to market characteristics:

@ European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French
and European plants are dedicated to products for which the
Group is a market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of
technological barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

@ manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets, and for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its specific technologies (concerning
products and processes);

@ outsourcing production for basic products or those for which the
Group lacks a strong leadership position or as part of partnership
arrangements.

It has 29 manufacturing sites which produce 71% of the products sold

by the Group throughout the world. The other 29% are outsourced, in

particular in China. Following the acquisition of EMSA and WMF, the

Group's industrial tool has been reinforced by an additional 11 plants:

3 for EMSA (Germany, China, Vietnam) and 8 for WMF (Germany,

Switzerland, Czech Republic, China, India).

SALES BY ORIGIN OF PRODUCTION

South America

6% Other
1%

Outsourced Europe
products 30%
29%

J

\ Asia

9
Excluding EMSA and WMF. 34%

The Group's industrial strategy aims to best serve markets by
continuously improving competitive performance and quality over
the long-term.

The Group's industrial competitiveness comes from its edge as a
designer of products, especially through its centers of expertise and
technological poles:

& centers of product expertise bring together the specific expertise
in research and development, industrialization and production for
a given product category;

@ technological poles reinforce the centers of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centers of industrial expertise in the development
of product offering. This allows the concept of the “technical basis” to
be promoted so as to standardize sub-assemblies and components,
in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimize the competitiveness of its manufacturing base,
the Group continues to adapt its factories, taking account of economic
market realities by adjusting production volumes or rescaling sites,
transferring operations from one entity to another, refitting sites, strict
control of manufacturing costs, refocusing production and outsourcing
according to need.

In 2016, the Group’s factories continued to operate against the
backdrop of a relatively buoyant global demand for Small Domestic
Equipment with, however, some extremely difficult markets. By
way of example, in Colombia the total cookware production was
transferred from Copacabana to Rionegro; in Omegna, Italy, the
Lagostina site was also refitted; and in Egypt, a new production
site was commissioned to better serve Middle Eastern markets. In
addition, the Group continued to reorganize its manufacturing base in
Brazil to improve its competitiveness in a difficult market and currency
environment: the transfer of operations for small electrical appliances
from Mooca/SAo Paulo to a newly built site in Itatiaia in the state of Rio
de Janeiro is in progress. The Chinese sites benefited from sustained
local demand and the continued re-integration of production that had
previously been outsourced. The Group's largest site in China for small
electrical appliances in Shaoxing continued to ramp up production in
2016, exceeding the mark of 28 million manufactured units.

CONTINUAL OPTIMIZATION OF INDUSTRIAL
PRODUCTIVITY

Launched in 2011, our global industrial and operational excellence
program, OPS (Opération Performance SEB) continued to roll out
“fundamentals” (5S, TPM, etc.) to achieve further improvements in
the productivity of our sites. This practical program of continuous
performance improvement:

§ links health and performance in all Group improvement projects;

i involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians and operators)
and all departments;

38 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 10 ---

@ aims to share best practices so as to build a real Group manufacturing
culture;

@ results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group
spirit;

fl is reflected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

While now in a mature stage the OPS projects and workshops this year
made it possible to achieve further savings. In addition, the success
of the OPS for manufacturing operations inspired other functions like
accounting or marketing to improve methodology guidelines and
common tools. Thanks to OPS, the Group is able to guarantee a high
level of quality both in its processes and products and look ahead
with confidence to the new challenges of tomorrow.

In early 2013, the Group also introduced the PCO (Product Cost
Optimization) project which aims to reduce the cost price of present
products, to optimize the future product offering and to increase
perceived value. The approach consists in applying a method for
analyzing products and taking into account customer concerns by
involving experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.) as part
of multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing solutions
and invent new ones.

These improvement plans are systematically supported by the Group's
approach to health and safety as safety of personnel in the workplace
is a key priority for the Group. A three-year plan has been launched
in this regard, with the objective of a steady decrease in the number
of workplace accidents. This plan must enable the Group to cut by
half the number of accidents at the end of this period. For further
details refer to Chapter 3 on Corporate social responsibility on pages
111 to 114.

Lastly, another key component of the Group’s competitiveness, the
supply chain is managed on a global level with the aim of rationalizing
finished product inventory, optimizing the quality of this inventory and
implementing a process to improve customer service and ensure
customer satisfaction. To deliver these results, the Group focuses
on a series of common and shared processes, supported by the roll-
out of plans to optimize the global logistics chain, from marketing
company sales forecasts to planning capacities and production. At
the same time, the creation of a Supply Chain School makes possible
the development of the aptitudes and skills of our specialist teams.

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A RIGOROUS AND RESPONSIBLE
PURCHASING POLICY

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-assemblies, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
finished products. Generally speaking, and for a number of years,
purchases have increasingly been managed at Group level, through
a panel of approved suppliers and the use of shared global product
family platforms making it possible to consolidate volumes and
standardize materials and components. This approach makes it
possible to optimize negotiations (on price, quality, on-time delivery,
etc.) and to develop pooled procurement offering greater flexibility
between manufacturing sites and increased synergies within the
Group.

The Group's direct spend policy is based on reducing costs by seeking
out and selecting the most competitive suppliers at the same time as
introducing suppliers to the Group's approach to innovation and its
required quality standards. Amongst other things, this policy makes
it possible to establish and maintain a real partnership with the best-
performing suppliers and to closely involve them in the improvement
process and the Group’s objectives in terms of competitiveness.
In 2016, the Group continued to consolidate its panel of direct
suppliers (475) for manufacturing supplies, with a global purchasing
coverage of 85%.

Non-production purchases continue to follow the same process
aimed at better qualifying approved suppliers and building an
across-the-board Group purchasing methodology with a panel of
approved suppliers representing 42% of non-production purchases.
The purchasing office team undertakes to cover a very broad range
of expenditures and an increasingly large international scope for
sourcing. Calls for tender are launched on a regular basis and cross-
functional teams thoroughly rework our specifications to optimize
purchasing in new fields.

For sourced finished products, the organizational set-up
strengthens purchasing quality processes by ensuring technical and
methodological assistance from Group teams for suppliers. At the
same time, it demonstrates the Group's desire for upstream integration
of suppliers in the product development processes in order to foster
greater fluidity in creating the product offering. With this approach
the Group has concentrated its panel of approved finished product
suppliers, which, at the end of 2016, comprised some 50 companies
representing 91% of purchases made. The Group’s approved supplier
panels consist of carefully selected and tested companies in terms
of both performance (lead times, quality, cost, etc.) and social and
environmental responsibilities (environmental impact, compliance with
Human Rights, etc.).

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 19 |


--- Page 11 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

1.4. Risk factors

The nature of Groupe SEB’s business and its large international
presence opens up significant development opportunities but also
exposure to different types of internal and external risks: exogenous,
operational, industrial and environmental, legal, financial and market
risks. These risks may adversely affect the Group's results, financial
position or assets or have consequences for its different stakeholders
- consumers, employees, customers, suppliers, partners or its
environment.

Groupe SEB is aware of these issues and pursues a policy of active
and prudent management of the risks with the objective of limiting the
effects on its operating performances and protecting its assets and/
or the interests of all its stakeholders. This approach is based on a
detailed mapping and analysis of the main risks faced by the company,
which make it possible to rank them according to their potential impact
as well as their probability of occurrence.

Based on this mapping established by the Audit and Internal Control
department, a comprehensive review of all these risks is conducted
annually by the Group’s Executive Committee and the Audit
Committee.

The main risks to which the Group is exposed on the date of this
Registration Document are described below. However, it should
be noted that this description is not exhaustive and despite the
procedures adopted, the Group cannot assert in all certainty that
the risks which could adversely affect its economic and financial
performances and its assets have been fully eliminated. The Group
may also be impacted by other risks not yet known or considered to
be insignificant at the present time.

If the risks described in this section have measurable financial
consequences and/or result in a potentially significant liability, these
financial consequences and/or contingent liabilities are reflected in
the Group's consolidated financial statements as prepared according
to applicable IFRS.

Summary of the main risk factors to which Groupe SEB is exposed on the date of this Registration Document:

Industrial and
environmental risks

Exogenous risks Operational risks

.

Country-specific
and economic
situation risks

Product liability
and related risks

.

Business seasonality
Risks relating risks
to competition

.

Risks related
to acquisitions

Commodity risks
risks

.

Customer risks

.

Risks relating to human
resources management

.

Risks concerning
information systems

.

Fraud and corruption
risks

.

Image and reputational
risks

* Dependence

* Production and supply Intellectual and
chain risks

* Risks relating
to employee health
and safety

* Climate change-related

Legal risks Financial and market risks

* Risks relating to the
impairment of intangible
assets

Liquidity and
counterparty risks

Currency risks

industrial property risks

* Risks associated
with changes in tax
regulations

Interest rate risk
* Risks relating to shares

on suppliers

20 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 12 ---

EXOGENOUS RISKS

COUNTRY-SPECIFIC AND ECONOMIC
SITUATION RISKS

The international nature of the Group's business exposes it not only to
currency risks (covered in Note 26.2.1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements) but also to risks of political, economic, monetary or social
instability risks, especially in emerging countries where the Group
conducts a significant percentage of its business. This was the case
for example in Turkey or in Brazil in 2016. The Group has a significant
exposure to China which, after strong economic growth over the last
years and solid expansion for Supor’s operations, has become the
Group's largest country. In addition to these risks, certain countries
have legal environments that are less developed or which offer limited
protections (particularly in the area of intellectual property) or may
apply import duties (as in the case of Turkey for certain electrical
appliances), import restrictions (as in Argentina and Ecuador for
electrical devices and cookware) and exchange controls (Egypt), etc.
These factors may interfere with the Group’s business and have an
impact on its financial position. At the same time, the international
presence also represents a factor of risk diversification, contributing
to a balanced global revenue mix by offsetting country and regional
impacts.

Given the limited amount the purchase of a product or small domestic
appliance represents, this industry tends to be more resilient than
others during periods of crisis. In the past, the Group’s business has
sometimes bucked the trend in challenging economic climates.

Nonetheless, the Group’s business is dependent on the economic
context and changes in consumer habits in each of the countries
where it operates. This in turn is tied to consumer purchasing power
and the financial and economic health of the Group's distribution
networks.

RISKS RELATING TO COMPETITION

The Group operates in a fierce competitive environment organized
around large international groups with global brands, regional and
national players, specialists and retailers’ private labels whose
development may be achieved at the expense of established traditional
brands. In this environment, maintaining or gaining market share is
dependent on brand reputation and the relevance of the product offer
that must be boosted by innovation and by an accurate and agile
marketing, advertising and pricing policy.

For this reason, the capacity to develop and launch genuinely
differentiating, added-value innovations is crucial. The launch of anew
concept well received by consumers may significantly and lastingly
impact an entire product family and have a material effect on results:
highly positive for the holder of the breakout product in question, very
negative for its competitors.

Advertising and promotional investments as well as execution at
points of sale or commercial websites constitute decisive levers,
supplementing an agile pricing policy, indispensable for succeeding
in volatile markets.

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

In addition to the competition within the sector, the development of
e-commerce drives significant changes in every dimension of the
commercial and marketing approach (customer relationship, dedicated
offerings, price, logistics, targeted consumer approach, etc.).

Groupe SEB therefore strives to limit these risks by intensifying its R&D
efforts (with namely enhanced resources in recent years both in terms
of skills and investments), increasing its marketing and advertising
expenditures and applying a pricing policy that is agile and adapted
to market conditions.

Because of market consolidation, the Group is also led to respond
on a regular basis to industry surveys or surveys on anti-competitive
practices conducted by the French or European competition
authorities. These types of surveys may result in sanctions or
compliance undertakings. As a major player within its business sector,
the Group is also called upon to cooperate with competition authorities
by contributing to the ongoing development of their doctrine or
recommendations on certain topics by completing questionnaires
(e-commerce in 2012, concentration of food retailers in France in
2015).

COMMODITY RISKS

Groupe SEB uses un certain number of raw materials in its
manufacturing processes: aluminum (for cookware), nickel (for certain
steel alloys), copper (mainly wire for motors and electric cables),
plastic (a key material in small electrical appliances) and paper
products for printed documents and packaging. These materials
vary as a percentage of spend for the Group: aluminum accounted
for approximately 15% of direct spend in 2016 (14% in 2015), steel/
metallic parts for 12% (13% in 2015) and plastics/plastic parts for
18% (20% in 2015).

The Group is therefore exposed to risks concerning the availability of
commodities and fluctuations in their prices. These include, on the
one hand a risk of shortages and, on the other hand, of being forced
to pass all or part of price increases on to consumers with a potential
impact on sales.

To deal with this intrinsic exposure related to its manufacturing
operations, Groupe SEB has implemented a partial hedging policy
intended to protect it against the effects of abrupt changes in the
prices of metals and to enable it to forecast or limit any price hikes that
it may have to pass on to its customers. This policy has no speculative
purposes but, for any given year and in relation to actual market prices,
may produce:

& positive impacts when raw material prices are rising;
@ negative impacts when raw material prices are dropping.

In addition, the Group constantly endeavors to improve its
manufacturing productivity and to reduce its purchasing costs, which
helps to compensate for market volatility.

Commodity risks are dealt with in Note 26.2.3 to the Financial
Statements.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 21 |


--- Page 13 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

OPERATIONAL RISKS

PRODUCT LIABILITY AND RELATED RISKS

Groupe SEB considers consumer safety an absolute priority. In this
respect, it affords maximum attention to safety precautions in terms
of raw materials, components and finished products. It may, however,
have to accept liability or witness its image, or that of its brands, being
tarnished as a result of a product malfunction. Instances of users being
hurt when a product malfunctions or is used inappropriately cannot
be ruled out. The Group is, therefore, exposed to risks of warranty
or liability claims from customers and consumers. Product recalls
may prove necessary in some cases, incurring significant costs and
impacting the Group's profitability.

To manage such risks, the Group carries out numerous quality controls
on the products that it markets. It also endeavors to include user
information sheets with its products to warn of potentially hazardous
uses. Lastly, the Group has recorded a provision for product warranty
costs based on historical statistics and has obtained insurance
coverage for civil liability (see paragraph on Insurance on page 27).

BUSINESS SEASONALITY RISKS

A significant proportion of the Group’s products are purchased to
be offered as gifts. For that reason, a large percentage of sales are
concentrated at year-end in many markets, before Christmas in Europe,
before the Chinese New Year in China and, more generally, during
festive periods. As a result, both sales and earnings are traditionally
heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter. Any disruptions affecting
the economic environment during these periods could, in consequence
have an adverse effect on Group results.

Some products are also dependent on weather conditions such as,
for example, fans in Latin America and Southeast Asia.

The Group limits this risk, on the one hand, by virtue of its global
exposure, which tends to smooth out the seasonal effects mentioned
above. On the other hand, it also strives to boost its business outside
these periods by launching new products or by implementing
marketing initiatives.

RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS

Pursuing its leadership strategy has led Groupe SEB to combine,
for more than 40 years, organic growth and acquisitions. Today, it
plays a key role in consolidating the still-fragmented Small Domestic
Equipment sector.

Despite the resources deployed and the disciplined approach
adopted both during the due diligence and post-acquisition phases,

the Group may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations,
personnel, products or technologies of the companies acquired. The
Group cannot be absolutely certain that the businesses or companies
acquired do not include liabilities that were not identified at the time of
the acquisition and against which the Group may not be protected or
may be only partially protected by the transferor or partner.

An Integration Committee regularly monitors the progress of each
project and the synergies implemented in order to promote success,
limit the risk of failure and refocus action as necessary.

In 2016, the Group acquired the German kitchen utensil and
accessories specialist, EMSA. The company was consolidated as of
1 July 2016 and the integration process is already well advanced.

On 30 November 2016, the Group completed the acquisition of
WMF, the German specialist for professional coffee machines and
cookware. With this acquisition representing 20% of Group revenue
and its integration a major priority, a dedicated team has been set up
for this purpose.

CUSTOMER RISKS

The Group sells its products to a large number of distributors and is
therefore exposed to the risk of non-recovery of receivables as a result
of cash flow issues or bankruptcies.

The Group's broad geographical distribution, as well as the variety
and number of its retail distribution networks, limit risk and, therefore,
the probability of a major impact at a consolidated level. In addition,
the Group's position in both cookware and small electrical appliance
markets contributes to a diversified customer base. The retail sale of
cookware occurs, in large part, in mass food retail, while specialized
distributors play an important role in the sale of small electrical
appliances. In 2016, the Group's ten largest customers accounted
for slightly under 34% of consolidated sales, bearing in mind that no
single customer exceeds 5% of sales. On a country level, however, a
customer default may have significant consequences for the trading
activity of the subsidiary in question.

In addition to ensuring a diversified customer base, the Group has
obtained insurance cover which considerably limits the risk of claims.
In 2016, these policies covered over 90% of consolidated revenue
(excluding China), despite a reduction in coverage in Brazil and Turkey.
At the same time, the Group maintains an internal risk-taking policy
allowing it to manage its relations with retailers on a long-term basis.
Such risk-taking is strictly controlled and so the risk of any customer
failure having a major impact on the Group’s results is very limited.

Supplementary information is provided in Notes 16 and 26.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

B GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 14 ---

RISKS RELATING TO HUMAN RESOURCES
MANAGEMENT

The Group is built on the skills of its employees, particularly those with
key roles, and on its ability to attract talented individuals to enhance its
growth. Should the Group fail to attract or retain these key personnel,
it may find it difficult to implement its strategy, with an accompanying
negative impact on its business and its results. This is why it strives
to provide a motivational working environment and to retain talented
individuals. It also implements succession plans to remedy possible
employee departures.

In the frame of acquisitions, as most recently with WMF and EMSA,
Group human resources play a decisive role and they are associated
early on in the process for the purpose of mapping the key skills and
expertise of new teams and retaining the best profiles.

Moreover, the Group is constantly adapting its structures, particularly
its manufacturing base, to ensure that it remains competitive. It
has established a forecast planning system for jobs and skills in
a permanent effort to address industrial and employment issues
in collaboration with employee representatives and to take the
necessary steps to avoid redundancies. The Group relies heavily on
the quality of employee-management dialog to solve difficult labor
issues responsibly and in the best possible conditions for everyone.
Throughout its history, Groupe SEB has carried out restructuring on
various occasions, both domestically and outside of France, and
has always done so in keeping with its corporate ethics. The Group
has a history of committing substantial resources in order to help
every employee concerned to find a solution. Groupe SEB provides
retraining and ensures that practical steps are taken for the industrial
redevelopment of the employment areas in question.

RISKS CONCERNING INFORMATION SYSTEMS

The Group continues to roll out consistent IT systems in all its
subsidiaries to ensure better management and client service and to
minimize the risks inherent in obsolete local systems. It concentrates
its IT budget on a limited number of software packages used selectively
throughout the Group, depending on the size of each subsidiary (SAP
R/3 for larger entities, or those participating in clusters, and SAP
Business One for more compact entities, etc.).

This increased dependency on information systems, greater integration
with outside partners and the multiplication of cyber attacks pose
risks regarding the integrity and confidentiality of data and possible
disruption of IT services. A risk mapping is updated annually with the
Audit and Internal Control department in order to identify and prioritize
security measures.

A failure might lead to loss of data, errors or delays that could impede
the proper functioning of the company and affect its results. Thorough
testing prior to the deployment of new systems and a strict information
system security policy (monitored by a Steering Committee) are in
place to ensure that systems are fully reliable, secure and accessible.
Regular investments are made to improve the Business Continuity
Plan in case of a major disaster on the primary IT processing center.
Anti-hacking audits are carried out each year to identify any security

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

loopholes in the Group's network. Lastly, the management rules for
access rights to systems are audited and then updated on a regular
basis.

FRAUD AND CORRUPTION RISKS

The Group's expansion into new locations, the development of new
technologies that sometimes facilitate fraud and greater competitive
pressure all increase the risk of fraud occurring within the Group's
entities. The Group is strengthening its control measures at various
levels to address this heightened risk.

With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the
Audit and Internal Control department allows the Group to analyze
these situations, inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly
by implementing new checks. A major initiative to raise awareness
among financial employees and the systematic implementation of dual
checks, for example, have limited the risk of customer, supplier and
Group manager identity theft through technological means.

Amapping of fraud risks in our sales branches was drawn up in 2016.
This mapping forms the basis for tests performed on our IT systems by
the Audit and Internal Control department to identify potential fraud.
This approach is reinforced every year by measures including the use
of a specialized tool for processing and analyzing data which is based
on the Group’s information systems.

Groupe SEB’s code of ethics clearly sets out the requirements of
the Group’s management with respect to anti-corruption measures.
In terms of relationships with suppliers, the Responsible Purchasing
Charter sets out the required rules of conduct.

Checks are carried out in the field by internal audit teams on decision-
making processes affecting relationships with suppliers and with
customers who represent the main risk areas of passive and active
corruption. These checks focus in particular on collective responsibility
and transparency when a decision is made to award a contract to a
supplier on the one hand, and on strict control over the amount and
type of business expenditure on the other.

IMAGE AND REPUTATIONAL RISKS

Operating in the universe of consumer goods on an international scale
through a large brand portfolio, Groupe SEB is exposed to a risk
that information or criticism, whether founded or unfounded, causes
harm to its image or reputation. Today this risk has been increased
by the speed at which information is disseminated, facilitated by new
technologies and in particular social media or networks.

To reduce the risk of negative publicity that could significantly impact
its business and performances, the Group has adopted in all its
subsidiaries good practices and rules of confidentiality. This has been
accompanied by a system designed to rapidly identify potential risks
and alert management when necessary and, as applicable, set up a
dedicated crisis management unit with clearly defined and shared
processes.

1

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 23 |


--- Page 15 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

DEPENDENCE ON SUPPLIERS

As part of its global purchasing policy, the Group relies on an approved
panel of suppliers for production (475 in 2016 versus 470 in 2015),
which accounted for approximately 85% of its worldwide needs in
2016. The top 50 suppliers accounted for 38% of direct spend by
value (41% in 2015). With respect to the procurement of finished
products, Groupe SEB has established a panel of some 50 suppliers
who account for 91% of total purchases.

Based on 2016 figures, the top three production suppliers provide
nearly 6% of purchases (identical to 2015), and split almost evenly
among them. The top three suppliers of finished products provide
around 37% of the total, with the leading supplier contributing around
23% alone, the second 8% and third 5%.

Excluding the leading supplier, the weak weight of the next-in-line
show that the Group's policy of optimising purchasing procedures
(in particular sourcing from a smaller number of suppliers) has not
resulted in an excessive concentration of risks. Indeed, the Group
is dependent on external suppliers, where a late service or delivery
or a bankruptcy could be highly prejudicial to its trading activity; it is
therefore especially vigilant in spreading its risk base and limiting its
reliance with regard to procurement. Its priority is to ensure continuity
of production under optimum economic conditions and to have a
variety of options at its disposal, within a single product family or for
a specific technology.

INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS

Groupe SEB is exposed to events of varying origins (natural disasters,
fire, technical failures, contamination, etc.) that may have a negative
impact on a plant or logistics warehouse’s operations, thereby
affecting the market availability of its products. These types of events
may have negative consequences for the Group's business, preventing
it from achieving sales targets, and leading to a deterioration - one-off
or sustained — of the relationship with certain distributors affected by
the problems in question. The possibility that these types of events,
particularly those affecting the Group's production sites, may have
environmental repercussions, also cannot be ruled out.

The Group takes an active approach to industrial risk prevention
by conducting regular audits, investment in maintenance and the
optimization of certain processes in order to limit the probability of
such risks occurring. In practice, the European, US and Chinese
sites are generally not, or only slightly, exposed to major natural risks
(hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, etc.). Nevertheless, the Group has
introduced training initiatives to help its employees deal with these
types of events.

In parallel, the Group has long prioritized safeguarding the environment
by implementing an eco-production policy to limit its environmental
footprint, which has materialized in ISO 14001 certification of its
industrial sites. Details of measures adopted are given in section 3,
pages 127 to 135.

RISKS RELATING TO EMPLOYEE
HEALTH AND SAFETY

The health and safety of its employees are among Groupe SEB’s
foremost concerns. Nonetheless, the risk of occupational illness or
workplace accidents damaging physical integrity or posing a threat
to human life cannot be ruled out. Besides metal stamping (pressure

cookers, frying pans and saucepans), surface treatments (nonstick)
and the manufacture of certain components that occupy less than 10%
of total production staff, most of Groupe SEB’s production involves
assembly operations. The most sensitive processes are closely
monitored. In assembly processes, the most likely risks are minor
bodily injuries or injuries due to handling, as well as musculoskeletal
disorders for which the Group takes all necessary precautions (training
in ergonomics, specialist advisers and Steering Committee on each
site, etc.) to minimize their occurrence. The Group makes employees
at all levels aware of safety issues, particularly via the global Safety in
SEB program which aims to spread good practice and systematically
propose corrective measures to combat potentially hazardous
situations. Details of Group initiatives to reduce workplace accidents
and musculoskeletal disorders are given in section 3, page 111.

Despite the Group’s efforts to limit workplace accidents and
occupational illnesses, they cannot be completely ruled out and
may have a negative effect on results in the event of civil or criminal
sanctions, as well as damaging the Group's reputation.

CLIMATE CHANGE-RELATED RISKS

Due to its industrial activity, Groupe SEB is exposed to a certain
number of risks that are directly related to climate conditions : storms,
droughts, flooding, heat waves, etc, and as such, more widely, to
climate change.

Thus, the Group set up a risk assessment of these risks and has all the
necessary insurances to cover any financial consequences.

Combating climate change is taken into account way upstream of
internal processes and from the design of the products. The Group
focuses as well on optimizing the use of raw materials as on ensuring
energy efficiency, repairability, recyclability or transport optimization
in order to reduce its products’ carbon footprint. It thus measures

24 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 16 ---

the greenhouse gas emissions stemming from the production and
transport of its products and has set itself four ambitious goals to
be met by 2020:

™ 20% less energy consumption by electrical product (base year:
2013);

™ 20% less energy consumption by production plant (base year:
2010);

@ at least 20% recycled materials in new products;

™ 20% less greenhouse gas emissions from transporting products
(base year: 2013).

LEGAL RISKS

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COUNTERFEITING

The Group has a large portfolio of international and regional
trademarks, registered worldwide, giving it a decisive competitive
advantage. This portfolio is continually growing on the back of the
Group's recent acquisitions and the launch of new products each year,
accompanied by a large portfolio of domain names. The innovation
and creativity shown by the Group each year give rise to industrial
patent applications (127 high-priority applications in 2016), filing of
design patents (trade dress pertaining to the protection of product
look and feel) along with other intellectual property assets protected
by copyright such as a large database of cooking recipe photographs
for example.

The recognition enjoyed by Groupe SEB’s brands and the success
of its innovative products give rise to the infringement of various of
its intellectual property rights (patents, trademarks, trade dress),
cybersquatting (registration of a domain name that matches a
protected trademark), phishing. The Group's response is multi-faceted:

@ a strategy of targeted registration of trademarks, trade dress and
patents having regard to the sales outlook and high-risk countries;

@ a strategy to fight against counterfeit that is systematically applied
in the field, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and in
the Middle East (monitoring of trade fairs, investigations, customs
seizures, legal action, destruction of molds and inventories) as well
as in high-stake trading countries;

FINANCIAL AND MARKET RISKS

RISKS RELATING TO THE IMPAIRMENT
OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Groupe SEB has built its business on a powerful portfolio of brands,
some of which are treated as assets in its balance sheet. The total
value of brand assets as at 31 December 2016 was €554 million,

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

In 2016, Groupe SEB signed up to the Science Based Targets intitiative
launched in 2015 by WWF together with the Global Compact (UN),
the WRI (World Resources Institute) and the CDP (Carbon Disclosure
Project). This initiative encourages multinational groups to bring their
greenhouse gas emission reduction targets into line with the IPCC
(Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) recommendations to
limit average global warming to 2°C.

With regard to the assessment of climate-change related risks and the
steps taken by the Group to reduce them as a part of its environmental
strategy, please refer to section 3.9 “Reduction of environmental
impacts”.

@ enhanced efforts to combat piracy online (marketplaces, websites)
thanks to a global monitoring system that generates regular reports
and makes it possible to take rapid action to remove online copies
and combat trademark infringement and cybersquatting. These
efforts are to be strengthened by a social network monitoring
system designed to, for example, remove fake pages of our brands
on social media networks.

The Group continues to set aside the budgets required to protect its
key intangible assets such as trademarks, innovation and to combat
counterfeit.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES
IN TAX REGULATIONS

Groupe SEB has a commercial presence in many countries and is
subject to numerous different domestic tax laws. Adverse changes in
tax regulations in certain countries in which it has a presence cannot
be ruled out. It is in particular exposed to risks of increases in existing
taxes or of the introduction of new ones, especially those relating to
corporate income tax, customs duties, statutory deductions or the
repatriation of dividends from its various subsidiaries. These factors
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s tax liability, cash flow
or earnings.

concerning mainly All-Clad, Supor, Lagostina, Arno and Rowenta as
well as a preliminary amount for WMF.

Moreover, as Groupe SEB regularly engages in external growth
transactions, goodwill is shown in the Consolidated Financial
Statements at the end of 2016 for an amount of €1.847 billion, most
of this amount having been recognized at the time of the All-Clad

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016

1


--- Page 17 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

and Supor acquisitions as well as WMF for which the amount, at this
stage, is preliminary.

Under IFRS accounting standards, the value of brands and goodwill
must be tested annually to check that the value entered in the balance
sheet is consistent with the actual performance of the relevant brands
and subsidiaries in their own markets. Any significant drop in expected
cash flow, notably related to a brand’s commercial under-performance,
or reduced profitability of the subsidiaries concerned, could require an
adjustment in the balance sheet which may involve a partial or total
recognition of impairment of the asset's value.

Furthermore, with a view to creating value for its brands, the Group
is investing in R&D in order to nurture its offering with innovative,
ground-breaking products, as well as in advertising and marketing
with the aim of improving the visibility of its brands, boosting its sales
and strengthening its competitive positions in the field.

Supplementary information is provided in Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

LIQUIDITY AND COUNTERPARTY RISK

Groupe SEB’s business is based on a short-term cycle and requires
little heavy capital investment.

Liquidity risk management is handled centrally by the Treasury and
Financing department. It is based on a solid financing architecture
(no financing includes covenant-linked early repayment clauses)
and diversified over the short and medium-terms, with commercial
paper, syndicated loans, Schuldschein private placements and bonds.
Groupe SEB also has unused confirmed medium-term credit lines
with leading banks.

The Group considers itself to have little exposure to financial
counterparty risk as it prioritizes relationships with leading banks and
diversifies its counterparty portfolio.

Details of the maturity dates of the instruments used and the
financing sources available are provided in Notes 24, 25 and 26 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

CURRENCY RISKS

Groupe SEB sells its products in close to 150 countries. With
production rather concentrated in France and in China, its business
is, therefore, highly exposed to transaction currency risk when
products are billed to our customers in a currency that is different
from that used in production. This makes managing foreign exchange
fluctuations a competitive priority. There is also a translation effect
when converting revenues and earnings from different countries into
euros on consolidation.

The Group's currency position remains short in dollars and yuan and
long in many other currencies. To limit its risk, the Group hedges a

portion of its highly probable cash flows, as well as almost all of its
balance sheet transaction risk, by means of forward contracts and
options.

Nevertheless, for several years, the Group’s trading activity has
been strongly disrupted by volatile exchange rates. Given the
sometimes sudden fluctuations in exchange rates, the Group has
been constantly led to adapt its pricing policy: increasing sale prices
to preserve the local profitability of commercial subsidiaries where
the relevant currency depreciates against the production currency
and adjusting prices downwards to preserve market momentum and
competitiveness if exchange rates improve. The effects on the Group’s
financial performance are therefore very different from one year to
the next.

Details of exchange rate risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note 26.2.1).

INTEREST RATE RISK

The Group uses different types of financing (bank borrowing, private
placements, bonds, commercial paper, etc.) to meet its development
and investment policy requirements. It uses mostly fixed-rate loans,
in particular with long maturities, in currencies that correspond to its
needs (mainly the euro and the Brazilian real). The longest-term among
these loans, extending to 2026, has been financed at a fixed rate,
making it possible for the Group to protect itself against the likelihood
of interest-rate rises.

It should be noted that none of these loans comes with early repayment
clauses based on covenants.

Details of interest rate risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note 26.2.2).

RISKS RELATING TO SHARES

As at 31 December 2016, Groupe SEB held 622,110 treasury shares
for a total value of €56.8 million. This treasury stock is deducted from
shareholders’ equity at acquisition cost.

Based on the closing price of the SEB share as at 31 December 2016
(€128.75), the market value of treasury stock was €80.1 million (this
market value has no impact on the Group’s Consolidated Financial
Statements). A 10% increase or decrease in the share price would
therefore have led to an €8 million change in the market value of
treasury stock. This change has no impact on the consolidated income
statement or shareholders’ equity.

Further information on share risks is given in Note 26.2.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. This data also takes account
of risk on the Supor share which is quoted on the Shenzhen stock
market.

26 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016


--- Page 18 ---

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

Groupe SEB conducted a sensitivity analysis based on financials
published in 2016 to assess the impact of euro-dollar exchange rate
fluctuations on its Operating Result from Activity and the effect of
interest-rate variations on profit before tax.

The Group has had a short position for the US dollar for a number
of years. The sensitivity analysis shows that a 1% rise in the dollar
against the euro would have a negative impact of about €6 million on
the Operating Result from Activity. The Group also holds a significant
short position on the Chinese yuan. A 1% rise in the yuan against
the euro would have a negative impact of about €3 million on the
Operating Result from Activity. However, other important operating
currencies for the Group could also have a significant impact on the
Operating Result from Activity. These include the yen, the ruble, the
Brazilian real, the pound sterling, the Turkish lira, the South Korean
won, the Polish zloty, and the Mexican peso.

This sensitivity analysis does not take into account the impact of
currency exchange fluctuations on the competitiveness of the European

INSURANCE

GROUP GENERAL INSURANCE COVER

Groupe SEB’s policy concerning insurance coverage is, on the one
hand, to protect its assets against risks that could affect the Group
and, on the other, to cover its liability for any damages caused to third
parties. This transfer of risk to insurance companies is nonetheless
accompanied by risk protection and prevention measures. For
confidentiality reasons, the amount of the premiums is not disclosed.

INTEGRATED WORLDWIDE COVERAGE

The Group has established worldwide insurance plans with major
international insurers to protect itself against major risks, which include
damage to property and loss of earnings, civil liability, environment,
transport and inventory and customer risks.

DAMAGE TO ASSETS AND LOSS OF EARNINGS

Coverage for risk of property damage and consequent loss of
earnings resulting from common risks (fire, flooding, etc.) amounts to
€250 million per claim for factories and warehouses, with an additional
€150 million for certain strategic sites.

This figure was calculated using the “Maximum Foreseeable Loss”
hypothesis in consultation with the insurer and its assessors who
analyzed the impact of the total destruction of one of the Group's main
production centers. Lower thresholds are in place for other types of

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

manufacturing base, which still accounts for a large percentage of the
Group’s production: a strong euro in relation to most other currencies,
notably the US dollar, makes European manufacturing more expensive
than production in dollar zones, and thus acts as a curb on exports.
Conversely, a stronger dollar is a source of better competitiveness
for our European manufacturing base. Since the Group relies less on
sourced finished products than its competitors, it has a lower exposure
to the US dollar (which remains the standard currency for purchasing
outsourced products) than other companies.

With regard to interest rates, sensitivity analysis shows that the impact
of a change of 100 base points in short-term interest rates on profit
before tax would be €4.3 million, based on Group debt at the end
of 2016.

Notes 26.2.1, 26.2.2 and 26.2.3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
provide additional information on the Group’s sensitivity to currency
fluctuations and changes in interest rates and raw material prices.

more specific or localized risk, such as the risk of earthquake in certain
regions where the Group operates abroad.

This policy takes into consideration additional risk protection measures
at Group sites, which are regularly visited by specialist risk prevention
assessors from the insurance companies concerned.

CIVIL LIABILITY

All the Group's subsidiaries are included in a worldwide civil liability
insurance plan that covers liability relating to their operations and the
products that they manufacture or distribute, as well as the cost of
product recalls.

The amounts of coverage are based on reasonable estimates of the
risks incurred by the Group in view of its business.

The Group also covers its management for civil liability under a specific
insurance policy.

ENVIRONMENT

Amulti-risk environmental insurance policy covers environmental risks
on all Group sites.

Coverage applies to:

® accidental, historical and gradual pollution;
lm damage to biodiversity;

& pollution clean-up costs.

1

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016 @


--- Page 19 ---

Risk factors

TRANSPORT AND INVENTORY

The Group's transport insurance covers damage to transported
merchandise for all types of transport: sea, road/rail or air transport
anywhere in the world.

This insurance covers transport risks up to an amount of €10 million
per occurrence.

It also covers incidents occurring at warehouses up to a maximum
of €15 million, with any amount over this limit being covered by the
policy for damage to property and loss of earnings.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND LITIGATION

There were no exceptional events or litigation proceedings other
than those referred to in Note 29.1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

In the past 12 months, other than the proceedings reflected in the
financial statements and described in the accompanying Notes 29.1

CUSTOMER RISK

With rare exceptions relating to local issues, the Group’s subsidiaries
have taken out credit risk insurance under a Group plan to cover the
majority of their risk on customer receivables.

LOCAL INSURANCE POLICIES

More specific insurance policies are taken out locally by each of the
Group's companies, as appropriate.

and 29.2 of Chapter 5 Consolidated Financial Statements, there have
been no other government, legal or arbitration proceedings (including
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which
the Group is aware) which may have or have had in the recent past
significant effects on the Group's financial position or profitability.

28 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2016
