

--- Page 1 ---

A.1 Business and economic environment

A.1.1 The Siemens Group

A.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS

OF PRESENTATION

We are a technology company with core activities in the fields of
electrification, automation and digitalization, and activities in
nearly all countries of the world. Siemens comprises Siemens AG,
a stock corporation under the Federal laws of Germany, as the
parent company and its subsidiaries. Our Company is incorpo-
rated in Germany, with our corporate headquarters situated in
Munich. As of September 30, 2016, Siemens had around 351,000
employees.

Siemens has the following reportable segments: the Divisions
Power and Gas; Wind Power and Renewables; Energy Man-
agement; Building Technologies; Mobility; Digital Factory;
and Process Industries and Drives as well as the separately
managed business Healthineers (formerly called Healthcare),
which together form our Industrial Business. The Division Finan-
cial Services (SFS) supports the activities of our Industrial Busi-
ness and also conducts its own business with external customers.
As “global entrepreneurs” our Divisions and Healthineers carry
business responsibility worldwide, including with regard to their
operating results.

Our reportable segments may do business with each other, lead-
ing to corresponding orders and revenue. Such orders and reve-
nue are eliminated on the Group level.

A.1.1.2_ BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

The Power and Gas Division offers a broad spectrum of products
and solutions for generating electricity from fossil fuels and for
producing and transporting oil and gas. The portfolio includes
gas turbines, steam turbines, generators to be applied to gas or
steam power plants, compressor trains, integrated power plant
solutions, and instrumentation and control systems for power
generation. Customers are public utilities and independent power
producers; companies in engineering, procurement and construc-
tion that serve these companies; international and national oil
companies; and industrial customers that generate power for
their own consumption. Due to the broad range of its offerings,
the Division’s revenue mix may vary from reporting period to re-
porting period depending on the share of revenue attributable to
products, solutions and services. Because typical profitability levels
differ among these three revenue sources, the revenue mix in a
reporting period accordingly affects Division profit for that period.

The Wind Power and Renewables Division designs, manufac-
tures and installs wind turbines for onshore and offshore appli-
cations. This includes both geared turbines and direct drive tur-
bines. The product portfolio is based on four product platforms,
two each for onshore and offshore applications. The Division

Combined Management Report

primarily serves large utilities and independent power producers.
Due to the significant offshore business of the Division and its
activities in the Northern hemisphere, production and installa-
tions are typically higher during spring and summer months be-
cause of the more favorable weather and marine conditions
during those seasons. The Division’s revenue mix may vary from
reporting period to reporting period depending on the project
mix between onshore and offshore projects in the respective
period. The Division also includes a minority stake in a hydro
power business.

In June 2016, Siemens and Gamesa Corporacién Tecnoldgica, S.A.
(Gamesa) signed binding agreements to merge the Siemens wind
power business, including service, with Gamesa. The two busi-
nesses are highly complementary regarding global footprint, ex-
isting product portfolios and technologies. The combined busi-
ness is expected to have a global reach across all relevant regions
and manufacturing footprints on all continents. Accordingly, the
transaction will result in a product offering covering all wind
classes and addressing all key market segments. Siemens will own
59% of the shares of the combined entity. As part of the merger,
Siemens will fund a cash payment of €1 billion which will be dis-
tributed to Gamesa’s shareholders (excluding Siemens) immedi-
ately following the completion of the merger. Closing of the trans-
action is subject to the approvals of the antitrust and regulatory
authorities.

The Power Generation Services Division offers a comprehensive
set of services for products, solutions and technologies of the
Power and Gas and Wind Power and Renewables Divisions, cov-
ering performance enhancements, maintenance services, cus-
tomer training and professional consulting. Financial results of
these two Divisions include the corresponding financial results of
the Power Generation Services Division, which itself is not a re-
portable segment. Based on this business model, all discussions
of the services business for Power and Gas as well as Wind Power
and Renewables concern the Power Generation Services Division.

The Energy Management Division offers a wide spectrum of
products, systems, solutions, software and services for transmit-
ting and distributing power and for developing intelligent grid
infrastructure. The Division's customers include power providers,
network operators, industrial companies, infrastructure develop-
ers and construction companies. The offerings are used to pro-
cess and transmit electrical power from the source down to var-
ious load points along the power transmission and distribution
networks to the power consumers. Our solutions for smart grids
enable a bidirectional flow of energy and information, which is
required for the integration of more renewable energy sources
into conventional power transmission and distribution networks.
The Division also offers solutions and energy storage systems for
integrating renewable energy into power grids, together with


--- Page 2 ---

vertical IT software applications that link energy consumers and
producers. In addition, the Division’s portfolio includes power
supply solutions for conventional power plants and renewable
energy systems as well as substations for urban and rural distri-
bution networks. The Division also offers energy-efficient solu-
tions for heavy industry, the oil and gas industry and the process
industries.

The Building Technologies Division is a leading provider of au-
tomation technologies and digital services for safe, secure and
efficient buildings and infrastructures throughout their lifecycles.
The Division offers products, solutions, services and software for
fire safety, security, building automation, heating, ventilation,
air conditioning and energy management. The large customer
base is widely dispersed. It includes owners, operators and ten-
ants for both public and commercial buildings; building construc-
tion general contractors; and system houses. Changes in the
overall economic environment generally have a delayed effect on
the Division's business activities. Particularly in the solutions and
service businesses, Building Technologies is affected by changes
in the non-residential construction markets with a time lag of two
to four quarters.

The Mobility Division combines all Siemens businesses in the
area of passenger and freight transportation, including rail vehi-
cles, rail automation systems, rail electrification systems, road
traffic technology, IT solutions and related services. The Division
provides its customers with consulting, planning, financing, con-
struction, service and operation of turnkey mobility systems.
Mobility also provides integrated mobility solutions for network-
ing of different types of traffic systems. The principal customers
of the Mobility Division are public and state-owned companies
in the transportation and logistics sectors. Markets served by
Mobility are driven primarily by public spending. Customers usu-
ally have multi-year planning and implementation horizons, and
their contract tenders therefore tend to be independent of short-
term economic trends.

The Digital Factory Division offers a comprehensive product
portfolio and system solutions used in manufacturing industries,
complemented by lifecycle and data-driven services. These offer-
ings enable customers to optimize entire value chains from prod-
uct design and development to production and services. With its
comprehensive offering, the Division supports manufacturing
companies with the transformation towards the “Digital Enter-
prise,” resulting in increased flexibility and efficiency of produc-
tion processes and reduced time to market for new products.
The Division supplies customers in discrete, process and hybrid
manufacturing industries. Changes in the level of demand are
strongly driven by macroeconomic cycles, and can lead to signif-
icant short-term variation in market performance. In the third
quarter of fiscal 2016, Digital Factory further strengthened and

expanded its software business by acquiring CD-adapco, a U.S.-
based provider of simulation software. For more information on
the acquisition of CD-adapco, see — Note 3 in > B.6 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

The Process Industries and Drives Division offers a comprehen-
sive product, software, solution and service portfolio for moving,
measuring, controlling and optimizing all kinds of mass flows.
With its know-how in vertical industries including oil and gas,
shipbuilding, mining, cement, fiber, chemicals, food and bever-
age, and pharmaceuticals, the Division increases productivity,
reliability and flexibility of machinery and installations along
their entire life cycle jointly with its customers. Based on data
models and analysis methods, Process Industries and Drives
paves the way together with its customers to create a “Digital
Enterprise,” from process simulation via plant design and docu-
mentation through to asset and performance management. The
Division's offerings include an integrated portfolio with prod-
ucts, components and systems such as couplings, gears, motors
and converters, process instrumentation systems, process ana-
lytics devices, wired and wireless communication, industrial
identification and power supplies up to systems level with de-
centralized control systems, industrial software as well as cus-
tomized, application-specific systems and solutions. It also sells
gears, couplings and drive solutions to other Siemens Divisions,
which use them in rail transport and wind turbines. Demand
within the industries served by the Division generally shows a
delayed response to changes in the overall economic environ-
ment. Even so, the Division is strongly dependent on invest-
ment cycles in its key industries. In commodity-based process
industries such as oil and gas or mining, these cycles are driven
mainly by commodity price fluctuations rather than changes in
produced volumes.

Healthineers ("Healthcare” before renaming in May 2016) is one
of the world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare
industry and a leader in medical imaging and laboratory diagnos-
tics. We provide medical technology and software solutions as
well as clinical consulting services, supported by a complete set of
training and service offerings. Therefore, we offer our customers
a comprehensive portfolio of medical solutions along the contin-
uum of care — from prevention and early detection to diagnosis,
treatment and follow-up care. Because large portions of our rev-
enue stem from recurring business, our business activities are to
a certain extent resilient to short-term economic trends. They are,
however, dependent on regulatory and public policy develop-
ments around the world. Healthineers is organized into six busi-
ness areas: Diagnostic Imaging, Laboratory Diagnostics, Advanced
Therapies, Ultrasound, Point of Care Diagnostics and Services.

The Financial Services (SFS) Division supports its customers’
investments with leasing solutions and equipment, project and

Combined Management Report


--- Page 3 ---

structured financing in the form of debt and equity investments.
Based on its comprehensive financing know-how and specialist
technology expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, SFS pro-
vides financial solutions for Siemens customers as well as other
companies, and also manages financial risks of Siemens. SFS op-
erates the Corporate Treasury of the Siemens Group, which in-
cludes managing liquidity, cash and interest risks as well as cer-
tain foreign exchange, credit and commodities risks. Business
activities and tasks of Corporate Treasury are reported in the seg-
ment information within Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

A.1.1.3, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Our research and development (R&D) activities are ultimately
geared to developing innovative, sustainable solutions for our
customers — and the Siemens businesses — and simultaneously
safeguarding our competitiveness. For these reasons, we focus
in particular on

> enabling energy supplies that are economically sustainable;

> further enhancing efficiency in the generation of renewable
and conventional power and minimizing losses during power
transmission;

> finding novel solutions for smart grids and for the storage of
energy from renewable sources with irregular availability;

> promoting the efficient utilization of energy, especially in
buildings, industry and transportation, e.g. through highly
efficient drives for production facilities or for local and long-
distance trains;

> creating the highly flexible, connected factories of tomorrow
using advanced automation and digitalization technologies;

> turning unstructured data into value-adding information, e.g.
when providing services such as preventive maintenance;

> advancing the integration of medical imaging technology, in
vitro diagnostics and IT for medical engineering to support
improved patient outcomes.

Beyond these points of focus, we recognize how important
highly sophisticated software solutions are for all the fields of
business in which Siemens is active. R&D activities are carried
out by our businesses as well as our Corporate Technology (CT)
department.

Corporate Technology is both a creative driver of disruptive inno-
vations and a partner to the Siemens businesses. Its R&D activi-
ties are focused on the Company's core activities in the fields of
electrification, automation and digitalization. In many research
projects, CT works closely with scholars from leading universities
and research institutions. These partnerships, along with close
collaborations with start-ups, are an important part of Siemens’
open innovation concept, which is designed to make the Com-
pany even more innovative.

Combined Management Report

In fiscal 2016, Siemens announced the creation of an autono-
mous unit that will place the Company’s partnership with start-
ups on a much higher level: next47. The unit went into operation
in October 2016. It has been given a budget of €1 billion for its
first five years. With the creation of next47, Siemens plans to
further enhance its innovativeness and speed up the introduction
of innovations to the marketplace. next47 is focusing on five in-
novation fields: artificial intelligence, distributed electrification,
autonomous machines, blockchain applications and connected
electric mobility. Electrically powered flight is an example of a
disruptive development being pursued by next47. In cooperation
with Airbus, Siemens intends to demonstrate by 2020 that elec-
tricity can be used to power large planes.

In fiscal 2016, we reported research and development expenses
of €4,7 billion, compared to €4.5 billion in fiscal 2015. The result-
ing R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D expenses and
revenue, was 5.9% — the same level as in fiscal 2015. Additions to
capitalized development expenses amounted to €0.3 billion in
both fiscal 2016 and 2015, mainly at Healthineers. As of Septem-
ber 30, 2016, Siemens held approximately 59,800 granted patents
worldwide in its continuing operations. As of September 30,
2015, it held approximately 56,200 granted patents. On average,
we had 33,000 R&D employees in fiscal 2016.

Research and Development in our Businesses

R&D at the Power and Gas Division concentrates on developing
products and solutions for enhancing efficiency, flexibility and
economy in power generation and in the oil and gas industry.
These products and solutions include turbomachinery — primarily
high-performance, low-emission gas turbines for single operation
or for combined cycle power plants — and compressor solutions
for various process industries. The Division’s current technology
initiative, which started in fiscal 2015, is aimed at intensifying
R&D in innovative materials, advanced manufacturing methods
and plant optimization. Along with promoting digitalization in
overall product lifecycles, Power and Gas is on track preparing for
changing energy markets and their increasingly diversified cen-
tralized and decentralized structures.

At the Wind Power and Renewables Division, our R&D efforts
are focused on innovative products and solutions that allow us to
take the lead in performance, improve our competitiveness, and
build a stronger business case for customers. This includes find-
ing ways to more intelligently monitor and analyze turbine con-
ditions, and smart diagnostic services. Our R&D efforts also fo-
cus on digitalization. At our remote diagnostics center in Brande,
Denmark, we collect digital data from more than 10,000 turbines
in more than 30 countries, which total more than 24 million data
sets annually. We use this data to provide value for our custom-
ers: in 85% of cases, issues can be corrected and turbines re-
started without sending out a service team.


--- Page 4 ---

The R&D activities of our Energy Management Division focus
on preparing our portfolio for changes on all voltage levels in the
world of electricity. The increasing infeed of renewable energy
to power grids requires that those grids become more flexible
and efficient, particularly with distributed generation on the rise.
The digitalization of future grids will enable intelligent grid oper-
ation and data-driven services. Cost-out programs and optimiza-
tion of our footprint are improving the competitiveness of our
product portfolio on global markets. Our innovations are cen-
tered on power electronics, digitalization or grid stabilization.
The full integration of energy supply systems with process auto-
mation is a core portfolio element for industrial applications and
infrastructures.

R&D work at the Building Technologies Division focuses on op-
timizing comfort, operational and energy efficiency in buildings
and infrastructures, protecting against fire and security hazards,
and minimizing related risks. We aim to create a portfolio of prod-
ucts and services ranging from the field to the cloud, based on
open standards wherever possible. This includes data-based ser-
vices for new ways of optimizing energy consumption, easily
scalable and reasonably priced services, a new and harmonized
system landscape with effective integration of electrical con-
sumption, fire detection and HVAC (heating, ventilation, air con-
ditioning) systems, and a complete range of products tailored
specifically to growing markets.

The Mobility Division’s R&D strategy addresses customers’
demand for maximum availability, high throughput and en-
hanced passenger experience. Although there is a growing need
for mobility worldwide, possibilities for building new roads and
railways are limited. Meeting the demand for mobility requires
intelligent solutions that make transport more efficient, safe and
environmentally friendly. Reflecting this, Mobility’s R&D activi-
ties emphasize digitalization in developing state-of-the art rail
vehicles, automation solutions for rail and road traffic, and rail
electrification systems. Most of these goals can be achieved only
with intelligent IT solutions such as WLAN-based control systems
for driverless and conductorless metro train operation, decentral-
ized wayside architecture for rail automation, cloud-based prod-
uct solutions, and Integrated Mobility Platforms that intelli-
gently network passengers, mobility service providers and traffic
management centers.

One of the R&D priorities at the Digital! Factory Division is the
Digital Enterprise Software Suite. It includes Teamcenter software.
Serving as a data backbone, Teamcenter digitizes the entire prod-
uct lifecycle management (PLM) process — from product design
through planning and engineering to production and service. In
addition, the TIA (Totally Integrated Automation) Portal engi-
neering platform is being intensively improved. Thanks to its
open interfaces, it exchanges data with other systems. The seam-

less link to simulation tools enhances the benefits of virtual com-
missioning, which is used to identify flaws at an early stage and
in a cost-effective manner. Data-based services are another field
of research. Siemens offers MindSphere, an industry cloud that
industrial companies can use to develop and provide their own
digital services. As a result, new types of services such as predic-
tive maintenance and resource optimization can be provided.
Machinery and plant builders can use it to monitor production
operations around the world. MindSphere helps them reduce
downtimes and offer new business models.

The focus of R&D activities in the Process Industries and Drives
Division is on the digital transformation of products, solutions
and services for all sectors in the process industry, such as oil and
gas, chemicals and pharmaceuticals. Information and communi-
cation technologies (ICT) play a crucial role in areas such as im-
provements in instrumentation, analytics, industrial communi-
cation and process control systems. The end-to-end use of ICT is
as essential a prerequisite for the expansion of drive and trans-
mission platforms by means of integrated condition monitoring
and service cloud connections as it is for the commissioning and
operation of processing plants or the use of computer-assisted
simulations to support their operators. The same applies for new
service offerings that complement operational engineering data
with additional condition-related data (condition monitoring)
and use it for purposes such as asset management. The digitali-
zation of our comprehensive process automation and industrial
communication portfolio includes a holistic industrial security
concept. Another central objective of our R&D activities is to fur-
ther increase energy efficiency while reducing the consump-
tion of raw materials and cutting emissions. This applies to our
own product creation processes as well as to our customers’ pro-
cesses that are facilitated by our products (systems, solutions
and services).

The R&D activities of Healthineers are directed toward our
growth fields in therapy, molecular diagnostics, and services. We
want to tap the full potential of imaging solutions in therapy and
to establish a closer connection between diagnostics and therapy
in cardiology, interventional clinical disciplines, surgery, and ra-
diation oncology. Strategic partnerships are an essential part of
our strategy to reach this goal. Expanding our innovation map
beyond our established portfolio, and investing in new ideas will
help us tap new business fields. For example, we will extend our
activities in the highly dynamic growth field of molecular diag-
nostics. We will expand our services business beyond product-
related services by adding a digital services portfolio and increas-
ing enterprise transformation services to help customers in their
transition to value-based care within more and more provider
organizations across geographical borders.

Combined Management Report

5


--- Page 5 ---

A.1.2 Economic environment

A.1.2.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The development of the world economy in fiscal 2016 again
resulted in diminished expectations through the course of the
year. After a slight improvement in sentiment indicators in the
first quarter, economic activity unexpectedly slowed down in
the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016. The growth slow-
down was also evident in the development of international
trade volume.

As in recent years, sluggish aggregate demand, particularly for
investment goods, held back growth. This was influenced signifi-
cantly by high levels of political and economic uncertainty arising
from conflicts in Syria and Iraq, the failed coup in Turkey and
U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union, among other factors.

The growth slowdown was especially evident in the U.S. econ-
omy in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2016, followed by
modest acceleration of economic activity in the fourth quarter.
The main reason for this development was an inventory reduc-
tion which was substantially resolved by the end of the fiscal
year. In addition, the strong US$ weighed on U.S. exports and
improved conditions for imports.

The Chinese economy continued its path of rebalancing toward
a more consumption- and domestic-demand-driven economy,
which has so far been accompanied by a steady decline in eco-
nomic growth rates. However, the stability of China’s economy
was partly caused by stimulus measures which have slowed the
country’s progress on this path.

In Europe, economic activity also decelerated considerably in the
second and third quarters of fiscal 2016. Risks in the European
banking system resurfaced. The largely unexpected Brexit vote in
June 2016 added uncertainty — though the consequences in the
following months did not match the initial concerns.

While raw material prices increased following a slump in the sec-
ond quarter of fiscal 2016, commodity exporting countries still
were burdened with overcapacities due to former investment
overhangs in extractive sectors. Associated reductions in govern-
ment spending further weighed on economic activity.

All in all, the negative effects outweighed the positive ones.
During the course of the fiscal year, growth forecasts for global
gross domestic product (GDP) for calendar 2016 declined from
2.9% in October 2015 to 2.4% in October 2016. Fixed investments
are expected to expand by 1.7% in calendar 2016, down from
3.4% previously forecast in October 2015.

Combined Management Report

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP and fixed
investments are calculated by Siemens based on an IHS Markit
report dated October 15, 2016.

A.1,2.2. MARKET DEVELOPMENT

The markets of the Power and Gas Division remained challeng-
ing in fiscal 2016. This was again particularly evident in the mar-
ket for steam turbines, where volume shrank substantially year-
over-year due to an ongoing shift from coal-fired to gas-fired
power generation in the U.S. and emission regulation such as in
China. Demand in compression markets also fell year-over-year
due to continued reduction in capital expenditure for oil and gas
upstream applications. In contrast, demand in the gas turbine
market continued to grow in fiscal 2016, driven by rising demand
for energy in emerging countries, demand for replacement of
aged, inefficient and inflexible power plants; the above-men-
tioned shift from coal to gas, particularly in the U.S.; an energy
market reform in Mexico; large projects in Egypt; diversification
towards gas power plants in China and countries in Latin America
and the Middle East. The Division's competition consists mainly
of two groups: a relatively small number of equipment manufac-
turers, some with very strong positions in their domestic markets,
and on the other hand a large number of engineering, procure-
ment and construction contractors. The gas turbine market is
experiencing overcapacity among original equipment manufac-
turers and engineering, procurement and construction contrac-
tors, which is leading to market consolidation.

Following strong demand in fiscal 2015, market volume for the
markets served by the Wind Power and Renewables Division
declined moderately in fiscal 2016. The decline was due to the
onshore wind power market segment, only partly offset by
growth in the relatively smaller offshore wind power market seg-
ment. On a regional basis, the decline was most evident in the
Americas, particularly including Brazil and the U.S., and in Asia,
Australia, particularly including China, where the largest national
wind market in the world remains largely closed to foreign man-
ufacturers. In Europe, in contrast, demand for wind power grew
in both the onshore and the offshore market segments. The com-
petitive situation in wind power differs in the two major market
segments. In the markets for onshore wind farms, competition is
widely dispersed without any one company holding a dominant
share of the market, while markets for offshore wind farms con-
tinue to consist of a few experienced players. Consolidation is
moving forward in both on- and offshore segments, including
exits of smaller players. The key drivers of consolidation are in-
creasing price pressure as well as technology challenges and
market access challenges, which increase development costs and
the importance of risk-sharing in offshore wind power. Market
development continues to depend strongly on energy policy, in-
cluding tax incentives in the U.S. and regulatory frameworks in
Germany and the U.K. With continued technological progress


--- Page 6 ---

and cost reduction, dependency on subsidy schemes is expected
to decrease in the long term.

Markets addressed by the Energy Management Division grew
moderately in fiscal 2016. The utilities market, the Division’s single
largest customer segment, showed clear growth, benefiting from
major energy transmission investments in Egypt and Qatar and
from large interconnection projects, particularly in China and
India. The chemicals and the construction industries grew slightly.
Growth in the chemicals industry was driven by the Americas,
where some process industries showed a trend towards re-indus-
trialization in the U.S. and a build-up of capacities within the
region overall. Within the construction industry, increased invest-
ments in North America were largely offset by a slow-down in
investing activities in Asia, particularly in China. Demand from
the metals industry remained on the prior-year level, while the
oil and gas industry continued to reduce capital expenditures due
to low oil prices. Competitors of the Energy Management Division
consist mainly of a small number of large multinational compa-
nies. International competition is increasing from manufacturers
in emerging countries such as China, India and Korea.

Markets for the Building Technologies Division grew moderately
in fiscal 2016. Growth was driven by solid demand from the U.S.
and Asia, despite softening growth rates in China. Within the
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, markets in the Middle
East grew stronger than the region overall. The recovery of the
European market was weaker than expected but included sta-
ble growth in Germany. The Division's principal competitors are
multinational companies. Its solutions and services business also
competes with system integrators and small local companies.
The Division faces continuing price pressure, particularly in its
solutions business, due to strong competition from system houses
and some larger competitors.

Markets for the Mobility Division grew moderately in fiscal 2016,
with all regions contributing to growth. Market development in
the Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East region was characterized by
continuous investment and awards of large orders. This was par-
ticularly evident in Germany and the U.K. Demand in the Middle
East and in Africa was mainly driven by turnkey and rail infrastruc-
ture projects. In the Americas region, growth continued to bene-
fit from demand for passenger locomotives and urban transport
products in the U.S. Within the Asia, Australia region, Chinese
markets saw ongoing investments in high-speed trains, urban
transport and rail infrastructure, while India awarded large orders
as part of the country’s transportation infrastructure build-out.
The Division's principal competitors are multinational companies.
Consolidation among Mobility’s competitors is continuing.

In fiscal 2016, market volume for the markets addressed by the
Digital Factory Division came in slightly below the level in fiscal

2015. Global manufacturing production grew only modestly
but showed some signs of growth stabilization towards the end
of the fiscal year. Consumer-oriented industries and the global
automotive industry, which is one of the most important end-
customer industries of the Division, remained on a stable growth
path. In contrast, mining- and oil-related industries continued to
suffer from low raw material prices. Demand from the machine-
building industry declined modestly year-over-year as invest-
ments were held back due mainly to uncertainties in the global
political and economic environment. The competition for Digital
Factory's business activities can be grouped into two categories:
multinational companies that offer a relatively broad portfolio
and companies that are active only in certain geographic or prod-
uct markets.

Market volume for the markets addressed by the Process Indus-
tries and Drives Division declined moderately in fiscal 2016. This
was due mainly to reductions in capital expenditures by custom-
ers in commodity-related industries such as oil and gas, mining,
cement and metals. Towards the end of the fiscal year, demand
from those industries began to stabilize. As described for Digital
Factory above, global manufacturing production grew only mod-
estly while the consumer-oriented industries served by Process
Industries and Drives, such as food and beverage and pharma-
ceuticals continued their growth path. Competitors of the Divi-
sion’s business activities can be grouped into two categories:
multinational companies that offer a relatively broad portfolio
and companies that are active only in certain geographic or prod-
uct markets. Consolidation is taking place mostly in particular
market segments and not across the broad base of the Division’s
portfolio. In particular, consolidation in solution-driven markets
is going in the direction of in-depth niche market expertise. Most
major competitors have established global bases for their busi-
nesses. In addition, the competition has become increasingly
focused on technological improvements and cost position.

Markets served by Healthineers grew moderately in fiscal 2016
as growth in the U.S. and in Europe more than offset weakness
in Latin America. Growth in China was stabilizing, though growth
rates came in lower than at the beginning of the decade. The
diagnostic imaging market segment grew slightly. While demand
for imaging procedures continued to grow, this trend was partly
offset by price pressure and increased utilization rates. The mar-
kets for ultrasound and in-vitro diagnostics grew moderately.
Development in the ultrasound market segment benefits from
increasing access to healthcare services. The market for in-vitro
diagnostics is expanding due to population and income growth
in emerging markets and the rising importance of diagnostics
in improving healthcare quality. For the healthcare industry as
a whole, the trend towards consolidation continues. Competi-
tion among the leading companies is strong, including with re-
spect to price.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 7 ---

8

A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

Within One Siemens, we have established a financial framework —
for revenue growth, for profitability and capital efficiency, for our
capital structure, and for our dividend policy.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to grow our reve-
nue faster than the average weighted revenue growth of our most
relevant competitors. Our primary measure for managing and
controlling our revenue growth is comparable growth, because it
shows the development in our business net of currency transla-
tion effects, which arise from the external environment outside
of our control, and portfolio effects, which involve business activ-
ities which are either new to or no longer a part of our business.

Currency translation effects are the difference between revenue
for the current period calculated using the exchange rates of
the current period and revenue for the current period calculated
using the exchange rates of the comparison period. For calculat-
ing the percentage change year-over-year, this absolute differ-
ence is divided by revenue for the comparison period. A portfolio
effect arises in the case of an acquisition or a disposition and is
calculated as the change year-over-year in revenue of the relevant
business resulting specifically from the acquisition or disposition.
For calculating the percentage change, this absolute change is
divided by revenue for the comparison period. For orders, we
apply the same calculations for currency translation and portfolio
effects as described above.

Combined Management Report

A.2.3 Profitability and capital
efficiency

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to achieve margins
through the entire business cycle that are comparable to those of
our relevant competitors. Therefore, we have defined profit mar-
gin ranges for our industrial businesses, which are based on the
profit margins of the respective relevant competitors.

a
Profit margin ranges

Margin range

Power and Gas 11-15%
Wind Power and Renewables 5- 8%
Energy Management 7- 10%
Building Technologies 8-11%
Mobility 6-9%
Digital Factory 14 - 20%
Process Industries and Drives 8- 12%
Healthineers 15-19%
SFS (ROE after tax) 15 — 20%

In line with common practice in the financial services business,
our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at the
Financial Services Division (SFS) is return on equity after tax, or
ROE after tax. ROE is defined as SFS' profit after tax, divided by
the Division's average allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This
measure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS)
from net income, which we use in communication to the capital
markets.

To emphasize and evaluate our continuous efforts to improve
productivity, we incorporated a measure called total cost produc-
tivity into our One Siemens framework. We define this measure
as the ratio of cost savings from defined productivity improve-
ment measures to the aggregate of functional costs for the
Siemens Group. We aim to achieve an annual value of 3% to 5%
for total cost productivity.

Within the framework of One Siemens, we seek to work as prof-
itably and efficiently as possible with the capital provided by our
shareholders and lenders. For purposes of managing and con-
trolling our capital efficiency, we use return on capital employed,
or ROCE, as our primary measure. We aim to achieve a range of
15% to 20%.


--- Page 8 ---

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consideration within
the framework of One Siemens is to maintain ready access to the
capital markets through various debt products and preserve our
ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time. Our
primary measure for managing and controlling our capital struc-
ture is the ratio of industrial net debt to EBITDA. This financial
measure indicates the approximate amount of time in years that
would be needed to cover industrial net debt through income
from continuing operations, without taking into account inter-
est, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We aim to achieve a
ratio of up to 1.0.

A.2.5 Dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to our share-
holders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose dis-
tribution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to
60% of net income, which we may adjust for this purpose to ex-
clude selected exceptional non-cash effects. As in the past, we
intend to fund the dividend payout from Free cash flow.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the follow-
ing proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for fiscal 2016: to distribute a dividend of €3.60 on
each share of no par value entitled to the dividend for fiscal year
2016 existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,
with the remaining amount to be carried forward. Payment of the
proposed dividend is contingent upon approval by Siemens
shareholders at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on February 1,
2017. The prior-year dividend was €3.50 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.60 per share for fiscal 2016 rep-
resents a total payout of €2.9 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on net income of €5.6 billion for
fiscal 2016, the dividend payout percentage is 52%.

A.2.6 Calculation of return
on capital employed

———————— ~~ EE
Calculation of ROCE

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2016 2015
Net income 5,584 7,380
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net! (544) (662)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 784 746
Plus: Net interest expenses from

post-employment benefits 282 263
Less: Interest adjustments

(discontinued operations) - -
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments

(tax rate (flat) 30%) (156) 104)
(1) Income before interest after tax 5,949 7,623
(Il) Average capital employed 41,573 36,367
(1/1) ROCE 14.3% 21.0%

1 Item Other interest expenses/income, net primarily consists of interest relating to corporate
debt, and related hedging activities, as well as interest income on corporate assets,

Average capital employed is determined using the average of the
respective balances as of the quarterly reporting dates in the
period under review.

a
Calculation of capital employed

Total equity

Plus: Long-term debt

Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets

Plus: Post-employment benefits
FS Debt
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment

Less:

Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and
liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

Less: Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated
actuarial gains/losses on post-employment benefits

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)

Combined Management Report

9


--- Page 9 ---

10

A.3 Results of operations

A.3.1 Orders and revenue by region

Negative currency translation effects took one percentage point
each from order and revenue development; portfolio effects
added one percentage point to order development and two per-
centage points to revenue growth. The resulting ratio of orders
to revenue (book-to-bill) for Siemens in fiscal 2016 was 1.09,
again well above 1. The order backlog (defined as the sum of
order backlogs of the industrial businesses) was €113 billion as of
September 30, 2016.

—————__~Er EE
Orders (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change

(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East 46,185

therein: Germany 10,525
Americas 24,794

therein: U.S. 18,162
Asia, Australia 15,501

therein: China 6,850
Siemens 86,480

therein: emerging

markets' 30,512 29,730 3%

1. As defined by the International Monetary Fund.

Despite further softening in the macroeconomic environment
in fiscal 2016, reported orders related to external customers in-
creased moderately year-over-year. Within the regions, order de-
velopment depended strongly on the timing and location of large
contract wins in the Divisions that typically take in such orders.
In the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, orders in-
creased clearly, as substantial growth in Wind Power and Renew-
ables and in Power and Gas more than offset a substantial decline
in Mobility. All three results were due to changes in the volume
from large orders. Orders came in significantly lower in Germany,
due to lower levels of large orders in Wind Power and Renewables
and in Mobility compared to fiscal 2015. Orders in the Americas
region were flat year-over-year, as growth primarily in Power and
Gas, in Building Technologies and in Healthineers offset double-
digit declines in Wind Power and Renewables and in Energy Man-
agement, both due to a lower volume of large orders. U.S. orders
increased moderately, supported by portfolio and currency trans-
lation effects, and mainly followed the pattern for the region,
with the exception that Energy Management came in near the
prior-year level. Orders went up in the Asia, Australia region due
mainly to a higher volume from large orders in Energy Manage-
ment and a clear increase in Healthineers, only partially offset by
declines primarily in Power and Gas and in Wind Power and Re-
newables. China increased orders moderately, in particular with
double-digit growth in Power and Gas, in Energy Management

Combined Management Report

and in Healthineers. These increases were partly offset by de-
creases in Mobility, in Wind Power and Renewables and in Process
Industries and Drives.

——————— EEE
Revenue (location of customer)

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East 41,819 89

therein: Germany 10,739 (4)9 ,
Americas 22,707 5 1%

therein: U.S. 16,769 10° 3%
Asia, Australia 15,118

therein: China 6,439 (7)9 (6)%
Siemens 79,644 % 4%

therein: emerging

markets" 27,268 25,239 8° 2%

1. As defined by the International Monetary Fund.

Reported revenue related to external customers went up moder-
ately year-over-year and increased in most industrial businesses.
Key growth drivers in Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East in-
cluded Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables and Mobility
due to strong conversion from their respective order backlogs.
These increases were partly offset by declines in Energy Manage-
ment and in Process Industries and Drives. In Germany, revenues
decreased moderately, primarily due to Wind Power and Renew-
ables. In the Americas, revenue came in higher year-over-year,
driven primarily by increases in Power and Gas, in Healthineers
and in Mobility. Wind Power and Renewables reported a substan-
tial decline. The pattern in the U. S. was nearly the same as for
the region. Revenue in Asia, Australia came in near the prior-
year level, as declines in Mobility and Process Industries and
Drives offset growth in all other industrial businesses. In China,
only Power and Gas, Healthineers and Building Technologies were
able to increase revenue for the fiscal year.

A.3.2 Segment information analysis

A.3.2.1 POWER AND GAS

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 19,454 15,742 16
Revenue 16,471 13,418 12
Profit 1,872 1,415

Profit margin 11.4%



--- Page 10 ---

Revenue and orders benefited from portfolio effects. Dresser-
Rand and the Rolls-Royce Energy aero-derivative gas turbine and
compressor business, which were both acquired in fiscal 2015,
contributed nine and 12 percentage points to fiscal 2016 order
and revenue growth, respectively. Orders increased year-over-
year, due mainly to a higher volume from large orders in the
solutions business, including in particular large orders for power
plants, including service, from Egypt totaling €4.7 billion. The
regional picture was mixed; order intake increased substantially
in the reporting regions Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and
the Americas and declined clearly in Asia, Australia. Revenue was
also up, due mainly to growth in the solutions and large gas tur-
bine businesses. On a regional basis, strong order execution led
to substantial revenue growth in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle
East, particularly including in Egypt. Revenue also increased in
the other two reporting regions. Profit was substantially higher
year-over-year and included a continuing strong contribution
from the service business. In fiscal 2016, profit benefited from
positive effects totaling €118 million from the measurement of
inventories. Both years included positive and negative effects
related to large projects. In total, the effect in fiscal 2016 was
positive, including €130 million from revised estimates related to
resumption of long-term construction and service contracts in
Iran following the ending or easing of EU and U.S. sanctions. In
contrast, it was negative in fiscal 2015, including charges of
€106 million related to a project which incurred higher costs for
materials and from customer delays. Costs for the integration of
Dresser-Rand were €59 million in fiscal 2016 compared to
€19 million in fiscal 2015. Finally, severance charges were sharply
lower in fiscal 2016, at €69 million compared to €192 million in
fiscal 2015. The Division continues to face challenges in an ag-
gressively competitive market for large gas turbines arising from
overcapacities across the industry, which results in increased
price pressure.

A.3.2.2 WIND POWER AND RENEWABLES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 7,973 3
Revenue 5,976
Profit 464
Profit margin 7.8% 2.8

Order intake reached a new high for a fiscal year, due mainly to
a higher volume from large orders, particularly in the offshore
business, which for Siemens means primarily in Europe. As a
result, orders more than doubled in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa,
Middle East reporting region and included, among others, a

number of orders for large offshore wind-farms in the U.K., in-
cluding service. Order intake in the Americas and Asia, Australia
showed a double-digit decline year-over-year. Revenue was up
clearly due to strong conversion from the backlog, which resulted
in increases in all of the Division's businesses. On a regional basis,
substantial increases in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and
Asia, Australia more than offset a substantial decline in the Amer-
icas. Strong profitability in fiscal 2016 included a more favorable
revenue mix including a higher share from the offshore and ser-
vice businesses, lower production and installation costs, and pos-
itive effects from project execution and completion. In fiscal 2015,
profit was held back by expenses from ramping up commercial-
scale production of certain turbine offerings.

A.3.2.3 ENERGY MANAGEMENT

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 12,963 6 0
Revenue 11,940 11,922 0
Profit 895 570 57
Profit margin 7.5% 4.8

Order intake was flat year-over-year, burdened by negative cur-
rency translation effects, as a decline in the solutions business
was offset by growth in the Division's other businesses. On a re-
gional basis, a substantial increase in Asia, Australia and slight
growth in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East were offset by a sig-
nificant decline in the Americas. Revenue was also burdened by
negative currency translation effects. A decline in the medium
voltage and system business was offset by growth in the Divi-
sion’s other businesses, in particular in the solutions, high volt-
age products and transformer businesses. On a regional basis,
moderate growth in the Americas was offset by a moderate de-
cline in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East, while revenue in Asia,
Australia was flat year-over-year. Stronger profitability in a major-
ity of the Division’s businesses compared to the prior-year in-
cluded significant improvements in the high voltage products
business and in the solutions business due to stringent project
execution. The prior year included a higher proportion of projects
with low margins. Severance charges were €71 million and
€88 million in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.

Combined Management Report

u


--- Page 11 ---

A.3.2.4 BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES

A.3.2.6 DIGITAL FACTORY

Fiscal year % Change Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2016 2015 Actual Comp. (in millions of € 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 6,435 6,099 Orders 10,332 3 3
Revenue 6,156 Revenue 10,172 2 2
Profit 577 Profit 1,690 0

Profit margin 9.4% Profit margin 16.6%

Orders and revenue in Building Technologies increased in both
the solutions and service business and the product and systems
business. On a geographic basis, orders were up in all regions,
while revenue rose in the Americas and Asia, Australia but de-
clined slightly in the Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East region.
Growth was particularly strong in the U.S., for both orders and
revenue. Profit improvement was due to an increase in the Divi-
sion’s product business, only partly offset by a modest decline in
profit in the solutions and service business. Profit in both periods
included severance charges, which were €16 million in fiscal
2016, down from €24 million in fiscal 2015.

A.3.2.5 MOBILITY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of © 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 7,875 23)

Revenue 7,825 4

Profit 678

Profit margin 8.7%

Orders in Mobility declined due mainly to a sharply lower volume
from large orders year-over-year. The largest contract wins in fis-
cal 2016 included an order for light rail vehicles in the U.S., a
commuter rail contract in Germany and a rail automation order in
Algeria, totaling €1.2 billion. Large orders in fiscal 2015 included
an order worth €1.7 billion for regional trains and maintenance
in Germany and a €1.6 billion long-term order for maintenance
in Russia. Revenue grew in all businesses except for the rail infra-
structure business where revenue was down moderately year-
over-year. The strongest contribution to revenue growth came
from execution of large rolling stock projects. On a geographic
basis, strong revenue increases in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle
East and the Americas more than offset a decline in Asia, Austra-
lia, which reported a sharp drop in China. Profit development
benefited from positive effects related to solid project execution
on large contracts, and from a sharp reduction in severance
charges which fell to €16 million from €68 million a year earlier.

Combined Management Report

Despite challenging market conditions, Digital Factory increased
orders, revenue and profit year-over-year. The driving force for all
three was the Division’s PLM software business, which achieved
double-digit growth in orders and revenue, supported by the ac-
quisition of CD-adapco which closed in the third quarter of fiscal
2016. The Division’s high-margin factory automation business
contributed to order and revenue growth to a significantly lesser
extent, while volume in the motion control business declined
slightly year-over-year. On a regional basis, orders and revenue
increased in all regions, with the strongest growth coming from
the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region. Profit came in
slightly above the prior-year level as a double-digit increase in the
PLM business and a slight increase in the factory automation
business were largely offset by declines in other businesses. Prof-
itability in fiscal 2016 was held back by deferred revenue adjust-
ments and transaction and integration costs related to the acqui-
sition of CD-adapco, totaling €43 million. In addition, Division
profit included severance charges in both periods, €49 million in
fiscal 2016 compared to €53 million in fiscal 2015.

A.3.2.7 PROCESS INDUSTRIES AND DRIVES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 8,939 9,144 (1)%
Revenue 9,038 (4%
Profit 243 (58

Profit margin 2.7% 6.1

The global weakness in oil and gas and other commodity-related
markets continued to impact Process Industries and Drives. This
was particularly evident in the Division's oil &gas and marine busi-
ness, where orders fell by a quarter compared to fiscal 2015, and
in its large drives business, which saw a moderate decline in or-
ders. These decreases were only partly offset by order growth in
the Division’s wind power components business. Revenue shows
a similar development, as both the oil &gas and marine and the
large drives businesses saw considerable declines in revenue only


--- Page 12 ---

partly offset by growth from the wind power components busi-
ness. On a regional basis, orders were down in Asia, Australia,
particularly in China, and in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East,
while they increased in the Americas, due mainly to strong de-
mand for the Division's offerings for the wind power industry.
Revenue was down in all three reporting regions. Underutiliza-
tion and a shift in demand particularly in the large drives and the
oil &gas and marine businesses heavily impacted the Division's
profit in fiscal 2016. To reduce the size of its manufacturing ca-
pacity and align its global footprint to changed market demand,
the Division took €254 million in severance charges. For compar-
ison, profit in the prior fiscal year was burdened by a warranty
charge of €96 million and severance charges of €74 million.

A.3.2.8 HEALTHINEERS

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2016 2015 Actual Comp.
Orders 13,830 4% 4%
Revenue 13,535 5%
Profit 2,325
Profit margin 17.2%

All businesses posted order increases and nearly all recorded rev-
enue growth, led by the diagnostic imaging business. Orders
grew in the Asia, Australia region, most notably in China, and in
the Americas region, due to the U.S. All regions contributed to
revenue growth, particularly the Americas region, due to the U.S,
and the Asia, Australia region. Profit growth was driven by the
diagnostic imaging business, which continued to account for the
largest share of Healthineers profit overall. Profit was burdened
by severance charges in both periods, totaling €61 million in fis-
cal 2016 and €62 million in fiscal 2015. Profit development in
fiscal 2016 benefited from currency tailwinds. For comparison,
fiscal 2015 included a €64 million gain from divestment of the
microbiology business.

A.3.2.9 FINANCIAL SERVICES

Fiscal year
(in millions of © 2016 2015
Income before income taxes 653 600
ROE (after taxes) 21.6% 20.9%
(in millions of © 2016
Total assets 26,446

Financial Services (SFS) recorded stable results in the debt busi-
ness. Results from the equity investments business came in above
the high level of fiscal 2015, due primarily to a positive effect of
€92 million resulting from an at-equity investment. Fiscal 2015
included a net gain in connection with the sale of renewable
energy projects. Despite substantial early terminations of financ-
ings, total assets have increased since the end of fiscal 2015.

A.3.2.10 RECONCILIATION TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Profit
Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2016 2015
Centrally managed portfolio activities (215)
Siemens Real Estate 132
Corporate items (449)
Centrally carried pension expense (439)
Amortization of intangible assets
acquired in business combinations (674)
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items (349)
Reconciliation to Consolidated

Statements (1,994) (1,119)

Centrally managed portfolio activities (CMPA) included pri-
marily a loss from at-equity investments (including impairments)
after a positive result in the prior year. In particular, fiscal 2015
included a gain of €1.4 billion on the disposal of Siemens’ stake
in BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgerdte GmbH (BSH). This was
partly offset by an equity investment loss of €275 million related
to Unify Holdings B.V. (Unify), an impairment of €138 million re-
lated to Siemens’ stake in Primetals Technologies Ltd. and losses
from other businesses.

Income from Siemens Real Estate continues to be highly depen-
dent on the disposals of real estate. In fiscal 2016, the profit of
disposals of real estate were lower than in the prior year.

Corporate items were influenced by a number of items, includ-
ing €43 million in severance charges for corporate reorganization
of support functions compared to €198 million in such charges in
fiscal 2015.

Expenses in Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other rec-
onciling items were lower despite an increase in interest ex-
penses mainly associated with US$7.75 billion in bonds issued
end of May 2015. For comparison, fiscal 2015 was burdened even
more by negative effects from changes in the fair value of inter-
est rate derivatives related to interest rate management at Cor-
porate Treasury.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 13 ---

14

A.3.3 Income

Fiscal year
(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2016 2015 % Change
Power and Gas 1,872 1,415
Wind Power and Renewables 464 160
Energy Management 895 570
Building Technologies 577 553 5%
Mobility 678 588 15%
Digital Factory 1,690 1,685 0%
Process Industries and Drives 243 581
Healthineers 2,325 2,184
Industrial Business 8,744 7,737 13%
Profit margin Industrial Business 10.8% 10.1%
Financial Services (SFS) 653 600 9%
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (1,994) (1,119) (78)%
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,404 7,218 3%
Income tax expenses (2,008) (1,869) (7)9
Income from continuing operations 5,396 5,349
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 188 2,031
Net income 5,584 7,380
Basic earnings per share 6.74 8.84
ROCE 14.3% 21.0%

As a result of the development described for the segments,
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
increased 3%. This amount also included higher expenses — as
planned — for selling and R&D, primarily at Digital Factory and
Healthineers, as we continued targeted investments aimed at
organic volume growth and strengthening our capacities for
innovation. Severance charges for continuing operations were
€598 million, of which €541 million were in the Industrial Busi-
ness. In fiscal 2015, severance charges for continuing operations
were €804 million, of which €564 million were in the Industrial
Business.

The tax rate of 27% was positively influenced by successful ap-
peals of tax decisions for prior years. In fiscal 2015, the tax rate
was lower, due mainly to the disposition of the stake in BSH
which was mostly tax-free. As a result, Income from continuing
operations increased 1%.

Combined Management Report

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes
was substantially lower compared to the prior year. In fiscal 2016,
it primarily included a gain of €102 million from the sale of the
remaining assets in the hearing aid business and €76 million re-
lated to the former Siemens IT Solutions and Services activities.
In the prior year, the line item primarily included gains from the
disposal of the hearing aid and hospital information businesses,
totaling €1.7 billion and €0.2 billion, respectively.

The decrease in Basic earnings per share reflects the lower net
income compared to fiscal 2015, which included the substantial
disposal gains related to the sale of the hearing aid business and
the BSH stake that added €3.66 to basic earnings per share.
At 14.3%, ROCE was below the range established in our One
Siemens financial framework, as expected. ROCE declined com-
pared to fiscal 2015 due to lower net income and a significant
increase in average capital employed with the acquisition of
Dresser-Rand at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2015.


--- Page 14 ---

A.4 Net assets position

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2016 2015 % Change
Cash and cash equivalents 10,604 9,957 6%
Available-for-sale financial assets 1,293 1,175 10%
Trade and other receivables 16,287 15,982 2%
Other current financial assets 6,800 5,157 32%
Inventories 18,160 17,253 5%
Current income tax assets 790 644 23%
Other current assets 1,204 1,151 5%
Assets classified as held for disposal 190 122 56%

Total current assets 55,329 51,442 8%
Goodwill 24,159 23,166 4%
Other intangible assets 7,742 8,077 (4)%
Property, plant and equipment 10,157 10,210 (1)%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 3,012 2,947 2%
Other financial assets 20,610 20,821 (1)%
Deferred tax assets 3,431 2,591 32%
Other assets 1,279 1,094 17%

Total non-current assets 70,388 68,906 2%

Total assets 125,717 120,348 4%

Our total assets in fiscal 2016 were influenced by negative cur-
rency translation effects of €1.1 billion, primarily involving the
British pound.

The increase in other current financial assets was driven by
higher loans receivable at SFS. These higher current loans receiv-
ables were mainly due to new business and the reclassification of
non-current loans receivables.

The increase in inventories was driven mainly by a build-up in
Energy Management, Power and Gas and Wind Power and
Renewables.

The increase in goodwill included the acquisition of CD-adapco.

Deferred tax assets increased mainly due to income tax effects
related to remeasurement of defined benefits plans.

Combined Management Report

15


--- Page 15 ---

16

A.5 Financial position

A.5.1 Capital structure

Our capital structure developed as follows:

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2016 2015 % Change
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 6,206 2,979 108%
Trade payables 8,048 7,774 4%
Other current financial liabilities 1,933 2,085 (7)%
Current provisions 4,166 4,489 (7)%
Current income tax liabilities 2,085 1,828 14%
Other current liabilities 20,437 20,368 0%
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 40 39 5%

Total current liabilities 42,916 39,562 8%
Long-term debt 24,761 26,682 (7)%
Post-employment benefits 13,695 9,811 40%
Deferred tax liabilities 829 609 36%
Provisions 5,087 4,865 5%
Other financial liabilities 1,142 1,466 (22)%
Other liabilities 2,471 2,297 8%

Total non-current liabilities 47,986 45,730 5%

Total liabilities 90,901 85,292 7%
Debt ratio 72% 71%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 34,211 34,474 (1)%
Equity ratio 28% 29%

Non-controlling interests 605 581 4%

Total liabilities and equity 125,717 120,348 4%

The increase in short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt was due mainly to reclassifications of long-term
fixed-rate instruments totaling €5.0 billion. This increase was
partly offset by repayments of commercial paper of €0.9 billion
and fixed-rate instruments of €0.5 billion.

Long-term debt decreased mainly due to the above mentioned
reclassifications and the redemption of hybrid capital bonds to-
taling €1.8 billion. This decrease was partly offset by the issu-
ance in September 2016 of instruments totaling US$6.0 billion
(€5.4 billion) in six tranches with different maturities up to
30 years.

Combined Management Report

The main factors relating to the change in total equity attribut-
able to shareholders of Siemens AG were a negative €2.9 bil-
lion in other comprehensive income, net of income taxes, mainly
due to remeasurements of defined benefit plans, and dividend
payments of €2.8 billion (for fiscal 2015). These negative factors
were nearly offset by fiscal 2016 net income attributable to share-
holders of Siemens AG of €5.5 billion.


--- Page 16 ---

Post-employment benefits

The funded status of our defined benefit plans —- meaning de-
fined benefit obligation (DBO) less fair value of plan assets —
showed an underfunding of €13.4 billion as of September 30,
2016 (€9.5 billion as of September 30, 2015). Within these fig-
ures, the underfunding for pension benefit plans amounted to
€12.8 billion as of September 30, 2016 (€9.0 billion as of Septem-
ber 30, 2015) and the underfunding of other post-employment
benefit plans amounted to €0.5 billion (€0.5 billion as of Sep-
tember 30, 2015). The increase in the underfunding of our de-
fined benefit plans was mainly due to lower discount rate as-
sumptions. This effect was partly offset by a significant increase
in return on plan assets and a lower pension progression assump-
tion in Germany.

Capital structure ratio

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2016 increased
from 0.6 a year earlier to 1.0, which was in line with our target
established in our One Siemens financial framework. The change
was due primarily to the increase in post-employment benefits
compared to the prior year, reflecting the above-mentioned in-
crease in the underfunding of our defined benefit plans.

In November 2015, we announced a share buyback of up to €3 bil-
lion ending at the latest on November 15, 2018. The buybacks will
be made under the current authorization granted at the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Shares repurchased
may be used solely for cancelling and reducing capital stock; for
issuing shares to employees, to members of the Managing Board
and board members of affiliated companies; and for meeting ob-
ligations from or in connection with convertible bonds or warrant
bonds. Under the program we repurchased 2,517,727 treasury
shares at an average cost per share of €91.24, totaling €0.2 bil-
lion (including incidental transaction charges).

Debt and credit facilities

As of September 30, 2016 we recorded, in total, €28.6 billion in
notes and bonds (maturing until 2046), €1.4 billion in loans from
banks (maturing until 2023), €0.9 billion in other financial in-
debtedness (maturing until 2027) and €0.1 billion in obligations
under finance leases. Notes, bonds and loans from banks were
issued mainly in the euro and U.S. dollar, and to a lower extent
in the British pound.

We have three credit facilities at our disposal for general corpo-
rate purposes. These credit facilities amounted to €7.1 billion and
were unused as of September 30, 2016.

For further information about our debt see — noTE15 in > B.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. For further informa-
tion about the functions and objectives of our financial manage-
ment see -> NOTE 24 in —> B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

Off-balance-sheet commitments

As of September 30, 2016 the undiscounted amount of maximum
potential future payments related to credit guarantees, guaran-
tees of third-party performance and HERKULES obligations
amounted to €3.7 billion (September 30, 2015: €4.2 billion).

In addition to these commitments, we issued other guarantees.
To the extent future claims are not considered remote, maximum
future payments from these commitments amounting to €0.9 bil-
lion (September 30, 2015: €1.8 billion). The decrease in other
guarantees is related to indemnifications issued in connection
with dispositions of businesses.

Future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases amounted to €3.5 billion (September 30, 2015: €3.4 bil-
lion).

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.4 billion (Septem-
ber 30, 2015: €3.6 billion). A considerable portion of these com-
mitments resulted from asset-based lending transactions, mean-
ing that the respective loans can be drawn only after the borrower
has provided sufficient collateral.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 17 ---

18

A.5.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2016
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 5,584
Change in operating net working capital (1,241)
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 3,324
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 7,668
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations (67)
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing and discontinued operations 7,611
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,135)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (922)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (1,356)
Other purchases of assets (1,409)
Other disposals of assets 1,417
Cash flows from investing activities - continuing operations (4,406)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations 262
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (4,144)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (463)
Issuance of long-term debt 5,300
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (2,253)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities (1,408)
Interest paid (809)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (2,827)
Other cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (249)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (2,710)
Cash flows from financing activities — discontinued operations -
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (2,710)

The conversion of profit into cash inflows from operating activ-
ities was mainly driven by Healthineers as well as the Digital Fac-
tory and Power and Gas Divisions. This conversion was affected
by a build-up of operating net working capital! primarily driven
by an increase in the line items Inventories and Trade and other
receivables in the Industrial Business, which was primarily due to
Power and Gas and Energy Management.

The cash outflows for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash
acquired, primarily included payments totaling €0.9 billion re-
lated to the acquisition of CD-adapco.

The cash outflows for other purchases of assets primarily in-

cluded additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and
to a lesser extent payments related to equity investments.

Combined Management Report

The cash inflows from other disposals of assets primarily in-
cluded disposals from above-mentioned eligible collateral, pro-
ceeds from the sale of shares in a fund at Corporate Treasury, and
real estate disposals at SRE.

The cash inflows from investing activities — discontinued
operations — included proceeds from the sale of the remaining
assets in the hearing aid business.

The change in short-term debt and other financing activities
included the net cash outflows related to commercial paper and
from loans to banks.


--- Page 18 ---

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity measure:

Free cash flow

Fiscal year 2016

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) operations operations discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 7,668 (57) 7,611
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,135) - (2,135)
Free cash flow 5,533 (57) 5,476

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows, our
total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents as well as
available-for-sale financial assets) of €11.9 billion, our €7.1 billion
in unused lines of credit, and given our credit ratings at year-end,
we believe that we have sufficient flexibility to fund our capital
requirements. Also in our opinion, our operating net working
capital is sufficient for our present requirements.

Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
from continuing operations totaled €2.1 billion in fiscal 2016.
Within the Industrial Business ongoing investments related
mainly to technological innovations; extending our capacities for
designing, manufacturing and marketing new solutions; improv-
ing productivity and our global footprint; and replacements of
fixed assets. These investments amounted to €1.5 billion in fiscal
2016. The remaining portion in fiscal 2016, €0.6 billion, related
mainly to SRE, including significant amounts related to office proj-
ects, such as new corporate office buildings in Germany, and to
support investing activities particularly at Wind Power and Renew-
ables. SRE is responsible for uniform and comprehensive manage-
ment of Company real estate worldwide, and supports the Indus-
trial Business and corporate activities with customer-specific real
estate solutions.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing operations, we
expect a moderate spending increase in fiscal 2017. In addition
we plan to invest significant amounts in coming years in attrac-
tive innovation fields in connection with next47.

Focus areas of ongoing investing activities of the Industrial
Business are:

The investments of Power and Gas are focused on replacement,
enhancing productivity and innovation, mainly relating to our
large gas turbines and generators business, including upcoming
spending for a new technology platform.

The investments of Wind Power and Renewables are focused
on the extension, modernization and optimization of existing
plants to allow for the large-scale manufacturing of innovative
products, including construction of production and service facil-
ities such as in the U.K., Germany, Morocco and Egypt. To a lesser
extent, Wind Power and Renewables also focuses on transporta-
tion solutions particularly for delivering large turbines.

Energy Managementis spending the larger portion of its capital
expenditures for innovation, particularly in the low voltage and
products business. Further investments are primarily related to
the expansion of factories and technical equipment and to the
replacement of fixed assets.

The investments of Building Technologies mainly relate to the
products and systems business, particularly innovation projects,
such as control and service platforms.

Mobility’s investments mainly focus on meeting project de-
mands and maintaining or enhancing its production and service
facilities, including capital expenditures for improving its respec-
tive positions in growing market segments.

Major spending of Digital Factory relates to the factory automa-
tion, motion control systems and control products businesses,
including investments in production facilities in China.

Process Industries and Drives makes most of its capital expen-
ditures for the purpose of rationalization, replacement and mod-
ification required for transition to innovative products, particu-
larly relating to the large drives business.

Healthineers’ investments are mainly driven by enhancing com-
petitiveness and innovation notably in the diagnostics busi-
nesses, including large amounts relating to intangible assets,
particularly capitalized development expenses for new platforms
and to upcoming spending for factories, especially in China.

Combined Management Report

19


--- Page 19 ---

20

A.6 Overall assessment of the economic position

In fiscal 2016, we successfully continued implementing our “Vision
2020” concept. We made further significant steps to strengthen
our business focus in electrification, automation and digitaliza-
tion by acquiring CD-adapco, a U.S.-based provider of simulation
software, and by signing binding agreements to merge our wind
power business, including service, with Gamesa to strengthen
our wind power business both regionally and in the global on-
shore market. We sold our remaining financial assets in the hear-
ing aid business and our share in Unify Holdings B.V. to Atos SE.
For Process Industries and Drives we implemented measures to
address the Division's structural challenges with regard to adjust-
ing regional footprint and reducing overcapacities. We also
made substantial progress in our ongoing initiative to improve
profitability of low-margin businesses throughout our Industrial
Business. Beginning with fiscal 2017 we founded next47, a sepa-
rate unit that pools our existing startup activities to foster disrup-
tive ideas more vigorously and accelerate the development of
new technologies.

We also made further progress in streamlining our management
structures and processes. Following cost savings of approximately
€0.4 billion in fiscal 2015, we reduced cost by an additional
€0.6 billion in fiscal 2016, thus achieving cost savings of €1.0 bil-
lion compared to fiscal 2014.

In fiscal 2016, we were particularly successful in executing on our
financial target system, enabling us to twice raise our forecast for
basic earnings per share (EPS) (net income) and to gain market
share in most of our businesses. Despite an unfavorable economic
environment and rising global uncertainties, we reached or ex-
ceeded the targets set for our primary measures for fiscal 2016.
We achieved revenue growth of 6%, net of effects from currency
translation, including two percentage points from portfolio
effects. Net income and basic earnings per share (EPS) (net
income) rose by more than a quarter compared to fiscal 2015
excluding the portfolio gains from the divestment of the hearing
aid business and our stake in BSH. As forecast, Return on capital
employed (ROCE) was double-digit. Our capital structure ratio
was 1.0, close to our forecast.

Orders increased 5% year-over-year to €86.5 billion, for a book-
to-bill ratio of 1.09, thus fulfilling our expectation for a ratio
clearly above 1.0. All industrial businesses contributed to order
growth except for the Mobility Division, which recorded lower
volume from large orders year-over-year, and the Process Indus-
tries and Drives Division, which is suffering from weak demand
in commodity-related markets. Order growth was particularly
impressive in the Power and Gas and the Wind Power and Renew-
ables Divisions. While Power and Gas recorded among others
large orders for power plants in Egypt, Wind Power and Renew-
ables won among others a number of contracts for large offshore
wind-farms including service in the U.K.

Combined Management Report

Revenue rose to €79.6 billion, also up 5% compared to fiscal
2015. All our industrial businesses increased revenue year-over-
year, except for the Process Industries and Drives Division. Exclud-
ing currency translation effects, overall revenue rose 6%. Our
forecast was to achieve moderate revenue growth excluding cur-
rency translation effects. As expected, portfolio effects added
2 percentage points to growth. The strongest contribution to
revenue growth came from the Power and Gas Division, which
achieved a double-digit growth rate even after excluding positive
portfolio effects, primarily related to the acquisition of Dresser-
Rand at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Revenue
growth at Power and Gas included strong contributions from
project execution on orders from Egypt.

Industrial Business profit grew 13% to €8.7 billion. As with reve-
nue, all industrial businesses except for Process Industries and
Drives increased their profit year-over-year. Wind Power and Re-
newables nearly tripled its profit compared to fiscal 2015, sup-
ported by a number of factors including successful implementa-
tion of measures for ramping up commercial-scale production of
turbine offerings. The Energy Management Division continued
its strong turnaround, with high double-digit profit growth.
Power and Gas achieved double-digit profit growth, benefiting
from among others a positive effect following the ending or eas-
ing of sanctions on Iran; Power and Gas took significant project
charges and higher severance in the prior year. Mobility contin-
ued its solid project execution and also achieved double-digit
profit growth. Healthineers and our Digital Factory and Building
Technologies Divisions exceeded the already high profit levels
they had reached in fiscal 2015. The decline in profit at Process
Industries and Drives was due to the above-mentioned market
conditions and charges related to measures taken to address
those challenges.

The profit margin of the Industrial Business increased to 10.8%,
up from 10.1% in fiscal 2015. We thus reached the upper end of
the range of 10% to 11% that was forecast for fiscal 2016. All
industrial businesses except for Process Industries and Drives
reached their margin ranges, with three Divisions that were
below their margin ranges in fiscal 2015, entering their ranges
in fiscal 2016: Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables and
Energy Management. SFS, which is outside our Industrial Business,
achieved a return on equity after tax of 21.6%, again above the
upper end of its margin range.

Outside the Industrial Business, the loss was higher than in fiscal
2015, which included a gain of €1.4 billion from the sale of our
stake in BSH. In contrast, the loss from other at-equity invest-
ments was lower and costs related to Corporate Items declined
substantially compared to the prior year.


--- Page 20 ---

Net income in fiscal 2016 was €5.6 billion and basic EPS from net
income was €6.74 both down 24% compared to the prior fiscal
year, which included a gain of €3.0 billion within net income and
€3.66 within earnings per share from the sale of our hearing aid
business and our stake in BSH. Excluding these gains, net income
rose 28%. We thus exceeded our fiscal 2016 forecast for a signif-
icant increase in net income excluding these gains. This in turn
enabled us to exceed our forecast for basic EPS from net income,
which we raised twice during fiscal 2016: first from the range of
€5.90 to €6.20 to the range of €6.00 to €6.40, and then from the
latter range to €6.50 to €6.70. Net income development bene-
fited from our continuous efforts to increase productivity. In fiscal
2016, total cost productivity improved by 5%, above our fiscal
2016 target of 3% to 4%.

ROCE was 14.3% in fiscal 2016. We thus reached our forecast for
fiscal 2016, which was to achieve a double-digit ROCE but to
come in substantially below the amount of fiscal 2015, which
was 21.0%. This decline was due to a combination of lower net
income, which in the prior fiscal year benefited from the
above-mentioned divestment gains, and an increase in average
capital employed, resulting mainly from the acquisition of
Dresser-Rand.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of industrial net
debt to EBITDA. For fiscal 2016, this ratio was 1.0, up from 0.6 in
fiscal 2015. This was close to our forecast, which was to reach a
ratio below but near 1.0.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations
for fiscal 2016 rose to €5.5 billion, up 17% compared to the prior
fiscal year.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. As in the past, we intend to fund our dividend payout
from Free cash flow. The Siemens Managing Board, in agreement
with the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.60 per
share, up from €3.50 a year earlier.

A.7 Subsequent events

In October 2016, the shareholders of Gamesa approved binding
agreements to merge Siemens’s wind power business, including
service, with Gamesa. Closing of the transaction is subject to the
approval of the antitrust and regulatory authorities.

In November 2016, Siemens announced the acquisition of Mentor
Graphics (U.S.), a design automation and industrial software pro-
vider. The purchase price is US$37.25 per share in cash, which
represents an enterprise value of US$4.5 billion. Mentor Graphics
will be integrated in the Digital Factory Division. Closing of the
transaction is subject to customary conditions and is expected in
the third quarter of fiscal 2017.

In November 2016, Siemens announced its intention to further
strengthen Healthineers in Siemens for the future and is there-
fore planning to publicly list its healthcare business. Siemens will
announce more precise details regarding the date and scope of
the placement when plans for the public listing are further ad-
vanced. The listing will also depend, among other things, on the
stock market environment.

Combined Management Report

21


--- Page 21 ---

22

A.8 Report on expected developments
and associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on expected
developments

A.8.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

In fiscal year 2017, the world economy is expected to grow only
slightly faster than in fiscal 2016, but still well below the long-
term historical trend. Global GDP is expected to expand by 2.8%,
with fixed investments growing by 3.2%. Fixed investments in
emerging countries (+4.4%) are expected to grow faster than in
advanced economies (+1.9%).

The U.S. has substantially resolved its inventory reduction, en-
abling GDP to grow substantially faster (+2.2%) than in 2016
(+1.4%). The good shape of the country’s labor markets and in-
creasing wage growth support consumer spending, which is ex-
pected to remain the mainstay of the economy. Improved trends
in housing and capital spending are also expected to support
growth. In particular, business fixed investment is expected to
pick up, as a recovery in commodity prices is increasing capital
spending in resource extraction and related industries. Never-
theless, potential impacts resulting from political uncertainty in
the wake of the U.S. presidential election have to be monitored.

In China, economic growth is projected to slow to 6.3% in 2017
after 6.6% in 2016. Some questions exist about the sustainability
of development in the country’s financial and real estate sectors.
With China’s debt-to-GDP ratio rising strongly in recent years,
the risks of a financial imbalance have increased. In addition,
large housing price increases in several large cities have raised
concerns about another real estate bubble.

In Europe, economic activity is expected to remain hampered by
political risks. Negotiations between the U.K. and the European
Union regarding the U.K.'s exit from the EU have been announced
for spring 2017 and could become contentious. The exit process
could heighten business and consumer uncertainty, reduce in-
vestment in the U.K., and pose some risk to financial markets.
This is also true for the banking sector which in some countries
suffers from non-performing loans and a capital shortage. GDP
growth is forecast at 1.5% in 2017 after 1.8% in 2016.

Despite the positive developments expected for the world econ-
omy in 2017, first and foremost the acceleration of the U.S. econ-
omy, the risks remain substantial, particularly in the geopolitical
sphere (see = a.8.3. risks). In addition, central banks raising
interest rates might induce financial turbulence, substantial
swings in capital flows, and readjustment of exchange rates.
Emerging markets might be especially vulnerable to these
shocks.

Combined Management Report

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed investments are
based on a report from IHS Markit dated October 15, 2016.

A.8.1.2 MARKET DEVELOPMENT

For fiscal 2017, we expect market volume for the markets served
by the Power and Gas Division to remain near the level of fiscal
2016. We anticipate a decline in the gas turbine market and a
slight recovery in the compression market. Our expectation for
the compression market is based on the assumptions that oil
prices will continue to recover and replacement demand will
grow, particularly to support enhanced extraction techniques
employed in partially depleted fields. We expect flat demand in
the steam turbine market, and a decline in demand for coal-fired
power plants in China. Overall, we assume a shift to more flexible
power generation and stronger demand for combined heat and
power generation.

We expect the markets served by the Wind Power and Renew-
ables Division to return to moderate growth in fiscal 2017.
Growth is expected to be driven by the Americas, particularly the
U.S. and continued growth in the offshore wind power market
segment. Overall, we expect a continuation of the trend towards
an increasing share of renewable energy within the energy mix.
Within the onshore wind power market, we expect demand in
the low-wind segment to remain significant.

For the markets served by the Energy Management Division, we
expect slight overall growth in fiscal 2017. The Division's markets
are experiencing rising power consumption due to urbanization
and electrification in emerging countries. Also the energy mix is
changing, with a rising share of renewable energy. Furthermore,
there is a trend towards decentralized power generation. Within
the Division's key industries, we expect moderate growth in de-
mand from the metals markets, driven by the Europe, C.I.S.,
Africa, Middle East and the Asia, Australia regions and from the
construction markets. For the oil and gas market, a slight recov-
ery is expected. Demand from data centers is also expected to
contribute to growth. The base market for utilities is expected
to continue to grow, but with large investments such as in the
Middle East not reaching the level of fiscal 2016.

For the markets served by the Building Technologies Division,
we expect solid growth in fiscal 2017. The regional differences in
growth dynamics are narrowing further, with modestly increas-
ing growth rates in developed countries and slowing growth in
emerging markets. Above-average growth is anticipated in the
Middle East, China, India and the U.S. A majority of the European
countries are anticipated to continue their recovery, led by Ger-
many, Spain and some of the Northern European countries. On
the other hand, growth might be impacted in countries with sig-
nificant exposure to weak commodity markets and in countries
with geopolitical uncertainties.


--- Page 22 ---

For fiscal 2017, we expect markets served by the Mobility Divi-
sion to continue to grow moderately. We anticipate that rail op-
erators in Germany will continue to make significant invest-
ments. In the Middle East and Africa, we expect tenders of
further large turnkey and rolling stock projects. In China, we
expect investments in high-speed trains, urban transport and
rail infrastructure to continue to drive growth. In India, market
growth should continue from planned projects for commuter
and high-speed passenger lines, freight rail, and related infra-
structure as part of the transportation infrastructure build-out.
Overall, local rail transport is expected to gain importance as
urbanization is progressing. In emerging countries, rising in-
comes are expected to result in greater demand for public trans-
port solutions.

Conditions for the markets addressed by the Digital Factory
Division are expected to improve modestly in fiscal 2017. Global
manufacturing production is forecasted to grow slightly in fiscal
2017, though global political and economic uncertainties are ex-
pected to continue to restrain investment decisions of key cus-
tomers. Market growth is expected to benefit from ongoing rising
demand from consumer-oriented manufacturing industries, es-
pecially in industrialized countries. Also, price stabilization in
some raw material markets is anticipated to end the economic
downturn in a number of emerging countries. Overall, we see
potential for the machine-building industry to return to slight
growth during the course of fiscal 2017, and the trend towards
digitalization is expected to continue to drive growth in the
industry software market.

In fiscal 2017, market volume for the markets served by the Pro-
cess Industries and Drives Division is expected to come in
slightly below the level of fiscal 2016. While this decline is fore-
cast to be driven by an ongoing fall in investments in the oil and
gas and the mining markets, we expect this downturn to gradu-
ally come to an end during fiscal 2017.

For fiscal 2017, we expect markets for Healthineers to stay ona
moderate growth path. Healthineers’ markets continue to benefit
from long-term trends such as growing and aging populations
and from broader access to healthcare, but are restricted by
public spending constraints and by consolidation of healthcare
providers. On a geographic basis, we expect slight to moderate
growth in the U.S., held back by continued pressure to increase
utilization of existing equipment and to reduce reimbursement
rates. For Europe, we expect slight growth, with equipment re-
placement and business with large customers such as hospital
chains gaining further importance. For China, we expect health-
care spending to rise, due to an aging population, urbanization,
growing chronic disease incidence and expanded access to
health insurance, partly held back by governmental restrictions

such as centralized tendering and reimbursement budget con-
trol. For Brazil, the recession is expected to continue to impact
healthcare investments.

Our SFS Division is geared to Siemens’ Industrial Business and its
markets. As such SFS is, among other factors, influenced by the
business development of the markets served by our Industrial
Business. SFS will continue to focus its business scope on areas
of intense domain know-how, thereby limiting risk and exposure
going forward.

A.8.1.3 SIEMENS GROUP

We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2017 for the Siemens Group
and its segments on the above-mentioned expectations and
assumptions regarding the overall economic situation and spe-
cific market conditions for the next fiscal year. Furthermore, this
outlook is based on the current business portfolio of Siemens,
excluding potential burdens associated with pending portfolio
matters in fiscal 2017. An acquisition of Mentor Graphics to ex-
pand our digital industrial leadership and a merger of our wind
power business, including service with Gamesa would among
other things result in additional revenue, purchase price allo-
cation effects, integration costs as well as assets and liabilities.
The merger with Gamesa would also result in increases in
non-controlling interests. In addition, we are further strengthening
Healthineers in Siemens for the future and are therefore planning
to publicly list our healthcare business. We will announce more
precise details regarding the date and scope of the placement
when plans for the public listing are further advanced. The listing
will also depend, among other things, on the stock market
environment.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, particularly involv-
ing the US$, the British £ and currencies of emerging markets,
particularly the Chinese yuan. During fiscal 2016, the average ex-
change rate conversion for our large volume of US$-denominated
revenue was US$1.11 per €. While we expect volatility in global
currency markets to continue in fiscal 2017, we have improved
our natural hedge on a global basis through geographic distribu-
tion of our production facilities during the past. Nevertheless,
Siemens is still a net exporter from the Euro zone to the rest of
the world, so a weak Euro is principally favorable for our business
and a strong Euro is principally unfavorable. In addition to the
natural hedging strategy just mentioned, we also hedge currency
risk in our export business using derivative financial instruments.
We expect these steps to help us limit effects on income related
to currency in fiscal 2017.

Revenue growth

We continue to anticipate headwinds for macroeconomic growth
and investment sentiment in our markets in fiscal 2017 due to the

Combined Management Report

23


--- Page 23 ---

24

complex geopolitical environment. Therefore, we expect modest
growth in revenue, net of effects from currency translation and
portfolio transactions.

In fiscal 2016, most of our industrial businesses contributed to
organic revenue growth, and we expect a similar development in
fiscal 2017. The principle exception is the Power and Gas Division,
which contributed double-digit growth in fiscal 2016.

We expect revenue growth to benefit from conversion of our or-
der backlog (defined as the sum of order backlogs of our indus-
trial businesses) which totaled €113 billion as of September 30,
2016. From this backlog, we expect to convert approximately
€39 billion of past orders into current revenue in fiscal 2017.
Within this amount, we expect for fiscal 2017 approximately
€12 billion in revenue conversion from the €44 billion backlog of
the Power and Gas Division, approximately €7 billion in revenue
conversion from the €12 billion backlog of the Energy Manage-
ment Division, approximately €7 billion in revenue conversion
from the €26 billion backlog of the Mobility Division, approxi-
mately €4 billion in revenue conversion from the €15 billion
backlog of the Wind Power and Renewables Division, approxi-
mately €3 billion in revenue conversion from the €5 billion back-
log of the Process Industries and Drives Division, approximately
€2 billion in revenue conversion from the €3 billion backlog of
the Building Technologies Division, approximately €2 billion in
revenue conversion from the €2 billion backlog of the Digital Fac-
tory Division and approximately €2 billion in revenue conversion
from the €5 billion backlog of Healthineers.

We anticipate that orders will exceed revenue for a book-to-bill
ratio above 1.

Profitability

We expect higher net income year-over-year, and basic EPS from
net income in the range of €6.80 to €7.20 as compared to €6.74
in fiscal 2016 which included €0.23 from discontinued operations.

Our forecast for net income and corresponding basic EPS is based
on a number of assumptions: We assume stabilization in the mar-
ket environment for our high-margin short-cycle businesses in
fiscal 2017. As part of our One Siemens framework, we target a
total cost productivity improvement of 3% to 5% in fiscal 2017.
Also, we assume continued solid project execution. Furthermore,
we anticipate no material currency-related effects on income.
Along with these assumptions, we anticipate pricing pressure on
our offerings of around 2% to 3% in fiscal 2017 along the lines of
fiscal 2016, with the Power and Gas Division and the Wind Power
and Renewables Division being affected the most. Furthermore,
we expect wage inflation of around 3% to 4%. Also, we plan to
increase R&D and selling expenses aimed at strengthening our

Combined Management Report

capacities for innovation and organic growth. Our forecast for net
income and corresponding basic EPS further excludes charges
related to legal and regulatory matters.

For fiscal 2017, we expect all but one of our industrial businesses
to be in their ranges for profit margin as defined in our financial
performance system (see => A.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM).
The exception is Process Industries and Drives, which initiated
measures during fiscal 2016 to reduce the size of its manufactur-
ing capacity and align its global footprint to changed market
demand. We expect these measures to become effective largely
after fiscal 2017. Overall, we expect a profit margin for our Indus-
trial Business of 10.5% to 11.5%, compared to 10.8% in fiscal 2016,
in part due to our ongoing initiative to improve profitability of
low-margin businesses. We expect SFS, which is reported outside
Industrial Business, to achieve a return on equity (ROE) within its
margin range in fiscal 2017 and to keep its profit near the prior-
year level excluding the positive effect of €92 million, which re-
sulted from an at-equity investment.

Within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements,
we expect results related to CMPA to continue to be highly vola-
tile from quarter to quarter during fiscal 2017. Expenses for Cor-
porate items are expected to be approximately €0.6 billion, with
costs in the second half-year higher than in the first half and
to include expenses related to our newly founded next47 startup
unit. While we anticipate that SRE will continue with real estate
disposals depending on market conditions, we expect gains from
disposals to be lower in fiscal 2017 than in fiscal 2016. Centrally
carried pension expenses are expected to total approximately
€0.5 billion in fiscal 2017. Amortization of intangible assets ac-
quired in business combinations was €674 million in fiscal 2016
and we expect a similar level in fiscal 2017, based on our current
business portfolio. Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other
reconciling items are also anticipated to be on the prior-year level
despite higher interest expense related primarily to bonds issued
in fiscal 2016.

We do not expect material influence on financial results from
discontinued operations in fiscal 2017. For comparison, income
from discontinued operations in fiscal 2016 was €0.2 billion. We
anticipate our tax rate for fiscal 2017 to be in the range of 26%
to 30%.

Capital efficiency

Within our One Siemens financial framework, we aim in general
to achieve a ROCE in the range of 15% to 20%. We expect ROCE
for fiscal 2017 to come close to or reach the lower end of our
target range, compared to 14.3% for fiscal 2016. Burdens from
pending portfolio matters, which are excluded from our outlook,
could materially reduce our expectation for ROCE for fiscal 2017.


--- Page 24 ---

Capital structure

We aim in general for a capital structure, defined as the ratio of
industrial net debt to EBITDA, of up to 1.0, and expect to achieve
this in fiscal 2017.

A.8.1.4 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We continue to anticipate headwinds for macroeconomic growth
and investment sentiment in our markets due to the complex
geopolitical environment. Therefore, we expect modest growth
in revenue, net of effects from currency translation and portfolio
transactions. We further anticipate that orders will exceed reve-
nue for a book-to-bill ratio above 1. For our Industrial Business,
we expect a profit margin of 10.5% to 11.5%. We expect basic
EPS from net income in the range of €6.80 to €7.20, compared
to €6.74 in fiscal 2016 which included €0.23 from discontinued
operations.

This outlook assumes stabilization in the market environment
for our high-margin short-cycle businesses. It further excludes
charges related to legal and regulatory matters as well as poten-
tial burdens associated with pending portfolio matters.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its Segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our outlook due to the
risks and opportunities described below or if our expectations
and assumptions do not materialize.

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT
Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursuing
sustainable growth and creating economic value while managing
appropriate risks and opportunities and avoiding inappropriate
risks. As risk management is an integral part of how we plan and
execute our business strategies, our risk management policy is
set by the Managing Board. Our organizational and accountabil-
ity structure requires each of the respective managements of our
Industrial Business, SFS, regions and Corporate Units to imple-
ment risk management programs that are tailored to their spe-
cific industries and responsibilities, while being consistent with
the overall policy.

A.8.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk manage-
ment and control systems which support us in the early recogni-
tion of developments that could jeopardize the continuity of our
business. The most important of these systems include our en-
terprise-wide processes for strategic planning and management
reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in consid-
ering potential risks well in advance of major business decisions,
while management reporting is intended to enable us to moni-

tor such risks more closely as our business progresses. Our inter-
nal auditors regularly review the adequacy and effectiveness of
our risk management system. Accordingly, if deficits are de-
tected, it is possible to adopt appropriate measures for their elim-
ination. This coordination of processes and procedures is in-
tended to help ensure that the Managing Board and the
Supervisory Board are fully informed about significant risks in a
timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive, inter-
active and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization and that
addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM approach is
based on the worldwide accepted Enterprise Risk Management —
Integrated Framework (2004) developed by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The framework connects the ERM process with our financial re-
porting process and our internal control system. It considers a
company’s strategy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its busi-
ness operations, the reliability of its financial reporting as well
as compliance with relevant laws and regulations to be equally
important.

The ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation of,
and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could mate-
rially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational, finan-
cial and compliance objectives. The time horizon covered by ERM
is typically three years. Our ERM is based on a net risk approach,
addressing risks and opportunities remaining after the execution
of existing control measures. If risks have already been consid-
ered in plans, budgets, forecasts or the financial statements (e.g.
as a provision or risk contingency), they are supposed to be in-
corporated with their financial impact in the entity’s business
objectives. As a consequence, only additional risks arising from
the same subject (e.g. deviations from business objectives, dif-
ferent impact perspectives) should be considered for the ERM. In
order to provide a comprehensive view on our business activities,
risks and opportunities are identified in a structured way combin-
ing elements of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Risks
and opportunities are generally reported on a quarterly basis.
This regular reporting process is complemented by an ad-hoc
reporting process that aims to escalate critical issues in a timely
manner. Relevant risks and opportunities are prioritized in terms
of impact and likelihood, considering different perspectives, in-
cluding business objectives, reputation and regulatory matters.
The bottom-up identification and prioritization process is supple-
mented by workshops with the respective managements of the
Industrial Business, SFS, regions and Corporate Units. This top-
down element ensures that potential new risks and opportunities
are discussed at management level and are included in the sub-
sequent reporting process, if found to be relevant. Reported risks
and opportunities are analyzed regarding potential cumulative

Combined Management Report

25


--- Page 25 ---

26

effects and are aggregated within and for each of the organiza-
tions mentioned above.

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportuni-
ties, with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on the
significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first step,
assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity involves
choosing one of our general response strategies. Our general
response strategies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer,
reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general re-
sponse strategy with respect to opportunities is to ‘seize’ the rel-
evant opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or
opportunity also involves the development, initiation and moni-
toring of appropriate response measures corresponding to the
chosen response strategy. These response measures have to be
specifically tailored to allow for effective risk management.
Accordingly, we have developed a variety of response measures
with different characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk
of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by engaging in
hedging activities. Regarding our long-term projects, systematic
and comprehensive project management with standardized proj-
ect milestones, including provisional acceptances during project
execution and complemented by clearly defined approval pro-
cesses, assists us in identifying and responding to project risks at
an early stage, even before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we
maintain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of dam-
age and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks
and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among others, we ad-
dress the risk of fluctuation in economic activity and customer
demand by closely monitoring the macroeconomic conditions
and developments in relevant industries, and by adjusting capac-
ity and implementing cost-reduction measures in a timely and
consistent manner, if deemed necessary.

A.8.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

AND RESPONSIBILITIES

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with legal
and operational requirements, the Managing Board established
a Risk Management and Internal Control Organization, headed by
the Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer, and a Corporate Risk and
Internal Control Committee (CRIC). The CRIC obtains risk and op-
portunity information from the Risk Committees established at
the Industrial Business, SFS, and regional organizations and from
the heads of Corporate Units. In order to allow for a meaningful
discussion on Siemens group level individual risk and opportuni-
ties of similar cause-and-effect nature are aggregated into risk
and opportunity themes. This aggregation naturally results in a
mixture of risks, including those with a primarily qualitative as-
sessment and those with a primarily quantitative risk assessment.
Accordingly, we do not foresee a purely quantitative assessment
of risk themes. This information then forms the basis for the eval-

Combined Management Report

uation of the company-wide risk and opportunity situation. The
CRIC reports to and supports the Managing Board on matters
relating to the implementation, operation and oversight of the
risk and internal control system and assists the Managing Board
for example in reporting to the Audit Committee of the Super-
visory Board. The CRIC is composed of the Chief Risk & Internal
Control Officer, as the chairperson, members of the Managing
Board and selected heads of Corporate Units.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition (including effects on
assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and repu-
tation. The order in which the risks are presented in each of the
four categories reflects the currently estimated relative exposure
for Siemens associated with these risks and thus provides an in-
dication of the risks’ current importance to us. Additional risks
not known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may
also negatively impact our business objectives and operations.
Unless otherwise stated, the risks described below relate to all of
our segments.

A.8.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for our prod-
ucts and solutions are highly competitive in terms of pricing,
product and service quality, product development and introduc-
tion time, customer service, financing terms and shifts in market
demands. We face strong existing competitors and also compet-
itors from emerging markets, which may have a better cost struc-
ture. Some industries in which we operate are undergoing con-
solidation, which may result in stronger competition and a
change in our relative market position. Furthermore, we notice
that suppliers (and to some extent even customers), especially
from emerging countries (e.g. China), could develop into serious
competitors for Siemens. We address these risks with various
measures, for example, benchmarking, strategic initiatives, sales
push initiatives, executing productivity measures and target cost
projects, rightsizing of our factory footprint, exporting from low-
cost countries to price-sensitive markets, and optimizing our
product portfolio. We continuously monitor and analyze compet-
itive and market information in order to be able to anticipate
unfavorable changes in the competitive environment rather than
reacting to such changes.

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions (macroeco-
nomic environment): We see a high level of uncertainty regard-
ing the global economic outlook. Significant downside risks stem
e.g. from consequences of the Brexit vote in June of 2016, from
political uncertainty in the wake of the U.S. presidential election
and from an increasing trend towards populism. The U.K. exit


--- Page 26 ---

process could heighten business and consumer uncertainty, re-
duce investment in the U.K., pose risks to financial markets and
may increase the uncertainties about the future of the EU in the
course of the U.K. exit negotiations. A further and massive loss
of economic confidence and a prolonged period of reluctance in
investment decisions and awarding of new orders would hit our
businesses. We continuously monitor the exit process and es-
tablished, for example, a task force team coordinating our local
and global mitigation measures. Further, a substantial business
risk stems from a significant weakening of Chinese economic
growth and the potential for corrections or even a collapse in
the country’s real estate market, banking sector or stock market.
The downturn could get worse, if Chinese authorities fail to re-
form the state-owned enterprises in the industry and banking
sector and to further liberalize and open the economy. Both
global and regional investment climates could collapse due to
political upheavals, further independence debates within coun-
tries in the European Union, or sustained success for protection-
ist, anti-EU and anti-business parties and policy. A rapid tighten-
ing of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve could cause
a depreciation spiral among emerging market currencies. This
could lead to a renewed emerging market crisis because debt
levels of emerging market enterprises have risen, making them
dependent on favorable global financial conditions to ser-
vice debts denominated in foreign currencies. A terrorist mega-
attack, or a series of such attacks in major economies, could
depress economic activity globally and undermine consumer
and business confidence. Further risks stem from political ten-
sions (e.g. Syria, Turkey, Ukraine) and a loss of confidence in the
automotive sector.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our Divisions and the importance of long-term con-
tracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between the devel-
opment of macroeconomic conditions and their impact on our
financial results. In contrast, short-cycle business activities of the
Digital Factory Division and parts of Process Industries and Drives
Division and in the Energy Management Division react quickly to
volatility in market demand. If the moderate recovery of macro-
economic growth stalls again and if we are not successful in
adapting our production and cost structure to subsequent
changes in conditions in the markets in which we operate, there
can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse effects.
For example, it may become more difficult for our customers
to obtain financing. As a result, they may modify, delay or cancel
plans to purchase our products and services, or fail to follow
through on purchases or contracts already executed. Further-
more, the prices for our products and services may decline, as a
result of adverse market conditions, to a greater extent than we
currently anticipate. In addition, contracted payment terms, es-
pecially regarding the level of advance payments by our custom-
ers relating to long-term projects, may become less favorable,

which could negatively impact our financial condition. Siemens’
global setup with operations in almost all relevant economies,
the wide variety of our offerings following different business
cycles, and our varying business models (e.g. product, software,
solution, project and service-business) help us to absorb the im-
pact of an adverse development in a single market.

Disruptive Technologies (incl. Digitalization): The markets in
which our businesses operate experience rapid and significant
changes due to the introduction of innovative and disruptive tech-
nologies. In the fields of digitalization (e.g. internet of things,
web of systems, Industrie 4.0), there are risks of new competi-
tors, substitutions of existing products/solutions/services, new
business models (e.g. in terms of pricing) and finally the risk that
our competitors may have faster time-to-market strategies and
introduce their digital products and solutions faster than
Siemens. Our operating results depend to a significant extent on
our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets and
to reduce the costs of producing our products. Introducing new
products and technologies requires a significant commitment to
research and development, which in return requires expenditure
of considerable financial resources that may not always result in
success. Our results of operations may suffer if we invest in tech-
nologies that do not operate or may not be integrated as ex-
pected, or that are not accepted in the marketplace as antici-
pated, or if our products or systems are not introduced to the
market in a timely manner, particularly compared to our compet-
itors, or become obsolete. We constantly apply for new patents
and actively manage our intellectual property portfolio to secure
our technological position. However, our patents and other intel-
lectual property may not prevent competitors from independently
developing or selling products and services that are similar to or
duplicates of ours.

Continuous low Oil/Commodity Prices: The longer than ex-
pected low oil price could reduce demand for Oil & Gas products.
Additionally, countries depending on high oil and commodity
prices (e.g. Russia, Venezuela, Middle East) might reduce public
spending. Both would result in a decline in order intake and reve-
nue for our businesses that serve oil and gas markets, as well as
underutilization of resources. We attempt to mitigate these risks
by close monitoring of the market situation, especially in the oil
and gas business. We consistently strive to adjust our capacity,
improve our cost structure, and increase our competitiveness in
this market.

Footprint: The risk is that we are not flexible enough in adjusting
our manufacturing footprint to quickly respond to changing mar-
kets, resulting in a non-competitive cost position and a loss of
business. To mitigate this risk, we continuously monitor and
analyze competitive and market information. Furthermore, we
closely monitor the implementation of the planned measures,

Combined Management Report

27


--- Page 27 ---

28

maintain strict cost management, and conduct ongoing discus-
sions with all concerned interest groups.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other investments
and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting activi-
ties in some business areas and strengthening others through
portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions. With
respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some of our
activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out could
have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, re-
sults of operations and our reputation. Mergers and acquisitions
are inherently risky because of difficulties that may arise when
integrating people, operations, technologies and products. There
can be no assurance that any of the businesses we acquired can
be integrated successfully and in a timely manner as originally
planned, or that they will perform as anticipated once integrated.
In addition, we may incur significant acquisition, administrative,
tax and other expenditure in connection with these transactions,
including costs related to integration of acquired businesses. Fur-
thermore, portfolio measures may result in additional financing
needs and adversely affect our capital structure. Acquisitions led
to substantial addition to intangible assets, including goodwill in
our Statements of Financial Position. If we were to encounter
continuing adverse business developments or if we were other-
wise to perform worse than expected at acquisition activities,
then these intangible assets, including goodwill, might have to
be impaired, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our investment portfolio
consists of investments held for purposes other than trading.
Furthermore, we hold other investments, for example, Atos SE
and OSRAM Licht AG. Any factors negatively influencing the fi-
nancial condition and results of operations of our at-equity in-
vestments and other investments, could have an adverse effect
on our equity pick-up related to these investments or may result
in a related write-off. In addition, our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations could also be adversely affected in
connection with loans, guarantees or non-compliance with fi-
nancial covenants related to these at-equity investments and
other investments. Furthermore, such investments are inherently
risky as we may not be able to sufficiently influence corporate
governance processes or business decisions taken by our equity
investments, other investments and strategic alliances that may
have a negative effect on our business. In addition, joint ventures
bear the risk of difficulties that may arise when integrating peo-
ple, operations, technologies and products. Strategic alliances
may also pose risks for us because we compete in some business
areas with companies with which we have strategic alliances.
Besides other measures, we handle these risks with standardized
processes as well as dedicated roles and responsibilities in the
areas of mergers, acquisitions, divestments and carve outs. This
includes post closing actions as well as claim management and
centrally managed portfolio activities.

Combined Management Report

A.8.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

IT security: Our business portfolio is dependent on digital tech-
nologies. We observe a global increase of IT security threats and
higher levels of professionalism in computer crime, which pose a
risk to the security of products, systems and networks and the
confidentiality, availability and integrity of data. Like other large
multinational companies we are facing active cyber threats from
sophisticated adversaries that are supported by organized crime
and nation states engaged in economic espionage. We attempt
to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, in-
cluding employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our
networks and systems through Cyber Security Operation Centers,
and maintenance of backup and protective systems such as fire-
walls and virus scanners. Our contractual arrangements with ser-
vice providers, aim to ensure that these risks are reduced. None-
theless, our systems, products, solutions and services, as well as
those of our service providers remain potentially vulnerable to
attacks. Such attacks could potentially lead to the publication,
manipulation, espionage or leakage of information, improper use
of our systems, defective products, production downtimes and
supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our reputa-
tion, our competitiveness and results of our operations.

Operational failures and quality problems in our value chain
processes: Our value chain comprises all steps, from research
and development to supply chain management, production, mar-
keting, sales and services. Operational failures in our value chain
processes could result in quality problems or potential product,
labor safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Such risks are par-
ticularly present in our Industrial Business in relation to our pro-
duction and manufacturing facilities, which are located all over
the world and have a high degree of organizational and techno-
logical complexity. From time to time, some of the products we
sell might have quality issues resulting from the design or man-
ufacture of the products or of the commissioning of the products
or from the software integrated into them. Our Healthineers
business, for example, is subject to regulatory authorities includ-
ing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European
Commission’s Health and Consumer Policy Department, which
require us to make specific efforts to safeguard our product
safety. If we are not able to comply with these requirements, our
business and reputation may be adversely affected. Several mea-
sures for quality improvement and claim prevention are estab-
lished and the increased use of quality management tools is im-
proving visibility and assists us strengthen the root cause and
prevention process.

Operational optimization alignments and cost reduction ini-
tiatives: We are in a continuous process of operational optimiza-
tion alignments and constantly engage in cost-reduction initia-
tives, including ongoing capacity adjustment measures and
structural initiatives. Consolidation of business activities and


--- Page 28 ---

manufacturing facilities, and the streamlining of product port-
folios, are also part of these cost-reduction efforts. These mea-
sures may not be implemented as planned, may turn out to be
less effective than anticipated, may become effective later than
estimated or may not become effective at all. Any future contri-
bution of these measures to our profitability will be influenced
by the actual savings achieved and by our ability to sustain them.
Furthermore, a delay in critical R& D projects could lead to nega-
tive impacts in running projects. We constantly control and mon-
itor the progress of these projects and initiatives using standard-
ized controlling and milestone tracking approaches.

Cost overruns or additional payment obligations related to
the management of our long-term, fixed-price or turnkey proj-
ects: A number of our industrial businesses conduct activities,
especially large projects, under long-term contracts that are
awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Such contracts typically
arise in Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, Mobility,
and parts of Energy Management and Process Industries and
Drives. Some of these contracts are inherently risky because we
may assume substantially all of the risks associated with complet-
ing a project and meeting post-completion warranty obligations.
For example, we may face the risk that we must satisfy technical
requirements of a project even though we have not gained expe-
rience with those requirements before we win the project. The
profit margins realized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from
original estimates as a result of changes in costs and productivity
over the contract’s term. We sometimes bear the risk of unantic-
ipated project modifications, shortage of key personnel, quality
problems, financial difficulties of our customers and/or signifi-
cant partners, cost overruns or contractual penalties caused by
unexpected technological problems, unforeseen developments
at the project sites, unforeseen changes or difficulties in the reg-
ulatory or political environment, performance problems with our
suppliers, subcontractors and consortium partners or other logis-
tical difficulties. Some of our multi-year contracts also contain
demanding installation and maintenance requirements in addi-
tion to other performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost
and compliance with government regulations requirements,
which, if not satisfied, could subject us to substantial contractual
penalties, damages, non-payment and contract termination.
There can be no assurance that contracts and projects, in partic-
ular those with long-term duration and fixed-price calculation,
can be completed profitably. To tackle those risks we imple-
mented a global project management organization to systemat-
ically improve the know-how of the project management person-
nel. For very complex projects we conduct dedicated risk
assessments in very early stages of the sales phase before we
decide to hand over a binding offer to our customer.

Shortage of Skilled Personnel: Competition for highly qualified
personnel (e.g. specialists, experts, “digital” talents) remains in-

tense in the industries and regions in which our businesses oper-
ate. We have ongoing demand for highly skilled employees. Our
future success depends in part on our continued ability to hire,
integrate, develop and retain engineers and other qualified per-
sonnel. We address this risk for example with structured succes-
sion planning, employer branding, retention and career manage-
ment. Furthermore the company is strengthening the capabilities
and skills of our Talent Acquisition teams and has defined a strat-
egy of pro-active search for people with the required skills in our
respective industries and markets.

Interruption of the supply chain: The financial performance of
our Industrial Business depends on reliable and effective supply
chain management for components, sub-assemblies and materi-
als. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from
ineffective supply chain management may lead to delays and
additional cost. We rely on third parties to supply us with parts,
components and services. Using third parties to manufacture,
assemble and test our products reduces our control over manu-
facturing yields, quality assurance, product delivery schedules
and costs. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid
supply-related problems, there can be no assurance that we will
not encounter supply problems in the future. Shortages and de-
lays could materially harm our business. Unanticipated increases
in the price of components or raw materials due to market short-
ages or other reasons could also adversely affect performance.
Furthermore, we may be exposed to the risk of delays and inter-
ruptions in the supply chain as a consequence of catastrophic
events, particularly if we are unable to identify alternative sources
of supply or means of transportation in a timely manner or at all.
Besides other measures, we mitigate fluctuation in the global raw
material markets with various hedging instruments.

A.8.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because a
high percentage of our business volume is conducted in U.S. dol-
lar and as exports from Europe. In addition, we are exposed to
currency effects involving the currencies of emerging markets, in
particular the Chinese yuan. A strengthening of the euro (partic-
ularly against the U.S. dollar) may change our competitive posi-
tion, as many of our competitors may benefit from having a
substantial portion of their costs based in weaker currencies,
enabling them to offer their products at lower prices. As a result,
a strong euro in relation to the U.S. dollar and other currencies
could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We
are also exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Negative devel-
opments in the financial markets and changes in the central bank
policies may negatively impact our results. Certain currency risks
as well as interest rate risks are hedged using derivative financial
instruments. Depending on the development of foreign cur-
rency exchange and interest rates, hedging activities could have

Combined Management Report

29


--- Page 29 ---

30

significant effects on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Liquidity and financing risks: Political and economic develop-
ments in the EU as well as the ongoing euro zone sovereign debt
crisis continue to influence global capital markets. Our treasury
and financing activities could face adverse deposit and/or financ-
ing conditions from negative developments related to financial
markets, such as (1) limited availability of funds (particularly U.S.
dollar funds) and hedging instruments; (2) an updated evalua-
tion of our solvency, particularly from rating agencies; (3) nega-
tive interest rates; and (4) impacts arising from more restrictive
regulation of the financial sector, central bank policy, or financial
instruments. Widening credit spreads due to uncertainty and risk
aversion in the financial markets might lead to adverse changes
of fair market values of our financial assets, in particular our de-
rivative financial instruments. Negative developments could also
further increase the costs for buying protection against credit risks
due to a potential increase in counterparty risks. Siemens reduces
funding risks through diversification into different funding instru-
ments, currencies, markets and investor groups. Liquidity risks are
mitigated by depositing cash into different categories of instru-
ments and with a range of counterparties of investment grade
credit quality; the associated counterparty risks are centrally and
closely monitored (including risks resulting from derivatives).

Credit Risks: We provide our customers with various forms of
direct and indirect financing of orders and projects. SFS in partic-
ular bears credit risks due to its financing activities. In part, we
take a security interest in the assets we finance, or we receive
additional collateral. Our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be adversely affected if the credit quality of
our customers deteriorates or if they default on their payment
obligation to us, if the value of the assets in which we have taken
a security interest or additional collateral declines, or if the proj-
ects in which we invest are unsuccessful. Positive market values
from derivatives and deposits with banks induce credit risk
against these banks. We monitor these market value develop-
ments very closely. A default by a major trading partner may have
negative impact on our financial position and the results of finan-
cial operations.

Risks from pension obligations: The funded status of our pen-
sion plans may be affected by change in actuarial assumptions,
including the discount rate, as well as movements in financial
markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment port-
folio. A significant increase in the underfunding may have a neg-
ative effect on our capital structure and rating, and thus may
tighten refinancing options and increase costs. In order to com-
ply with local pension regulations in selected foreign countries,
we may face a risk of increasing cash outflows to reduce an
underfunding of our pension plans in these countries.

Combined Management Report

Examinations by tax authorities and changes in tax regula-
tions: We operate in nearly all countries of the world and there-
fore are subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in tax
law in any of these jurisdictions could result in higher tax ex-
pense and payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could
impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain tax
environment in some regions could limit our ability to enforce
our rights. As a globally operating organization, we conduct busi-
ness in countries subject to complex tax rules, which may be
interpreted in different ways. Future interpretations or develop-
ments of tax regimes may affect our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations. We are regularly examined by tax
authorities in various jurisdictions and we continuously identify
and assess resulting risks.

For further information on post-employment benefits, derivative
financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk manage-
ment and measurements, see => NOTE 16,23 AND 24 in => B.6 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

A.8.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

Regulatory risks and potential sanctions: As a globally operat-
ing organization, we conduct business with customers in coun-
tries which are subject to export control regulations, embargoes,
economic sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions (hereaf-
ter referred to as “sanctions”) imposed by the U.S., the European
Union or other countries or organizations. New or expanded
sanctions in countries in which we do business may result in a
curtailment of our existing business in such countries or indirectly
in other countries. We are also aware of initiatives by institutional
investors, such as pension funds or insurance companies, to
adopt or consider adopting policies prohibiting investment in and
transactions with, or requiring divestment of interests in entities
doing business with, countries identified as state sponsors of ter-
rorism by the U.S. Department of State. It is possible that such
initiatives may result in us being unable to gain or retain inves-
tors, customers or suppliers. In addition, the termination of our
activities in sanctioned countries may expose us to customer
claims and other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to
our activities with counterparties in or affiliated with these coun-
tries. Due to the political agreement based on the Joint Compre-
hensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) regarding the Iranian nuclear
program, Siemens has revised its group-wide policies to allow
new business activities with customers or end customers in Iran
that are not designated on the EU or U.S. sanctions lists, provided
that these activities do not breach the EU sanctions regulations
or the U.S. Secondary Sanctions (if applicable).

Emerging market operations involve various risks, including civil
unrest, health concerns, cultural differences such as employ-
ment and business practices, volatility in gross domestic prod-


--- Page 30 ---

uct, economic and governmental instability, the potential for
nationalization of private assets and the imposition of exchange
controls. Asian markets in particular are important for our long-
term growth strategy, and our sizeable activities in China operate
under a legal system that is still developing and is subject to
change. Our long-term growth strategy could be limited by gov-
ernments preferentially supporting local competitors. With our
dedicated regional organizations we tackle these risks by con-
stantly monitoring the latest trends and defining our response
strategies which include an ongoing evaluation of our localiza-
tion approach.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
corruption, of antitrust violations and of other violations of
law: Proceedings against us regarding allegations of corruption,
of antitrust violations and of other violations of law may lead to
criminal and civil fines as well as penalties, sanctions, injunctions
against future conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications
from directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of business,
the loss of business licenses or permits or other restrictions and
legal consequences. Accordingly, we may among other things be
required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities
arising in connection with such investigations and proceedings,
including potential tax penalties. Moreover, any findings related
to public corruption that are not covered by the 2008 and
2009 corruption charge settlements, which we concluded with
American and German authorities, may endanger our business
with government agencies and intergovernmental and supra-
national organizations. Monitors could again be appointed to
review future business practices and we may otherwise be
required to further modify our business practices and our com-
pliance program.

A considerable part of our business activities involve govern-
ments and companies with public shareholders. We also partici-
pate in a number of projects funded by government agencies and
intergovernmental and supranational organizations, such as mul-
tilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future investi-
gations into allegations of corruption, of antitrust violations or of
other violations of law could also impair relationships with such
business partners or could result in the exclusion of public con-
tracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect existing pri-
vate business relationships and our ability to pursue potentially
important strategic projects and transactions, such as strategic
alliances, joint ventures or other business cooperation, or could
result in the cancellation of certain of our existing contracts.
Moreover, third parties, including our competitors, could initiate
significant litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential future
investigations, such as responding to the requests of governmen-
tal authorities and cooperating with them, could divert manage-

ment's attention and resources from other issues facing our busi-
ness. Furthermore, we might be exposed to compliance risks in
connection with recently acquired operations that are in the
ongoing process of integration.

Besides other measures, Siemens established a global compliance
organization which conducts among others compliance risk miti-
gation processes such as Compliance Risk Assessments, and which
has been reviewed by external compliance experts.

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversified com-
pany with global businesses we are exposed to various product-
and country-related regulations, laws and policies influencing our
processes. We exercise our duty within the supply chain, as our
customers request transparency in the supply chain and as the
obligation to do so already forms an element of customer con-
tracts. If we are unable to achieve sufficient confidence through-
out our supply chain, or if any risks associated with these kinds
of regulations, laws and policies were to materialize, our reputa-
tion could also be adversely affected. We continuously monitor
the political and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to
anticipate potential problem areas, so that we are able to quickly
adjust our business activities accordingly upon any change in
conditions.

Environmental, health &safety and other governmental reg-
ulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are highly
regulated. Current and future environmental, health & safety and
other governmental regulations or changes thereto may require
us to change the way we run our operations and could result in
significant increases in our operating or production costs. Fur-
thermore, we see the risk of potential environment, health & safety
incidents as well as potential non-compliance with environment,
health & safety regulations affecting Siemens and our contractors
or sub-suppliers, resulting in e.g. serious injuries, penalties, loss
of reputation and internal or external investigations.

In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compli-
ance with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct of
our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations of
applicable governmental regulations may be caused either by us
or by third parties that we contract with, including suppliers or
service providers, whose activities may be attributed to us. Any
such violations expose us to the risk of liability, reputational dam-
age or loss of licenses or permits that are important to our busi-
ness operations. In particular, we could also face liability for
damage or remediation for environmental contamination at
the facilities we design or operate. With regard to certain envi-
ronmental risks, we maintain liability insurance at levels that
our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. We may incur environmental losses beyond the
limits, or outside the coverage, of such insurance, and such

Combined Management Report

31


--- Page 31 ---

32

losses may have an adverse effect on our business, financial con-
dition and results of our operations.

Protectionism (incl. Localization): Protectionist trade policies
and changes in the political and regulatory environment in the
markets in which we operate, such as import and export controls,
tariffs and other trade barriers including debarment from certain
markets and price or exchange controls, could affect our business
in several national markets; could impact our business, financial
position and results of operations; and may expose us to penal-
ties, other sanctions and reputational damage. In addition, the
uncertainty of the legal environment in some regions could limit
our ability to enforce our rights and subject us to increasing costs
related to appropriate compliance programs.

Current or future litigation: Siemens is and will be in the course
of its normal business operations involved in numerous legal dis-
putes and proceedings in various jurisdictions. These legal dis-
putes and proceedings could result, in particular, in Siemens
being subject to payment of damages and punitive damages,
equitable remedies or criminal or civil sanctions, fines or dis-
gorgement of profit. In individual cases this may also lead to for-
mal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or loss
of business licenses or permits. In addition, further legal disputes
and proceedings may be commenced or the scope of pending
legal disputes and proceedings may be expanded. Asserted
claims are generally subject to interest rates.

Some of these legal disputes and proceedings could result in ad-
verse decisions for Siemens that may have material effects on our
financial position, the results of operations and/or cash flows.

Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain legal risks at lev-
els our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. The insurance policy, however, does not protect
Siemens against reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens may
incur losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the limits, or out-
side the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any provisions
made for legal proceedings related losses. Finally, there can be no
assurance that Siemens will be able to maintain adequate insur-
ance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future.

For additional information with respect to specific proceedings, see
> NOTE 21 in > B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

A.8.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF THE

OVERALL RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four categories Strategic, Operations, Financial and
Compliance. The risks caused by highly competitive environment
continue to be the most significant as in the prior year.

Combined Management Report

Even though the assessments of individual risk exposures have
changed during fiscal 2016 due to developments in the external
environment, effects of our own mitigation measures and the
revision of our plans, the overall risk situation for Siemens did not
change significantly as compared to the prior year.

At present, no risks have been identified that either individually
or in combination could endanger our ability to continue as a
going concern.

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) we regularly iden-
tify, evaluate and respond to opportunities that present them-
selves in our various fields of activity. Below we describe our most
significant opportunities. Unless otherwise stated, the opportu-
nities described below relate to all of our segments. The order in
which the opportunities are presented reflects the currently esti-
mated relative exposure for Siemens associated with these oppor-
tunities and thus provides an indication of the opportunities’
current importance to us. The described opportunities are not
necessarily the only ones we encounter. In addition, our assess-
ment of opportunities is subject to change as our Company, our
markets and technologies are constantly developing. It is also
possible that opportunities we see today will never materialize.

Success from innovation along electrification, automation
and digitalization: Innovation is a central part of Siemens “Vision
2020,” an entrepreneurial concept leading Siemens into the
future in three stages: first we “drive performance,” then we
“strengthen core,” and finally we “scale up” to attain our Vision
2020 goals. We do this by investing significantly in R&D in order
to develop innovative, sustainable solutions for our customers and
to simultaneously safeguard our competitiveness. We are an in-
novative company and invent new technologies that we expect
will meet future demands arising from the megatrends of demo-
graphic change, urbanization, climate change and globalization.
We are granted thousands of new patents every year and contin-
uously develop new concepts and convincing business models.
We open up access to new markets and customers through new
marketing and sales strategies as well as Divisional master plans.
For example, we established next47, an independent unit de-
signed to found, partner with and invest in start-ups with innova-
tive ideas for shaping the future of electrification, automation and
digitalization, and thereby turn those ideas into viable businesses.
This will help Siemens create the next generation of path-break-
ing innovations in such fields as artificial intelligence, decentral-
ized electrification, autonomous machines, block chain applica-
tions and connected e-mobility. Siemens is positioned along the
value chains of electrification, automation and digitalization in
order to increase future market penetration. Along these value


--- Page 32 ---

chains, we have identified several growth fields in which we see
our greatest long-term potential. We are orienting our resource
allocation toward these growth fields and have announced con-
crete measures in this direction. Across all Divisions, Siemens is
profiting from its undisputed strength in the digital enterprise. For
example, the company’s new cloud based MindSphere platform
enhances the availability of customers’ digital products and sys-
tems and improves their productivity and efficiency.

Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships di-
vestments and streamline our portfolio: We constantly monitor
our current and future markets for opportunities for strategic
mergers and acquisitions, equity investments or partnerships to
complement our organic growth. Such activities may help us to
strengthen our position in our existing markets, provide access to
new markets or complement our technological portfolio in selected
areas. Opportunities might also arise from well executed divest-
ments that further optimize our portfolio while generating gains.

Continuously developing and implementing initiatives to
reduce costs, boost sales efforts, adjust capacities, improve
our processes, realize synergies: In an increasingly competitive
market environment, a competitive cost structure complements
the competitive advantage of being innovative. We believe that
further improvements in our cost position can strengthen our
global competitive position and secure our market presence
against emerging and incumbent competitors. For example, we
expect to create sustainable value from productivity measures in
connection with our “Vision 2020” concept. Moreover, establish-
ing a stringent claim management process can help us realize
opportunities by enforcing our claims on our contract partners
even more strongly.

Political stabilization of certain critical countries and resil-
ience of worldwide economic environment: We see an oppor-
tunity that political stabilization of certain critical countries and
lifting of sanctions (e.g. Iran) may lead to higher revenue volume
that was unavailable in past years. Furthermore, a return to more
robust macroeconomic growth could also lead to additional vol-
ume and profit for Siemens.

Excellent project execution: By expanding project management
efforts as well as learning from our mistakes in project execution
through a formalized lessons learned approach, we see an oppor-
tunity to continuously reduce non-conformance costs and ensure
on-time delivery of our projects and solutions. Furthermore, strin-
gent project risk and opportunity management, time schedule
management, performance bonuses and highly professional man-
agement of consortium partners and suppliers all help us to avoid
liquidated damages and ultimately improve our profit position. In
addition, improvements of our claim management processes en-
able us to reduce costs incurred as a result of customer claims by

finding a consensus with customers while also improving cus-
tomer relationship management. At the same time, we reduce
quality problems by proactively addressing supplier issues up front.

Localizing value chain activities: Localizing certain value chain
activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, maintenance
and service in emerging markets, could enable us to reduce costs
and strengthen our global competitive position, in particular
compared to competitors based in countries where they can op-
erate with more favorable cost structures. Moreover, our local
footprint in many countries might help us to take advantage of a
possible growth of markets and leverage a shift in markets, re-
sulting in increased market penetration and market share.

Climate change: While climate change is widely considered a
risk, we consider climate change mitigation an opportunity for
Siemens. In line with the global agreement in Paris (COP21) which
entered into force in November 2016. Siemens strives to support
a trend towards reducing CO2 emissions both in own operations
as well as for our customers based on technologies from our en-
vironmental portfolio, such as low-carbon power generation
from renewable energy sources.

Assessment of the overall opportunities situation: The most
significant opportunity for Siemens is “Success from innovation
along electrification, automation and digitalization” compared to
“Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships and di-
vestments” as disclosed in our prior year reporting. Even though
our assessment of individual opportunities has changed during
fiscal year 2016 due to developments in the external environ-
ment, our endeavors to profit from them and the revision of our
plans, the overall opportunity situation did not change signifi-
cantly compared to the prior year.

A.8.5 Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal
control and risk management system

The following discussion describes information required pursu-
ant to Section 289 (5) and Section 315 (2) no. 5 of the German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and explanatory report.

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal con-
trol and risk management system is to ensure that financial re-
porting is conducted in a proper manner, such that the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report of Siemens group as well as the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG as the parent company are prepared in
accordance with all relevant regulations.

Combined Management Report

33


--- Page 33 ---

34

Our ERM approach is based on COSO's “Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrated Framework”. As one of the objectives of
this framework is reliability of a company’s financial reporting, it
includes an accounting-related perspective. Our accounting-
related internal control system (control system) is based on
the internationally recognized “Internal Control — Integrated
Framework" also developed by COSO. The two systems are com-
plementary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs an eval-
uation of the effectiveness of the implemented control system,
both in design and operating effectiveness. We have a standard-
ized procedure under which necessary controls are defined, doc-
umented in accordance with uniform standards, and tested reg-
ularly on their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent
limitations on the effectiveness of any control system, and no
system, including one determined to be effective, may prevent
or detect all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the basis
of a centrally issued conceptual framework which primarily con-
sists of uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart of
accounts. For Siemens AG and other companies within the
Siemens group required to prepare financial statements in accor-
dance with German Commercial Code, this conceptual frame-
work is complemented by mandatory regulations specific to the
German Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in the con-
ceptual framework due to regulatory changes is analyzed on an
ongoing basis. Accounting departments are informed quarterly
about current topics and deadlines from an accounting and clos-
ing process perspective.

The base data used in preparing our financial statements consists
of the closing data reported by the operations of Siemens AG and
its subsidiaries. The preparation of the closing data of most of our
entities is supported by an internal shared services organization.
Furthermore, other accounting activities, such as governance
and monitoring related activities, are usually bundled on regional

Combined Management Report

level. In particular cases, such as valuations relating to post-
employment benefits, external experts are used. The reported
closing data is used to prepare the financial statements in the
consolidation system. The steps necessary to prepare the financial
statements are subject to both manual and automated controls.

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting process is
ensured through appropriate selection processes and regular
training. As a fundamental principle, based on materiality con-
siderations, the four eyes principle applies and specific proce-
dures must be adhered to for data authorization. Additional con-
trol mechanisms include target-performance comparisons and
analyses of the composition of and changes in individual line
items, both in the closing data submitted by reporting units and
in the Consolidated Financial Statements. In line with our infor-
mation security requirements, accounting-related IT systems
contain defined access rules protecting them from unauthorized
access. The manual and system-based control mechanisms re-
ferred to above generally also apply when reconciling the IFRS
closing data to the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG.

On a quarterly basis, an internal certification process is executed.
Management of different levels of our organization, supported
by confirmations of management of entities under their respon-
sibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data that has been
reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and reports on the
effectiveness of the related control systems.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our financial
reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the control system and
the risk management system, and the adherence to our compli-
ance policies. In addition, the Audit Committee is integrated into
our control system. In particular, it oversees the accounting pro-
cess and the effectiveness of the control system, the risk manage-
ment system and the internal audit system. Furthermore, we have
set up a Disclosure Committee which is responsible for reviewing
certain financial and non-financial information prior to publica-
tion. Moreover, we have rules for accounting-related complaints.


--- Page 34 ---

A.9 Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have been pre-
pared in accordance with the rules set out in the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group. Results
for Siemens AG are significantly influenced by directly or indi-
rectly owned subsidiaries and investments. The business devel-
opment of Siemens AG is fundamentally subject to the same risks
and opportunities as the Siemens Group. Due to the interrela-
tions between Siemens AG and its subsidiaries and the relative
size of Siemens AG within the Group, the outlook of the Group
also largely reflects our expectations for Siemens AG. Therefore,
the foregoing explanations for the Siemens Group apply also for
Siemens AG. We expect that income from investments will sig-
nificantly influence the profit of Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose distri-
bution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to 60%
of net income of the Siemens Group, which we may adjust for this
purpose to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects.

As of September 30, 2016, the number of employees was 94,363.

A.9.1 Results of operations

——————— ~~ ~~~ EEE
Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 % Change
Revenue 25,763 26,454 (3)%
Cost of Sales (19,818) ) 2%
Gross profit 5,945 6,293 (©)%

as percentage of revenue 23% 249
Research and
development expenses (2,454) (2,417) (2)%
Selling and general
administrative expenses (3,558) (3,810) 7%
Other operating income
(expenses), net 134 (270) a
Financial income, net

thereof Income from invest-

ments 3,732 (prior year 8,142) 3,092 49) %
Result from ordinary acti 3,158 (47)%
Income taxes (160) 47%
Net income 2,999 (47)%
Profit carried forward 256 43%
Allocation to other
retained earnings (195) (2,714) 93%
Unappropriated net income 3,060 3,084 (1)%

Revenue decreased moderately as declines of €1.3 billion in En-
ergy Management and €0.2 billion in Power and Gas more than
offset a sharp increase of €0.9 billion in Wind Power and Renew-
ables. On a geographical basis, 73% of revenue was generated in
the Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East region, 18% in the Asia,
Australia region and 9% in the Americas region. Exports from Ger-
many accounted for 64% of overall revenue. In fiscal 2016, orders
for Siemens AG amounted to €28.9 billion. Within Siemens AG,
the development of revenue, primarily in connection with large
orders, depends strongly on the completion of contracts.

Gross profit was lower year-over-year due mainly to declines of
€0.5 billion in Power and Gas and €0.1 billion in Energy Manage-
ment.

Research and development (R&D) expenses as a percentage
of revenue (R&D intensity) increased by one percentage point
year-over year, to 10%. On an average basis, we employed 10,100
people in R&D in fiscal 2016. For additional information see
> A.1.1.3 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.

Other operating income (expenses), net came in higher year-
over-year due to a decrease of €0.5 billion in other operating
expenses, only partly offset by a decline of €0.1 billion in other
operating income. The increase is explained mainly by factors in
the prior year. For comparison, fiscal 2015 included, within other
operating expenses, additions to post-closing provisions in con-
nection with the disposal of businesses.

The decrease in Financial income, net was primarily attributable
to lower income from investments, net which decreased by
€4.4 billion. Other financial income (expenses), net increased by
€1.3 billion compared to the prior year.

Income from investments, net declined due to a decrease of
€2.1 billion in income from profit transfers — in particular from
Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH, which came in €2.0 billion
lower — and an increase of €0.1 billion from losses from the dis-
posal of investments. These factors were only partly offset by an
increase of €0.5 billion from profit distribution — in particular
from Siemens Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH & Co. OHG amount-
ing to €0.9 billion — and a decline of €0.2 billion from impair-
ments on investments. For comparison, fiscal 2015 included a
gain of €2.8 billion on the disposal of Siemens’ stake in BSH.

The improvement in other financial income (expenses), net re-
sulted mainly from a €0.8 billion reduction in expenses from accre-
tion of pension provisions — due to a regulatory change which in-
creased the weighted average discount rate — and froma €0.7 billion
decrease in the realized loss related to interest and foreign currency
derivatives. These positive factors were only partly offset by €0.3
billion lower gains on the realization of monetary balance sheet
items denominated in foreign currencies and provisions for risks in

Combined Management Report

35


--- Page 35 ---

derivatives, which were €0.2 billion higher. For comparison, fiscal
2015 included impairments of loan receivables of Unify Holdings
B.V. and Unify Germany Holdings B.V. amounting to €0.2 billion.

The decline in Income taxes resulted from lower income tax ex-
penses due to the absence of burdens of tax audits from the prior
year as well as tax refunds that arose from positive appeal deci-
sions for prior years in fiscal 2016. That was partly offset by changes
in deferred taxes due primarily to an adjusted discount rate ap-
plied for the provision for Pensions and similar commitments.

A.9.2 Net assets and financial position

————— ~~ _  _ _ EEE
Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30,
(in millions of €) 2016 2015 % Change
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible and tangible assets 2,472 1%
Financial assets 44,611 2%
47,083 46,127 2%
Current assets
Receivables and other assets 16,717 19,492
Cash and cash equivalents,
securities 3,642 3,816 (5)%
20,359 23,308 (13)%
Prepaid expenses 81 83 @)%
Deferred tax assets 2,256 2,333 )%
Active difference
resulting from offsetting 35 29 23%
Total assets 69,814 71,880 )%
Liabilities and equity
Equity 19,368 19,247 1%
Special reserve
with an equity portion 700 708 (1)%
Provisions
Pensions and similar
commitments 11,250 11,553
Other provisions 8,360 7,511
19,610 19,064 3%
Liabilities
Liabilities to banks 14 62 (78) %
Advance payments received 619 887 (30)
Trade payables, liabilities
to affiliated companies
and other liabilities 29,118 31,545 (8)%
29,752 32,494 (8)%
Deferred income 385 367 5%
Total liabilities and equity 69,814 71,880 (3)%

Combined Management Report

Financial assets went up due to a €0.5 billion increase in loans
and an increase of €0.3 billion in shares in affiliated companies.

The decrease in Receivables and other assets was due primarily
to lower receivables from affiliated companies as a result of intra-
group financing activities.

Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are sig-
nificantly affected by the liquidity management of Siemens AG.
The liquidity management is based on the finance strategy of the
Siemens Group. Therefore, the change in liquidity of Siemens AG
was not driven only by business activities of Siemens AG.

The increase in Equity was attributable to net income for the year
of €3.0 billion and issuance of treasury stock of €0.4 billion in
conjunction with our share-based compensation program. These
factors were partly offset by dividends paid in fiscal 2016 (for
fiscal 2015) of €2.8 billion. In addition, equity was reduced due
to share buybacks during the year amounting to €0.4 billion. The
equity ratios at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 28% and 27%,
respectively.

The decrease in Pension and similar commitments resulted
mainly from a €0.8 billion reduction related to the above-men-
tioned adjustments of the discount rate and from lower interest
and service costs, which declined €0.3 billion, partly offset by a
decrease of €0.4 billion in transfers of pension obligations.

Other provisions increased due primarily to higher provisions for
losses from derivative financial transactions, increased tax provi-
sions and higher provisions for personnel costs, each of which
increased by €0.3 billion.

The decrease in Trade payables, liabilities to affiliated compa-
nies and other liabilities was due primarily to lower liabilities to
affiliated companies as a result of intra-group financing activities.

A.9.3 Corporate Governance
statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Section 289a
of the German Commercial Code is an integral part of the Com-
bined Management Report and is presented in => c.4.2 CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 289A OF THE GERMAN
COMMERCIAL CODE.


--- Page 36 ---

A.10 Compensation Report

This report is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code (Code) and the requirements of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), the German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungs Standards)
and the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

A.10.1 Remuneration of Managing
Board members

A.10.1.1 REMUNERATION SYSTEM

The remuneration system for the Siemens Managing Board is in-
tended to provide an incentive for successful corporate manage-
ment with an emphasis on sustainability. Managing Board mem-
bers are expected to make a long-term commitment to and on
behalf of the Company and may benefit from any sustained in-
crease in the Company’s value. For this reason, a substantial
portion of their total remuneration is linked to the long-term
performance of Siemens stock. Their remuneration is to be com-
mensurate with the Company's size and economic position. Ex-
ceptional achievements are to be rewarded adequately, while
falling short of targets is to result in an appreciable reduction in
remuneration. Their compensation is also structured so as to be
attractive in comparison to that of competitors, with a view to
attracting outstanding managers to the Company and retaining
them for the long term.

The system and levels for the Managing Board’s remuneration are
determined and regularly reviewed by the full Supervisory Board,
based on proposals by the Compensation Committee. The Super-
visory Board reviews remuneration levels annually to ensure that
they are appropriate. In this process, the Company’s economic
situation, performance and outlook as well as the tasks and per-
formance of the individual Managing Board members are taken
into account. In addition, the Supervisory Board considers the
common level of remuneration in comparison with peer compa-
nies and with the compensation structure in place in other areas
of the Company. It also takes due account of the relationship
between the Managing Board’s remuneration and that of senior
management and staff, both overall and with regard to its devel-
opment over time. For this purpose, the Supervisory Board has
also determined how senior management and the relevant staff
are to be differentiated. The remuneration system that has been
in place for Managing Board members since fiscal 2015 was ap-
proved at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015.
The individual components of compensation — base compensa-
tion, variable compensation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based
compensation — are weighted equally, and each comprises about
one-third of target compensation. This equal weighting is also
applied to the three target parameters of variable compensation.

Remuneration system for Managing Board members

Target compensation

|— Stock-based
component
(Stock Awards):
max. 300% of
target amount

Long-term stock-based compensation
> Target parameter: stock price
|_ "compared to 5 competitors

> Variability: 0-200% Bonus: 0-200%

[- add. +20%
S adjustment
Variable compensation (Bonus)
> 3 targets - one-third each
| > Variability: O-200%
add. + 20% adjustment
|_ Base Base

compensation compensation

Performance-based component with deferred payout

Non-performance-based component

Maximum amounts of compensation

Share Ownership Guidelines

President

and CEO:

3 times base
compensation

Compensation
[__ overall
max. 1.7 times
target compensation
Managing
Board
member:
2 times
Base
compensation

base com-
pensation

ME Performance-based component

lm Obligation to hold shares during term of office on the Managing Board

Combined Management Report

37


--- Page 37 ---

38

In fiscal 2016, the Managing Board’s remuneration system had
the following components:

Non-performance-based components

Base compensation

Base compensation is paid as a monthly salary. Since October 1,
2015, the base compensation of President and CEO Joe Kaeser
has amounted to €2,034,000 per year. The base compensation
of the CFO and of those members of the Managing Board who
are responsible for Divisions (including Healthineers) has been
€1,042,800 per year. For the other member of the Managing
Board, it has been €988,800 per year.

Fringe benefits

Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equivalent, of non-
monetary benefits and other perquisites, such as the provision of
a company car, contributions toward the cost of insurance, the
reimbursement of expenses for legal advice and tax advice, ac-
commodation and moving expenses, including a gross-up for any
taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments and costs
relating to preventive medical examinations.

Performance-based components

Variable compensation (Bonus)

Variable compensation (Bonus) is based on the Company’s busi-
ness performance in the past fiscal year. The Bonus depends on
an equal one-third weighting of target achievement of the target
parameters return on capital employed, earnings per share and
individual targets. To achieve a consistent target system Compa-
ny-wide, corresponding targets — in addition to other factors —
also apply to senior managers.

For 100% target achievement (target amount), the amount of the
Bonus equals the amount of base compensation. The Bonus is
subject to a ceiling (cap) of 200%. If targets are substantially
missed, variable compensation may not be paid at all (0%).

At its duty-bound discretion, the Supervisory Board may revise
the amount resulting from target achievement upward or down-
ward by as much as 20%; the adjusted amount of the Bonus paid
can thus be as much as 240% of the target amount. In choosing
the factors to be considered in deciding on possible revisions of
the Bonus payouts (+20%), the Supervisory Board takes account
of incentives for sustainable corporate management. Decisions
to make discretionary adjustments may take factors such as the
results of an employee survey or a customer satisfaction survey
into account as well as the Company's economic situation. The
revision option may also be exercised in recognition of Managing
Board members’ individual achievements. The Bonus is paid en-
tirely in cash.

Combined Management Report

Long-term stock-based compensation

Long-term stock-based compensation consists of a grant of for-
feitable stock commitments (Stock Awards) at the beginning of
the fiscal year. Beneficiaries receive one free share of Siemens
stock per Stock Award after an approximately four-year restriction
period and subject to target achievement. If the employment
agreement begins during the fiscal year, an equivalent number
of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards will be granted instead of
Stock Awards. In lieu of a transfer of shares, only a cash equiva-
lent is given at the end of the restriction period for Siemens Phan-
tom Stock Awards. Beyond that, the same provisions agreed upon
for Siemens Stock Awards apply. In the event of extraordinary
unforeseen developments that impact the share price, the Super-
visory Board may decide to reduce the number of promised Stock
Awards retroactively, or it may decide that in lieu of a transfer of
Siemens stock only a cash settlement in a defined and limited
amount will be paid, or it may decide to postpone transfers of
Siemens stock for payable Stock Awards until the developments
have ceased to impact the share price.

In the event of 100% target achievement, the annual target
amount for the monetary value of the Stock Awards commitment
is €2,120,000 for the President and CEO (effective October 1,
2015). For the CFO and for those members of the Managing
Board who are responsible for Divisions (including Healthineers)
it is €1,080,000. For the other member of the Managing Board,
it is €1,040,000. Since fiscal 2015, the Supervisory Board has had
the option of increasing the target amount for each member of
the Managing Board, on an individual basis, by as much as 75%
for one fiscal year at a time. This option enables the Supervisory
Board to take account of each Managing Board member's indi-
vidual accomplishments and experience as well as the scope and
demands of his or her position.

Long-term stock-based compensation is linked to the performance
of Siemens stock compared to its competitors. The Supervisory
Board will decide on a target system (target value for 100% and
target line) for the performance of Siemens stock relative to the
stock of — at present — five competitors (ABB, General Electric,
Rockwell, Schneider Electric and Toshiba). If significant changes
occur among these competitors during the period under consid-
eration, the Supervisory Board may take these changes into ac-
count, as appropriate, in determining the values for comparison
and/or calculating the relevant stock prices of those competitors.

Changes in the share price are measured on the basis of a twelve-
month reference period (compensation year) over three years
(performance period), while Stock Awards are restricted for a
period of four years. When this restriction period expires, the
Supervisory Board determines how much better or worse
Siemens stock has performed relative to the stock of its compet-
itors. This determination yields a target achievement of between


--- Page 38 ---

0% and 200% (cap). If target attainment is above 100%, an addi-
tional cash payment corresponding to the outperformance will
be made. If target attainment is less than 100%, a number of
stock commitments equivalent to the shortfall from the target
will expire without replacement.

The value of the Siemens stock to be transferred for Stock Awards
after the end of the restriction period is subject to a ceiling of

300% of the respective target amount. If this maximum amount
of compensation is exceeded, the corresponding entitlement to
stock commitments will be forfeited without replacement.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
principles apply in general to the Managing Board and to senior
managers. These principles are discussed in more detail in
> NOTE 25 in > B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Transparency through simplicity:
Three equally balanced components within the remuneration system and three equally balanced targets within the Bonus

ve

Base compensation

‘3

Variable compensation
(Bonus)

‘Ys
Long-term

stock-based compensation
(Siemens Stock Awards)

V3 Ys V3
ROCE Earnings || Individual Performance of Siemens stock
per share targets compared to 5 competitors

Maximum amount for compensation overall

In addition to the maximum amounts of compensation for vari-
able compensation and long-term stock-based compensation, a
maximum amount for compensation overall has been defined.
Since fiscal 2014, this amount cannot be more than 1.7 times
higher than target compensation. Target compensation comprises
base compensation, the target amount for variable compensation
and the target amount for long-term stock-based compensation,
excluding fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments.
When fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments for a
given fiscal year are included, the maximum amount of compen-
sation overall for that year will increase accordingly.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part of
the remuneration system for the Managing Board and senior ex-
ecutives. These guidelines require that — after a specified buildup
phase — Managing Board members hold Siemens stock worth a
multiple of their base compensation — 300% for the President
and CEO, 200% for the other members of the Managing Board —
throughout their terms of office on the Managing Board. The
determining figure in this context is the average base compensa-
tion that a member of the Managing Board has received over the
four years before the applicable dates of proof of compliance.

Changes that have been made to base compensation in the mean-
time are included. Non-forfeitable stock commitments (Bonus
Awards) which were granted until fiscal 2014 are taken into
account in determining compliance with the Share Ownership
Guidelines.

Compliance with these guidelines must be proven for the first
time after a four-year buildup phase. Thereafter, it must be proven
annually. If the value of a Managing Board member’s accrued
holdings declines below the required minimum due to fluctua-
tions in the market price of Siemens stock, he or she must acquire
additional shares.

Pension benefit commitments

Like employees of Siemens AG, the members of the Managing
Board are included in the Siemens Defined Contribution Benefit
Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, Managing Board members receive
contributions that are credited to their personal pension accounts.
The amount of these annual contributions is based on a pre-
determined percentage related to their base compensation and
the target amount for their Bonuses. This percentage is decided
upon annually by the Supervisory Board. Most recently it was
set at 28%. In making its decisions, the Supervisory Board takes
account of the intended level of provision for each individual and

Combined Management Report

39


--- Page 39 ---

40

the length of time he or she has been a Managing Board member
as well as the annual and long-term expense to the Company
resulting from that provision. The non-forfeitability of pension
benefit commitments is determined in compliance with the pro-
visions of the German Company Pensions Act (Betriebsrentenge-
setz). Special contributions may be granted to Managing Board
members on the basis of individual decisions by the Supervisory
Board. If a member of the Managing Board earned a pension ben-
efit entitlement from the Company before the BSAV was intro-
duced, a portion of his or her contributions went toward
financing that prior commitment.

Managing Board members are eligible to receive benefits under
the BSAV at the age of 60 or — in the case of benefit commitments
made on or after January 1, 2012 — the age of 62. As a rule, the
accrued pension benefit balance is paid out to Managing Board
members in twelve annual installments. A Managing Board mem-
ber or his or her surviving dependents may also request that his
or her pension benefit balance be paid out in fewer installments
or as alump sum, subject to the Company’s consent. The accrued
pension benefit balance may also be paid out as a pension. As a
further alternative, Managing Board members may choose to
combine pension payments with payments in one to twelve install-
ments. If the pension option is chosen, a decision must be made
as to whether the payout should include pensions for surviving
dependents. If a member of the Managing Board dies while receiv-
ing a pension, benefits will be paid to his or her surviving depen-
dents if the member has chosen such benefits. The Company will
then provide a limited-term pension to surviving children until
they reach the age of 27 or, in the case of benefit commitments
made on or after January 1, 2007, until they reach the age of 25.

Benefits from the retirement benefit system that was in place
before the BSAV was established are normally granted as pension
benefits with a surviving dependent'’s pension. In this case also,
payout in installments or a lump-sum payment may be chosen
instead of pension payments.

Like other eligible employees of Siemens AG, Managing Board
members who were employed by the Company on or before Sep-
tember 30, 1983, are entitled to receive transition payments for
the first six months after retirement, equal to the difference be-
tween their final base compensation and the retirement benefits
payable under the corporate pension plan if they retire immedi-
ately after the termination of their Managing Board membership.
The provisions of the German Company Pensions Act (Betriebs-
rentengesetz) do not apply to this benefit.

Commitments in connection with the termination
of Managing Board membership

Managing Board employment contracts provide for a compensa-
tory payment if membership on the Managing Board is termi-

Combined Management Report

nated prematurely by mutual agreement and without serious
cause. The amount of this payment must not exceed the value of
two years’ compensation and compensate no more than the re-
maining term of the contract (cap). The amount of the compen-
satory payment is calculated on the basis of base compensation,
together with the variable compensation and the long-term
stock-based compensation actually received during the last fiscal
year before termination. The compensatory payment is payable
in the month when the member leaves the Managing Board. In
addition, a one-time special contribution is made to the BSAV.
The amount of this contribution is based on the BSAV contribu-
tion that the Managing Board member received in the previous
year and on the remaining term of his or her appointment, but
is limited to not more than two years’ contributions (cap). The
above benefits are not paid if an amicable termination of the
member's activity on the Managing Board is agreed upon at the
member's request, or if there is serious cause for the Company
to terminate the employment relationship.

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in a Managing Board member's position — for example,
due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Manag-
ing Board member's duties and responsibilities — the Managing
Board member has the right to terminate his or her contract with
the Company. A change of control exists if one or more share-
holders acting jointly or in concert acquire a majority of the vot-
ing rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling influence or if
Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a result of enter-
ing into an intercompany agreement within the meaning of Sec-
tion 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or
if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing corporation or
other entity. If this right of termination is exercised, the Manag-
ing Board member is entitled to a severance payment in the
amount of not more than two years’ compensation. The calcula-
tion of the annual compensation will include not only the base
compensation and the target amount for the Bonus, but also the
target amount for Stock Awards, in each case based on the most
recent fiscal year completed prior to the termination of the mem-
ber’s contract. The stock-based components for which a firm
commitment already exists will remain unaffected. There is no
entitlement to a severance payment if the Managing Board mem-
ber receives benefits from third parties in connection with a
change of control. Moreover, there is no right to terminate if the
change of control occurs within a period of twelve months prior
to a Managing Board member's retirement.

Compensatory or severance payments also cover non-monetary
benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total compensation
or severance amount. Compensatory or severance payments will
be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for discounted val-
ues and for income earned elsewhere. However, this reduction
will apply only to the portion of the compensatory or severance


--- Page 40 ---

payment that was calculated without taking into account the first
six months of the remaining term of the Managing Board mem-
ber’s employment contract.

Stock commitments that were made as long-term stock-based
compensation and for which the restriction period is still in effect
will be forfeited without replacement if the employment agree-
ment is not extended after the end of an appointment period,
either at the Managing Board member's request or because there
is serious cause that would have entitled the Company to revoke
the appointment or terminate the contract. However, once
granted, Stock Awards are not forfeited if the employment agree-
ment is terminated by mutual agreement at the Company’s re-
quest, or because of retirement, disability or death or in connec-
tion with a spinoff, the transfer of an operation, or a change of
activity within the corporate group. In these cases, the Stock
Awards will remain in effect upon termination of the employ-
ment agreement and will be honored on expiration of the restric-
tion period.

A.10.1.2 REMUNERATION OF MANAGING BOARD
MEMBERS FOR FISCAL 2016

At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board set the
target parameters return on capital employed (ROCE) and earn-

ings per share (EPS) for all members of the Managing Board, in
each case on the basis of continuing and discontinued opera-
tions. The target values for the EPS component were defined on
a multi-year basis. In defining the target for variable compensa-
tion, the Supervisory Board also defined individual targets so as
to take fuller account of the individual performance of each Man-
aging Board member. As a rule, up to five individual targets were
defined for this purpose. These targets take account of business-
related targets such as market coverage and business perfor-
mance as well as targets such as customer and employee satis-
faction, innovation and sustainability. An internal review of the
appropriateness of Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2016
has confirmed that the remuneration of the Managing Board re-
sulting from target achievement for fiscal 2016 is to be consid-
ered appropriate. In light of this review and following a review of
the achievement of the targets defined at the beginning of the
fiscal year, the Supervisory Board has decided to define the
amounts of variable compensation, stock commitments and pen-
sion benefit contributions as follows:

Variable compensation (Bonus)
The following targets were set and attained with respect to the
two target parameters ROCE and EPS for variable compensation:

Target parameter

100% of target Actual FY 2016 figure Target achievement

Return on capital employed, ROCE*

12.76% 1

Earnings per share, basic EPS' (02014-2016)

1. Continuing and discontinued operations.

The achievement of individual targets was also taken into ac-
count when determining overall target achievement. In its overall
assessment, the Supervisory Board decided not to make any dis-
cretionary adjustments to the Bonus payout amounts. In fiscal
2016, Bonus-related target achievement by Managing Board
members was between 126.34% and 136.33%.

Long-term stock-based compensation

Since beneficiaries are not entitled to receive dividends, the num-
ber of stock commitments granted was based on the closing
price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on the date of award less
the present value of dividends expected during the restriction
period. The share price used to determine the number of stock
commitments was €75.60 (2015: €72.30).

Total compensation

On the basis of the Supervisory Board's decisions described
above, Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2016 totaled
€28.90 million, an increase of 5.4% (2015: €27.42 million). Of this
total amount, €20.19 million (2015: €19.56 million) was attribut-
able to cash compensation and €8.71 million (2015: €7.86 mil-
lion) to stock-based compensation.

The compensation presented on the following pages was granted
to the members of the Managing Board for fiscal 2016 (individual
disclosure). Due to rounding, the figures presented in the table
may not add up precisely to the totals provided.

Combined Management Report

41


--- Page 41 ---

Ie
Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2016

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-
based components

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

Fringe benefits"
Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) - Target amount

with long-term incentive effect,
stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards*
(restriction period: 4 years)

Total®
Service Cost
Total (Code)

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2016, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted to €28.90 million
(2015: €27.42 million). The payout amount presented below is to be used instead of the target value according to the Code for one-year variable
compensation. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) — Payout amount

Total compensation

Ie
Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2016

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-
based components

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

Fringe benefits"
Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) - Target amount

with long-term incentive effect,
stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation?
Siemens Stock Awards*
(restriction period: 4 years)

Total®
Service Cost
Total (Code)

Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2016, in accordance with the applicable reporting standards, amounted to €28.90 million
(2015: €27.42 million). The payout amount presented below is to be used instead of the target value according to the Code for one-year variable
compensation. Service costs for pension benefits are not included.

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect,
non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation
(Bonus) — Payout amount

Total compensation

\ge benefits include the costs, or the cash equivalent,
of non-monetary benefits and other perquisites, such as
the provision of company cars in the amount of €159,687
(2015: €158,131), contributions toward the cost of insur-
ance in the amount of €139,795 (2015: €134,170), the
reimbursement of expenses for legal advice and tax advice,
accommodation and moving expenses, including any
taxes due in his regard, currency adjustment payments
and costs relating to preventive medical examinations
in the amount of €765,327 (2015: €330,620).

2 The figures for individual maximums for multi-year vari-
able compensation reflect the possible maximum value in
accordance with the maximum amount agreed upon for
fiscal 2016 - that is, 300% of the applicable target amount.

Combined Management Report

The expenses recognized for stock-based compensation
for members of the Managing Board in accordance with
the IFRS in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 amounted to
+€8,294,921 and €8,109,155, respectively. The following
amounts pertained to the members of the Managing
Board in fiscal 2016: Joe Kaeser €2,378,584 (2015:
+€2,003,783), Dr. Roland Busch €1,283,779 (2015:
€1,129,224), Lisa Davis €698,432 (2015: €284,928), Klaus
Helmrich €1,284,349 (2015: €1,076,237), Janina Kugel
+€704,026 (2015: €140,185), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm
£€1,302,593 (2015: €1,239,596), and Dr. Ralf P. Thomas
+€872,394 (2015: €516,915). The corresponding expense,
determined in the same way, for former Managing Board

members was as follows: Brigitte Ederer ~ €42,052 (2015:

+€105,227), Barbara Kux — €42,052 (2015: €105,227), Peter
Loscher — €103,403 (2015: €230,387), Prof. Dr. Hermann
Requardt — €5,624 (2015: €1,107,522), Peter Y. Solmssen —
+€35,857 (2015: €141,258 ), and Dr. Michael SuB - €248
(2015: €28,666). In fiscal 2016, the development of the
OSRAM share price lead to a respective adjustment of the
OSRAM cash compensation and thus to earnings in the
amount of €301,027. Especially for former Managing
Board members those earnings are evident, since they
were set off against the usual liabilities arising from other
share based payments and with respect to former Manag-
ing Board members, no essential amount of accruals has
been built up for the remaining tranches.


--- Page 42 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis’ Klaus Helmrich

President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016

2015 2016 = (min) ~— (max) 2015 2016 = (min) (max) 2015 2016 = (min) ~— (max) 2015 2016 = (min) ~— (max)

1,878 2,034 2,034 2,034 1,010 1,043 1,043 1,043 1,010 1,043 1,043 1,043. 1,010 1,043 1,043 1,043

102 102 102 102 53 55 55 55 227 683 683 683 42 48 48 48

1,980 2,136 2,136 2,136 1,063 1,098 1,098 1,098 1,238 1,726 1,726 1,726 1,052 1,091 1,091 1,091

1,878 2,034 0 4882 1,010 1,043 0 2,503 1,010 1,043 0 2,503 1,010 1,043 0 2,503

1,871 2,158 0 6,360 998 1,099 0 3,240 998 1,099 0 3,240 998 1,099 0 3,240

5,729 6,328 2,136 10,520 3,071 3,240 1,098 5,382 3,246 3,868 1,726 5,382 3,061 3,233 1,091 5,382

1,096 1,101 1,101 1,101 604 603 603 603 611 576 576 576 604 602 602 602

6,825 7,428 3,236 11,620 3,675 3,843 1,700 5,984 3,857 4,443 2,301 5,957 3,664 3,835 1,693 5,984
2,683 2,773 1,444 1,387 1,477 1,387 1,376 1,370

6,535 3,505 3,713 3,427

Janina Kugel

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm

Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Managing Board member Managing Board member CFO
2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016
2015 2016 = (min) (max) 2015 2016 = (min) ~— (max) 2015 2016 = (min) — (max)
626 989 989 989 1,010 1,043 1,043 1,043 1,010 1,043 1,043 1,043
25 39 39 39 78 78 78 78 67 61 61 61
651 1,027 1,027 1,027 1,088 1,121 1,121 1,121 1,078 1,104 1,104 1,104
626 989 0 2,373. 1,010 1,043 0 2,503 1,010 1,043 0 2,503
665 1,059 0 3,120 998 1,099 0 3,240 998 1,099 0 3,240
1,942 3,075 1,027 5,130 3,097 3,263 «1,121 5,382 3,086 += 3,246 = 1,104 ‘5,382
103 530 530 530 603 602 602 602 604 603 603 603
2,045 3,604 1,557 5,660 3,700 3,865 1,723 5,983 3,690 3,849 1,707 5,984
1,376 1,317 1,410 1,370
3,463 3,538 3,486 573

1

For Stock Awards granted in fiscal 2016, target attainment
depends solely on the performance of Siemens stock compared
to defined competitors. The monetary values relating to 100%
target achievement were €8,560,190 (2015: €8,190,219). The
amounts for individual Managing Board members were as
follows: Joe Kaeser €2,120,051 (2015: €1,950,003), Dr. Roland
Busch €1,080,022 (2015: €1,040,036), Lisa Davis €1,080,022
(2015: €1,040,036), Klaus Helmrich €1,080,022 (2015:
+€1,040,036), Janina Kugel €1,040,029 (2015: €693,357),

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm €1,080,022 (2015: €1,040,036),

Dr. Ralf P. Thomas €1,080,022 (2015: €1,040,036) and for former
Managing Board member Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt €0 (2015:
€346,679).

5. Total maximum compensation for fiscal 2016 represents the

7. Ms. Davis's compensation

id out in Germany in euros. It has

contractual maximum amount for overall compensation, exclud-

ing fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments. At 1.7
times target compensation (base compensation, target amount
for the Bonus and the target amount for long-term stock-based
compensation), the maximum amount is less than the total of
the individual contractual caps for performance-based compo-
nents.

& Total compensation reflects the current fair value of stock-based
compensation components on the award date. On the basis of
the current monetary values of stock-based compensation
components, total compensation amounted to €28,747,477

(2015: €27,756,633).

been agreed that any tax liability that arises due to tax rates that
are higher in Germany than in the U.S. will be reimbursed. For
base compensation of calendar year 2015 as well as for the
Bonus of fiscal 2015, a currency-adjustment payment was
granted.

Combined Management Report

43


--- Page 43 ---

44

Allocations

multi-year variable compensation granted for fiscal 2016 and

The following table shows allocations for fiscal 2016 for fixed | shown above, this table includes the actual figure for multi-year
compensation, fringe benefits, one-year variable compensation _ variable compensation granted in previous years and allocated in
and multi-year variable compensation — by reference year — as _ fiscal 2016. Due to rounding, the figures presented in the table
well as the expense of pension benefits. In deviation from the | may not add up precisely to the totals provided.

Ie
Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2016

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance-
based components

Fixed compensation (base compensation)

Fringe benefits"

Total

Performance-based
components

without long-term incentive effect, non-stock-based

One-year variable compensation (Bonus) — Payout amount?

with long-term incentive effect, stock-based

Multi-year variable compensation

Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2011 - 2015)?
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2011 - 2015)*

Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2013 - 2015)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2012 — 2014)

Other>

Total

Service Cost

Total (Code)

Ie
Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2016

(Amounts in thousands of €)

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)
based components Fringe benefits"
Total
Performance-based without long-term incentive effect, non-stock-based One-year variable compensation (Bonus) — Payout amount?
components with long-term incentive effect, stock-based Multi-year variable compensation
Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2011 - 2015)?
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2011 - 2015)*
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2013 - 2015)
Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2012 - 2014)
Other>
Total

Service Cost

Total (Code)

1. Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equivalent,
of non-monetary benefits and other perquisites, such as
the provision of company cars in the amount of €159,687
(2015: €158,131), contributions toward the cost of insur-
ance in the amount of €139,795 (2015: €134,170), the
reimbursement of expenses for legal advice and tax
advice, accommodation and moving expenses, including

Combined Management Report

any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment pay- 3 Starting with the Siemens Stock Awards tranche of 2011,
ments and costs relating to preventive medical examina- the restriction period was extended from three to four
tions in the amount of €765,327 (2015: €330,620). years. Shares from the Siemens Stock Awards 2011 were

thus only transferred in November 2015. Therefore, no
allocation for Siemens Stock Awards was made in fiscal
2015. For one half of these Stock Awards target attainment
depended on the EPS for the past three fiscal years and

The payout amount of one-year variable compensation
(Bonus) presented above therefore represents the amount,
awarded for fiscal 2016, which will be paid out in January
2017.


--- Page 44 ---

Joe Kaeser Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis Klaus Helmrich

President and CEO Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
2,034 1,878 1,043 1,010 1,043 1,010 1,043 1,010
102 102 55 53 683 227 48 42
2,136 1,980 1,098 1,063 1,726 1,238 1,091 1,052
2,773 2,683 1,387 1,444 1,387 1,477 1,370 1,376
2,310 0 1,259 0 0 0 1,301 0
903 555, 0 0 0 598 0
1,407 0 703 0 0 0 703 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

97 53 0 t) 0 55 0
7,316 4,664 3,797 2,507 3,113 2,715 3,816 2,429
1,101 1,096 603 604 576 611 602 604
8,416 5,760 4,399 3,111 3,688 3,326 4,418 3,032

Janina Kugel

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm

Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

amounted to 114%, For the other half, target attainment
was linked to the performance of Siemens stock compared
to defined competitors during the four-year vesting period.
Itamounted to 0%. Siemens Stock Awards 2011 that had
already been granted were thus forfeited without replace-

‘ment in accordance with the plan rules.

Managing Board member Managing Board member CFO
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
989 626 1,043 1,010 1,043 1,010
39 25 78 78 61 67
1,027 651 1,121 1,088 1,104 1,078
1,282 832 1,317 1,376 1,370 1,410
oO 0 2,310 465 177

oO 0 903 oO 397 oO

oO 0 1,407 0 oO oO

oO 0 0 oO 67 oO

oO 0 0 oO oO 177

oO 0 97 oO 20 oO
2,309 1,482 4,845 2,465 2,958 2,665
530 103 602 603 603 604
2,839 1,586 5,447 3,068 3,561 3,269

‘One half of the Bonus for fiscal 2011 was granted in the
form of non-forfeitable awards of Siemens stock (Bonus
Awards). After the expiration of the four-year waiting
period in November 2015, the beneficiaries received one
share of Siemens stock for each Bonus Award.

5. “Other” includes the adjustment of the Siemens Stock
‘Awards 2011 and Bonus Awards 2011 (transfer in Novem-
ber 2015) in accordance with Section 23 and Section 125 of
the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz)
due to the spin-off of OSRAM.

Combined Management Report

45


--- Page 45 ---

Pension benefit commitments

For fiscal 2016, the members of the Managing Board were granted
contributions under the BSAV totaling €4.6 million (2015: €4.8 mil-
lion), based on a resolution of the Supervisory Board dated No-
vember 9, 2016. Of this amount, €0.1 million (2015: €0.1 million)
related to the funding of pension commitments earned prior to
transfer to the BSAV.

The contributions under the BSAV are added to the personal pen-
sion accounts each January, following the close of the fiscal year.
Until a beneficiary’s date of retirement, his or her pension ac-
count is credited with an annual interest payment (guaranteed
interest) on January 1 of each year. The interest rate is currently
1.25%.

The following table shows individualized details of the contribu-

tions (allocations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2016 as well as the
defined benefit obligations for pension commitments.

Total Defined benefit obligation? for all pension
contributions? for commitments excluding deferred compensation*
(Amounts in €) 2016 2015 2016 2015
Managing Board members
serving as of September 30, 2016
Joe Kaeser 1,139,040 10,391,542
Dr. Roland Busch 583,968 4,342,427
Lisa Davis 583,968 3,817,196
Klaus Helmrich 583,968 4,607,800
Janina Kugel 553,728 1,084,971
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 583,968 6,083,534
Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 583,968 4,297,199
Total’ 4,612,608 4,231,360 34,624,669 26,437,481

46

Compared to the amount presented in the 2015 Compensa-

ments under the BSAV in fiscal 201

tion Report, the total figure for 2015 does not include the
contribution of €565,824 for former Managing Board
member Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt or this defined benefit,
obligation of €6,977,620.

€4,615,543 (2015: €4,804,639).

2. The expenses (service cost) recognized in accordance with
the IFRS in fiscal 2016 for Managing Board members’ entitle-

In fiscal 2016, former members of the Managing Board and their
surviving dependents received emoluments within the meaning
of Section 314 para. 1 No.6 b of the German Commercial Code
totaling €52.3 million (2015: €30.5 million). This figure includes
the lump-sum payments of the pension benefit balance of the
former Managing Board members Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt
and Peter Y. Solmssen. In the case of Mr. Solmssen, the special
contribution to the pension benefit balance allocated in Janu-
ary 2009 in the amount of €10.518 million takes effect. This
special contribution was promised at appointment to compen-
sate him for short-term and long-term pecuniary disadvantages
with his former employer. The figure also includes the agreed-
upon cash settlement for Stock Awards granted in the past to
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt.

Combined Management Report

The defined benefit obligations reflect one-time special
contributions to the BSAV for new appointments from
outside the Company and for special contributions in
connection with departures from the Managing Board,
amounting to €0 (2015: €279,552).

16 amounted to 4. Deferred compensation totals €3,829,397 (2015: €4,947,717),

including €3,428,243 for Joe Kaeser (2015: €3,207,002),
+€343,953 for Klaus Helmrich (2015: €305,023) and €57,201
for Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2015: €49,794) as well as €0 (2015:
+€1,385,898) for former Managing Board member

Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt.

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension commitments
to former members of the Managing Board and their surviving
dependents as of September 30, 2016, amounted to €216,3 (2015:
€228.3) million. This figure is included in -> note 16 in > B.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Other
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Managing Board.


--- Page 46 ---

A.10.1.3 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION INSTRUMENTS
IN FISCAL 2016

Stock commitments

The following table shows the changes in the balance of the
stock commitments held by Managing Board members in fiscal
2016:

Vested and
Granted fulfilled Forfeited
Balance at beginning of during during during Balance at end of
fiscal 2016 fiscal year’ fiscal year fiscal year? fiscal 2016?
Non- Non-

forfeitable Forfeitable Forfeitable Commitments forfeitable Forfeitable

commitments commitments commitments of Bonus Commitments commitments commitments

of Bonus of Stock of Stock Awards and of Stock of Bonus of Stock

(Amounts in number of units) Awards Awards Awards Stock Awards ‘Awards Awards Awards

Managing Board members

serving as of September 30, 2016

Joe Kaeser 41,025 129,425 25,273 25,631 138,923

Dr. Roland Busch 27,122 72,383 13,773 19,425 75,263

Lisa Davis 576 38,975 576 53,261

Klaus Helmrich 27,233 73,254 5,737 19,536 75,263

Janina Kugel - 15,655 - 29,412

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 35,437 82,892 25,273 8,666 20,043 78,633

Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 5,030 51,124 14,286 3,813 5,030 57,250

Total 136,423 463,708 113,230 32,212 90,241 508,005

The weighted average fair value as of the grant date for
fiscal 2016 was €76.95 per granted share.

2. For one half of the Stock Awards 2011, target attainment
depended on the EPS value for the past three fiscal years

‘was linked to the performance of Siemens stock compared
to defined competitors during the four-year vesting period.
Itamounted to 0%. Siemens Stock Awards 2011 that had

already been granted were thus forfeited without replace-

3 Amounts also include stock commitments (Stock Awards)
granted in November 2015 for fiscal 2016. These amounts
‘may further include stock commitments received as com-
pensation by the Managing Board member before joining

and amounted to 114%. For the other half, target attainment

Shares from the Share Matching Plan

Fiscal 2011 was the last year in which Managing Board members
were entitled to participate in the Siemens Share Matching Plan.
Under the plan, they were entitled to invest up to 50% of the
annual gross amount of their variable cash compensation, as de-
termined for fiscal 2010, in Siemens shares. After the expiration
of a vesting period of approximately three years, plan partici-
pants are entitled to receive one free matching share of Siemens
stock for every three Siemens shares acquired and continuously
held under the plan, provided the participants were employed
without interruption at Siemens AG or a Siemens company until

ment in accordance with the plan rules.

the Managing Board.

the end of the vesting period. At the beginning of fiscal 2016, the
following members of the Managing Board had entitlements to
matching shares, which they had acquired before joining the
Managing Board: Dr. Ralf P. Thomas, 780 shares and Janina Kugel,
three shares. In fiscal 2016, no entitlements to matching shares
were acquired. In fiscal 2016, the following entitlements to
matching shares were due: 780 shares, Dr. Ralf P. Thomas. During
fiscal 2016, no entitlements to matching shares were forfeited.
Entitlements to matching shares at the end of fiscal 2016 show
the following balance: Janina Kugel, three shares with a fair value
of €174.

Combined Management Report

47


--- Page 47 ---

48

Share Ownership Guidelines

The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board members
must provide first-time proof of compliance with the Siemens
Share Ownership Guidelines vary from member to member, de-
pending on when he or she was appointed to the Managing

Board. The following table shows the number of Siemens shares

that were held by Managing Board members in office at Septem-
ber 30, 2016, as of the March 2016 deadline for proving compli-
ance with the Share Ownership Guidelines as well as the number
that are to be held permanently with a view to future deadlines.

Obligations under Share Ownership Guidelines

Required Proven
Percentage Percentage
of base Number of base Number
(Amounts in number of units or €) compensation’ Value’ of shares? compensation" Value? of shares?
Managing Board members serving
as of September 30, 2016, and required
to show proof as of March 11, 2016
Joe Kaeser 300% 4,656,938 51,732 604% 9,371,982 104,110
Dr. Roland Busch 200% 1,967,900 21,861 324% 3,190,849 35,446
Klaus Helmrich 200% 1,934,150 21,486 350% 3,388,083 37,637
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 200% 1,967,900 21,861 747% 7,354,814 81,702
Total 10,526,888 116,940 23,305,728 258,895

1 The amount of the obligation is based on the average base
compensation for the four years prior to the respective dates
of proof.

Combined Management Report

2 Based on the average Xetra opening price of €90.02 for the
fourth quarter of 2015 (October — December).

3. As of March 11, 2016 (date of proof), including Bonus

Awards.


--- Page 48 ---

A.10.2, Remuneration of Supervisory
Board members

The current remuneration policies for the Supervisory Board were
authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on Janu-
ary 28, 2014, and are effective as of fiscal 2014. Details are set out
in Section 17 of the Articles of Association of Siemens AG. The
remuneration of the Supervisory Board consists entirely of fixed
compensation; it reflects the responsibilities and scope of the
work of the Supervisory Board members. The Chairman and Dep-
uty Chairmen of the Supervisory Board as well as the Chairmen
and members of the Audit Committee, the Chairman's Commit-
tee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance Committee
and the Innovation and Finance Committee receive additional
compensation.

Under current rules, the members of the Supervisory Board re-
ceive an annual base compensation of €140,000; the Chair-
man of the Supervisory Board receives a base compensation of
€280,000, and each of the Deputy Chairmen receives €220,000.

The members of the Supervisory Board committees receive the
following additional fixed compensation for their committee
work: the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives €160,000,
and each of the other members of the Committee receives
€80,000; the Chairman of the Chairman’s Committee receives
€120,000, and each of the other members of the Committee re-
ceives €80,000; the Chairman of the Compensation Committee
receives €100,000, and each of the other members of the Com-
mittee receives €60,000 (compensation for any work on the
Chairman’s Committee counts toward compensation for work on

the Compensation Committee); the Chairman of the Innovation
and Finance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the other
members of the Committee receives €40,000; the Chairman of
the Compliance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the
other members of the Committee receives €40,000. However, no
additional compensation is paid for work on the Compliance
Committee if a member of that Committee is already entitled to
compensation for work on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member does not attend a meeting of the
Supervisory Board, one-third of the aggregate compensation due
to that member is reduced by the percentage of Supervisory
Board meetings not attended by the member in relation to the
total number of Supervisory Board meetings held during the fis-
cal year. In the event of changes in the composition of the Super-
visory Board and/or its committees, compensation is paid on a
pro rata basis, rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled to
receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the Supervisory Board
and its committees that they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties and
for any value-added taxes to be paid on their remuneration. For
the performance of his duties, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board is also entitled to an office with secretarial support and the
use of a carpool service.

No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board.

Combined Management Report

49


--- Page 49 ---

The compensation shown below was determined for each of the
members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal 2016 (individualized
disclosure).

2016 2015
Additional Additional
compen- compen-
Base sation for Meeting Base sation for Meeting
compen- committee —_ attendance compen- committee _ attendance
(Amounts in €) sation work fee Total sation work fee Total
Supervisory Board members
serving as of
September 30, 2016
Dr. Gerhard Cromme 280,000 280,000 45,000 605,000 280,000 280,000 48,000 608,000
Birgit Steinborn* 220,000 200,000 43,500 463,500 200,000 200,000 45,000 445,000
Werner Wenning 220,000 140,000 30,000 390,000 220,000 140,000 33,000 393,000
Olaf Bolduan* 133,333 - 9,000 142,333 140,000 9,000 149,000
Michael Diekmann 133,333 57,143 13,500 203,976 132,222 56,667 13,500 202,389
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul 140,000 160,000 27,000 327,000 140,000 160,000 27,000 327,000
Reinhard Hahn* 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 105,000 4,500 109,500
Bettina Haller’ 140,000 80,000 25,500 245,500 140,000 80,000 24,000 244,000
Hans-Jiirgen Hartung 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 9,000 149,000
Robert Kensbock* 140,000 180,000 30,000 350,000 140,000 180,000 30,000 350,000
Harald Kern* 140,000 80,000 22,500 242,500 140,000 80,000 21,000 241,000
Jiirgen Kerner? 140,000 200,000 33,000 373,000 132,222 170,000 31,500 333,722
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 140,000 80,000 27,000 247,000 140,000 33,333 15,000 188,333
Gérard Mestrallet 126,667 - 7,500 134,167 140,000 9,000 149,000
Dr. Norbert Reithofer 133,333 38,095 15,000 186,429 93,333 14,815 4,500 112,648
Giller Sabanci 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 9,000 149,000
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 105,000 4,500 109,500
Michael Sigmund 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 9,000 149,000
Jim Hagemann Snabe 140,000 120,000 31,500 291,500 132,222 113,333 28,500 274,056
Sibylle Wankel* 140,000 40,000 16,500 196,500 132,222 37,778 13,500 183,500
Total? 3,066,667 1,655,238 429,000 5,150,905 2,932,221 1,545,926 388,500 4,866,648
1 These employee representatives on the Supervisory Board dance with the guidelines of the Confederation of German ‘compensation of €252,185 paid to former Supervisory Board
and the representatives of the trade unions on the Super- Trade Unions (DGB). members Gerd von Brandenstein, Prof.Dr. Peter Gruss and

visory Board have declared their willingness to transfer their the total figure, compared to the amount presented in the Berthold Huber.

compensation to the Hans Boeckler Foundation, in accor- 2015 Compensation Report, does not include the total

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for Supervisory — of the Company. The insurance policy for fiscal 2016 includes a
and Managing Board members and certain other employees of | deductible for the members of the Managing Board and the
the Siemens Group. The policy is taken out for one year atatime Supervisory Board that complies with the requirements of the
renewed annually. It covers the personal liability of the insured | German Stock Corporation Act and the Code.

in cases of financial loss associated with their activities on behalf

50 Combined Management Report


--- Page 50 ---

A.11 Takeover-relevant information

(pursuant to Sections 289 para. 4 and 315 para. 4 of the German Commercial Code)

and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition of common stock

As of September 30, 2016, the Company’s common stock totaled
€2.550 billion. The capital stock is divided into 850 million regis-
tered shares with no par value and a notional value of €3.00 per
share. The shares are fully paid in. All shares confer the same
rights and obligations. The shareholders’ rights and obligations
are governed in detail by the provisions of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act, in particular by Sections 12, 53a et seq., 118 et seq.
and 186 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one vote
and accounts for the shareholders’ proportionate share in the
Company’s net income. An exception from this rule applies with
regard to treasury shares held by the Company, which do not
entitle the Company to any rights. Under Section 136 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected shares
is excluded by law.

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the employee share
program implemented since the beginning of fiscal 2009, in par-
ticular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable unless
applicable local laws provide otherwise. Under the rules of the
program, however, in order to receive one matching share free
of charge for each three shares purchased, participants are re-
quired to hold the shares purchased by them for a vesting period
of several years, during which the participants have to be contin-
uously employed by Siemens AG or another Siemens company.
The right to receive matching shares is forfeited if the purchased
shares are sold, transferred, hedged on, pledged or hypothecated
in any way during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, ona
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to exercise the
voting rights for 10,878,800 shares (as of September 30, 2016) on
behalf of members of the Siemens family. These shares are part
of the total number of shares held by the family’s members. The
powers of attorney are based on an agreement between the vSV
and, among others, members of the Siemens family. The shares
are voted together by vSV, taking into account the proposals of a
family partnership established by the family’s members or of one
of this partnership's governing bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions of
the Articles of Association applicable
to the appointment and removal

of members of the Managing Board
and governing amendment to the
Articles of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing
Board is subject to the provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Section 31 of the German
Codetermination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to Sec-
tion 8 para. 1 of the Articles of Association, the Managing Board
is comprised of several members, the number of which is deter-
mined by the Supervisory Board.

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corporation Act,
any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a resolu-
tion of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The authority to adopt purely
formal amendments to the Articles of Association was trans-
ferred to the Supervisory Board under Section 13 para. 2 of the
Articles of Association. In addition, by resolutions of the Share-
holders’ Meetings the Supervisory Board has been authorized to
amend Section 4 of the Articles of Association in accordance with
the utilization of the Authorized and Conditional Capitals, and
after expiration of the then-applicable authorization and utiliza-
tion period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a simple major-
ity vote, unless a greater majority is required by law. Pursuant to
Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amend-
ments to the Articles of Association require a majority of at least
three-quarters of the capital stock represented at the time of the
casting of the votes, unless another capital majority is prescribed
by the Articles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until January 25, 2021
by up to €90 million through the issuance of up to 30 million
registered shares of no par value against contributions in cash
(Authorized Capital 2016). Subscription rights of existing share-
holders are excluded. The new shares shall be issued under the
condition that they are offered exclusively to employees of
Siemens AG and any of its affiliated companies. To the extent
permitted by law, employee shares may also be issued in such a
manner that the contribution to be paid on such shares is covered
by that part of the annual net income which the Managing Board

Combined Management Report

51


--- Page 51 ---

52

and the Supervisory Board may allocate to other retained earnings
under Section 58 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase, with
the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until Jan-
uary 27, 2019 by up to €528.6 million through the issuance of up
to 176.2 million registered shares of no par value against cash con-
tributions and/or contributions in kind (Authorized Capital 2014).

As of September 30, 2016, the total unissued authorized capital
of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €618.6 million nominal
that may be issued, with varying terms by issuance, in install-
ments of up to 206.2 million registered shares of no par value.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings of January 28, 2014
and January 27, 2015, the Managing Board is authorized to issue
bonds with conversion rights or with warrants attached, or a
combination of these instruments, each entitling the holders to
subscribe to up to 80 million registered shares of Siemens AG of
no par value. Based on these two authorizations the Company or
consolidated subsidiaries of the Company may issue bonds until
January 27, 2019 and January 26, 2020, respectively, each in an
aggregate principal amount of up to €15 billion. In order to grant
shares of stock to holders/creditors of such convertible bonds or
warrant bonds, the capital stock was conditionally increased by
resolutions of the Shareholders” Meetings 2014 and 2015, each
by up to 80 million registered shares of no par value (Condi-
tional Capitals 2014 and 2015), i.e. in total by up to €480 million
through the issuance of up to 160 million shares of no par value.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2014 and the bonds
under the aforementioned authorizations are to be issued
against cash or non-cash contributions. They are, as a matter of
principle, to be offered to shareholders for subscription. The
Managing Board is authorized to exclude, with the approval of
the Supervisory Board, subscription rights of shareholders in the
event of capital increases against contributions in kind. In the
event of capital increases against contributions in cash, the Man-
aging Board is authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription
rights with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the follow-
ing cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not significantly
lower than the stock market price of the Siemens shares al-
ready listed or the theoretical market price of the bonds com-
puted in accordance with generally accepted actuarial meth-
ods (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10% of the
capital stock, in accordance with or by mutatis mutandis
application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts
resulting from the subscription ratio.

Combined Management Report

> The exclusion is necessary in order to grant holders of conver-
sion or option rights or conversion or option obligations on
Siemens shares a compensation for the effects of dilution.

The total amount of new shares issued or to be issued under
Authorized Capitals or in accordance with the bonds mentioned
above, in exchange for contributions in cash and in kind and with
shareholders’ subscription rights excluded, may in certain cases
be subject to further restrictions, such as the restriction that they
may not exceed 20% of the capital stock. The details of those
restrictions are described in the relevant authorization.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units with
a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major part of
the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in Septem-
ber 2015; for this purpose, Siemens issued new bonds with war-
rants. At exchange, the new warrants resulted in option rights
entitling their holders to receive approximately 20.3 million
Siemens shares. The terms and conditions of the warrants enable
Siemens to service exercised option rights using either condi-
tional capital or treasury stock, and also enable Siemens to buy
back the warrants.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless so au-
thorized by a resolution duly adopted by the shareholders at a
general meeting or in other very limited circumstances set forth
in the German Stock Corporation Act. On January 27, 2015, the
Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Company to acquire until
January 26, 2020 up to 10% of its capital stock existing at the
date of adopting the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of
the date on which the authorization is exercised. The aggregate
of shares of stock of Siemens AG repurchased under this autho-
rization and any other Siemens shares previously acquired and
still held in treasury by the Company or attributable to the Com-
pany pursuant to Sections 71d and 71e of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act may at no time exceed 10% of the then existing
capital stock. Any repurchase of Siemens shares shall be accom-
plished at the discretion of the Managing Board either (1) by ac-
quisition over the stock exchange or (2) through a public share
repurchase offer. The Managing Board is additionally authorized
to complete the repurchase of Siemens shares in accordance with
the authorization described above by using certain derivatives
(put and call options, forward purchases and any combination of
these derivatives). In exercising this authorization, all stock re-
purchases based on the derivatives are limited to a maximum
volume of 5% of Siemens’ capital stock existing at the date of
adopting the resolution at the Shareholders’ Meeting. A deriva-
tive’s term of maturity may not, in any case, exceed 18 months
and must be chosen in such a way that the repurchase of Siemens
shares upon exercise of the derivative will take place no later
than January 26, 2020.


--- Page 52 ---

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange or through a
public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board is au-
thorized by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting on Janu-
ary 27, 2015 to also use Siemens shares repurchased on the basis
of this or any previously given authorization for every permissible
purpose, in particular as follows: Such Siemens shares may be

> retired

> used in connection with share-based compensation programs
and/or employee share programs of the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and issued to individuals currently or for-
merly employed by the Company or any of its affiliated com-
panies as well as to board members of any of the Company’s
affiliated companies

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to third parties against non-cash contributions

> sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third par-
ties against payment in cash if the price at which such Siemens
shares are sold is not significantly lower than the market price
of Siemens stock (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to
10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis application of
Section 186 para.3 sentence 4 German Stock Corporation
Act) or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection with
convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued by the Company or
any of its consolidated subsidiaries (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis
application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use shares
acquired on the basis of this or any previously given authorization
to meet obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares that were
or will be agreed with members of the Managing Board within the
framework of rules governing Managing Board compensation.

In November 2015, the Company announced that it would carry
out a share buyback of up to €3 billion in volume within the fol-
lowing up to 36 months. The buyback commenced on Febru-
ary 2, 2016 using the authorizations given by the Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Under this share buyback
Siemens repurchased 2,517,727 shares by September 30, 2016.
The total consideration paid for these shares amounted to about
€230 million (excluding incidental transaction charges). The buy-
back has the sole purposes of retirement, of issuing shares to
employees, board members of affiliated companies and mem-
bers of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, as well as of servic-
ing/securing the obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares
arising particularly from or in connection with convertible bonds
and warrant bonds. As of September 30, 2016, the Company held
41,721,682 shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, especially
with the restrictions to exclude subscription rights and the terms
to include shares when calculating such restrictions, please re-
fer to the relevant resolution and to Section 4 of the Articles of
Association.

A.11.5 Significant agreements which
take effect, alter or terminate upon
a change of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit in an amount of €4 bil-
lion and an amount of US$3 billion, respectively, which provide its
lenders with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG
becomes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a
group of persons acting in concert acquires effective control over
Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence over its
activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

In March 2013, a consolidated subsidiary as borrower and
Siemens AG as guarantor entered into two bilateral loan agree-
ments, each of which has been drawn in the full amount of
US$500 million. Both agreements provide their respective lend-
ers with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG
becomes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a
group of persons acting in concert acquires effective control over
Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence over its
activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Interna-
tional Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documentation
(ISDA Agreements) grant the counterparty a right of termination
when Siemens AG consolidates with, merges into, or transfers
substantially all its assets to a third party. However, this right of
termination exists only, if (1) the resulting entity’s creditworthi-
ness is materially weaker than Siemens AG's immediately prior to
such event or (2) the resulting entity fails to simultaneously as-
sume Siemens AG's obligations under the ISDA Agreement. Addi-
tionally, some ISDA Agreements grant the counterparty a right of
termination if a third party acquires beneficial ownership of eq-
uity securities that enable it to elect a majority of Siemens AG's
Supervisory Board or otherwise acquire the power to control
Siemens AG's material policy-making decisions and if the credit-
worthiness of Siemens AG is materially weaker than it was imme-
diately prior to such an event. In either situation, ISDA Agree-
ments are designed such that upon termination all outstanding
payment claims documented under them are to be netted.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units with
a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major part of

Combined Management Report

53


--- Page 53 ---

54

the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in Septem-
ber 2015. In case of a change of control, the terms and conditions
of each warrant enable their holders to receive a higher number
of Siemens shares in accordance with an adjusted strike price if
they exercise their option rights within a certain period of time
after the change of control. This period of time shall end either
(1) not less than 30 days and no more than 60 days after publica-
tion of the notice of the issuer regarding the change of control,
as determined by the issuer or (2) 30 days after the change
of control first becomes publicly known. The strike price adjust-
ment decreases depending on the remaining term of the war-
rants and is determined in detail in the terms and conditions of
the warrants. In this context, a change of control occurs if control
of Siemens AG is acquired by a person or by persons acting in
concert.

A.11.6 Compensation agreements
with members of the Managing
Board or employees in the event
of a takeover bid

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in the position of a Managing Board member (for exam-
ple, due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the
Managing Board member's duties and responsibilities), the
member of the Managing Board has the right to terminate his or
her contract with the Company for good cause. A change of con-
trol exists if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in con-
cert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and
exercise a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a de-
pendent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercompany
agreement within the meaning of Section 291 of the German
Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an
existing corporation or other entity. If this right of termination is
exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a severance
payment in the amount of no more than two years’ compensa-
tion. The calculation of the annual compensation includes not
only the base compensation and the target amount for the bo-
nus, but also the target amount for the stock awards, in each case
based on the most recent completed fiscal year prior to termina-
tion of the contract. The stock-based compensation components
for which a firm commitment already exists will remain un-
affected. Additionally, the severance payments cover non-mone-
tary benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total severance
amount. Severance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-
sum allowance for discounted values and for income earned else-
where. However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of
the severance payment that was calculated without taking ac-
count of the first six months of the remaining term of the Man-
aging Board member’s contract. There is no entitlement to a

Combined Management Report

severance payment if the Managing Board member receives ben-
efits from third parties in connection with a change of control.
A right to terminate the contract does not exist if the change
of control occurs within a period of twelve months prior to a
Managing Board member's retirement.

A.11.7 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal year been
notified of, any shareholder directly or indirectly holding 10%
or more of the voting rights. There are no shares with special
rights conferring powers of control. Shares of stock issued by
Siemens AG to employees under its employee share program
and/or as share-based compensation are transferred directly to
the employees. The beneficiary employees who hold shares of
employee stock may exercise their control rights in the same way
as any other shareholder directly in accordance with applicable
laws and the Articles of Association.
