Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

47

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

We are a global science and technology company headquartered
in Darmstadt, Germany. With a history of nearly 350 years, we
are the oldest chemical and pharmaceutical company in the
world. In line with our strategic direction, Merck comprises three
business sectors: Healthcare, Life Science, and Performance
Materials, which encompass the Group’s six businesses.

In Healthcare, we discover, develop and manufacture pre-
scription medicines used to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis, and
infertility, among other things, as well as over-the-counter
pharmaceutical products for colds and pain. Our products help
millions of people around the world.

In Life Science, we conduct research for researchers, pro-
viding scientists with laboratory materials, technologies and
services. Our aim is to make research and biomanufacturing
easier, faster and more successful.

Performance Materials develops specialty chemicals and
materials for demanding applications — from liquid crystals and
OLED materials for displays to effect pigments for coatings
and cosmetics to high-tech materials for the manufacture of
integrated circuits.

We hold the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The
only exceptions are Canada and the United States. In these
countries, we operate as EMD Serono in the biopharmaceutical
business, as MilliporeSigma — following the completed acquisi-
tion of Sigma-Aldrich — in the life science business and as EMD
Performance Materials in the high-tech materials business.

Apart from our three business sectors, our financial reporting
presents the five regions Europe, North America, Asia-Pacific
(APAC), Latin America as well as Middle East and Africa (MEA).
As of December 31, 2016, we had 50,414 employees worldwide,
which compares with 49,613 on December 31, 2015.

Healthcare

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the four businesses Bio-
pharma, Consumer Health, Biosimilars, and Allergopharma. Since
2015, Belén Garijo has been the CEO of the Healthcare business
sector and member of the Executive Board. In 2016, Healthcare
generated 45% of Group sales and 43% of EBITDA pre exceptionals
(excluding Corporate and Other), making it the largest of our three
business sectors. The regions Europe and North America generated
60% of Healthcare’s net sales in 2016. In recent years, we have
steadily expanded our presence in growth markets. In 2016,
Asia-Pacific and Latin America accounted for 33% of sales.

Biopharma

Our Biopharma business discovers, develops, manufactures and
markets innovative pharmaceutical and biological prescription
drugs to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis, infertility, growth disorders
as well as certain cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Biopharma
is the largest of our Healthcare businesses. We operate in four
franchises: Oncology, Neurology/Immunology, Fertility, General
Medicine & Endocrinology. Our streamlined R&D pipeline positions
us with a clear focus on becoming a leading science-driven inno-
vator in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology, including
multiple sclerosis.

In 2016 we reinforced our commitment to growing our immu-
nology pipeline to provide new options to better the lives of people
with immunological diseases as we prepared for the potential
launch of cladribine tablets. Our activities included major milestone
accomplishments and an impactful presence at key medical meet-
ings around the world.

New data on Rebif®, Biopharma’s top-selling drug and leading
multiple sclerosis (MS) therapy, and investigational cladribine tablets
were presented at both the American Academy of Neurology’s (AAN)
Annual Meeting in April 2016 and the Congress of the European
Academy of Neurology (EAN) in May 2016. In addition, results of
more than 30 clinical studies were presented at the world’s largest
international MS conference, the 32nd Congress of the European
Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple Sclerosis
(ECTRIMS) in London, United Kingdom.

In June 2016, we reached a major regulatory milestone with the
submission for registration of cladribine tablets to the European
Medicines Agency (EMA). We believe that cladribine tablets, if
approved, could lead to high and sustained efficacy through selec-
tive modulation of B and T cells resulting in lasting resolution of
inflammation. The additional data we have gathered over the
past four years provides better characterization of the safety and
tolerability profile and this coupled with a unique oral short course
will serve as an important therapeutic advance for patients with
relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS).

In July 2016, we announced the EMA’s acceptance for review of
the Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for the investigational
product cladribine tablets for the treatment of RRMS.

We also presented data on atacicept, our investigational treat-
ment for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) at the 2016 American
College of Rheumatology/Association of Rheumatology Health
Professionals (ACR/ARHP) Annual Meeting held in November.
Although the primary endpoint was not met in the overall study
population of the ADDRESS II Phase IIb, multicenter study on
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

atacicept in patients with SLE, there was a trend favoring atacicept
with statistical significance achieved in a pre-specified sensitivity
analysis of the primary endpoint using treatment Day 1 as baseline
(rather than screening visit). Additionally, analyses of a predefined
subpopulation of patients with high disease activity demonstrated
statistically significant treatment effects of atacicept when compared
to placebo.

Erbitux® (cetuximab) remains the second best-selling drug in the
portfolio of the Biopharma business and is the company’s flagship
product in oncology. The product is a standard of care for patients
with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-expressing, RAS
wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC) therapy, as well as
both recurrent/ metastatic and locally advanced squamous cell
carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN).

We continue to invest in Erbitux® and are committed to making
it available to those patients whom it will benefit most. In April 2016
we reached a major milestone regarding its expansion in growth
markets with the positive results of the pivotal Chinese Phase III
TAILOR study.

In addition, we continued to support our goal of improving care
for patients with MCRC by further advancing in the area of liquid
biopsy technologies through collaborations. In 2016, we became the
first pharmaceutical company to collaborate with multiple diagnostic
providers to support RAS biomarker testing, with new agreements
announced with Biocartis and Amoy Diagnostics Co., Ltd. for differ-
ent testing technologies to meet the needs of various laboratory
segments. These agreements follow our first collaboration with
Sysmex Inostics, which achieved a notable milestone in 2016, when
the liquid biopsy technology we are co-developing received CE Mark
approval in April.

Importantly, through another key collaboration, our strategic
alliance with Pfizer Inc., USA, we continued to make progress in
the development and envisaged commercialization of avelumab*,
an investigational fully human anti-programmed death-ligand 1
(PD-L1) antibody.

The positive results from JAVELIN Merkel 200, the pivotal Phase II
study in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC)
treated with avelumab in second or subsequent lines of therapy,
were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology
(ASCO) 2016 annual meeting. These results supported the sub-
mission and acceptance of the Biologics License Application to the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), as well as the Marketing
Authorization Application to the European Medicines Agency.
Additionally, we initiated two pivotal Phase III trials for avelumab
in 2016, including a combination trial with axitinib for the first-line
treatment of renal cell carcinoma and as a first-line treatment for
ovarian cancer.

These pivotal trials are part of the larger clinical development
program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, which involves at least
30 clinical programs and more than 4,000 patients evaluated across

4B

more than 15 different tumor types. As part of the strategic alliance,
we are also advancing our co-promotion of Pfizer’s anaplastic
lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor Xalkori® (crizotinib), indicated
for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung
cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors are ALK-positive. Xalkori® is being
co-promoted in two waves, the first of which began in 2015 in
the United States, Canada, Japan, and five EU countries (France,
Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom). The second wave
began in 2016 including Argentina, China and Turkey.

As part of our efforts in immuno-oncology we have an exclusive
strategic collaboration and license agreement with Intrexon Corpo-
ration to develop and commercialize Chimeric Antigen Receptor
T-cell (CAR-T) cancer therapies.

An important growth driver for our Biopharma business is our
fertility portfolio, offering products that help couples to conceive
a child, ranging from drugs to technologies. Infertility has become
a key topic globally due to the current trend towards delaying
childbirth. We see a steadily increasing demand in growth markets,
fueling current and future sales. In addition, we are facing a rapidly
changing environment in the fertility market, with commoditization
and price pressure in the drugs business, more educated patients
and an increasing importance of Fertility Technologies. The strategic
innovation of Merck’s fertility business model to develop from the
world market leader in fertility treatments into an integrated
fertility treatment partner focuses on turning these trends into
opportunities for Merck and will drive further growth. The first step
to achieve this goal was to extend our existing drug portfolio into
our continuously expanding innovative technologies offering.

We are the only company to offer recombinant versions of
the three natural hormones needed to treat infertility as well as
a complete and clinically proven portfolio for every stage of the
reproductive cycle. In early 2016, our portfolio of drugs was further
complemented by the improved Gonal-f® prefilled pen, a new pen
version including various advanced features designed to facilitate
administration for patients.

Our Fertility Technologies business expanded and is now pro-
viding solutions for all key steps of in vitro fertilization (IVF). Our
automated vitrification instrument Gavi™** can now freeze oocytes
and embryos at key stages. For the incubator Geri™** an anno-
tation software was introduced (Geri™ Connect & Assess 1.0), and
with a humidified incubation feature the incubation environment now
resembles the conditions in the uterus more closely. A new version
of the incubator Geri™+ allows for use with the Early Embryo
Viability Assessment (Eeva®) Test, for which a new software version
was launched. With Geri™ medium we introduced a new single-
step medium supporting undisturbed embryo growth. Finally, our
innovative witnessing and tracking system Gidget™ helps to reduce
the potential for error and improves lab workflows. Key parts of
our technologies portfolio were made available for clinical use in
Europe in 2016, and now are also marketed in Canada and Japan.

* Avelumab is not yet approved for any indication in any market. The EMA has validated the Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic MCC, marking
the first acceptance of an EU market authorization application to review the safety and efficacy results for this investigational product. The U.S. FDA has also accepted the Biologics
License Application for avelumab for the treatment of metastatic MCC, marking the first acceptance of an application by the U.S. FDA to review this investigational product.

** Gavi™ and Geri™ are not available in the United States.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

In June, the Global Fertility Alliance welcomed two new members:
Zeiss (Carl Zeiss AG, Oberkochen) and Hamilton Thorne Ltd., USA.
The alliance paves the way forward into the future of fertility treat-
ment and adds to our strong basis in the drug business and our
highly innovative Fertility Technologies business.

Every day, 55 million patients around the world are using our
trusted general medicine and endocrinology (GM&E) medications.
Today Concor®, Euthyrox®, Glucophage®, and Saizen® are high-
value brands and market leaders in many key markets around the
world. As a result, in terms of sales GM&E is the largest business
franchise of the Healthcare business sector, contributing signifi-
cantly to the overall profitability of Biopharma and Merck. Although
no longer patent-protected, the brand equity built over decades
makes our flagship products cornerstones for the treatment of
chronic cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrine diseases.

Concor®, containing bisoprolol, is the leading beta-blocker for
chronic cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension, coronary
artery disease and chronic heart failure. Euthyrox®, with the active
ingredient levothyroxine, is the leading treatment for hypothyroid-
ism, a disease with high prevalence but still low diagnosis in most
emerging markets. Glucophage®, containing the active ingredient
metformin, is the drug of choice for first-line treatment of type 2
diabetes. In October 2016, metformin received a positive CHMP
opinion for treatment of type 2 diabetes patients with moderate
renal impairment (CKD stage 3), which will be reflected in a label
change in Europe. This will allow Glucophage® and other metformin
products to be used safely by a larger group of patients with type
2 diabetes. The indication for Glucophage® is being extended to
include prediabetes and has been granted approval in 12 markets
around the world.

We also help to raise awareness and education in the areas we
operate in, such as thyroid diseases. Highlights include our contin-
uous engagement in International Thyroid Awareness Week and our
partnership with the Royal Health Awareness Society (RHAS) of
Jordan, signed in October.

Saizen® (somatropin) is our main endocrinology product and is
indicated for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in
children and adults. Saizen® is delivered with the easypod™ elec-
tromechanical injection device, the only growth hormone injection
device of its kind. easypod™ is able to wirelessly transfer data such
as injection times, dates and doses to the web-based software
system easypod™ connect, making it easier for healthcare practi-
tioners and patients to ensure adherence and reach their treatment
goals.

49

As part of our continuous commitment to deliver high-quality
medicines to our patients, we are continuously investing in our
manufacturing network across the globe. In 2016, we completed
the construction of a new facility in Nantong, China, expanded our
plant in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and initiated the construction of
a ew packaging center in Darmstadt, Germany, in order to meet
the increasing worldwide demand for our General Medicine prod-
ucts Glucophage®, Concor® and Euthyrox®. In order to meet the
increasing worldwide demand for our biotech portfolio of medicines,
we completed the expansion of our plant in Tres Cantos, Spain.
In Aubonne, Switzerland, we pushed forward with the construction
of our new packaging center.

Consumer Health

In our Consumer Health business we focus on consumer-centric
innovation under the umbrellas of several strategic brands such as
Neurobion®, Bion®, Seven Seas®, Nasivin®, Femibion®, and Dolo-
Neurobion®, as well as Vivera® /Floratil®, Sangobion®, Vigantoletten®,
Apaisyl®, and Kytta®. Our latest innovations are the probiotic Vivera
and the Femibion BabyPlanning line extension. We aim at emotion-
alizing these over-the-counter and food supplement brands so that
they become irresistible love brands in the eyes of our consumers
and customers alike. Most of these brands are fully aligned with the
newly established purpose of the Consumer Health business: “We
exist to prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy
years.”

Global megatrends favor the future growth of the Consumer
Health business. People are becoming more health-conscious and
take care of their own physical well-being. Preventive healthcare
and as little invasive medication as possible are growing in impor-
tance - in both established and developing markets, the latter
characterized by a growing middle class with specific needs. And
people and societies are growing older than ever before. This is
why we developed and started establishing a movement around
our new purpose to actively drive change in the societies we are
operating in, all under the independent label and motto “WE100® -
young for old, old for young.”

We are currently among the top 15 players in the global OTC
market and already generate more than 50% of our annual sales
in developing growth markets. In particular, markets such as Chile,
Brazil, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Thailand, Indonesia,
India, Malaysia, and the Philippines are delivering significant
growth rates. To further align the regional with the strategic brand
strategies and to even better focus on efficient region-brand com-
binations, we have reorganized our regional structure.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

Biosimilars
Our Biosimilars business is committed to providing access to high-
quality biologics to more patients all over the world. In addition,
we are developing a biosimilars portfolio focused on oncology and
inflammatory disorders through both in-house research and develop-
ment expertise in biologics and partnerships with other biosimilar
players. In 2016, we advanced our pipeline well into clinical devel-
opment, with our adalimumab Phase III study recruiting the first
patient and finishing recruitment in the same year. Biosimilars is an
attractive market in which we are well-positioned, building on exist-
ing strengths and capabilities across the biosimilars value chain.

Merck has strategic alliances with Dr. Reddy’s in India to co-
develop multiple cancer drugs and with Bionovis in Brazil to supply
the Brazilian market with biological products under the Productive
Development Partnership (PDP) policy of the Brazilian Ministry of
Health.

Merck is in advanced stages of negotiations to divest the
Biosimilars business and the transaction is expected to close in 2017.

Allergopharma

Our allergy business Allergopharma is one of the leading companies
in the field of allergy immunotherapy (AIT). The Allergopharma
portfolio includes a diverse spectrum of approved allergen products
that meet high quality standards. AIT (hypo-sensitization, desen-
sitization, specific immunotherapy) is the only causal therapy for
treating allergies to unavoidable allergens.

We manufacture products to diagnose and treat type 1 allergies
such as hay fever or allergic asthma. Merck’s allergy business offers
high-dose, hypoallergenic, standardized products for allergen
immunotherapy of pollen and mite allergies. These allergoids
have a special focus in Allergopharma’s product portfolio and
constitute a cornerstone in its integrated health approach for
patients suffering from these conditions. For effective treatment,
reliable diagnosis is key. Allergopharma offers a broad range of
diagnostics in the field of allergies with more than 100 single
allergens, providing physicians with the specific tools needed to
identify the substances causing an allergy. In addition, Allergo-
pharma provides individual allergen extracts on a named patient
basis, which are needed to treat less frequent allergies. Person-
alized medicine has been a reality for Allergopharma for many
years now. Products of Allergopharma are available in more than
20 countries worldwide.

Life Science

With one of the broadest product and technology portfolios in the
industry, the purpose of the Life Science business sector is to solve
the toughest problems in life science by collaborating with the
global scientific community. Udit Batra has been the CEO of our
Life Science business sector since 2014 and became a member of
the Merck Executive Board in April 2016. In 2016, the Life Science
business sector contributed 38% to Group sales and 34% to
EBITDA pre exceptionals (excluding Corporate and Other).

50

We are a leading player in the attractive € 100 billion life science
industry, serving more than one million global customers with the
aim of advancing science faster to accelerate access to health for
people everywhere. We offer innovative solutions for scientists and
engineers at every stage. Our products and services are used in
the research, development and manufacture of biotechnological
and pharmaceutical drug therapies, as well as in research and
application laboratories. In addition, our products and services also
reach adjacent markets such as the food and beverage industry.

In November 2015, we acquired the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation,
a leading life science company. This marked the largest acquisition
in the history of Merck — and one of the largest in the industry. As
a combined business, we are able to serve life science customers
around the world with a highly attractive set of established brands
such as Millipore, Sigma-Aldrich, Milli-Q®, SAFC, Supelco and
BioReliance. Moreover, we have a highly efficient supply chain
through which we can deliver standard products in 24 to 48 hours
worldwide. In the laboratory and academia business, we offer
customers an extensive and customized range of products across
laboratory chemicals, biologics, and reagents.

Life Science operates in 66 countries around the world with the
headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany and major hubs in Boston
(Massachusetts), St. Louis (Missouri), Milwaukee (Wisconsin) and
Molsheim in France. In July, we announced plans to build a new
campus in Burlington, Massachusetts that will serve as a major hub
for our North American life science business with an investment
of US$ 115 million. The 26,000 m? facility will include an M Lab™
Collaboration Center customer collaboration laboratory and training
center as well as office space - a state-of-the-art, shared, explora-
tory environment where the company’s scientists and engineers
work together with customers.

The Life Science business sector generates recurring sales and
stable, attractive cash flows in an industry that is characterized by
stringent regulatory requirements. A highly diversified and loyal
customer base additionally ensures a low risk profile. We benefit
from a broad and relevant portfolio, a highly efficient supply chain
including a superb eCommerce platform and global reach.

Our eCommerce platform sigmaaldrich.com allows customers in
nearly every country to more easily find the exact products needed
to advance their research. Currently, more than 70% of addressable
legacy Merck Millipore products are available on sigmaaldrich.com.
In 2016, we implemented a centralized initiative to manage all
customer acquisition channels and scaled search advertising to
include more than two million active keywords driving increased
website traffic to the content customers are looking for, resulting
in a streamlined customer experience.

The Life Science business sector is organized into three business
areas which reflect customer segments. Research Solutions focuses
on academia and pharmaceutical research institutions; Process
Solutions markets products and services for the entire pharmaceu-
tical production value chain, and Applied Solutions serves clinical
and diagnostic testing laboratories, as well as the food and environ-
mental industries.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

To support these customer segments, our Strategic Marketing &
Innovation (SMI) teams promote and deliver innovation tailored to
our customers’ needs. The SMI organizations are responsible for
defining customer segment strategy, maintaining and innovating
the product portfolio and communicating the business's strategic
value propositions.

In addition, we have two commercial areas which are managed
by region and customer segment to leverage regional and local
expertise: one dedicated to the lab customers between Research
and Applied and one dedicated to Process Solution customers.
These areas are responsible for marketing, sales as well as customer
and dealer relationships.

Research Solutions offers a broad and relevant portfolio of solu-
tions that enable scientific discovery through complete partnership
across the customer journey. This includes more than 200,000
products and services including molecular platforms, protein and
pathway technologies, biochemicals, materials science, and cell
culture workflow tools.

In Danvers, Massachusetts, we launched a transformation
project at our current Mobius® manufacturing facility to improve
capabilities within the facility. The project will include an additional
1,250 m? of cleanroom space to help meet the increasing market
demand for single-use products.

In 2016, we introduced MILLIPLEX® MAP Human High sensitivity
cytokine panel for faster and more cost-effective human cytokine
assays. The new assay is the first 384-well kit for use with the
Luminex FLEXMAP3Dé® platform and allows researchers with limited
sample volumes who require high throughput to get more results,
faster.

Our Process Solutions business offers a diverse range of products
to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that enable custom-
ers to develop large- and small-molecule drugs safely, effectively
and cost-efficiently. With the 2015 combination of Sigma-Aldrich
and Merck Millipore, we now offer the broadest portfolio in the
industry. The 15,000-plus products and services in Process Solutions
include single-use manufacturing, filtration, chromatography and
purification, virus reduction, pharma and biopharma raw materials,
drug delivery compounds and engineering and validation services.

Our single-use solutions offer increased flexibility to biopharma
customers since they eliminate time- and cost-intensive cleaning
procedures. Moreover, these single-use solutions are compatible with
various products, thus reducing investment costs for our customers.
Launched in 2016, the new Mobius® products include a 1,000-liter
single-use bioreactor with an industry-leading design, a 2,000-liter
system for difficult-to-mix biopharma ingredients and a large-
volume transport system for sterile and non-sterile liquids. These

51

products meet our customers’ increasingly complex demands for
user-friendly systems that allow them to focus on their science.
We also deliver full end-to-end biopharma solutions by offering
clients a full process line CGMP (current good manufacturing prac-
tices), from clone to commercial production.

In 2016, we expanded our industry-leading Emprove® risk
assessment program to include selection of products for filtration
and single-use processing. Rapid and easy access to risk assessment
information is critical in an ever-changing regulatory landscape.
The Emprove® program provides documentation and regulatory
information on materials used in the manufacture of drug products
and includes Millipore Express® filters, Pureflex® and Pureflex® Plus
bags, Viresolve® Pro filtration devices and Durapore® filters.

In November 2016, we announced an € 80 million investment
in a Life Science Center in Nantong, China, demonstrating a com-
mitment to the industry’s fast growth by providing a wide range of
leading, innovative solutions for customers and partners in China.
The facility will reinforce our leading position in inorganic salts for
active pharmaceutical ingredients and excipients and cell culture
media for the pharmaceutical, biopharma and healthcare markets
in China as well as ready-to-use media for environmental and
sterility testing.

The Applied Solutions business area focuses on diagnostic, test-
ing and industrial customers and provides trusted products and
comprehensive workflow solutions that streamline processes, lower
costs and deliver consistent, reliable results. Our 62,000-plus prod-
ucts and services include analytical separation systems, reference
materials, lab water instruments with consumables and services
and microbiology and bio-monitoring testing materials.

Building on our commitment to improving workflows, we
launched the Elix® high-throughput water purification system.
Designed to operate at the heart of a central water purification
solution, the Elix® system offers full connectivity, providing users
real-time remote monitoring via computer, tablet or smartphone
with access to all important water quality data. The product inte-
grated seamlessly with existing systems and decreases energy and
water consumption while maintaining water quality.

Our popular Guava® flow cytometers line was expanded with
the addition of 532 nanometer lasers that increase the capabilities
of the Guava® easyCyte instrument line to enable simultaneous
detection of multiple fluorescent proteins. Since the discovery and
isolation of the genes encoding proteins responsible for biological
fluorescence, proteins have changed life science research. The new
line enhances optical capability and flexibility and results in better
optical configuration.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

Performance Materials

Our entire specialty chemicals business is combined in our Perfor-
mance Materials business sector. The portfolio includes high-tech
chemicals for applications in fields such as consumer electronics,
lighting, coatings, printing technology, paints, plastics, and cosmetics.
Performance Materials comprises four business units: Display Mate-
rials, Integrated Circuit Materials, Pigments & Functional Materials,
and Advanced Technologies.

Walter Galinat has been the CEO of the Performance Materials
business sector since 2010. In April 2016 he was appointed to the
Merck Executive Board. In 2016, the business sector’s share of Group
sales amounted to 17% and its share of EBITDA pre exceptionals
(excluding Corporate and Other) was 23%. The EBITDA margin pre
exceptionals was 44.1% of sales.

In 2016, we defended our position as the global market and
technology leader for established liquid crystal technologies even
though the growth in demand for liquid crystal displays (LCDs) was
lower than expected. Large — mainly Asian — display manufacturers
are among the customers of our Liquid Crystals (LC) business. The
Display Materials business unit comprises the broadest product
offering. We offer liquid crystal mixtures, for technologies such as
PS-VA (polymer-stabilized vertical alignment) technology (primarily
for televisions) and IPS (in-plane switching) technology (primarily
for smartphones and tablets), photoresist materials and reactive
mesogens. New developments such as energy-efficient UB-FFS
(ultra-brightness fringe field switching) technology established
themselves further in the market for smartphones and tablets.

The development of new application possibilities for liquid crys-
tals was again an important focus of our LC 2021 strategic initiative
in 2016. This primarily includes the development of liquid crystal
window technology. In order to protect against solar radiation,
these windows allow continuously variable switching from light to
dark in just seconds and have high color neutrality compared with
competitive technologies. A privacy version of the windows permits
switching from transparent to opaque. To achieve faster market
penetration of the new technology, Merck is investing around
€ 15 million in a production facility for liquid crystal window modules
at a site in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. The manufacture of these
switchable modules, which our customers can process into smart
windows and glass facades, is to start at the end of 2017.

In 2016, our annual “Displaying Futures” symposium focused
on future mobility. We want to use the Automotive Platform that
we have developed to show the potential that Merck materials have
in view of future trends. These include liquid crystals for free-form
displays, liquid crystals for mobile antenna applications or adaptive
lighting in headlights, OLEDs (organic light-emitting diodes), LEDs
(light-emitting diodes), semiconducting materials in chips or func-
tional pigments. To further young companies and researchers, in
2016 we presented the Displaying Futures Award for the first time.
The prize, which is worth US$ 50,000 and awarded for new ideas
involving liquid crystal materials, went to three teams from the
United States and the Netherlands.

52

Integrated Circuit Materials is our second-largest business unit
and supplies products to manufacture integrated circuits and
microelectronic systems, for antireflection coatings, and for the
miniaturization of transistor structures. By integrating the two
acquisitions, namely the SAFC Hitech business of Sigma-Aldrich
and Ormet Circuits, we have ideally complemented our portfolio to
include deposition materials and conductive pastes for semicon-
ductor packaging. Advanced semiconductor manufacturers benefit
from our cutting-edge material solutions for next-generation litho-
graphy, for example in directed self-assembly (DSA). We hold
a leadership position in DSA technology thanks to our extensive
expertise in polymer synthesis as well as many years of process and
formulation experience. An important topic for the semiconductor
industry is the development of increasingly powerful computer
chips. This is being achieved by either making the structures on
the chip even smaller (Moore’s law) or combining different chips in
the component or three-dimensional structures (“beyond Moore”).
Merck offers various innovative products for both approaches. In
addition to smartphones and servers, the main applications include
sensors, for example for the automotive industry, and the Internet
of Things. As an important partner to leading global electronics
manufacturers, the business unit achieves more than 60% of its
sales in Asia, generating around three-quarters of sales with prod-
ucts that are the leaders in their respective markets. In 2016, we
also strengthened our positioning in the growth market of China.

The Pigments & Functional Materials business unit develops and
markets a comprehensive product portfolio of decorative effect
pigments and functional materials. The effect pigments are primar-
ily used in automotive and industrial coatings, plastics, printing
applications, and cosmetics in order to give products a unique shine.
Functional materials include laser marking, conductive additives,
applications for counterfeit protection as well as high-quality
cosmetic active ingredients, for example for use in skin care, as
well as sun protection and insect repellents. In 2016, we offered
our customers various new products in all areas: For example, we
launched the new Thermaval™ series of pearlescent pigments for
high-temperature applications. They allow ceramic glazes to retain
their brilliant colors and sparkle effect, also when used in ceramic
glazes at cost-efficient single-firing temperatures. In 2016, our
portfolio expansion and distribution activities also focused on col-
laborations — for example, with Agrimer of France to use marine
cosmetic actives and with PolyOne of the United States to refine
and market an innovative 3D plastics technology. Triggered by the
Zika virus epidemic, we gained further market share with our insect
repellent IR3535®, even in the existing market. The substance
provides effective protection against mosquito bites and is also
safe for pregnant women, who are at particular risk from the Zika
virus. Merck received the prestigious European Frost & Sullivan
Award for Product Leadership 2016 for its pioneering role in
pigments used in high-quality automotive coatings. This recog-
nizes the success achieved with the innovative Meoxal® and
Xirallic® NXT lines.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Merck

The Advanced Technologies business unit invests particularly in
future-oriented research and development in Performance Materials.
A very good example of this are our materials for organic light-
emitting diodes (OLEDs). The OLED materials business is one of our
fastest-growing businesses. We opened the new production facility
for OLED materials in Darmstadt in September as planned. After
a 14-month construction period, high-purity OLED materials are
being produced in the approximately 3,600 m? building. These
are used not only in state-of-the-art displays, but also in modern
lighting systems, such as in high-quality automotive tail lights. With
a total investment of around € 30 million, this is one of the largest
single investments Merck has made at the Darmstadt site in recent
years. The plant makes it possible to significantly increase produc-
tion capacity. We aim to be a leading supplier of OLED materials

s3

by 2018. In order to meet the increasing demand and supply
customers with a broad range of high-performance OLED materials,
we have entered into a cooperation agreement with the Japanese
company Idemitsu Kosan.

Quantum materials are another interesting new technology to
improve displays. They enable ultra-bright displays with a notable
expansion of the color gamut. In order to meet the growing demand
for quantum materials, we entered into a licensing agreement with
the Nanoco Group of the United Kingdom. The license allows Merck
to immediately start marketing Nanoco’s environmentally friendly
cadmium-free quantum materials and to establish its own produc-
tion facilities in the long term. In addition, we are also conducting
research in quantum technology via the Israeli start-up Qlight
Nanotech, which we acquired in 2015.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

Objectives and Strategies

We want to advance technologies for a better life. Based on
scientific research and in collaboration with partners, we are
focusing on specialty products in healthcare, life science and
performance materials.

General principles and Group strategy

General principles

Merck is a vibrant science and technology company. Our aim is to
achieve technological progress that will improve life and make our
customers and business associates more successful. This aspiration
is embodied by values-based and economically sustainable corpo-
rate governance, has been anchored in our new brand promise
since 2015, and steers the strategic development of the Group.

Our annual strategic planning process follows firmly defined
principles. Our business portfolio must always be balanced so that
it reflects an optimum mix of entrepreneurial opportunities and
risks. We achieve this through our diversification into three com-
plementary business sectors that make the company as a whole
less dependent on economic cycles, as well as by expanding our
presence in global growth markets. This exemplifies the long-term
direction of our Group strategy. We want to continue the nearly
350-year-old success story of Merck into future generations and to
achieve sustainable profitable growth. The partner structure of
Merck KGaA with members of the Merck family as personally liable
partners also contributes to this. It requires the Executive Board,
whose members are also personally liable partners, to pay special
attention to the long-term development of value.

For us, the principle of sustainability applies not only to economic
aspects, but also encompasses corporate responsibility. We pursue
three strategic spheres of activity: health, the environment and
culture. The focus is always on the future viability of society and
the competitiveness of our company. With our current and future
product portfolio, we want to help solve global challenges, from
urbanization to aging populations.

54u

Group strategy

Over the past decade, Merck has transformed itself from a classic
supplier of chemicals and pharmaceuticals into a global science
and technology company. The main driver was the transformation
of our business portfolio, particularly through the divestment of our
Generics business (2007) and the acquisitions of Serono (2007),
Millipore (2010), AZ Electronic Materials (2014), and Sigma-Aldrich
(2015). In addition, we focused our businesses on innovation-driven
and highly specialized products, extensively revamped our internal
structures and processes, and expanded our presence in global
growth markets.

Today, we hold leading positions in the respective markets of our
three business sectors Healthcare, Life Science and Performance
Materials, and are working to bolster and expand these. To this end,
we are pursuing innovation-driven, organic growth. For instance,
by 2022 we are targeting sales of around € 4 billion with new
products. New medicines from the pharmaceutical pipeline are to
contribute around € 2 billion, with Life Science and Performance
Materials innovations each contributing around € 1 billion in sales.

Targeted acquisitions capable of meaningfully complementing
or boosting our strengths remain a growth option. However, Merck
continues to rule out major acquisitions of more than € 500 million
as long as the debt level expressed as the ratio of net financial debt
to EBITDA pre exceptionals is greater than 2, unless divestments
could be used to finance them. By 2018, we aim to reduce our debt
level to below 2 again.

Our Group strategy aims to resolutely continue the transfor-
mation of Merck into a specialized technology company and to
position the company as a leading player in a changing market
environment. For this purpose, we set up the Group Strategy &
Transformation function in 2016. It unites the previously separately
managed units Strategy, Innovation and Digitalization, and is
designed to ensure the successful and timely implementation of core
strategic projects. We have assigned these projects to three areas
of key priority, namely “Performance”, “People” and “Technology”.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

“Performance” encompasses all activities that create sustainable,
profitable growth. To this end, we are closely aligning our businesses
with the wishes and needs of customers and patients, not only
through our products, but also best possible proximity. The basis
for this is formed by efficient structures and processes as well as
sustainable financial management. “Performance” is illustrated by
the rapid and seamless integration of Sigma-Aldrich into our Life
Science business as well as the realization of the associated
synergies. We have progressed here faster than planned. In addi-
tion, previously unplanned top-line synergies are expected to
contribute an additional € 20 million to earnings by the end of
2018. Consequently, total synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich acqui-
sition will amount to € 280 million instead of originally € 260 million
per year.

Merck’s growth strategy calls for a work culture that values
diversity, promotes collaboration and responds flexibly to changing
requirements. That’s because in today’s global knowledge society,
qualified and motivated people are a crucial factor for entrepre-
neurial success, especially in a science and technology company
like Merck. As a key priority area, “People” includes the further
development of people management practices and creating an
environment where innovation and creativity can thrive. We are
paying particularly close attention to our leadership culture, talent
pipeline and strengthening collaboration across national and
departmental borders, for example through flexible work models
or the use of a modern communication infrastructure.

The priority area “Technology” covers the closely interlinked
areas of innovation and digitalization. Developing and marketing
innovative products and services are at the forefront of our Group
strategy and all the business strategies. Our objective is to foster
innovations both within the businesses and between them as well
as beyond existing businesses into areas in which we are not
yet active.

In particular, we want to capture the opportunities that digitalization
offers in order to create value for customers, business associates
and patients. To us, digitalization means the digital integration of our
entire value chain, the digitalization of our products, services and
communication interfaces to customers as well as the development
of new digital business models. This is supported by state-of-the-
art methods to collect and analyze vast amounts of data (Big Data).

Additionally, we are working Group-wide to expand the physical
and virtual infrastructure for technology-driven growth. The center-
piece will be formed by the Innovation Center in Darmstadt.
Currently under construction, this 7,000 m? building is scheduled
for completion by the end of 2017. Until its opening, our modular
Innovation Center, which opened in 2015, offers a platform for the
development of new technologies, for instance within the scope of
our Accelerator program. Through this initiative and our expertise
in science and technology, we support start-ups in transforming
their visions into viable business models.

In 2016, we expanded our existing Biopharma venture fund to
all three business sectors, increasing the total funding volume to
€ 300 million. Additionally, businesses beyond our current portfolio
represent the fourth investment arm of the new Merck Ventures fund.

Capability initiatives

In 2013, Merck introduced four capability initiatives. They address
topics that are of strategic importance to the performance of the
entire company: The capability initiatives ONE Merck brand, ONE
Talent Development, Rewards, and Performance Management, ONE
Process Harmonization, and ONE Global Headquarters continue to
drive important change or have started to evolve into regular activ-
ities. In October 2015, we introduced a fundamental revision of our
brand design along with a simplified brand architecture, which we
are currently implementing globally at all levels. In this context,
we launched the digital brand campaign in 2016 called “Break-
throughs begin with curiosity” (curiosity.merckgroup.com), which
puts the spotlight on scientific curiosity and passion for discovery
as the driving forces of innovations.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

Business strategies

Healthcare strategy

Global megatrends such as a growing world population and general
increase in life expectancy are driving the demand for our health-
care products, namely biopharmaceuticals primarily for high unmet
medical needs as well as consumer health brands that reflect
the rising demand for preventive healthcare from an increasingly
health-conscious society.

To meet these demands and appropriately respond to the
dynamics of our healthcare markets, we have significantly trans-
formed our Healthcare business sector in recent years. We are
driving pipeline projects with the aim of bringing new groundbreak-
ing medicines to patients, maximizing our existing portfolio and
continuing our expansion in growth markets.

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the four businesses
Biopharma, Consumer Health, Biosimilars, and Allergopharma. The
diversity and profound medical expertise we have in these businesses
are core strengths and key differentiators in the market. Within
each business, we specialize in key therapeutic areas and specific
diseases.

Our ambition in Healthcare is to become a global specialty
innovator, to operate in therapeutic areas with significant unmet
medical needs and to bring significant value to patients and con-
sumers. Therefore, we invest heavily in research and development
to discover new treatment options and improve existing ones. We
are committed to working with our stakeholders and our partners
to ensure that people can access the medicines they need to stay
healthy and live longer.

In order to succeed in these areas, we seek sustainable ways
to leverage our size, global set-up and innovation power. Here,
striking the balance between innovation and operational excellence
will be key. We are pursuing a comprehensive effort to further
enhance our focus on customers. To boost customer intimacy, we
are strengthening our relationships with healthcare professionals
and building capabilities in digital, predictive and Big Data analytics.

The first pillar of our strategy is to reinforce our global footprint
by developing our tailored portfolio to address unmet medical
needs in all regions worldwide. While developed markets such as
the United States, Japan and Europe are key strategic markets for
our specialty innovation products, sales in growth markets such as
China will be driven by our mature specialty, established biologics
and broad general medicine portfolios. At the same time, it will be
essential for us to continue to focus our efforts on growing in the
United States in order to realize our ambition of being a truly global

leader. For example, with the co-promotion of Xalkori® with Pfizer,
we have entered the United States oncology market, which is help-
ing us to prepare for the future launch of avelumab, our anti-PD-L1i
antibody.

The second pillar of our strategy is to develop specialty assets
in early- and late-stage clinical development. Here, we are concen-
trating our efforts on oncology and immunology as well as ensuring
we remain a relevant player in our core therapeutic areas. For
example, we have made significant investments in R&D, especially in
areas of unmet medical need, and refined our focus on mechanisms
of action and molecules that are expected to lead to transformative
innovations in cancer care, neurology and immunology. Our aim is
to turn cancer patients into cancer survivors by being at the fore-
front of changing the future of cancer care. Further development
programs for immunology and neurology include cladribine tablets,
with a first-of-its-kind dosing regimen that serves as an important
therapeutic option for patients with relapsing-remitting multiple
sclerosis, and atacicept as a potential therapy of choice for lupus
patients with high disease activity.

The third pillar of our strategy is innovation. Our aspiration is
to develop high-quality, first-to-market and best-in-disease assets,
and to build a portfolio in each of our chosen therapeutic areas.
We have streamlined our pipeline and upgraded our innovation
capabilities with strong investigational drug candidates. In order
to maximize the impact of our R&D investments and increase our
chances of success in discovering and developing new medical
therapies, we focus our expertise on specific therapeutic areas and
are exploiting synergies in disease mechanisms and biological
pathways.

In this context, strategic collaborations are an integral part of
delivering on our commitment to transforming the lives of patients
living with serious unmet medical needs. We recognize the value
of collaboration in the research and development of breakthrough
therapies, as well as strengthening our current portfolio. Here, we
focus on balancing the right blend of internal capabilities and external
partnerships, building strong collaborations with other leaders in
industry, including Pfizer and Genea.

We are innovating beyond our pipeline projects with our Medical
Devices and Services unit and our Fertility technologies. In addition
to innovative therapeutic approaches, the way in which we engage
with customers will be vital to achieving our objective of becoming
a global specialty innovator.

Merck is in advanced stages of negotiations to divest the
Biosimilars business and the transaction is expected to close in 2017.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

Life Science strategy

As a leading business in the € 100 billion life science industry, the
purpose of the Life Science business sector is to solve the toughest
problems in life science by collaborating with the global scientific
community. To best meet the needs of our customers and accelerate
innovation, the business areas responsible for life science innova-
tion and product development are strategically organized around
our customers. Research Solutions focuses on academia and
pharmaceutical research institutions. Process Solutions markets
products for the entire pharmaceutical production value chain.
Applied Solutions serves clinical and diagnostic testing laboratories
as well as the food and environmental industries. With an expanded
portfolio of more than 300,000 products, most of which are availa-
ble on our industry leading e-commerce platform sigmaaldrich.com,
Life Science offers solutions, services and expertise across the
entire biopharma value chain.

Our strategy focuses on three areas: driving our core business;
realizing the planned synergies from the Merck Millipore and
Sigma-Aldrich integration by the end of 2018, and establishing new
pillars of growth.

To grow our portfolios, we are refreshing our operating model
and go-to-market strategy. Additionally, we will strengthen key
capabilities across Life Science by optimizing supply chain perfor-
mance to align service levels in Research Solutions and Applied
Solutions. In Process Solutions, we are showing strong business
continuity and upgrading quality performance in specific areas. Our
innovation capabilities remain critical for future growth and we will
leverage intellectual property as a strategy in key areas such as
gene editing. Information technology is a core capability for Life
Science as we work to improve our eCommerce, digital marketing
and analytics competences. Here we are building on and further
expanding our leadership position from legacy Sigma-Aldrich.

We have completed the first of three years of integration and
have made tremendous progress with all relevant roles in the new
organization in place and consolidation of integration teams into
respective business functions. The value of the integration is evident,
with a significant increase in sales and the realization of synergies
faster than anticipated through multiple geographic synergy initi-
atives, the eCommerce platform and complementary customer
accounts. We continue to focus on basic process harmonization
throughout the organization for employees and customer satisfaction.

s7

Based on a broad assessment of the market and competitive land-
scape and key industry trends, we have identified six strategic
initiatives to drive future growth. These include gene editing and
cell therapy as well as end-to-end solutions, where we aim to be
the partner of choice to accelerate product and drug development.
We are focused on completing our end-to-end offering of early and
late stage process development and facility design services for
accelerating local drug production. In addition, we are creating a new
connected lab ecosystem to solve laboratory pain points such as
data collection, documentation and replenishment.

Performance Materials strategy

In the Performance Materials business sector we want to sustainably
secure our market and technology leadership in display materials.
In addition, we want to leverage our expertise in liquid crystals
beyond the application field of displays. At the same time, we
benefit from the trends in the semiconductor industry and will also
continue to dominate the effect pigments market in applications
for coatings.

Global demand for innovative display solutions grew further in
recent years. We assume that increasing demand for high-quality
consumer goods will come from an expanding middle class in
growth markets also in the coming years. Therefore, we aim to
continue to strengthen our position as the market and technology
leader for liquid crystals. Key to this are new, sophisticated liquid
crystal technologies. Our eco-friendly, resource-conserving and
efficient liquid crystal technology SA-VA (self-aligned vertical align-
ment) for large-area displays is the next technology, with which
the first products are expected on the market in 2017.

The Integrated Circuit Materials business unit supports the entire
semiconductor industry with a portfolio of customized solutions.
There are limits to further increasing the capacity of conventional
silicon chips. At the same time, the costs, which for modern chips
today already amount to more than 50% of manufacturing costs,
are no longer declining at the same pace as before. This offers us
the opportunity to develop novel materials that allow our customers
to produce more powerful chips on the one hand, and to counteract
rising costs with innovative processes on the other hand. Photo-
lithography, deposition materials and dielectrics can increase semi-
conductor efficiency. Packaging materials are becoming increasingly
important for the development of 3D chip variants. This is precisely
where we have strengthened our portfolio through the acquisition
of Ormet Circuits.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

In the Pigments & Functional Materials business unit, we are further
expanding our leading position in effect pigments for automotive
coatings. We are continuing to defend our good market position in
pearlescent pigments for plastics, printing and cosmetics applica-
tions. Here we are concentrating on high-quality products and on
optimizing the supply chain. In functional materials, the focus of our
growth strategy continues to be on niche applications in cosmetics
(such as UV filters, insect repellents and anti-aging substances) as
well as technical functional materials (such as laser marking and
antistatic applications). Collaborations with external partners are
particularly attractive here.

Our Advanced Technologies business unit aims to develop prof-
itable future businesses - both for Performance Materials and
for Merck’s other business sectors. These also include the further
development of OLED materials as well as organic photovoltaics.
In 2016, we realigned our projects for future business fields to
megatrends such as miniaturization and the Internet of Things.

Strategic initiatives

The two strategic initiatives OLED (organic light-emitting diodes)
and LC 2021 are to significantly contribute to our future growth
and continue to generate attractive margins. It is our declared goal
to become the leading supplier of OLED materials. The commission-
ing of our new production plant for OLED materials in Darmstadt,
which significantly increases our production capacity, has brought
us an important step closer to this goal. The technology has the
potential to change the future for displays and lighting. Intense
colors, an especially deep black, thin structure, flexible use and
low energy consumption are just some of the advantages offered
by self-luminous OLED displays. OLED lighting applications score
high with thin, filigree, lightweight lighting panels and a natural-
appearing color spectrum. Under the umbrella of the LC 2021
strategic initiative, we are combining future applications of liquid
crystals beyond classic displays. In six fields altogether, we are
focusing on improved user experience on the one hand, and light
and data management on the other hand. First and foremost, this
comprises liquid crystal windows. In Veldhoven, the Netherlands,
we are establishing our own production for modules used in sun
protection and privacy control variants. It is scheduled to be com-
missioned at the end of 2017.

Strategic finance and dividend policy

We are pursuing a conservative financial policy characterized by
the following aspects:

Financial flexibility and a conservative funding strategy

We ensure that we meet our obligations at all times and adhere to
a conservative and proactive funding strategy that involves the use
of various financial instruments.

We have diversified and profitable businesses as the basis for
our strong and sustainable cash flow generation capacity. Moreover,
we have several funding resources in place. A € 2 billion syndicated
loan facility through to 2020 exists to cover any unexpected cash
needs. The facility is a pure back-up credit facility and has not been
drawn on so far. In addition, we can use a € 2 billion commercial
paper program to issue short-term commercial paper with a maturity
of up to one year.

Furthermore, we are using bilateral bank loan agreements with
first-class banks in order to optimize the funding structure and
cost. In this context, the bond market generally represents a key
element. However, owing to our focus on deleveraging, no bonds
were issued in 2016. In the past, Merck has mainly focused on
bond issues in Europe. In addition, we issued hybrid bonds amount-
ing to € 1.5 billion in 2014 and U.S. dollar bonds amounting to
US$ 4 billion in 2015 outside the Debt Issuance Program in order
to broaden the funding basis and to address different investor
groups.

Maintaining sustainable and reliable business relations with
a core group of banks

We mainly work with a well-diversified, financially stable and reliable
group of banks. Due to Merck’s long-term-oriented business
approach, bank relationships typically last for many years and are
characterized by professionalism and trust. The banking group
consists of banks with strong capabilities and expertise in various
products and geographic regions. We regard these banks as stra-
tegic partners. Accordingly, we involve them in important financing
transactions.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Objectives and Strategies

Strong investment grade rating

The rating of our creditworthiness by external rating agencies is
an important indicator of the company’s financial stability. A strong
investment grade rating is an important cornerstone of Merck’s
financial policy, as it safeguards access to capital markets at attrac-
tive financial conditions. Merck currently has a Baal rating from
Moody’s and an A rating from Standard & Poor’s (S&P), both with
a stable outlook. In addition, the European rating agency Scope
began covering our credit rating in 2016. The rating is A- with a
stable outlook. Within the next two to three years, it is of utmost
importance to us to sharply reduce our debt and to regain the
ratings we had prior to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.

Dividend policy

We are pursuing a sustainable dividend policy. Provided that the
economic environment develops in a stable manner, the current
dividend represents the minimum level for future dividend proposals.
The dividend policy is oriented towards the business development
and earnings increase of the coming years. However, dividend
growth could deviate, for example, within the scope of restructuring
or in the event of significant global economic developments. We aim
for a target corridor of 20% to 25% of EPS pre exceptionals.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Internal Management System

60

Internal Management System

As a global company with a diverse portfolio of products and _ The Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summarizes
services, we use a comprehensive framework of indicators to — the important financial performance measures of the Merck Group,
manage performance. The most important KPI (key performance __ reflects the comprehensive framework of financial KPIs to steer the
indicator) to measure performance is EBITDA pre exceptionals'. businesses and prioritize the allocation of cash resources. It consists

Merck Group

of three managerial dimensions, namely Merck Group, Business
and Projects, each of which require the use of different indicators.

Net sales,
EBITDA pre

Net income, EPS,

Business

Projects

Dividend ratio,
Credit rating

MEVA

Abbreviations

EBITDA pre = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization

EPS = Earnings per share

MEVA = Merck value added

BFCF = Business free cash flow
ROCE = Return on capital employed
NPV = Net present value

IRR = Internal rate of return

eNPV = expected Net present value
PoS = Probability of success

M&A = Mergers and acquisitions

1 Financial indicator not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Internal Management System

Key performance indicators of the Group
and its businesses

The three key performance indicators net sales, EBITDA pre excep-
tionals', and business free cash flow! are the most important
factors for assessing operational performance. Therefore, we refer
to these KPIs in the Report on Economic Position, the Report on Risks
and Opportunities, and in the Report on Expected Developments.
As the most important indicators of financial business performance,
the KPIs are key elements of our performance management system.

MERCK GROUP
Net sales

€ million

Net sales

61

Net sales

Net sales are defined as the revenues from the sale of goods,
services rendered to external customers, commission income and
profit-sharing from collaborations, net of value added tax and after
sales deductions such as rebates or discounts. Net sales are the
main indicator of our business growth and therefore an important
parameter of external as well as internal performance measure-
ment. In addition, acquisition- and currency-adjusted sales are
used for internal performance management.

Change
2016 2015 € million in %
15,024 12,845 2,179 17.0%

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals is the main performance indicator meas-
uring ongoing operational profitability and is used internally and
externally. To provide an alternative understanding of the under-
lying operational performance, it excludes from the operating result
depreciation and amortization, impairment losses and reversals of
impairment losses as well as exceptionals. The exceptionals are
restricted to the following categories: integration costs, IT costs

MERCK GROUP
Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre exceptionals!

for selected projects, restructuring costs, gains/losses on the
divestment of business, acquisition costs, and other exceptionals.
The classification of specific income and expenses as exceptionals
follows clear rules and underlies strict governance at Group level.
Within the scope of internal performance management, EBITDA
pre allows for the necessary changes or restructuring without
penalizing the performance of the operating business.

Change
€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
Operating result (EBIT)?* 2,481 1,843 637 34.6%
Depreciation and amortization 1,805 1,383 422 30.5%
Impairment losses/reversals of impairment losses 129 128 2 1.2%
EBITDA? 4,415 3,354 1,061 31.6%
Restructuring costs 22 48 -26 -54.0%
Integration costs/IT costs 193 78 116 >100.0%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses -304 2 -305 >100.0%
Acquisition-related exceptionals 153 133 20 15.3%
Other exceptionals 11 16 -5 -32.7%
EBITDA pre exceptionals* 4,490 3,630 861 23.7%

1 Financial indicator not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Internal Management System

Business free cash flow (BFCF)

Business free cash flow comprises the major cash-relevant items
that the operating businesses can influence and are under their full
control. It comprises EBITDA pre exceptionals less investments in
property, plant and equipment, software, advance payments for

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow

62

intangible assets, changes in inventories, trade accounts receivable
as well as receivables from royalties and licenses. To manage work-
ing capital on a regional and local level, the businesses use the two
indicators days sales outstanding and days in inventory.

Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals+ 4,490 3,630 861 23.7%
Investments in property, plant and equipment,

software as well as advance payments for intangible assets -859 -609 -250 41.1%
Changes in inventories according to the consolidated balance sheet 3 -950 953 >100.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables

from royalties and licenses according to the consolidated balance sheet -177 -514 337 -65.6%
Adjustment first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich -149 1,210 -1,359 >100.0%
Adjustment first-time consolidation of BioControl Systems 10 - 10 >100.0%
Business free cash flow? 3,318 2,766 552 20.0%

1 Financial indicator not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Investments and value management

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term
success of the company. To optimize the allocation of financial
resources, we use a defined set of parameters as criteria for the
prioritization of investment opportunities and portfolio decisions.

Net present value

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportunities
is net present value. It is based on the discounted cash flow method
and is calculated as the sum of the discounted free cash flows over
the projection period of a project. The weighted average cost of
capital (WACC), representing the weighted average of the cost
of equity and cost of debt, is used as the discount rate. Depending
on the type and location of a project different mark-ups are applied
to the WACC.

Internal rate of return (IRR)

The internal rate of return is a further important criterion for the
assessment of acquisition projects and investments in property,
plant and equipment. It is the discount rate that makes the present
value of all future free cash flows equal to the initial investment or
the purchase price of an acquisition. A project adds value if the
internal rate of return is higher than the weighted cost of capital
including mark-ups.

Return on capital employed (ROCE)

In addition to NPV and IRR, when looking at individual accounting
periods, ROCE is an important metric for the assessment of invest-
ment projects. It is calculated as the operating result (EBIT) pre
exceptionals divided by the sum of property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets, trade accounts receivable and trade accounts
payable, as well as inventories.

Payback period

An additional parameter to prioritize investments into property,
plant and equipment is the payback period, which indicates the
time in years after which an investment will generate positive net
cash flow.

Merck value added (MEVA)

MEVA gives information about the financial value created in a period.
Value is created when the return on capital employed (ROCE) of
the company or the business is higher than the weighted average
cost of capital (WACC). MEVA metrics provide us with a powerful
tool to weigh investment and spending decisions against capital
requirements and investors’ expectations.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Internal Management System

Capital market-related parameters

Net income, earnings per share (EPS) and earnings per
share pre exceptionals (EPS pre):

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax attrib-
utable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA (net income) by the
weighted average number of theoretical shares outstanding. The
use of a theoretical number of shares takes into account the fact
that the general partner’s capital is not represented by shares. To
provide an alternative view, we also report earnings per share pre
exceptionals, in other words adjusted for the effects of integration
costs, IT costs for selected projects, restructuring costs, gains/
losses on the divestment of businesses, acquisition costs and other
exceptionals. Moreover, amortization of acquired intangible assets
as well as impairment losses on property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets are adjusted. The adjustment excludes impairment
losses on intangible assets for acquired research and development
(R&D) projects below a threshold value of € 50 million. Income tax
is calculated on the basis of the company’s underlying tax rate.

Credit rating

The rating of our credit worthiness by external agencies is an
important indicator with respect to our ability to raise debt capital
at attractive market conditions. The capital market makes use of
the assessments published by independent rating agencies in order
to assist debt providers in estimating the risks associated with
a financial instrument. We are currently assessed by Moody’s,
Standard & Poor's (S&P) and Scope. The most important factor for
the credit rating is the ability to repay debt, which is determined in
particular by the ratio of operating cash flow to (net) financial debt.

Dividend ratio

With the aim of ensuring an attractive return to our shareholders,
we are pursuing a reliable dividend policy with a target payout ratio
based on EPS pre exceptionals (see definition above).

1 Financial indicator not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

63

Other relevant/non-financial
performance measures

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of the
businesses, non-financial measures also play an important role in
furthering the success of the company. From a Group perspective,
specifically innovations in the businesses as well as the attraction
and retention of highly qualified employees are of central importance.

Innovation

Innovations are the foundation of our business and will also be the
prerequisite for future success in changing markets. We are con-
tinuously working to develop new products and service innovations
for patients and customers. Indicators for the degree of innovation
are defined individually depending on the specifics of the respective
businesses.

Talent retention

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the basis for
achieving our ambitious business goals. Therefore, we put a strong
focus on establishing the processes and the environment needed
to attract and retain the right talent with the right capabilities at the
right time. To measure the success of the related measures, we have
implemented talent retention as an important non-financial indicator.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Responsibility

We take responsibility every day - and have been doing so for
nearly 350 years. This commitment is codified in our corporate
strategy and values. Responsible conduct with respect to
employees, products, the environment, and society is a funda-
mental prerequisite for our business success.

Strategy and management

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are steered by our CR
Committee, which consists of representatives from our business
sectors and relevant Group functions. Belén Garijo, Executive Board
Member and CEO Healthcare, became chairperson of the committee
in June 2016.

64

Mankind is confronted with global societal challenges such as climate
impact, resource scarcity and insufficient access to health in low- to
middle-income countries. We believe that we can help resolve these
global challenges through our innovative healthcare, life science
and performance materials products, as well as through responsible
governance. Responsible conduct means looking, listening and
doing better. We respect the interests of our employees, customers,
investors, and society, and work to minimize ethical, economic and
social risks, thereby securing our success. This is an integral part
of our corporate strategy, which in turn underpins our CR strategy,
the basis for the responsible governance we live each and every
day. In realizing our corporate responsibility, we focus our resources
on those areas where we can have the greatest impact. We pursue
three strategic spheres of activity: health, the environment as well
as culture and education. The focus here is always on securing the
future of society and our competitiveness.

CR Strategy

Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

Health: In low- to middle-income countries, many people lack access
to high-quality health solutions. We are applying our expertise here
and joining forces with strong partners to develop solutions for
patients locally. Our fight against the worm disease schistosomiasis
in Africa is a good example.

Environment: We are constantly working to improve the sustain-
ability footprint of our products and are furthermore helping our
customers achieve their own sustainability goals. One example is
the development of new liquid crystal technologies through which
our liquid crystals reduce the power consumption of smartphone
and tablet displays.

Culture and education: Cultural offerings inspire people and
expand their horizons. Research and development throughout the
world thus benefit from creativity, ingenuity, and enthusiasm. Cul-
tural inspiration also opens people up to new ideas. It favorably
influences society’s acceptance of science, technological progress
and innovations. This is why we promote cultural initiatives and
educational programs around the world.

The Merck
family

Customers

We support relevant responsible governance initiatives. We are
a member of the United Nations Global Compact and are committed
to complying with the compact’s principles regarding human rights,
labor standards, environmental protection, and anti-corruption.
Moreover, we also live our corporate responsibility through our
commitment to follow the guidelines of the Responsible Care Global
Charter, an initiative of the International Council of Chemical
Associations (ICCA). Responsible Care aims to drive continuous
improvement and achieve excellence in environmental, health and
safety, and security performance in the chemical industry. We were
among the first companies to sign the revised version of the
Responsible Care Global Charter in 2014. Furthermore, we are also
a member of the Chemie? initiative in Germany, a collaboration
between the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the
German Employers’ Federation of the Chemical Industry (BAVC), and
the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE).
As part of this globally unique alliance, the partners want to make
sustainability a core part of the chemical industry’s guiding principles
and to jointly drive the sector’s position within the German economy
as a key contributor to sustainable development.

Se.
WZ

Management
and labor repre-
sentatives

——

Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

To us, corporate responsibility means taking action and listening.
The dialogue with our various stakeholder groups is therefore highly
important to us. These stakeholders include employees, business
associates, the Merck family, investors, regulatory agencies, and
associations. We also engage in this continuous exchange to create
transparency and clearly demonstrate how we live the Merck values.

Thanks to good performance with respect to responsible and
sustainable entrepreneurial conduct, we were again included in the
FTSE4Good index in 2016. To be included in this leading interna-
tional sustainability index, a company must demonstrate socially
conscientious, ecological and ethical conduct. In 2016, we also
maintained our good standing in other major sustainability indices.
For instance, we were again included in the STOXX Global ESG
Leaders index, as well as the Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index
and the Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence Europe. In
autumn 2016, among the German blue-chip companies included
in the DAX, we achieved tenth place in the Good Company Ranking
published by Kirchhoff Consult.

Strategic sphere of activity: Health

Access to Health (A2H) is one of our strategic priorities. Through
our A2H approach, which spans all our businesses, we aim to help
improve sustainable access to high-quality health solutions for
underserved populations and communities in low- and middle-income
countries. Since we realize that access is a complex and multifaceted
challenge with no one-size-fits-all solution, our programs and ini-
tiatives are tailored to global, regional and local needs. We consider
partnerships, collaboration and dialogue to be key instruments in
delivering sustainable results.

During his presidency of the International Federation of Pharma-
ceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) from 2014 to the
end of 2016, Stefan Oschmann, Chairman of the Executive Board
and CEO, focused on the core topic of accelerating access to
high-quality health solutions for people in low- to middle-income
countries.

In November 2016, the Access to Medicine Foundation of the
Netherlands recognized our efforts to improve access to health. In
the 2016 Access to Medicine Index, Merck ranked fourth, moving
up two places relative to 2014 and 13 places relative to 2010. Every
two years, this index assesses the world’s leading pharmaceutical
companies with respect to their activities and initiatives to promote
access to medicine in developing countries. The Access to Medicine
Foundation praised us for our access goals, which have now been
aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the
United Nations. Through this ranking, the foundation also recog-
nized our Access to Health (A2H) strategy, which is embedded in
our core business and focuses on four areas known as the “4As”:
Availability, Affordability, Awareness, and Accessibility. The Access
to Medicine Foundation also praised our numerous access initiatives.

66

Availability

Availability entails the research, development and refinement of
health solutions that address unmet needs and are tailored to local
environments. Together with our partners, we are working to fight
widespread diseases in developing countries. One example is the
Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. Through this public-private
partnership, we are working on a pediatric formulation of prazi-
quantel to treat the worm disease schistosomiasis in children under
the age of six. In 2016, the consortium launched a Phase II study
in Ivory Coast. The objective of the study is to find the optimum
dose of the new formulation. In October 2016, the consortium was
furthermore awarded a prestigious research grant from the Japa-
nese Global Health Innovation Technology Fund for the third time.
Another example is our partnership with the Medicines for Malaria
Venture, which seeks to develop new antimalarials. In 2016, we
also launched a research collaboration with the University of Cape
Town in South Africa to pursue the same objective. In addition to
these efforts, our Healthcare and Life Science business sectors
are currently developing a kit for malaria diagnosis based on the
MUSE cell analysis system. This kit will detect and type the malaria
pathogen as well as identify relevant immune cells in the event of
a concurrent HIV infection. When used in insect repellents, our prod-
uct IR3535® helps protect against infections transmitted by mosquito
bites, such as malaria, yellow fever and the Zika virus. Products
containing this active ingredient stand out due to their particularly
good tolerability in young children and pregnant women.

Affordability

We seek to address affordability challenges through our efforts to
provide assistance to those people who are unable to pay for the
health solutions they need. To tackle these challenges, we have
taken a pro-access approach through our intellectual property initi-
atives and are engaging in equitable pricing strategies. We provide
transparent information about our patents and patent applications
on publicly available databases. Moreover, we are a member of
WIPO Re:Search, an open innovation platform sponsored by the
World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). Through intellectual
property and knowledge sharing, platform partners seek to accel-
erate early discovery for infectious diseases. In early 2016, our
partnership with the University of Buea in Cameroon, which aims
to repurpose compounds from our library to develop a treatment for
onchocerciasis (also known as river blindness), received a research
grant from the renowned Wellcome Trust of the United Kingdom.
Furthermore, we are working with the World Health Organization
(WHO) to combat the worm disease schistosomiasis in Africa.
Through the Merck Praziquantel Donation program, we are donating
Cesol® 600 tablets containing the active ingredient praziquantel
to WHO. Since the start of this program, more than 100 million
patients — primarily school-aged children — have been treated. In
total, we have donated more than 500 million praziquantel tablets
to WHO since 2007. As a founding member of the Global Schisto-
somiasis Alliance, we are helping to eliminate schistosomiasis
worldwide.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

Awareness

We help to raise awareness by empowering health workers, com-
munities and patients with the appropriate tools, knowledge and
skills to make informed decisions. For instance, we have been
supporting the Developing Countries Vaccine Manufacturers Net-
work (DCVMN) since 2012 in order to improve the safety and
quality of biotech production. Through our Access Dialogues series,
we are promoting discourse on access-to-health challenges with
numerous public and private stakeholders. In 2016, the series
focused on the supply chain. In India, we are working with various
non-governmental organizations as well as the Indian Health and
Family Ministry to support the Su-Swastha project, which is working
to provide underserved rural populations with affordable health
solutions and raise awareness on health issues. In 2016, the project
had reached 26,129 people through 1,238 community meetings.
The Global Pharma Health Fund (GPHF), a non-profit organization
funded by Merck, works to combat counterfeit medicines in devel-
oping and emerging countries. To date, the GPHF has supplied
more than 795 Minilabs at cost to detect counterfeit medicines
in more than 90 countries. Furthermore, through our Capacity
Advancement Program (CAP), we are working to raise awareness
and further the prevention of non-communicable diseases such as
diabetes and cancer, as well as to address the issue of infertility.

Accessibility

We promote initiatives to strengthen supply chains and to develop
localized health solutions in order to deliver and reach out efficiently
at the point of care. We support training and knowledge sharing
with our manufacturing partners in Africa, Asia and Latin America
with the aim of strengthening local manufacturing quality stand-
ards. In India, we are cooperating with the non-profit organization
known as Narmada Samagra. Our River Ambulance transports
health workers and provides healthcare solutions to local popula-
tions living in the remote region along the Narmada River. In early
2016, we donated a new boat to River Narmada Samagra so that
even more people can be reached in the future. Additionally, we
are funding a health center that serves around 150 patients a month
in Jharkhand, a state in northeastern India.

Strategic sphere of activity:
Environment

Through our products, we are helping overcome global challenges
such as climate impact and resource scarcity. At the same time,
we are also helping our customers to reduce the negative impacts
of their own activities and to achieve their own sustainability goals.

Performance Materials: Investments to boost sustainability
In 2016, our Performance Materials business sector made several
large investments. In August 2016, we announced plans to invest
€ 15 million in the construction of a production plant for liquid
crystal window modules in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. In doing
so, we are pursuing the goal of leveraging our market and tech-

67

nology leadership in liquid crystals beyond their use in energy-
saving displays. The manufacture of the switchable glass modules
is to begin at the end of 2017. According to initial measurement
results, our smart windows can cut the energy use of air-conditioned
buildings by up to 40% and replace conventional shading solutions.
We are thus helping builders to save resources and costs. These
windows can be manually or automatically controlled to darken and
provide sun protection - and to do so in a variety of colors. This
technology is made possible thanks to the special properties of our
liquid crystals, which in smart windows are combined with custom-
ized dyes. When a low electric voltage is applied, the liquid crystals
allow electromagnetic waves (i.e. light) to be either absorbed and
blocked (dark state), or to pass through (transparent state).
Another variant can control the transparency of liquid crystal win-
dows. If people want more privacy, they can switch to privacy
mode, which turns the glass opaque. In contrast to competitive
technologies, our long-lasting licrivision® materials switch in sec-
onds and have high color neutrality. Architects and builders can
customize the desired color to suit the setting.

Furthermore, we opened a new OLED materials production
plant at our Darmstadt site in September 2016. With a total
investment of around € 30 million, this is one of the largest single
investments we have made at the Darmstadt site in recent years.
Organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) are semiconducting organic
materials that luminesce when electric voltage is applied. They are
particularly well suited for use in state-of-the-art displays and light-
ing. OLED displays provide brilliant colors and sharp images from
any viewing angle and are highly energy-efficient. They are also
thin and flexible, which enables entirely new shapes and opens up
a broad spectrum of totally new applications.

For the semiconductor industry, we have developed a series of
environmentally sustainable specialty chemicals and materials -
including PFOS-free antireflective and photoresist coatings that
contain no trace of dangerous chemicals.

In cooperation with our customers from the cosmetics industry,
we are developing cosmetic formulations that meet strict sustain-
ability criteria and align with the continuing trend towards more
natural cosmetics. Many of our products meet the criteria defined by
Ecocert, an independent organization representing high interna-
tional standards for natural cosmetic raw materials.

Life Science: Reducing our customers’ environmental impacts
Within our Life Science business sector, the Design for Sustaina-
bility (DfS) program aims to reduce environmental impacts of
devices and instruments, also through customers’ own use. Begin-
ning with the concept stage, product teams identify potential
environmental impacts in various product life cycle stages and
opportunities to make improvements. A scorecard is used to assess
product design in six focus categories: Materials, Energy & Emis-
sions, Waste, Water, Packaging, as well as Usability & Innovation.
As of December 31, 2016, we had achieved improvements in at
least three of our self-defined sustainability criteria for 32% of
our new Biomonitoring product developments and/or further
developments.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

In biopharmaceutical production, numerous products such as plas-
tic bags and tubing are used only once and then disposed of. This
is due, among other things, to the low risk of contamination posed
by single-use products. Together with customers and recycling
firms, our Life Science business sector is developing sustainable
recycling programs. Our objective is to avoid incinerating the waste
streams by offering recycling options so as to reduce the environ-
mental impacts.

In addition, our Life Science researchers are developing inno-
vative solutions in line with the “12 Principles of Green Chemistry”
developed by chemists Paul T. Anastas and John C. Warner. The
objective is to permit production that is as environmentally com-
patible as possible, and to minimize adverse effects on human
health. Within the framework of Green Chemistry, researchers seek
alternative, environmentally sustainable reaction media with higher
reaction rates and lower reaction temperatures in order to make
production more energy-efficient. With Dozn®, we have developed
a Web-based analysis tool for Green Chemistry. To date, we have
used the matrix to evaluate more than 40 products and improve
them afterwards.

In 2016, we launched Cyrene™ onto the market. The solvent
is based on renewable cellulose and is used, among other things,
as an alternative to dimethylformamide. With Cyrene™ we help
our customers in the pharmaceutical and agrochemical industries
to lower the environmental impact of their production processes
and make them safer. Joint research work with the University of
Strathclyde in Glasgow, United Kingdom, has proven the efficacy
of Cyrene™.

Strategic sphere of activity:
Culture and Education

Cultural promotion is a core element of our commitment to society,
building on our centuries-old tradition of supporting art as well as
culture and education. After all, culture nurtures characteristics
that are essential to our business activities as a high-tech company:
creativity, enthusiasm for new discoveries, curiosity, and the courage
to transcend boundaries. Our cultural initiatives focus on music,
literature and education.

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck is our musical ambassador. We
consider classical music to be the universal language that brings
people together; as such, it is an important part of our culture. The
concerts of this professional ensemble are highly popular, with
around 23,000 people attending them per year. They represent an
integral part of the cultural life in the vicinity of our Group head-
quarters in Darmstadt. Special events for children and adolescents
are intended to make classical music more accessible to young
people, as do partnerships with schools like the orchestra workshop
we have held once a year since 2010. In 2016, the Deutsche
Philharmonie Merck celebrated its 50th anniversary and, among
other activities, performed a joint concert at the Frankfurt
Jahrhunderthalle with Einshoch6, a Munich-based hip-hop band.

68

Promoting literature

Literature can stimulate the imagination; it can alleviate fears and
give courage. Literature can also address scientific issues, thus
furthering a deeper understanding of science and research.
Through our involvement, we want to help society better accept
science and scientific progress. Furthermore, as an international
company, we further writers who drive cultural exchange in our
globalized world.

We grant and promote five literary prizes worldwide. Since
1964, we have been sponsoring the renowned Johann Heinrich
Merck Award for Literary Critique and Essay, which is presented
by the German Academy for Language and Poetry at its annual
autumn conference. Worth € 20,000, this award went to writer and
blogger Kathrin Passig in 2016. For 14 years, we have been spon-
soring the Premio Letterario Merck in Italy. This award is worth
€ 10,000 and recognizes authors who build bridges between litera-
ture and science, thereby making them accessible to a wide audience.
In 2016, the winners were Italian immunologist Alberto Mantovani
and British writer, historian and naturalist Helen Macdonald. In
India, Merck partners with the Goethe-Institut Calcutta to present
the Merck Tagore Award. Worth 500,000 Indian rupees (around
€ 6,800), this literary prize is granted every two years to authors
who have made a distinctive contribution to the cultural exchange
between Germany and India. In 2016, psychoanalyst and writer
Sudhir Kakar received the award. In Japan, we partner with the
Goethe-Institut Tokyo to present the Merck Kakehashi Literature
Prize. Worth a total of € 20,000, this award is granted every two
years to contemporary works by German authors that are made
accessible to a wider readership in Japan. In 2016, the prize went
to writer IIma Rakusa and her translator Fuminari Niimoto. In Sep-
tember 2016, Merck in Russia presented the first Merck Translation
Award to Vladislava Agafonova (fiction), Kirill Levinson (non-fiction)
and Alexandra Gorbova (children’s literature). Each winner received
€ 4,000 in prize money.

Education

We view education as a key component of culture — and vice versa.
Education can help us understand culture. But culture can also
build a bridge to education; it can stimulate curiosity and nurture
creativity. We therefore support educational projects at many of
our sites by granting scholarships, for instance, or by sponsoring
specific classes. To promote young scientists, Merck has hosted the
renowned annual “Jugend forscht” science competition for the
German federal state of Hesse every year since 1996. In partner-
ship with the Technical University of Darmstadt, we inaugurated
the Junior Biology Lab in autumn 2016.

The SPARK initiative was launched in early 2016. This volunteer
program motivates employees from our Life Science business sector
to share their knowledge with school students. In February and
March 2016, 3,465 employees in 36 countries for the first time gave
students exciting insights into the world of science, for example.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

Responsibility for our products

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate responsi-
bility. When used properly, they must pose no risk to customers,
patients, consumers, or the environment. Our goal is to ensure a
positive benefit/risk profile for our products, which is why we reg-
ularly examine safety across their entire life cycle and continuously
take steps to minimize risks. We provide patients, consumers and
customers with extensive informational material so that they can
use our products in a safe, responsible and proper manner.
Through our compliance policies for our Biopharma and Consumer
Health businesses, we set standards for responsible marketing
activities relating to our medicines. These aim to ensure that
patients and healthcare professionals have access to the relevant
information, and that patients receive effective treatment.

Safety of our chemical products

Numerous regulations are in place to ensure that chemicals pose
no risk to humans or the environment. Compliance with these
regulatory requirements is an important part of our work. Through
our Group-wide Product Safety Chemicals policy, we have estab-
lished global processes for defining, directing and implementing
product safety, as well as the corresponding management struc-
tures. We incorporate all relevant national and international chemical
regulations into our policies and guidelines and adhere to them.
This includes the EU chemicals regulations REACH (Registration,
Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) and CLP
(Classification, Labelling and Packaging of Substances and Mixtures,
EU GHS). Furthermore, we are committed to transparency. For
instance, in line with the Global Product Strategy, an international
initiative of the chemical industry, we provide our customers with
product safety summaries for hazardous materials.

We are working to register all our chemical substances in
accordance with REACH. We successfully completed registration
phase I in 2010 and registration phase II in 2013. The next step,
in phase III, is for us to evaluate and register all substances
produced or imported in quantities ranging from one to 100 metric
tons annually by the beginning of June 2018. This process now also
includes substances from Sigma-Aldrich and is fully on schedule.

Safety of our healthcare products

Patient and consumer safety has top priority in everything we do.
During the entire life cycle of our medicines and consumer health
products, we provide patients, consumers and physicians with
up-to-date risk-benefit evaluations. To this end, company experts
process safety-relevant information from various sources such
as clinical trials, adverse reaction reports and scientific literature.

69

Ultimate responsibility for the safety of our biopharmaceuticals is
borne by our Global Chief Medical Officer, with support from the
Medical Safety and Ethics Board (MSEB). Our Global Drug Safety
unit continuously monitors and evaluates the safety and risk-
benefit ratio of our medicines worldwide (pharmacovigilance). For
our Consumer Health products, this function is performed by the
Global Product Safety unit. Overall responsibility for the safety of
our over-the-counter products is borne by the Chief Medical Officer
for the Consumer Health business, supported by the Safety &
Labelling Committee (SLC).

For products in our Allergopharma business, we have developed
comprehensive clinical efficacy and safety profiles that we contin-
uously update. For the safety of our patients, we have established
a global pharmacovigilance system that we are always working to
enhance.

Quality of our products

Our goal is to provide customers and patients with high-quality
brand-name products. Through our quality vision - “Quality is
embedded in everything we do!” — we remind our employees of
their responsibility across all business sectors, all Group functions
and all levels of the company.

Supplier management

We source raw materials, packaging materials, technical products,
components, and services from suppliers across more than 130
countries. Our basic expectations for suppliers and service providers
include their compliance with fundamental environmental and
social standards, which are primarily derived from the core labor
standards of the ILO (International Labour Organisation), from the
UN Global Compact, and from the Code of Conduct of the BME
(German Federal Association for Materials Management, Purchasing
and Logistics). Our Group Procurement Policy and Responsible
Sourcing Principles define our procurement practices and are inte-
grated into our general terms and conditions. They therefore con-
stitute the foundation of every sourcing transaction and procedure.
Due to the growing significance of emerging markets as sourcing
markets for Merck, we have reinforced our efforts to ensure adher-
ence to our supply chain standards. At the end of 2014, we joined
the Together for Sustainability (TfS) chemical industry initiative.
Since then, we have been utilizing the supplier assessment and
audit results shared among all member companies, who in turn
abide by all restrictions stipulated within competition law. Through
TfS, we currently have access to assessments for more than 670
of our most important suppliers. Since 2015, we have initiated
around 400 TfS assessments. In addition, we have initiated 26 TfS
audits since 2014.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

Responsibility for our employees

Employees are crucial to the success of a company. They therefore
play a central role in our business endeavors. In accordance with
the Merck values, we live a culture of mutual esteem and respect.
We seek to further our entrepreneurial success by recruiting, devel-
oping and motivating the most suitable employees, which is why
we focus our employee strategy on talent development, compen-
sation, and performance management. We furthermore strive to
foster diversity among our employees (more information can be
found under “People at Merck”).

Responsibility for the environment

In the manufacture of our products, we seek to impact the envi-
ronment as little as possible. This especially includes efficiently
conserving resources such as energy, water and raw materials
while also continuously reducing our emissions and waste.

Environmental management system

In our Corporate EHS Policy, we have defined our principles and
strategies for environment, health and safety. This policy is imple-
mented through internal guidelines and instruction manuals on
compliant behavior in day-to-day operations, such as the Merck
Group EHS Security and Quality Manual. At all our sites, local EHS
managers are in charge of operational environmental protection
measures. These employees continually receive training and obtain
additional qualifications. Since our businesses are constantly
changing, our environmental management system must also
remain flexible and adaptable. For this reason, internal and external
audits are conducted on a regular basis to determine whether the
ISO 14001 requirements are still being met. In 2016, we obtained
an ISO 14001 group certificate for our environmental management
system for the eighth consecutive year. This certificate covers

ENERGY CONSUMPTION:

79

57 sites. Seven sites belonging to the recently acquired company
Sigma-Aldrich are already certified to ISO 14001. Our spending
on environmental protection, health and safety efforts totaled
€ 189 million in 2016, which also includes investments made during
the year.

Focus areas: Energy efficiency, greenhouse

gas emissions, water

Climate impact and resource scarcity are key challenges facing
society in the 21st century. As a responsible company, it is espe-
cially important for us to do our part. We have therefore set
ourselves the goal of reducing total direct and indirect greenhouse
gas emissions by 20% by 2020 (2006 baseline), irrespective of
production growth. To achieve this goal, we have launched EDISON,
a climate protection program that consolidates all our climate
impact mitigation and energy efficiency activities. In 2017, we will
continue investing in efforts to conserve energy and reduce green-
house gas emissions. Through the approximately 270 EDISON
projects initiated since 2012, we aim to annually save around
94 metric kilotons of CO, in the medium term. In 2016, we lowered
our greenhouse gas emissions by around 10% relative to the 2006
baseline, despite growth in our operating business. Our Life Science
business sector is playing a major role in our efforts. In 2014,
process optimizations resulted in a two-thirds reduction in our
process-related emissions at our facility in Jaffrey, New Hampshire
(USA). In 2015, we initiated a project to further cut emissions
that is scheduled to end in 2017. Other projects are being planned.
In 2016, we also successfully completed measures to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption at our site in
Onahama, Japan. Because of its pigment production operations,
this facility is one of the highest energy consumers of all Merck
sites worldwide. For this reason, we switched the process steam
generation for production to natural gas combustion, and the pig-
ment kilns are now fired with natural gas. These changes are saving
us roughly 3,200 metric tons of CO, emissions per year.

(in GWh) 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Total energy consumption 2,058 2,108 2,158 2,256 2,253
Direct energy consumption 1,187 1,286 1,354 1,451 1,443
Natural gas 1,070 1,157 1,212 1,212 1,272
Liquid fossil fuels 104 114 115 104 30
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy 13 15 27 135 141
Indirect energy consumption 871 822 804 805 810
Electricity 744 743 707 709 715
Steam, heat, cold 127 79 97 96 95

1Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Corporate Responsibility

CO,EQ EMISSIONS (EQ = EQUIVALENTS)!

7

Emissions in kt, Scope 1 and 2 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Total CO,eq emissions 761 784 736 729 715
Direct CO,eq emissions 379 417 390 393 386
Indirect CO,eq emissions 382 367 346 336 329

1Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for sustainable
energy efficiency and climate impact mitigation. Our production sites
in Darmstadt and Gernsheim account for around 29% of our global
energy consumption. In 2012, both of these facilities qualified
for ISO 50001 - Energy Management System certificates, which
were reaffirmed in 2016. Currently, 13 of our production sites have
a certified energy management system. The results of the Carbon
Disclosure Project likewise indicate that we are on the right path.
In 2016, this independent non-profit organization ranked us among
the top five companies in our industry in German-speaking coun-
tries. For the first time, we achieved the status of sector leader
and, at fourth place, moved up two places relative to 2015. The
Carbon Disclosure Project assesses companies in terms of their
emissions reduction progress and climate impact reporting.

In addition to energy, we also focused on the topic of water in
2016. We systematically examined our sites to determine which
ones have a high annual water consumption and are located in
regions where water is scarce and thus an especially precious
resource. At the beginning of 2016, we set the goal of implement-
ing a sustainable water management system at sites with high
consumption levels by 2020. At sites with relevant water use
located in areas of high water stress, we are aiming to cut our
water consumption by 10% by 2020 (2014 baseline).

Responsibility for society

We see ourselves as part of society — both at our individual sites
and worldwide. Taking responsibility towards society is an integral
part of our entrepreneurial approach. We believe that we can make
an important contribution to society through our knowledge, our
skills and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused on
those areas in which we have specific expertise stemming from our
core businesses. We are thus engaged in health and environmental
projects and furthermore support education, especially in the nat-
ural sciences. We provide disaster relief in emergency situations,
particularly in those regions in which we operate.

Our subsidiaries are engaged in a wide variety of local projects.
We have defined a general set of criteria for selecting projects, and
the decisions concerning specific local projects are made by our
subsidiaries. In 2016, we spent a total of € 43 million on community
engagement activities. Our patient support programs, for instance
the Erbitux® China Patients Assistance Program amounting to
around € 153 million, are not taken into consideration here.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Research and Development

We conduct research and development (R&D) worldwide in
order to develop new products and services designed to improve
the quality of life of patients and to satisfy the needs of our
customers. Further optimizing the relevance and efficiency of
our research and development activities - either on our own or
in cooperation with third parties — is one of our top priorities.

To address long-term health and technology trends in both estab-
lished and growth markets, approximately 6,200 employees work
for Merck researching innovations.

In 2016, Merck spent around € 2.0 billion on research and
development, thus exceeding the previous year’s level (2015:
€ 1.7 billion). This was due mainly to the intensified R&D activities
of our Healthcare business sector. We focus on both in-house
research and external collaborations, which enable us to increase
the productivity of our research while simultaneously reducing
financial outlay. The organizational set-up of our research and
development activities reflects the structure of Merck with three
business sectors.

Healthcare
Biopharma

Oncology

With regard to Erbitux®, we announced in April that the pivotal
Chinese Phase III (TAILOR study) met its primary endpoint of
significantly increasing progression-free survival (PFS) in patients
with RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) treated
with Erbitux® (cetuximab) plus FOLFOX chemotherapy, compared
with FOLFOX alone. Detailed data were presented from this first
prospective study to evaluate an anti-EGFR antibody in first-line
therapy of patients with RAS wild-type mCRC at the European
Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) World Congress on Gastro-
intestinal Cancer in July in Barcelona. The study included
393 patients and showed that Erbitux® (cetuximab) plus FOLFOX
statistically significantly improved outcomes compared to FOLFOX
alone, including best overall response rate (61.1% vs. 39.5%),
lowered the risk of disease progression by 31%, and decreased the
risk of death by 24%. Progression-free survival was significantly
improved by the combination of Erbitux® plus FOLFOX vs. FOLFOX
alone (9.2 vs. 7.4 months), as was overall survival (20.7 vs. 17.8

72

months). These results reaffirm that Erbitux® plus FOLFOX is an
effective treatment regimen for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.
As the first prospective trial evaluating Erbitux® in RAS wild-type
patients, the TAILOR results show the importance of RAS biomarker
testing in order to determine the appropriate targeted therapy
for individual patients, based on their tumor’s genetic make-up.
The safety profile of Erbitux® in this trial was manageable and
similar to that observed in other pivotal trials, with no unexpected
safety findings. Based on these results, we are evaluating the most
appropriate way to make Erbitux® available in China as a first-line
treatment for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC as soon as possible.

In April we announced that a new liquid biopsy RAS biomarker
test, which we are co-developing and commercializing with Sysmex
Inostics, has been granted CE Mark approval. This test will now be
made widely accessible for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer
in Europe, Asia, Latin America and Australia. The testing technol-
ogy, OncoBEAM® RAS CRC assay can be used to determine which
patients would benefit from anti-epidermal growth factor receptor
(anti-EGFR) therapies, such as Erbitux® (cetuximab). The liquid
biopsy RAS biomarker test is a comprehensive 34-mutation panel
that is based on the BEAMing (Beads, Emulsion, Amplification and
Magnetics) technology. The test only requires a small blood sample
(10 ml), rather than a tissue biopsy, to determine the mutation
status of tumors. The test has the potential to provide mutation
status results within days, which can help guide quicker treatment
decisions. Merck and Sysmex Inostics originally entered into an
agreement to co-develop and commercialize the liquid biopsy test
in 2014.

In January we announced that we have signed a collaboration
agreement with Biocartis for the development and commerciali-
zation of a new liquid biopsy RAS biomarker test for patients with
mCRC. The test will be developed on Biocartis’ innovative, fully
automated molecular diagnostics system, Idylla™, which is designed
to offer accurate and reliable molecular information from virtually
any biological sample. The Idylla™ system is a fully automated
sample-to-result PCR-based (polymerase chain reaction) molecular
diagnostics system. Whereas most of today’s solutions only look
for the most prevalent RAS mutations, the Idylla™ RAS test will be
designed to detect an extended panel of RAS mutations. The new
test will also provide a BRAF V600 mutation analysis directly inte-
grated with the Idylla™ RAS test, to allow clinicians to evaluate BRAF
and RAS mutation status simultaneously. Based on a 2 ml sample
of blood plasma, the test aims to provide high sensitivity and ease-
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

of-use, requiring less than 2 minutes of hands-on time and a turn-
around time of approximately 2 hours, enabling clinical decision-
making in a timely manner. Merck and Biocartis plan to implement
the Idylla™ liquid biopsy RAS test in numerous medical centers
across the world, excluding the United States, China and Japan.
The test was subsequently submitted for a CE Mark.

In March we announced that we had entered into a collaboration
focused on cancer metabolism with the European Molecular Biology
Laboratory (EMBL), located in Heidelberg, Germany. The aim of
the collaboration is to investigate mechanisms by which cancer
cells generate energy and growth-enabling building blocks, which
could ultimately deliver novel therapeutic targets, as well as bio-
markers. The collaboration will make use of EMBL’s capabilities in
the area of metabolomics. During the three-year collaboration,
EMBL will apply its unique expertise, combining modelling and
bioinformatics with experimental approaches to investigate these
metabolic pathways and shed light on their control mechanisms.
EMBL will also utilize the cutting-edge equipment of its Genomics
and Metabolomics Core Facilities to resolve the transcriptional and
metabolic profiles of the samples for the study.

New research on Erbitux® and our pipeline compounds was
presented at the Annual Meeting of the European Society for
Medical Oncology (ESMO) in Copenhagen, Denmark, in October.
Presentations focused on hard-to-treat cancers, and included
study results for Erbitux® in mCRC and in squamous cell carcinoma
of the head and neck (SCCHN), reaffirming Erbitux® as a standard-
of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and
patients with SCCHN. Preliminary study results were presented for
our investigational product avelumab in bladder cancer, supporting
its further development in this indication, as well as preliminary
results from a combination study of avelumab with axitinib in renal
cell carcinoma (RCC) that support the rationale to evaluate this
combination in a Phase III pivotal study in RCC. Results on the
investigational compound tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase
inhibitor, were presented on three posters, and included updates on
the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic non-small
cell lung cancer.

In September we commenced the clinical development of our
investigational BTK inhibitor (M7583) in Oncology, with the start
of our first Phase I clinical study of this compound. This first-in-
human study in hematological malignancies represents a milestone
of this program.

In June Merck announced jointly with Array BioPharma Inc. and
Pierre Fabre the initiation of a randomized, global Phase III clinical
trial of BRAF-mutant mCRC, investigating a new combination of
Erbitux® plus encorafenib, with or without binimetinib. The trial,
known as BEACON CRC (Binimetinib, Encorafenib And Cetuximab
Combined to treat BRAF-mutant Colorectal Cancer) will assess the
efficacy and safety of these two novel combinations in patients with
BRAF-mutant tumors, compared with investigator’s choice of
Erbitux® plus irinotecan or Erbitux® plus FOLFIRI. Approximately
650 patients are expected to be enrolled by 2018 and, after a lead-

73

in period to assess the safety and tolerability of Erbitux® plus
encorafenib (a BRAF inhibitor) and binimetinib (a MEK inhibitor),
will be randomized to receive one of the two novel combinations,
or the investigator’s choice. The primary endpoint of the trial is
overall survival. Key secondary endpoints include progression-free
survival, objective response rate, duration of response, safety and
tolerability. The trial will also assess health-related quality of life.

Our Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which
awards funds for pioneering independent research in oncology, was
awarded on the occasion of the ESMO meeting on October 9. There
were 405 applications from 49 countries for the 2016 award. Three
research teams from Italy, New Zealand and Spain were selected
to share the € 1 million grant to fund their research in the areas
of breast cancer, colorectal cancer and lung cancer.

Immuno-Oncology

The investigational product avelumab is our most advanced clinical
development program in immuno-oncology with eight Phase III
studies sponsored by the Merck-Pfizer Alliance now underway in
a variety of solid tumors.

On October 31, Merck and Pfizer Inc. announced that the
European Medicines Agency (EMA) had validated for review Merck’s
Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab, for the
proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC).
A rare and aggressive skin cancer, MCC impacts approximately
2,500 Europeans a year. Validation of the MAA confirms that sub-
mission is complete and begins the EMA’s centralized review process.
If approved, avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1
IgGi monoclonal antibody, could be the first approved treatment
indicated for metastatic MCC in the EU. Patients with metastatic
MCC face a very poor prognosis, with less than 20% surviving
beyond five years. Avelumab received an Orphan Drug Designation
(ODD) from the European Commission for MCC. The avelumab
metastatic MCC MAA submission is supported by data from JAVELIN
Merkel 200, a multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study
of 88 patients with metastatic MCC whose disease had progressed
after at least one chemotherapy treatment. The JAVELIN Merkel
200 study represents the largest data set of any anti-PD-L1/PD-1
antibody reported in this patient population. These data were
recently published in the medical journal Lancet Oncology.

In November Merck and Pfizer Inc. announced that the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had accepted for Priority
Review the Biologics License Application (BLA) for avelumab in
metastatic MCC. The application was submitted by EMD Serono,
the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the United States and
Canada. This review relates to avelumab’s proposed use in patients
with metastatic MCC, based on tumor response results from the
JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial. The FDA’s Priority Review status reduces
the review time from ten months to a goal of six months from the
day of filing and is given to drugs that may offer major advances
in treatment or may provide a treatment where no adequate
therapy exists. The FDA previously granted avelumab Orphan Drug
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Designation for MCC, as well as Fast Track and Breakthrough
Therapy Designations for the treatment of patients with metastatic
MCC whose disease has progressed after at least one previous
chemotherapy regimen. Breakthrough Therapy Designation is
intended to expedite the development and review of treatments
for serious or life-threatening disease where preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial
improvement over existing therapies for one or more endpoints.

The Merck and Pfizer alliance’s presence at the 2016 American
Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting demonstrated
how the collaboration between the two companies is making sig-
nificant progress to rapidly accelerate the expansive, international
development program (known as JAVELIN) for its investigational
product avelumab. The program comprises 30 ongoing clinical pro-
grams assessing avelumab as monotherapy or combination therapy
including nine pivotal studies, and approximately 4,000 patients
across more than 15 tumor types. The data presented at ASCO 2016
contribute to the growing understanding of the potential role of
avelumab in treating a broad range of cancers. In total 14 avelumab
abstracts were presented (two oral presentations and 12 posters/
poster discussions) across seven different cancer types.

One of the oral presentations concerned the results of JAVELIN
Merkel 200 in metastatic MCC. The study showed a 31.8% objective
response rate. There were 8 complete responses and 20 partial
responses. Tumor responses were rapid, with 78.6% of patients
(22 of 28) responding within 7 weeks of starting treatment, and
durable, with 82.1% of patients (23 of 28) still responding at the
time of analysis. Tumor responses were seen in patients regardless
of the status of certain biomarkers (PD-L1 and Merkel cell polyo-
mavirus). No unexpected safety signals were reported. Treatment-
related adverse events (AEs) occurred in 62 patients (70.5%); the
most common were fatigue (23.9%) and infusion-related reactions
(17.0%), all of which were Grade 1 or 2 in severity. Grade 3 treatment-
related AEs were reported in four patients (4.5%).

Other highlights of the avelumab clinical program reported at
ASCO included the presentation of data in adrenocortical carcinoma,
gastric/ gastro-esophageal junction cancer, mesothelioma, non-small
cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer and urothelial (bladder) cancer.
Additionally, safety data were presented from 1,300 patients
enrolled in the Phase Ib JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, the largest
Phase I trial investigating an anti-PD-L1 therapy.

In April Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III
study of avelumab in an advanced renal cell carcinoma setting.
The study, JAVELIN Renal 101, is a multicenter, international, rand-
omized, open-label Phase III trial designed to evaluate the potential
superiority, assessed by the progression-free survival, of first-line
avelumab combined with INLYTA® (axitinib) compared with SUTENT
(sunitinib malate) monotherapy in patients with unresectable,
locally advanced or metastatic RCC with clear cell component.

74

It is the first pivotal trial investigating avelumab in combination
with INLYTA® (axitinib), a tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), in patients
with previously untreated advanced RCC. Moreover, it is the only
Phase III trial currently evaluating an anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy
in combination with a vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-
receptor TKI in this setting.

In July we initiated a new Phase III study evaluating avelumab
as a first-line treatment for ovarian cancer. This study, known as
JAVELIN Ovarian 100, is an open-label, international, multi-center,
randomized trial in treatment-naive patients with locally advanced
or metastatic ovarian cancer (Stage III or Stage IV). It is the first
Phase III study evaluating the addition of an immune checkpoint
inhibitor to standard-of-care in first-line treatment for this aggres-
sive disease and aims to enroll approximately 950 patients, who
will receive concurrent avelumab and chemotherapy, avelumab
following chemotherapy, or chemotherapy alone.

In January Merck and Pfizer entered into an exclusive collabo-
ration agreement with Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to evaluate
avelumab in combination with Syndax’s entinostat, an investiga-
tional oral small molecule that targets immune regulatory cells
(myeloid-derived suppressor cells and regulatory T-cells), in patients
with heavily pre-treated, recurrent ovarian cancer. Syndax will be
responsible for conducting the Phase Ib/II clinical trial.

In March, Merck, Pfizer and Verastem announced that they had
entered into an agreement to evaluate avelumab in combination
with Verastem’s VS-6063, an investigational focal adhesion kinase
(FAK) inhibitor, in a Phase I/Ib trial in patients with advanced
ovarian cancer.

In early 2017, we announced that we had entered into an
agreement with the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center
for a three-year strategic collaboration aiming to more quickly
advance the development of investigational therapies in four can-
cers — breast, colorectal, glioblastoma, and leukemia — through the
study of biomarkers of response and resistance. We are therefore
the first company to gain access to MD Anderson’s Adaptive
Patient-Orientated Longitudinal Learning and Optimization Platform
(APOLLO) that standardizes the long-term collection of patients’
medical history and data derived from tissue samples in order to
better understand the biology of cancer and accelerate research-
driven patient care.

Also in early January 2017, we reached a licensing agreement
with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., Boston, Massachusetts (USA),
for the worldwide development and commercialization of four
promising research and development programs that represent
novel approaches to the treatment of cancer. As part of the agree-
ment, we have licensed-in two clinical-stage programs targeting
DNA damage and repair, along with two additional novel pre-clinical
programs for which we will assume full responsibility for develop-
ment and commercialization.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Neurology

The EMA accepted for review our MAA for the investigational product
cladribine tablets for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple
sclerosis (MS). This MAA submission includes data from three
Phase III studies, CLARITY, CLARITY EXTENSION and ORACLE MS,
and the Phase II ONWARD study. In these trials, cladribine tablets
showed a significant reduction in relapse rates, risk of disability
progression and development of new MS lesions, as detected by
MRI, versus placebo in patients with relapsing-remitting MS.
Together with interim long-term follow-up data from the prospective
registry, PREMIERE, the new MAA includes follow-up data consisting
of over 10,000 patient years of observation, with follow-up in some
patients exceeding eight years.

At the European Academy of Neurology (EAN) meeting in
Copenhagen in May 2016, new data and analyses were presented
from clinical studies with cladribine tablets. Outcomes in patients
from across the spectrum of relapsing MS were presented from the
CLARITY, ORACLE-MS and ONWARD studies. The results of a re-
analysis of the ORACLE-MS data in clinically isolated syndrome
(CIS) were chosen by the organizers to be shown at the highlights
session that showcases the most interesting data presented during
the congress. This analysis showed efficacy of cladribine tablets
in patients who would now be classified as having early multiple
sclerosis according to the latest disease definitions, as well as an
adverse event profile in line with previous experience. Further data
investigating brain atrophy associated with cladribine tablet therapy
vs placebo was presented from the CLARITY study. Final results on
safety and tolerability were reported from the ONWARD study.

In September we presented clinical data for investigational
cladribine tablets in two oral presentations at the 32nd Congress
of the European Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple
Sclerosis (ECTRIMS) in London. The findings, from the CLARITY and
CLARITY EXTENSION trials and from the open-label maintenance
period of the ORACLE-MS study, demonstrated durable efficacy of
cladribine tablets in patients with MS along with an acceptable
safety profile. Results from these studies confirmed that 20 days

75

of oral dosing over two years was effective in reducing the frequency
of relapses and slowing disability progression for up to four years.
The second oral presentation reported data from the open-label
maintenance period of the Phase III ORACLE-MS study. ORACLE-MS
showed that for patients with a first demyelinating event, treatment
with investigational cladribine tablets significantly reduced the risk
of progression to clinically definite MS compared with placebo. For
the open-label portion of the study, patients who converted to
clinically definite MS during the initial treatment period were
switched to Rebif® therapy. The new data presented at ECTRIMS
show that patients who had received investigational cladribine
tablets in the initial treatment phase had lower annualized relapse
rates over the maintenance period compared to those who had
received placebo in the initial treatment phase.

On the occasion of the ECTRIMS meeting, we announced the
recipients of the fourth annual Grant for Multiple Sclerosis Inno-
vation (GMSI). In 2016, 260 proposals from 45 countries were
submitted, representing innovative research projects taking place
across the globe. Four international research teams from Canada,
Germany, Israel, Qatar, Spain, and the United Kingdom were
selected to share the € 1 million grant to support their research.
The GMSI was launched in October 2012 with the aim of improving
the understanding of MS for the ultimate benefit of patients living
with the disease.

Concerning Rebif®, results of two non-interventional studies
(REBIFLECT and REBISTART) were presented showing the positive
effect of the RebiSmart™ injection device as well as nurse support
for patient adherence to treatment, a key concern in patients
requiring treatment for a chronic disease. In addition, a retrospec-
tive claims analysis was presented to investigate the reasons for
treatment discontinuation over time.

As part of our portfolio prioritization efforts, and to allow us to
focus on other ongoing projects in Neurology and Immunology,
we returned the rights to the Phase II MS project ATX-MS-1467
to Apitope.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Immunology

In August the first patient in a Phase IIa clinical trial was dosed with
our internally developed investigational product, the BTK inhibitor
M2951. The study will evaluate the efficacy and safety of M2951
in subjects with rheumatoid arthritis on stable methotrexate
therapy. A Phase II study with the same compound was initiated
in December in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).

In November we announced the results of the ADDRESS II,
Phase IIb, multicenter study on atacicept in patients with SLE, which
were presented at the 2016 American College of Rheumatology/
Association of Rheumatology Health Professionals Annual Meeting
in Washington, DC (USA). Patients on standard-of-care therapy
(n=306) were randomized to weekly subcutaneous injections of
atacicept (75 or 150 mg) or placebo for 24 weeks. The primary
endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving a clinical
response as defined by a composite SLE Responder Index (SRI)-4
at week 24. Secondary endpoints included SRI-6 response rate and
time to severe flare, assessed by the SLEDAI flare index (SFI) or
BILAG. Although the primary endpoint was not met in the overall
study population, there was a trend favoring atacicept with statis-
tical significance achieved in a pre-specified sensitivity analysis of
the primary endpoint using treatment Day 1 as baseline (rather
than screening visit); atacicept 75 mg (55.9%, adjusted odds
ratio/OR 1.88, p=0.029) and 150 mg (55.8%, adjusted OR 1.96,
p=0.020) compared with placebo (41.0%). BILAG A flares were
significantly reduced compared to placebo with atacicept 75 mg
(p=0.019), and severe SFI flare reduced with 150 mg (p=0.002).
Additionally, analyses of a predefined subpopulation of patients
with high disease activity demonstrated statistically significant
treatment effects of atacicept when compared to placebo. SRI-6
response at week 24 was significantly greater with atacicept 150 mg
compared with placebo. Both atacicept doses led to significant
reductions in the incidence of severe flare versus placebo, BILAG
A flare and SFI flare. Atacicept was also associated with increased
serum complement C3 and C4, and decreased IgG, IgM, IgA, and
anti-dsDNA antibodies over time. Treatment-emergent adverse
event incidence was slightly higher with atacicept (150 mg, 80.8%;
75 mg, 81.4%) than placebo (71.0%), however, the risks of serious
adverse events or serious/severe infections were not increased with
atacicept versus placebo, and there were no deaths. The safety
findings were comparable for the high disease activity subpopulation.

76

Fertility

In July we announced our continued support for the advancement
of medical science in the field of fertility through the Grant for
Fertility Innovation (GFI) program by awarding grants totaling
€ 1.5 million in 2016/17. The announcement was made on the
occasion of the 32nd annual meeting of European Society of Human
Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) in Helsinki, Finland.
Launched in 2009, the GFI is dedicated to transforming innovative
translational fertility research projects into concrete health solutions
to improve the outcomes of assisted reproductive technologies.
In 2016, six winning projects from China, Hong Kong, Ireland,
the United States, and Italy (two teams) were selected from 112
global proposals with the overall goal of improving the chances
of conceiving.

In October we launched two innovative fertility technologies,
Gavi™ oocyte protocol and Geri™ medium. Both products help to
improve key steps of assisted reproductive treatment (ART) - an
area where laboratory technologies play a vital role for treatment
success.

The launches represent the seventh and eighth product launch
in 18 months for the Fertility Technologies unit at Merck, demon-
strating the company’s healthcare strategy to deliver innovation
through best-in-class assets. Gavi™ enables clinics to preserve
human egg cells, also called oocytes, and embryos at the main
stages of ART, while Geri™ medium supports undisturbed cultiva-
tion of embryos. Preserving oocytes or embryos for future in vitro
fertilization and embryo transfers by cooling them to deep sub-zero
degrees is a key step in the laboratory. Gavi™ is the world’s first
automated instrument for this preservation technique, also called
vitrification. With its latest product innovation, Gavi™ provides
clinicians with added flexibility when taking important treatment
decisions with and for their patients. Geri™ medium was developed
to help improve another critical factor for successful treatment,
embryo cultivation. After fertilization, the embryo needs to grow
and develop before it is transferred into a woman’s womb. With
the single-step culture medium, Merck now provides a way to
support undisturbed incubation and optimal embryo development.
Both products are being commercialized as part of the partnership
between Merck and Australian company Genea Biomedx.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

We announced in mid-November that we had launched two new
innovative fertility technologies, Gidget™ and Geri™+, to extend
our innovative portfolio to support all steps performed by fertility
laboratories during ART, where technologies play a vital role for
treatment success. Gidget™ is designed as an easy-to-use witnessing
and tracking system to reduce the potential for error and improve
lab workflows, and Geri™+ is the basis to combine the Geri™
embryo incubator and the innovative Eeva® algorithm. Both new
products underline Merck’s healthcare strategy to provide innova-
tion to patients / customers through best-in-class products. Gidget™
and Geri™+ stem from the ARTinnovations development hub,
which we formed in collaboration with Genea Biomedx, Australia.
ARTinnovations is an incubator for ideas and innovations for fertility
treatment and technologies. It combines the commitment and
know-how of both partners to develop ideas that can take root and
grow into better outcomes for patients.

Integrating bright- and dark-field imaging, the Geri™+ incubator
allows for combination with the Eeva® software and any Geri Assess
version. Gerit+ becomes a multifunctional incubator, which gives
embryologists a multitude of possibilities around embryo analytics.
It brings together the benefits of undisturbed incubation, while
complying with the high control and safety standards of the Geri™
incubator and the analytics of the Eeva® software, the first auto-
mated algorithm clinically shown to improve embryo assessment.

Gidget™ is a hand-held device for the IVF laboratory that lets
the embryologist focus on the science by eliminating any chance of
mismatching, and includes unique tracking and workflow features.
It provides electronic witnessing, lab workflow management and
support for traceability and audit reporting.

77

General Medicine & Endocrinology

In mid-October we announced that the Committee for Medicinal
Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA has issued a positive
opinion recommending extension of the label for all metformin-
containing products, including the Glucophage® product portfolio
and Glucovance®, for the treatment of type 2 diabetes patients.
The label change will lift the former contraindication for stable renal
failure CKD stage 3. The maximum daily metformin dose will be
2,000 mg/day in CKD stage 3a (GFR=45-59 ml/min) and
1,000 mg/day in CKD stage 3b (GFR = 30-44 ml/min), allowing
a large additional group of type 2 diabetes patients with reduced
kidney function to benefit from the treatment. In a recent analysis
in CPRD, a UK medical record database, 32.7% of all diabetic
patients had CKD stage 3.

Following a routine evaluation of the safety of metformin med-
icines, it was found that based on scientific evidence and clinical
guidelines, patients with moderate renal failure may stand to benefit
from treatment with metformin, and that the contraindication may
therefore no longer be justified. Based on this evidence, the EMA
issued an Article 31 referral requesting a cumulative review of the
benefit and risk in this patient group across all metformin selling
companies in the European Union. Leveraging around 60 years of
experience in market as the metformin originator, Merck supported
the EMA request by providing a comprehensive analysis of all avail-
able clinical data on the efficacy and safety of metformin in patients
with CKD stage 3. This was balanced against a cumulative analysis
of all case reports Merck has received for lactic acidosis, the very
rare risk associated with metformin accumulation due to acute or
severe renal failure. The EMA reviewed the data submitted by all
companies, and as a result, the CHMP issued a positive opinion on
lifting the contraindication for treatment of type 2 diabetes patients
with renal impairment CKD stage 3.

In September we announced the recipients of the Grant for
Growth Innovation (GGI) for 2016. The awards are intended to
advance understanding in the field of human growth disorders. This
year’s winners were announced at an award presentation meeting
held on the occasion of the 55th European Society for Pediatric
Endocrinology (ESPE) Meeting in Paris, France. Thirty-eight appli-
cations were received from 20 countries and following a rigorous
selection process, three awards were made to innovative projects
from Australia, Brazil and Italy.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE
as of December 31, 2016

Therapeutic area
Compound

Neurology

Indication

78

Status

Cladribine tablets (lymphocyte-targeting agent)

Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis

Registration

Oncology

Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Hepatocellular cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M2698 (p70S6K and Akt inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3814 (DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
BeiGene-283 (BRAF inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M7583 (BTK inhibitor) Hematological malignancies Phase I

Immuno-Oncology

Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Merkel cell carcinoma Registration?
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 1* line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 2" line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric cancer, 1* line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric cancer, 3" line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Bladder cancer, 1* line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer platinum-resistant/ -refractory Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer, 1* line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Renal cell cancer, 1* line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Locally advanced head and neck cancer Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase I
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Hematological malignancies Phase I
M9241 (NHS-IL12, cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I?
M7824 (anti-PD-L1/TGFbeta trap) Solid tumors Phase I
Immunology

Sprifermin (fibroblast growth factor 18) Osteoarthritis Phase II
Atacicept (anti-BLys/anti-APRIL fusion protein) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase II
M2951 (BTK inhibitor) Rheumatoid arthritis Phase II
M2951 (BTK inhibitor) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase I
M1095 (ALX-0761, anti-IL-17A/F nanobody) Psoriasis Phase I
Abituzumab (anti-CD51 mAb) Systemic sclerosis with interstitial lung disease Phase II
Biosimilars

MSB 11022 (proposed biosimilar of adalimumab) Chronic plaque psoriasis Phase III

+As announced on July 18, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has accepted for review the Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) of cladribine tablets for the treatment of
relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS).

2As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck’s Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) for avelumab for the proposed
indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). Additionally, as announced on November 29, 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review
the Biologics License Application (BLA) for avelumab in this indication.

3 Sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (USA).

More information on the ongoing clinical trials can be found at www.clinicaltrials.gov

Pipeline products are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective.

There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication.

Akt Protein kinase B

APRIL Proliferation-inducing ligand
BLyS B-lymphocyte stimulator

BTK Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase

IL Interleukin

mAb Monoclonal antibody

PD-L1 Programmed cell death ligand 1
PK Protein kinase
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Consumer Health

Our Consumer Health business develops and sells over-the-counter
medicines and food supplements in Europe, in particular in France,
Germany and the United Kingdom, and in growth markets in Latin
America, the Middle East and Africa, and Southeast Asia. The focus
of our research and development activities is on the continuous
improvement of existing formulations as well as on the development
of new products and line extensions. We are following a consumer-
centric innovation approach based on intensive market research
across all our key markets. Since 2014, we have been establishing
cooperation agreements with independent third-party research
facilities to leverage their specific capabilities and expertise for the
development of new products that meet the specific needs of our
consumers.

Biosimilars
In March, we announced the initiation of a global Phase III clinical
study in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis, of MSB11022,
a proposed biosimilar of adalimumab, a recombinant human mono-
clonal antibody that binds specifically to tumor necrosis factor-
alpha (TNF-a). The AURIEL-Psoriasis (PSO) study is a randomized,
double-blind, active-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy, safety
and immunogenicity of Merck’s adalimumab biosimilar candidate
MSB11022 compared with Humira® (adalimumab) in patients with
moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Humira® is marketed
globally by AbbVie, Inc., USA. The study is expected to recruit
approximately 400 patients across Europe, Asia as well as North and
Central America.

Merck is in advanced stages of negotiations to divest the
Biosimilars business and the transaction is expected to close in
2017.

Allergopharma

Allergopharma, our allergy business, is one of the leading manu-
facturers of diagnostics and prescription drugs for allergen immu-
notherapy. With its own research department and in cooperation
with research institutes and other partners, we are helping develop
a better understanding of the immunological mechanism that
underlies the development of allergies and are actively working on
the next generation of drugs for allergen immunotherapy.

73

Life Science

Innovation is at the core of the value that we deliver to our custom-
ers. Our Life Science business sector has approximately 1,500
employees working in various R&D functions around the world.
These teams collaborate closely with our customers to solve the
toughest problems in life science by translating ideas into product
innovations. To do so, we invest significantly in R&D.

2016 marked a year of diverse innovation activities that are
contributing to our promise of accelerating access to health for
people everywhere. We aim to:

e Improve and expand our portfolio

e Invest in new and disruptive technologies for the long term
e Partner with the global scientific community

e Meet customer needs

Improving and expanding the portfolio

We launched innovations across all segments of our portfolio
throughout the course of 2016. In Research Solutions, we launched
the Cell[ASIC® ONIX2 Microfluidic System for advanced live cell
imaging. The system converts laboratory microscopes into powerful
tools for live cell imaging to more effectively perform in-depth
analysis of cellular mechanisms and behaviors in a live environment.

In Process Solutions, we updated our bioreactor system, critical
for drug development, with the new Mobius® products that include
a 1,000-liter single-use bioreactor, Mobius® 1000, and a 2,000-liter
mixing system, Mobius® Power MIX 2000. We also expanded our
state-of-the-art single-use current Good Manufacturing Practice
(cGMP) facility, in France, with the addition of Mobius® 2,000-liter
single-use bioreactor to facilitate accelerated drug development
and delivery via continued innovation and technical expertise by
offering customers a complete end-to-end solution.

The latest addition to our comprehensive excipients portfolio is
Parteck® MXP, a polyvinyl alcohol-based excipient that enhances
solubility of a wide range of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs)
with poor bioavailability. The product allows customers to address
solubility challenges that otherwise might have prevented promising
and potentially life-changing candidates from progressing through
the pipeline. As part of this portfolio, Parteck® SRP 80 was awarded
for excellence in innovation by the global organization CPhI, as
a functional direct compressible excipient designed for oral
sustained-release formulations. It is fully synthetic for batch-to-
batch and performance consistency and enhances the bioavailability
of actives.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

As an industry leader in filtration, we enhanced our portfolio with
Viresolve® Pro Shield H, which effectively improves aggregate
removal and reduces the required virus filtration area needed to
process feed streams, while delivering the same high level of virus
clearance customers expect. The new Viresolve® Pro Shield H is
designed for use as a prefilter with Viresolve® Pro Device for more
robust, cost-economic viral clearance.

In Applied Solutions we expanded our portfolio of Cerilliant®
certified reference materials for applied diagnostics and testing.
We introduced nine new Certified Spiking Solutions® that leverage
the latest research and techniques from around the world for
accurate and reliable starting materials.

Since introducing the first water filtration device in 1974, we
have set the standard for reliability and convenience in sterility
testing. Our new Steritest™ Symbio Pump accessories address
testing challenges in various laboratory settings and enhance safety
and convenience during sample handling, filtration and waste
management as well as canister transport, incubation and reading.

Investing in new and disruptive technologies for the long term
Advancements in gene editing tools like CRISPR are helping to
accelerate discovery and manufacturing of new treatments for
difficult-to-treat conditions. We produce gene editing tools and cell
lines for both faster, better drug discovery and faster, better bio-
manufacturing of gene-modified cell therapies. Our innovations in
2016 showcased our commitment to empowering scientists and
researchers with the solutions they need to develop new tools that
can improve health.

In March 2016, we announced that our CRISPR Epigenetic
Activator was named to The Scientist’s Top 10 Innovation list. The
system enables the life science community to explore advanced
regulatory aspects of gene expression by allowing epigenetic mod-
ification of genetic loci at both close and distal locations to a gene
of interest.

Following this accomplishment, in May we announced the
expansion of our Carlsbad, California facility to meet the growing
demand for viral and gene therapy products. The expansion builds
on our industry-leading offerings in the manufacturing and testing
of innovative and complex products and will seamlessly support
customers from clinical to commercial scales. The expansion incor-
porates single-use equipment in a flexible, scalable format for
clinical and commercial bulk drug production.

80

In September, we launched new gene editing technology to modify
CHO cell lines to be resistant to minute virus of mice (MVM), a
common contamination threat that remains despite the shift
to chemically defined, animal-component-free manufacturing
processes. The Centinel™ technology targets genes which play a
role in MVM susceptibility and exemplifies how we are addressing
some of the industry’s most complex challenges through the unique
combination of experience and technologies.

We also introduced the Sanger Arrayed lentiviral CRISPR librar-
ies, the first human and mouse arrayed lentiviral CRISPR libraries
for knocking out and screening gene function. Recognized by R&D
Magazine as a top 100 R&D innovation, the library allows discovery
of genes involved in drug resistance, human disease and a wide
variety of biological processes.

Partnering with the global scientific community

We entered into a research agreement with the International
Vaccine Institute of Seoul, Korea, to help develop next-generation
purification processes. Through this partnership, we are improving
the manufacturing process to deliver greater yield, allowing higher
recovery and purer vaccines. We will help create a more modern,
scalable and robust manufacturing process so as to increase access
to life-saving vaccines in developing countries.

Our customers face many challenges when it comes to the
development, manufacture and delivery of vaccines. As a business
committed to sharing our technological expertise in this area, we
joined the DiViNe project, a European consortium of six companies
working to create an integrated, cost-efficient purification program
specifically tailored for vaccines that achieve higher yields while
preserving product integrity. As an industry leader in chromatog-
raphy, we specifically focus on simplifying the process of vaccine
purification that typically relies on affinity chromatography, a method
of capturing antibodies.

In addition, a signed collaboration agreement with Evotec
International GmbH, Hamburg, aims to accelerate discovery work-
flows and eliminate the need for resource-intensive in-house assay
development and screening. The collaboration allows customers to
select a customized set of CRISPR and shRNA libraries and then
leverage Evotec’s extensive capabilities in phenotypic screening
within primary and induced pluripotent stem cells and in vivo dis-
ease models. Customers can more rapidly and efficiently explore
disease pathways and identify new targets.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

In December, we expanded our distribution alliance with various
companies of the Roche Group, Switzerland, to be the exclusive
supplier of novel enzymes for polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and
quantitative real-time PCR enzyme products of Kapa Biosystems,
a company owned by Roche. The alliance extension gives our
customers greater access to novel products through our world-
class distribution channel. The agreement is a growth driver for
our Life Science business sector, which offers premier brand tools
for genomics, proteomics and cell analysis.

Meeting customer needs

Proving our commitment to our customer needs, we relaunched
our global network of customer collaboration centers as M Lab™
Collaboration Centers. The centers provide customers with a shared,
exploratory environment with scientists and engineers working to
solve the toughest biomanufacturing challenges. The dynamic set-
ting promotes customer collaboration and problem solving, from
pre-clinical through full-scale production. Our scientists and engi-
neers work closely with customers to understand biomanufacturing
needs that are then realized within R&D.

In 2016, we committed to provide Provantage® End-to-End
development and manufacturing services to Y-mAbs Therapeutics,
Inc. in support of Y-mAbs’ monoclonal antibody in late-stage clinical
development for pediatric brain cancer and also to Acticor Biotech
to develop a safe and effective treatment for strokes. Our Provan-
tage® End-to-End solution is a comprehensive suite of products
and services that allows biopharmaceutical companies to accelerate
the progression of molecules into the clinic and toward commer-
cialization.

81

Performance Materials

We are the undisputed market and technology leader in liquid
crystals (LCs) and photoresist materials, which are primarily used
in televisions and mobile communication applications. We are also
one of the leading suppliers of OLED materials as well as decorative
and functional effect pigments. Materials for integrated circuits
round off the portfolio.

Display Materials

We continued to work with our customers, display manufacturers,
on the further development of high-performance liquid crystal tech-
nologies. These include the multiple award-winning, energy-saving
liquid crystal technology UB-FFS (Ultra-Brightness Fringe-Field
Switching) for mobile applications. We are additionally testing
UB-FFS for non-mobile applications. SA-VA (self-aligned vertical
alignment) is the next technology, with which the first products
are expected on the market in 2017. It is very eco-friendly and
resource-conserving as it requires less energy and solvent in display
manufacture. In addition, it is more efficient for display manu-
facturers because fewer process steps are needed. Since SA-VA
technology can be processed at lower temperatures, it is suitable
for sensitive materials such as those used in premium products or
future applications including flexible displays.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

In order to strengthen our position in the increasingly important
Chinese market, in September we opened a research and develop-
ment laboratory for display materials in Shanghai. The new R&D
laboratory will focus on the development of new and improved
mixtures for liquid crystal displays manufactured in China. This
allows us to cover the entire value chain for our customers in China
and improve our competitiveness. In addition, we have more
strongly positioned liquid crystals under the licrivision™ brand as
an innovative material for windows in architectural and automotive
applications. We are currently concentrating on three variants: sun
protection, glare protection, and privacy control where the windows
switch to opaque. Subsequent to the positive resonance to multiple
pilot applications for liquid crystal windows, we decided to press
ahead with the development and to set up our own production plant
for liquid crystal window modules. The development of smart
antennas using liquid crystal technology is continuing to make good
progress.

Integrated Circuit Materials

In recent years, the cost per transistor for computer chips has not
declined to the same extent as in the past. This is a result of the
increasingly high cost of photolithography steps, which for modern
chips today already amounts to more than 50% of manufacturing
costs. This offers us the opportunity to introduce novel, cost-
effective materials that allow our customers to counteract this cost
development with innovative processes. In spin-on dielectrics, we
further strengthened our market position with high-quality, sophis-
ticated materials. Moreover, we successfully launched new products
with better performance and better specifications and qualified
them in new memory chip production lines. In close contact with
our customers, we are also conducting research on new dielectrics
that are adapted to the lower process temperature budget of novel
chip types. The integration of the former SAFC Hitech business
of Sigma-Aldrich has enabled us to combine spin-on technologies
with deposition processes and provide customers with both from
a single source.

82

Pigments & Functional Materials

Meoxal® effect pigments based on aluminum platelets are distin-
guished by their exceptional color saturation and brilliance. We are
developing new color spectra for these pigments, which are used
especially in automotive and plastic coatings. For Xirallic® NXT, an
improved product generation of the well-known high-tech effect
pigments, further variants are also under development. The most
recently launched pigments include Xirallic® NXT Leonis Gold, a gold-
colored pigment with outstanding hiding power and intense glitter,
and Xirallic® NXT Tigris Blue, a pure and highly chromatic blue
pigment.

In technical applications, we intensified our activities in addi-
tives for 3D laser direct structuring with a focus on 3D printing of
plastics. We also developed laboratory prototypes together with
our partners, which were presented for the first time at the K 2016,
the top trade fair for plastics, in Dusseldorf. Laser additives enable
computer-controlled fabrication of three-dimensional components
with integrated electronic parts and laser-assisted circuit board
bonding. We also see potential in energy management. We made
good progress in high-voltage technology. Within the scope of the
iShield research project, which is funded by the German Federal
Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), we are collaborating
with academic and industrial partners to develop novel materials
to shield generators and engines. We received the Darmstadt
Enterprise Innovation Award for an innovative project with our
customer Siemens, in which we are producing additives for more
energy-efficient generators. Iriotec® 7340 was the first very light-
colored, conductive pigment that we developed to market readiness.
It allows a neutral background color that is suitable for every coat-
ing color.

We successfully further developed our range of fluorosurfactants,
which strongly differentiates itself from competitive products on
account of its favorable ecotoxicological profile, among other things.
In early 2017, Tivida® FL 3000 is to be added to our portfolio of
nonionic surfactants. Even in very low concentrations, it signifi-
cantly improves the flow and wetting behavior of coating systems.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
Research and Development

Besides materials for technical applications, we are also working
on innovative raw materials for cosmetics — cosmetic fillers and
actives. In cooperation with the French company Agrimer, we
launched the first marine active ingredient from a new genetically
decoded species of algae. The product known under the brand name
RonaCare® RenouMer firms the skin and supports collagen formation.

Advanced Technologies
Organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) are an outstanding example
of our R&D activities in the Advanced Technologies business unit.
We pushed ahead with their further development again in 2016.
In 2016, we realigned our strategic projects for future business
fields to megatrends such as miniaturization and the Internet of
Things, which are developing at a rapid pace. One of the fields
of work that we have derived from these is hybrid electronics. This
new generation of electronics can be used, for example, in flexible
displays and innovative sensors. Another field is electronic packaging.

83

Here we see the future in materials that can protect or encapsulate
the coming generation of semiconductor elements — also for flex-
ible applications. In both fields of work, we are concentrating on
markets in which Merck already holds a leading position, namely
display and semiconductor materials. In addition, we are address-
ing interdisciplinary topics, as smart materials are also gaining
importance in the Healthcare and Life Science business sectors.
Sensor applications are one such example, which specifically mon-
itor patients’ temperature profiles and movements. In the fields
of energy storage and thin-film transistors, we are collaborating on
projects with partner companies that have introduced new solutions
to the market with the help of our innovative products. We also
achieved progress in the field of printable organic photovoltaics:
In close collaboration with our customers, several mass-producible
printing machines were commissioned in 2016. This was made
possible thanks to our printing inks, with formulations specifically
developed and tailored for customer processes.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

People at Merck

Our employees are crucial to our success. Therefore, it is particularly
important to us to recruit the right people with the right capabilities
at the right time to work for Merck. To support Merck’s growth and
innovation course, we need a working culture that values diversity,
promotes various forms of collaboration and responds flexibly to
different requirements. This calls for creative solutions and curious
employees who are constantly growing in terms of their profes-
sional expectations and skills. This innovative spirit is key to gener-
ating new ideas that pave the way to a successful future.

Overview of our headcount figures

As of December 31, 2016, we had 50,414 employees worldwide
(2015: 49,613). In 2016, we were represented by a total of 215
legal entities with employees in 66 countries.

DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES
by region
in %

2.0

8.2 Middle East and Africa (MEA)

Latin America

21.3 48.5
Asia-Pacific (APAC) Europe
* .

20.0

North America

The future starts now

In a continuously changing world, qualified and creative employees
are of tremendous importance. We endeavor to prepare each and
every employee not just for today’s demands of the workplace, but
also for the opportunities and challenges of tomorrow.

Bu

A strong starting position

Merck is using the motto “Make great things happen” to position
itself in the global job market. The aim is to convey to potential
applicants a sense of what makes Merck unique: an inspiring, moti-
vating work environment in which innovations thrive; an environment
in which everyone has the opportunity to apply their ideas and
engagement to benefit customers and the company, while at the
same time developing themselves as employees. To make Merck
even more attractive as an employer, in 2015 we repositioned our
corporate brand. Consequently, in late 2015, we started an analysis
of the impact of the new corporate brand on employer branding.
It is essential to harmonize employer branding and messages with
the new brand in order to position Merck as an attractive and
responsible employer.

When filling open positions, we concentrate on attracting
employees who have potential to take on greater roles in the future.
For this, we have introduced a globally uniform and binding process.
It starts with an internal job posting before external channels such
as job portals and recruitment agencies are used. On the one hand,
the process offers employees better development opportunities, and
on the other hand it minimizes the costs of external recruitment.

In order to support executives in making hiring decisions and
to establish uniform quality standards, we offer interview training
courses for employees with personnel responsibility. In these
courses, the participants learn proper interview behaviors, targeted
question techniques and how to incorporate relevant diversity
aspects into the hiring decision.

We start integrating new employees before their first day of
work, since a good introduction marks the beginning of a successful
collaboration. In order to make the onboarding process as efficient
and easy as possible for new employees, we have created a welcome
website that can be accessed worldwide. Protected by a password,
this website is available in eight languages and offers new employees
all the information they need. Furthermore, we have set up a special
room on our intranet to allow new employees to network and to
inform them of important global, local and business-specific issues.
In addition, each new employee is assigned an experienced col-
league who supports them during their initial orientation period.
Our managers are also given a detailed information pack so that
they can optimally integrate their new employee into their role. This
pack contains an onboarding plan, process descriptions and general
information on Merck as an employer.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

Success through knowledge

To enhance our growth and innovation potential over the long term
and ensure the necessary flexibility to allow us to respond promptly
to new trends, we support the development of our more than
50,000 employees. Only by strengthening the abilities of each
individual can we count on innovative and curious employees and
managers in the future.

This approach starts with good training. In 2016, we again
maintained a constant high vocational training rate at Darmstadt,
our largest site. A total of 523 motivated young people were
enrolled in apprenticeships in 23 different occupations in 2016. We
give unlimited employment contracts to all apprentices working in
occupations for which we have sustainable demand. On average,
the post-apprenticeship hiring rate — taking voluntary terminations
into account - was more than 90% over the past five years. Of
course we also offer vocational training at other sites in Germany,
in which a total of 53 young people participated in 2016.

We continue to promote the professional expertise of our
apprentices through numerous regional and global project activi-
ties. In 2016, these included supporting a center for homeless
children in Ghana.

Furthermore, through our “Start in die Ausbildung” program,
we help young people to find an apprenticeship. In 2016, the
number of participants was higher than in the previous year, with
a total of 22 young people between the ages of 16 and 25. Although
they have a school leaving qualification, they had been searching
for an apprenticeship for at least one year without success.

In 2016, we established a similar program for refugees for the
first time. Through linguistic, technical, cultural, and job-specific
training, the “Integrating refugees through training” initiative is
preparing twelve young people who were forced to flee their home
countries for vocational training and thus for the labor market.

Our advanced training program for all employees comprises a
range of globally aligned classroom training courses on 18 selected
subjects. In 2016, more than 5,700 employees participated in
these courses to prepare themselves for new opportunities and
challenges. In addition to classroom training courses, we also offer
digital solutions in the form of 200 e-learning and language
courses. At workshops designed specifically for teams, employees
are taught how to make effective use of individual skills to enhance
productivity and collaboration. To enable our employees to realize
their full potential, we also provide local business- and function-
related offers. All of these measures are documented in globally
available development plans.

Moreover, we offer our high-potential staff and senior execu-
tives a range of advanced training programs. One of the aims of
the six-month International Management program is to promote
global thinking among young junior executives and to strengthen
their leadership competencies. In cooperation with top interna-
tional universities, the Merck University has been offering a multi-
regional, modular program since 1999. To date, 373 members of
top management have taken part. Furthermore, Merck cooperates
globally with universities in order to support employees who wish
to study for an MBA. In 2015, we launched the Growth Markets

Management program for local executives in India and Latin America,
which focuses on business management and Merck-specific topics.
This program is also offered in China and Turkey, with participants
from a variety of countries and regions such as Africa, the Middle
East, Japan, and Russia. Moreover, in 2016 we ran the Managerial
Foundation Program in 20 countries with 739 participants and the
Advanced Management Program, which was attended by 99 expe-
rienced executives in four countries.

Shaping the future through innovation

Innovation plays a particularly important role at Merck. In order
to further enhance the preconditions for innovation, in 2015 we
opened the modular Innovation Center in Darmstadt. This gives
employees the possibility to focus on their ideas and work on pro-
jects in an environment that stimulates creativity and collaboration.
After all, innovation calls for imaginative employees with adequate
scope for creativity and appropriate support, which includes a suit-
able working environment. Offering our employees various training
courses on topics such as innovative methods, creative techniques,
and visualizing and testing business models is an important element
of the Innovation Center. Internal project teams, start-ups from
the Merck Accelerator program as well as many other interested
colleagues from various areas throughout Merck benefit from this
offer. Recently, the training courses were digitalized, making them
available to all employees worldwide.

Driven by inspiration

Furthering the performance culture at Merck to optimally support
the company in its transformation and growth program is another
focal point of our human resources work. In this context, differen-
tiated compensation and advanced training opportunities are
important incentives. Establishing a culture of inclusion and inspi-
ration in which managers set an example through their attitude and
behavior, as well as selecting and positioning the right employees,
are crucial.

Leading by example

New ideas change the world. That is what drives us. We study things
in detail, ask questions and think a step further. This approach is
supported by our executives. They recognize and make use of
opportunities to drive our innovation-based business model and
set their sights on clear goals. At the same time, our executives
set an example, for instance by living the Merck values and taking
responsibility for their own decisions. In doing so, a differentiated
feedback culture is essential in establishing a common vision
through effective management. Our competency model supports
our executives in further developing our business model and the
related culture. The strategic competencies according to which
managers and employees are to behave are purposeful, future-
oriented, innovative, results-driven, collaborative, and empowering.
They enable our executives to build a strong culture of collaboration
based on curiosity and trust.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

Fostering the skills and potential of our employees

We want our employees around the world to enjoy working at
Merck. We want to excite them and retain them. We therefore
consider it an important part of our managerial responsibility to
identify employee potential early on and foster it on an individual
basis. We want to offer our employees interesting career opportu-
nities, continuous personal and professional development as well as
prospects within the company. We are thus continuously strength-
ening our performance and development culture to encourage
a curious and innovative attitude among our workforce.

Through intensive analysis of our personnel data using a new
software introduced in 2016, we can now more quickly recognize
the potential of talented employees, allowing us to fill internal
positions even more efficiently. We map our talent and performance
management process uniformly for all employees worldwide
according to the same principle and via a common IT system. We
systematically combine talent recognition with employees’ target
agreements and performance assessments, since we are convinced
that regular feedback helps all employees to grow in terms of their
performance and potential. At the same time, regular individual
assessments make it easier to identify employees with high poten-
tial and to further them accordingly. Clear objectives, differentiated
and open feedback and individual development plans are thus
important prerequisites for both personal development and business
success.

In 2016, we further expanded our workforce pool to internally
fill management positions when they become vacant. The vast
majority of management position vacancies were filled by internal
candidates again in 2016. In addition, we recruited external exec-
utives in order to add new perspectives to our long-standing
in-house expertise.

Valuing performance

We value the individual contribution of each and every employee
and reward them with an appropriate and competitive total com-
pensation. For years, we have been doing this using global pro-
cesses and programs that are supported by digital platforms. We
also offer our executives flexible, market- and needs-oriented com-
pensation instruments. These instruments help to make well-
informed decisions and thus continue to provide comprehensible,
performance- and position-based compensation.

We aim to be an attractive employer. For this reason we do not
only focus on monetary compensation components. Attractive
fringe and social benefits also play an important part in motivating
and retaining our employees. We have based our “benefits4me”
offer on three pillars, namely company benefits including the
company pension, health and well-being, and services. There are
different benefit packages to meet the various needs of our work-
force. Established steering mechanisms ensure that this is a well-
made investment in our employees.

Culture makes all the difference

An open, dynamic and inclusive corporate culture and a diverse
workforce contribute significantly to our business success. There-
fore, promoting diversity and inclusion as well as motivating
employees to embrace cultural change are special focal areas of
our human resources work.

Unity in diversity

Together with a culture of inclusion, diversity promotes innovation
and improves team and individual performance. One of the strategic
goals is to recognize the strengths of such a diverse workforce and
to appreciate individual differences. It is important to us to create
an inclusive work environment in which all employees have the
possibility to realize their full potential. With respect to three of
our six values, namely respect, transparency and integrity, multi-
faceted ideas are furthered and perspectives strengthened in order
to drive innovation and to add more value. By signing the Equal
Opportunity Charter of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy
Industrial Union (IG BCE) in 2015 and the “Charta der Vielfalt” in
2013, we underscored our commitment to fairness and tolerance
at the workplace.

In addition to the Chief Diversity Officer, who is responsible for
strategically managing diversity within the company, Merck also
established the Diversity Council in 2013, comprising high-ranking
executives from all business sectors and select Group functions.
Its aim is to build further active support for and progress in diversity
and inclusion within the company. In 2016, the Diversity Council
worked to operationalize our Diversity Framework, introduced in
2015, which bundles the diversity and inclusion strategies. It focuses
on the following four topics: recruiting the right people to work for
Merck, developing and retaining them, promoting efficient collab-
oration, driving innovations and improvements, and serving cus-
tomers with diverse needs. In addition, we support specific employee
networks in order to foster exchange among like-minded individuals.

In September 2016, we celebrated the Global Diversity Days
with a campaign entitled “The Power of Diversity”, which aligned
with “The Power of We” , one of our strategic corporate messages.
The objective of this annual month of focus is to heighten awareness
of diversity and inclusion among our workforce in global events.
Globally, employees in 17 countries across six continents took part
in events and shared experiences via employee platforms and
social media.

People from a total of 129 different nations work for Merck. Only
23.1% of our employees are German citizens, and 75.3% work
outside Germany. Women currently make up 42.8% of the workforce.
Since the ratio of women to men varies widely across the different
regions, businesses and functions, we have set ourselves the goal
of increasing the percentage of female employees wherever they
are underrepresented. Here we take into account the situation that
is typical for the industry as well as regional differences.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

In Germany as well as several other EU countries, Japan and the
United States, we are preparing ourselves for demographic change.
Since the average age of our employees is slightly more than 40,
the need for urgent action does not yet exist; however, we assume
that this figure will continue to rise in the coming years. Our focus
lies mainly on “mindfulness” as a further step to sensitize the
workforce to the limits of their own physical and mental resources.

Among executives, too, inclusion and diversity play a major
role. We are convinced that balanced diversity anong management
enhances career advancement opportunities for talented employees
while also helping to provide a broad experience base within the
company. In addition, it allows for differentiated decision-making,
thereby making a significant contribution to the success of the
company.

As a global company, we consider it highly important to have an
international management team. Currently, 64.7% of our managers
have a nationality other than German. Altogether, 70 different
nationalities are represented in such positions. In 2011 we set our
strategic goal to increase the percentage of women in management
positions to 25% to 30%, which we reached in 2016. The percent-
age is currently 28.8% at Group level. The figures are steadily
increasing across Merck as a whole, but not consistently across
business units and Group functions. We have set ourselves the goal
for 2021 to stabilize the overall proportion of women in manage-
ment positions at 30%, but continue to work on increasing the
proportion in senior management positions and business units
where women are still underrepresented.

The report on stipulations to promote the proportion of women
in management positions at Merck KGaA pursuant to section 76
(4) and section 111 (5) of the German Stock Corporation Act,
including information on the achievement of the defined targets as
of December 31, 2016, can be found in the Corporate Governance
section of this report.

Safety in daily work

As a responsible employer, it is especially important to us to do
everything in our power to prevent workplace-related illnesses and
accidents. We apply the lost time injury rate (LTIR) as an indicator
to determine the success of measures aimed at accident prevention
as well as occupational health and safety. This key performance
indicator describes the number of workplace accidents resulting in
lost time of one day or more per one million working hours. In 2010,
we had set ourselves the goal of reducing the lost time injury rate
to 2.5 by 2015 - with 1.5, we considerably exceeded this target
value in 2015. But this still is not enough for us. We believe that
nothing is worth an accident. And we have been even more ambi-
tious in setting our goal for the future: By 2020 we intend to
sustainably lower the LTIR further. In 2016 we already reached this
with 1.3.

87

The continuous rate of improvement in recent years can be attrib-
uted in particular to the BeSafe! program, which was launched in
2010. This is a global initiative with globally harmonized standards,
but also local modules that help to meet the specific safety
requirements at individual sites. The program focuses on engaging
managers in the safety culture and building their buy-in; it aims
to make safety an intrinsic value and empower our employees to
take responsibility for their own safety. In 2016, we continued to
sensitize our employees to workplace hazards through numerous
awareness campaigns.

Since 2010, Merck has been presenting the Safety Excellence
Award annually in order to underscore the importance of safety. It
is granted to all production sites with no workplace accidents on
record for the year; in 2016, it was awarded to 61 out of 91 sites.

Flexibility in every situation

As an attractive partner and employer, we endeavor to always
provide future-oriented solutions. This also applies to the way in
which we work. We want our employees to achieve a good balance
between their professional and personal objectives and challenges.
This maintains and strengthens their motivation and performance
potential for longer, enabling them to better schedule their lives to
suit their own needs.

That is why we offer our employees in Germany and the United
States various flexible and innovative working models. The
“mywork@merck” working model, initially implemented in 2013 at
the Darmstadt and Gernsheim sites in Germany for all exempt
employees, aims to strengthen a culture of performance and trust
within the company. In agreement with their teams and supervi-
sors, employees can choose their working hours and location freely.
Since October 2014, non-exempt employees at these sites whose
positions are suitable for this working model have also been able
to make use of it. In addition, we also introduced “mywork@merck”
for Merck Accounting Solutions & Services Europe GmbH, Merck
Export GmbH, Merck Schuchardt OHG, Merck Versicherungs-
vermittlung GmbH, Merck Selbstmedikation GmbH, and Merck
Chemicals GmbH. Employees can best decide for themselves,
together with their respective line managers, when and how often
fixed physical presence in the office is necessary for all team mem-
bers. Working hours are no longer recorded or monitored. Employ-
ees must only document their hours if they exceed their standard
working hours within the agreed working time framework. At the
end of December 2016, a total of 4,507 employees made use of
this model. In 2016, 4.7% of our employees worldwide worked
part-time, 10.6% of whom are men. We believe that with these
flexible working models, we are on the right track — not only to
more efficient processes, but also above all to higher levels of work
satisfaction and employer appeal.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

We also offer our employees throughout Germany targeted and
independent information, advice and assistance in finding childcare
and nursing care, as well as home and garden services. At various
sites, employees benefit from childcare options that we subsidize.
A daycare center, which meanwhile has capacity for 150 children
between the ages of one and twelve, has been operating at the
Darmstadt site for 49 years. Since 2013, we have been offering
expanded, year-round opening hours from 6:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., as
well as needs-oriented daycare hour options of 25, 35 or 50 hours
per week and, in the adjacent new building, a nursery for up to 60
children between the ages of one and three years. During the
orientation phase, our employees can make use of additional offices
for parents at the daycare center premises. In addition, a good ratio
of staff to children is important to us to offer parents a safe period
of supervision for their children while at the daycare center.

Ready for the future

A dedicated, satisfied workforce is key to succeeding as a global
company. Only those who question structures and collaborate with
others will develop positively. Honest and continuous feedback from
our employees is thus absolutely essential so that we are aware of
the factors that influence engagement and what the organization’s
strengths and weaknesses are.

Between December 2013 and June 2015, we conducted the
Organizational Health Index (OHI) survey in all business units and
Group functions. Based on the results, strategic focus topics were
identified and initiatives derived. In 2016 we continued to anchor
these topics deeper into the organization.

In order to reach all employees, a global employee survey was
conducted in 23 languages in November 2016. Approximately
42,500 employees (83%) took part. Our company-wide score, which
measures how engaged our employees are, is 60%. This score is
comparable to other companies in the chemical and pharmaceutical
industries. As of early 2017, we will be working with the results
across the company.
Combined Management Report
Fundamental Information about the Group
People at Merck

OVERVIEW OF EMPLOYEE FIGURES

Overall Merck
Dec. 31, 2014

Overall Merck
Dec. 31, 2015

Overall Merck
Dec. 31, 20162

global, total 39,639 49,613? 50,414
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 9,488 11,0967 10,754
Europe 20,537 23,4292 24,438
Number of employees by region Latin America 3,883 4,352? 4,140
Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 639 942? 1,045
North America 5,092 9,794 10,037
global, total 39,012.4 48,911.17 49,652.7
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 9,474.4 11,068.27 10,725.3
Number of employees Europe 19,946.2 22,785.72 23,727.1
(FTE — full-time equivalents) by region Latin America 3,877.6 4,344.2? 4,136.5
Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 637.9 940.62 1,041.8
North America 5,076.3 9,772.42 10,022.0
Number of countries 66 662 66
Number of legal entities global, total 146 211? 215
Number of employee nationalities global, total 122 122! 129
Number of nationalities working in Germany 73 77 91
Percentage of employees with German citizenship 26.6% 26.1%! 23.1%
Percentage of employees working outside Germany 71.8% 75.9%? 75.3%
Percentage of employees with a global manager 5.2% 8.1%? 9.7%
global, total 41.3% 41.6%? 42.8%
Percentage of women in the workforce >
in Germany 37.5% 38.2%? 38.6%
Percentage of women in upper global, total 26.3% 26.8%! 28.8%°®
management positions (Global Grade 14 or higher) in Germany 26.1% 27.3%! 28.7%6
global, total 5.5% 5.9%! 5.7%&
Percentage of executives (Global Grade 14 or Percentage of executives
higher) who are not German citizens 60.3% 61.0%! 64.7%S
Number of nationalities 67 641 70°
Number of apprentices in Germany 498° 506+ 576°
Vocational training rate 5.4%? 5.3%* 5.1%>
Percentage of employees in the “mywork@merck”
model (Germany) 3,522 4,122 4,507
global, total 5.2% 4.7%? 4.7%
Percentage of employees working part-time
men 10.5% 11.3%? 10.6%
Percentage of employees aged 17-29 years global, total 14.9% 15.2%? 14.7%
Percentage of employees aged 30-49 years global, total 64.2% 62.6%? 62.5%
Percentage of employees aged 50+ years global, total 20.9% 22.2%? 22.8%
Average age globally 41 41.1? 41.3
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 36.6 36.72 36.7
Europe 42.5 42.42 42.4
Average age by region Latin America 39.6 39.52 39.9
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 37.7 39.52 39.3
North America 44.9 44.2? 44.3
Germany 43.2 43? 42.9
Average length of service global, total 10.1 10.0? 9.9
Average length of service in Germany 14.9 14.42 14.2

+Excluding Sigma-Aldrich.

2Including Sigma-Aldrich.

3Merck KGaA sites Darmstadt and Gernsheim (around 24% of the workforce of the entire Group in 2014).
4Relates only to Merck KGaA (around 19% of the workforce of the entire Group in 2015).

5All Merck sites in Germany (around 25% of the workforce of the entire Group in 2016).

®Not including Sigma-Aldrich legal entities in Germany or Allergopharma.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

90

Report on Economic Position

Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

According to the most recently available figures from the Interna-
tional Monetary Fund (IMF), industrial countries faced dampened
growth expectations in 2016. Firstly, this was due to the uncertain
consequences in connection with the future exit of the United
Kingdom from the European Union (“Brexit”). Secondly, economic
growth in the United States was weaker than expected in the first
half of the year. According to the latest IMF forecasts, global gross
domestic product (GDP) increased by 3.1% in 2016, equivalent to
a decline of 0.1 percentage points in comparison with 2015. As in
the previous year, strong regional differences could be seen. Indus-
trial nations registered a decline in growth to 1.6% (2015: 2.1%).
At 4.2% (2015: 4.0%), emerging economies and developing coun-
tries achieved an increase in growth rates for the first time in five
years. The GDP of the United States, the world’s largest economy,
remained behind expectations, growing only by 1.6% (2015:
2.6%). In 2015, growth of 2.8% was forecast for 2016. Growth
was slowed by a continued decline in investment in the energy
sector and the strong U.S. dollar, which had a dampening impact
on export-oriented industrial sectors. As was the case in the United
States, the eurozone also registered a decline in GDP growth to

1.7% (2015: 2.0%). By contrast, the emerging economies of Asia
registered growth of 6.5% (2015: 6.6%). As in 2015, India (7.6%)
and China (6.6%) were the strongest growth drivers. The industrial
nations South Korea and Taiwan only generated slight increases in
growth, whereas the GDP of Japan stalled at the 2015 level of
0.5%. Korea registered growth of 2.7% (2015: 2.6%) and Taiwan
saw growth of 1.0% (2015: 0.6%).

In 2016, organic sales growth at Merck was largely attributable
to the North America and Latin America regions. While North
America accounted for approximately 36% of Group-wide organic
growth, Latin America also generated a high share, which amounted
to 27.7%. In Latin America, all the business sectors contributed
positively to organic sales growth. In North America, growth was
driven by our Healthcare business sector. While the Asia-Pacific
(APAC) region generated around 56% of organic growth in 2015,
it only accounted for a share of roughly 12% in 2016. This was due
to the declines in the Performance Materials business sector. For
instance, Performance Materials sales in the Asia-Pacific region
decreased organically by -6.6%.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

31

Development Development

2016+ 2015
Healthcare a
Global pharmaceutical market 6.3% 9.2%
Market for multiple sclerosis therapies? 7.5% 14.9%
Market for type 2 diabetes therapies? 11.2% 11.1%
Market for fertility treatment? 12.6% 10.7%
Market for the treatment of colorectal cancer? -0.5% -1.7%
Market for OTC pharmaceuticals 4.3% 4.9%
Life Science
Market for laboratory products 2.5% 2.9%
Share of biopharmaceuticals in the global pharmaceutical market? 23.3% 22.3%
Performance Materials
Growth of LC display surface area 4.6% 4.8%
Global automobile sales volumes 2.5% 1.3%
Materials for production of cosmetics 1.8% 1.5%
Sales at
the previous
Semiconductor industry sales year’s level -2.3%

1Predicted development. Final development rates for 2016 were not available for all industries when this report was prepared.
2Growth rates based on market data in local currency, translated at a constant euro exchange rate. The IMS Health market data on the growth of indications are based on current figures,
including the third quarter of 2016. Annual growth based on the values for the past 12 months. The type 2 diabetes market excludes the United States since this market is insignificant

to Merck.

3Growth rates based on market data stated in U.S. dollars. Market data from EvaluatePharma on the growth of indications are based on published company reports and are subject to

exchange rate fluctuations.

Healthcare

According to the latest study published in September 2016 by the
pharmaceutical market research firm IMS Health entitled “Global
Market Prognosis 2016-2020”, the growth of the global pharma-
ceutical market for 2016 is quantified at 6.3%. By comparison, in
2015, sales growth was still 9.2%. As was already the case in 2015,
growth in 2016 was primarily attributable to Latin America and the
United States. Whereas growth in the United States fell significantly
to 6.3% (2015: 12.0%), at 13.9% the Latin American market
continued to see double-digit growth (2015: 16.0%). At 5.7%, the
Asia-Pacific region recorded a slight decline in growth (2015: 6.6%).
Europe registered a stronger decline to 4.6% (2015: 7.0%).

Not only the growth of the pharmaceutical sector as a whole,
but also in particular the development of the biopharmaceutical
market are relevant for our business. According to IMS Health, the
market volume of biopharmaceuticals was approximately € 208
billion in 2016. In recent years, the share of the global pharma-

+Excluding the United States.

ceutical market accounted for by these products has grown con-
tinuously and already amounted to 23.3% in 2016. Globally, the
largest share, or 31.2%, was attributable to the United States.

A look at the therapeutic areas of relevance to Merck shows
differing developments. The markets for the therapeutic areas mul-
tiple sclerosis grew by 7.5% (2015: 14.9%), type 2 diabetes! by
11.2% (2015: 11.1%) as well as fertility by 12.6% (2015: 10.7%).
By contrast, the market for oncology drugs for the treatment of
colorectal cancer declined by -0.5% (2015: -1.7%).

According to the market research firm Nicholas Hall, the growth
of the global over-the-counter pharmaceutical market was 4.3%
in 2016, which represents a slight decline of 0.6 percentage points
in comparison with 2015. In 2016, growth was driven by the
Asia-Pacific region, which generated growth of 5.5% (2015: 5.1%).
As in 2015, India achieved the strongest growth of 7.7% (2015:
8.9%). At 2.2%, growth was weakest in western Europe (2015:
3.3%) and Japan (2015: 0.2%).
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Macroeconomic and Sector-Specific Environment

Life Science

Our Life Science business sector is a leading supplier of products
and services for both research and applied laboratory applications,
as well as for formulating, purifying, manufacturing, and quality-
assuring drug therapies of biological and chemical origin.

For the laboratory product market relevant to Research Solu-
tions and Applied Solutions, the market research firm Frost &
Sullivan expects growth of 2.5% for 2016 (2015: 2.9%). A period
of heightened uncertainty in the second half of 2016 dampened
growth versus 2015. Growth was primarily driven by biopharma-
ceutical industry customers, specifically emerging biotech start-
ups. In comparison with 2015, European market growth slowed to
1.5% (2015: 1.9%), driven by a weaker euro and economic uncer-
tainty, for instance as regards the unexpected Brexit vote. Growth
of the U.S. market was 2.7% (2015: 3.0%), with the slowdown
influenced by the U.S. presidential election and delay in passing a
2017 federal budget. Emerging economies delivered higher growth;
however, a slowdown in China was visible, with modest improve-
ments expected in this market over the next few years.

The demand for Process Solutions products depends heavily on
the volume of biological product sales as well as the productivity
of research and development activities of biopharmaceutical com-
panies. As previously stated, the market volume for biopharma-
ceuticals was € 208 billion in 2016, representing a 23.3% share of
the global pharmaceutical market. According to EvaluatePharma,
there are more than 8,500 active biologics projects in pre-clinical
and clinical development, of which monoclonal antibodies represent
28% (2015: 25%). Biosimilars are a small, but fast-growing part
of the pharmaceutical market. In 2016, biosimilars sales are
expected to reach US$ 1.4 billion annually before growing to
US$ 8 billion in 2022.

92

Performance Materials

With its liquid crystals business, Merck is the leading producer of
liquid crystal mixtures for the display industry. The dynamic growth
rates of display surfaces have declined to an average of 5% in
recent years according to surveys by the market researchers at
IHS DisplaySearch. This growth was mainly attributable to increasing
average display size amid largely stagnating sales volumes. The
display industry remains a growth sector in which the leading
display technology is based on liquid crystals. OLED technology,
for which Merck also ranks among the leading material suppliers,
is gaining importance in the high-end display sector.

The markets for automotive coatings and cosmetics are crucial
to Merck’s Pigments business. As reported by the Center of Auto-
motive Management (CAM) in Bergisch-Gladbach, Germany, global
automobile sales volumes rose by 1.3% in 2015. As in the previous
years, the growth drivers were China, western Europe and the
United States while significant declines in automotive sales vol-
umes were registered particularly in Brazil and Russia. For 2016,
a slight recovery in the global growth of the automotive market is
expected. According to Euromonitor International, global consump-
tion of materials used to produce cosmetics grew by 2%, with Asia
reporting the highest growth rate of 4%.

The semiconductor industry is the most important sales market
for the business with integrated circuit materials (IC Materials).
The long-term growth of the semiconductor industry has a cyclical
demand pattern. According to Gartner, a market research institute
specializing in the technology and electronics markets, in 2016 the
industry’s sales were at the previous year’s level since the growth
of smartphone applications was offset by declining demand in the
PC business. The decline in 2015 of - 2.3% was likewise due to the
weakness of the PC business.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

93

Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

Net sales

For 2016, slight organic sales growth was forecast for the Merck
Group. Owing to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, which closed on
November 18, 2015, we additionally expected a portfolio effect in
the low double-digit percentage range. The positive organic devel-
opment of net sales in the Healthcare and Life Science business
sectors more than offset the slight decline in Performance Materi-
als. Consequently, we generated a moderate organic sales increase
of 3.2%. At 16.4%, the additional portfolio effect due to Sigma-
Aldrich was in the low double-digit percentage range as expected.
At the beginning of 2016, we had forecast a slightly negative
exchange rate effect owing to the decline in the value of Latin
American currencies. In the course of the year, we raised the fore-
cast of this effect to -3% to -5%. Owing to a weakening of these
dynamics and a simultaneous strengthening of the U.S. dollar in
the fourth quarter, we incurred an exchange rate effect of -2.6%
on our sales for 2016.

In 2016, our Healthcare business sector showed solid organic
sales growth of 4.6%, thus exceeding our forecast for slight organic
growth. As expected, sales growth was driven by the continued good
dynamics in our growth markets as well as positive effects from
the co-promotion of Xalkori® with Pfizer. Yet the Fertility franchise
in North America and China as well as Rebif® performed signifi-
cantly better than expected. Contrary to our original assumptions,

Rebif® generated organic sales growth in North America. As fore-
cast, a slightly negative portfolio effect of -1.1% was incurred
in 2016 owing to the return of the Kuvan® rights to BioMarin
Pharmaceutical, Inc.

Our Life Science business sector achieved organic sales
growth of 6.3% in 2016. This was significantly stronger than the
moderate organic growth we had forecast at the beginning of the
year. The more dynamic business performance increasingly man-
ifested itself in the first half of 2016. Our updated forecasts as of
the second quarter of the year took this into account accordingly.
All the Life Science business areas contributed to the positive
development, with Process Solutions accounting for the largest
proportion and benefiting from continued healthy demand from
customers in the biopharmaceutical industry. In addition, the
acquisition of Sigma- Aldrich was responsible for a portfolio effect
of 63.1%, thus meeting the forecast we made at the beginning
of the year.

As already indicated in the forecasts after the second and
third quarters of 2016, the Performance Materials business sector
did not meet the original expectation of slight organic growth.
The destocking in the display industry, which lasted longer than
expected, as well as typical price declines in liquid crystals, could
not be offset by growth in the other business units. Overall, this
led to an organic sales decline of -4.7% compared with 2015.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

EBITDA pre exceptionals

At Group level, we increased EBITDA pre exceptionals by 23.7%
to € 4,490 million in 2016, which was in line with our original fore-
cast of an increase in the low double-digit percentage range.

Contrary to our original expectation of a decline in earnings in
the low double-digit percentage range, in 2016 EBITDA pre excep-
tionals of our Healthcare business sector rose by 6.3% compared
with 2015. The positive margin development had already started
to become apparent after the second quarter following unexpect-
edly good sales reported for Rebif® and the Fertility franchise along
with the divestment of a minority interest. Additionally, as of the
second half of the year we started receiving royalty and license
income for a patent granted in the United States in June 2016.
Apart from the release of provisions for research projects discon-
tinued in prior years, it became clear in the third quarter that
research and development expenses would be below our conserv-
ative cost budgeting at the beginning of 2016.

For EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Life Science business sector,
we had forecast a moderate increase owing to the expected organic
sales growth and an additional portfolio effect in the high double-
digit percentage range due to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. With
EBITDA pre exceptionals of € 1,652 million, equivalent to an
increase of 93.0%, we met this forecast. This was due not only to

94

the portfolio effect that corresponded to the expected amount, but
also to good margin development and the faster than planned
realization of the synergies from the aforementioned acquisition.

For the Performance Materials business sector, we assumed
that EBITDA pre exceptionals would increase slightly. We aimed
for at least the level of 2015. Owing to the significant destocking
by the display industry throughout the year and the resulting
negative impact on sales, we fell slightly short of this forecast. We
applied maximum cost discipline to counteract this development
and were able to benefit from the high degree of diversification
that now characterizes Performance Materials. Since this could not
fully offset the earnings impact of the decline in sales of the Display
Materials business, EBITDA pre exceptionals decreased by - 2.3%
to € 1,106 million. Yet the EBITDA margin pre exceptionals remained
at the high level of 2015.

EBITDA pre exceptionals of Corporate and Other developed in
line with our expectations. Owing to the further intensification of
strategic Group initiatives, such as the new branding and projects
to digitalize the Group, we expected expenses to rise significantly.
With EBITDA pre exceptionals of € -396 million in 2016, we met
this forecast, which we had specified in the course of 2016 to lie
between € -370 million and € -400 million.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

Business free cash flow

In 2016, we expected business free cash flow of the Merck Group
to develop positively in the high single-digit percentage range. We
exceeded this forecast with business free cash flow increasing by
20.0%. The key drivers of this were the unexpectedly high growth
of EBITDA pre exceptionals of our Healthcare business sector as
well as, to a smaller extent, the positive development of inventories
in Performance Materials. As expected, due to the Sigma-Aldrich
acquisition the Life Science business sector made a high double-
digit percentage contribution to the development of business free
cash flow.
Combined Management Report 936
Report on Economic Position
Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

Actual results 2015

Forecast for 2016 in the

in € million Annual Report for 2015
Merck Group
Slight organic growth
Portfolio effect in the low
Net sales 12,845 double-digit percentage range
Low double-digit percentage
increase taking into account the
EBITDA pre exceptionals 3,630 Sigma-Aldrich portfolio effect
High single-digit
Business free cash flow 2,766 percentage increase
Healthcare
Slight organic growth
Slightly negative portfolio effect
Net sales 6,934 due to the divestment of Kuvan®
Low double-digit percentage decline
taking into consideration com-
mercialization costs, especially for
avelumab (excluding market launch
costs: decline in the high single-digit
to mid-teens percentage range)
Negative portfolio effect in the
medium double-digit million range
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,002 due to the divestment of Kuvan®
Low double-digit
Business free cash flow 1,581 percentage decline
Life Science
Moderate organic growth
High double-digit percentage
portfolio effect due to the
Net sales 3,355 acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich
Moderate increase due
to organic sales growth
Additional high double-digit
percentage portfolio effect due to
EBITDA pre exceptionals 856 the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich
High double-digit
Business free cash flow 676 percentage increase
Performance Materials
Net sales 2,556 Slight organic growth
Slight increase,
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,132 yet at least at the 2015 level
Business free cash flow 931 Moderate increase
Corporate and Other
EBITDA pre exceptionals - 360 Significant increase

Business free cash flow

-421

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position

Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

Forecast for 2016 in:

Q1/2016 Interim Report

Q2/2016 Interim Report

Q3/2016 Interim Report

97

Results 2016 in € million

€ 14.8-€ 15.0 billion

€ 14.9-€ 15.1 billion

€ 14.9-€ 15.1 billion

15,024
(+17.0%:
+3.2% Organic
+16.4% Portfolio
-2.6% Currency)

€ 4.1-€ 4.3 billion

€ 4.25-€ 4.4 billion

€ 4.45-€ 4.6 billion

4,490
(+23.7%)

€ 3.1-€ 3.3 billion

€ 3.14-€ 3.25 billion

€ 3.25-€ 3.36 billion

3,318
(+20.0%)

Slight organic growth,
slightly negative portfolio effect
due to the divestment of Kuvan®

Solid organic growth,
slightly negative portfolio effect
due to the divestment of Kuvan®

Solid organic growth,
slightly negative portfolio effect
due to the divestment of Kuvan®

6,855

(-1.1%:

+4.6% Organic
- 1.1% Portfolio
-4.6% Currency)

2,128

€ 1.8-1.9 billion € 1.95- 2.05 billion € 2.1- 2.2 billion (+6.3%)

1,648

€ 1.4-1.5 billion € 1.49-1.59 billion € 1.59-1.67 billion (+4.2%)

Organic growth in the mid to Organic growth in the mid to high 5,658

Organic growth in the mid-single- high single-digit percentage single-digit percentage range, (+ 68.6%:

digit percentage range, high
double-digit portfolio effect due
to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich

range, portfolio effect in the high
double-digit percentage range due
to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich

portfolio effect in the high double-
digit percentage range due to the
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich

+6.3% Organic
+63.1% Portfolio
-0.8% Currency)

€ 1.62-1.67 billion

€ 1.62 -1.67 billion

€ 1.64-1.67 billion

1,652
(+93.0%)

€ 1.22-1.27 billion

€ 1.18-1.23 billion

€ 1.18 - 1.23 billion

1,144
(+69.3%)

Organic stable

Moderate decline

Moderate decline

2,511

(-1.8%:

-4.7% Organic
+2.7% Portfolio
+0.2% Currency)

€ 1.1-1.15 billion

€ 1.1-1.15 billion

€ 1.1-1.15 billion

1,106
(-2.3%)

€ 0.95-1.0 billion

€ 0.93 -0.98 billion

€ 0.93-0.98 billion

1,011
(+8.6%)

€ -370- -400 million

€ -370- -400 million

€ -370- -400 million

-396
(+ 10.0%)

€ -460- -490 million

€ -460- -490 million

€ -460- -490 million

-485
(+15.1%)

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

Course of Business and Economic Position

Merck Group

Overview of 2016

e Group net sales increase by 17.0% to € 15 billion

e Healthcare and Life Science deliver organic sales growth

e EBITDA pre exceptionals up 23.7% to around € 4.5 billion

e Group profitability (EBITDA margin pre exceptionals) rises to
29.9% (2015: 28.3%)

MERCK GROUP

e Improvement in earnings per share before exceptionals by

27.5% to € 6.21

e Business free cash flow increases 20.0% to € 3.3 billion

Key figures
Change
€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
Net sales 15,024 12,845 2,179 17.0%
Operating result (EBIT) 2,481 1,843 637 34.6%
Margin (% of net sales) 16.5% 14.3%
EBITDA 4,415 3,354 1,061 31.6%
Margin (% of net sales) 29.4% 26.1%
EBITDA pre exceptionals 4,490 3,630 861 23.7%
Margin (% of net sales) 29.9% 28.3%
Profit after tax 1,633 1,124 509 45.3%
Earnings per share (€) 3.75 2.56 1.19 46.5%
Earnings per share pre exceptionals (€) 6.21 4.87 1.34 27.5%
Business free cash flow 3,318 2,766 552 20.0%

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2016, the Merck Group generated net sales of € 15,024 million
(2015: € 12,845 million), achieving sales growth of € 2,179 million
or 17.0%. This double-digit increase was driven both by very sig-
nificant portfolio changes and moderate organic growth. Group
sales grew organically to € 408 million or 3.2% and were generated
by the Healthcare and Life Science business sectors. Portfolio
changes increased net sales by € 2,109 million or 16.4%. This was

mainly attributable to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, which
closed on November 18, 2015 (see Note [4] “Acquisitions, assets
held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements). Negative exchange rate effects lowered net
sales by € - 339 million or -2.6%. These effects were primarily
due to the development of Latin American currencies. The decline
in the value of the British pound also had a slightly adverse effect
on sales.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

The development of net sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2016 are presented in the
following overview:

MERCK GROUP
Net sales and organic growth by quarter?

€ million/ organic growth in %

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 ——- (RAS 3,830
2015 ——~- General 3,464

6 4 @ © @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

The double-digit growth rate of Group sales was attributable to the
positive contribution of our Life Science business sector, which
increased its sales overall by 68.6% to € 5,658 million (2015:
€ 3,355 million). This was driven both by the acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich (+63.1%) and the sharp organic increase in sales (+ 6.3%).
Consequently, the share of Group sales attributable to Life Science
in 2016 rose significantly by 12 percentage points to 38% (2015:
26%). With a 45% share (2015: 54%) of Group sales, Healthcare
remained our strongest business sector in terms of sales. The
Healthcare business sector delivered organic growth of 4.6%,
which however was more than canceled out by negative exchange
rate effects and the absence of Kuvan® sales (see Note [4] “Acqui-
sitions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). Overall, Healthcare sales
declined slightly to € 6,855 million (2015: € 6,934 million). Net
sales by the Performance Materials business sector decreased
slightly to € 2,511 million (2015: € 2,556 million). The business
sector thus generated 17% (2015: 20%) of Group sales.

MERCK GROUP

Net sales components by business sector - 2016

€ million/change in %

Healthcare

Net sales
6,855

MERCK GROUP
Net sales by business sector - 2016

€ million/% of net sales

17%
Performance Materials

2,511

45%
Healthcare

6,855

38%
Life Science

5,658

Exchange rate
effects

-4.6%

Acquisitions /
divestments

-1.1%

Total change
-1.1%

Organic growth
4.6%

Life Science

5,658

6.3% -0.8% 63.1% 68.6%

Performance Materials

2,511

-4.7% 0.2% 2.7% -1.8%

Merck Group

15,024

3.2% -2.6% 16.4% 17.0%

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

MERCK GROUP
Net sales by region - 2016
€ million/% of net sales
4%

Middle East and Africa (MEA)
8%

Latin America 559
1,136
31%
Europe
4,735
31%
Asia-Pacific (APAC)
° 26%
4,736 North America
3,858

Sales generated in Europe grew by 15.4% or € 632 million to
€ 4,735 million (2015: € 4,103 million). This was due to sales
increases primarily in the Life Science business sector, which gen-
erated double-digit organic growth and high acquisition-related
sales. In 2016, Europe contributed 31% to Group sales (2015:
32%).

With net sales of € 3,858 million (2015: € 2,723 million), North
America generated the strongest sales increases in both absolute
(+€ 1,135 million) and percentage (+41.7%) terms in 2016. In
addition to the effect of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition (+ 35.5%),
this positive sales development was driven by the organic growth
of the Healthcare business sector. The contribution to Group sales

MERCK GROUP
Net sales components by region - 2016

100

Driven by strong acquisition-related increases from the consolida-
tion of Sigma-Aldrich and supported by slight organic growth, the
strong year-earlier level of net sales in the Asia-Pacific region rose
by 11.7% or € 495 million to € 4,736 million (2015: € 4,241 million).
This positive sales development was fueled by the Healthcare and
Life Science business sectors, which achieved high acquisition-
related sales increases and very strong organic growth. Consequently,
these two business sectors could almost compensate for the weaker
Display Materials business of Performance Materials in this region.
The contribution to Group sales by the Asia-Pacific region fell by
two percentage points to 31% (2015: 33%).

by North America in 2016 was 26%, representing an increase of
five percentage points (2015: 21%).

In Latin America, Group sales decreased owing to exchange
rate effects to € 1,136 million (2015: € 1,265 million). All business
sectors contributed to organic sales growth of 8.9% in this region.
The share of sales attributable to Latin America declined by two
percentage points to 8% (2015: 10%).

Net sales in the Middle East and Africa region rose by 8.9% in
2016, amounting to € 559 million (2015: € 513 million). Organic
sales growth of 5.7%, to which all business sectors contributed,
was supported by acquisition-related effects (+ 5.4%). This region
accounted for an unchanged 4% of Group sales.

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 4,735 1.7% -1.4% 15.1% 15.4%
North America 3,858 5.3% 0.9% 35.5% 41.7%
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 4,736 1.2% 0.1% 10.4% 11.7%
Latin America 1,136 8.9% - 23.4% 4.2% -10.2%
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 559 5.7% -2.1% 5.4% 8.9%
Merck Group 15,024 3.2% -2.6% 16.4% 17.0%

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

The consolidated income statement of the Merck Group is as
follows:

MERCK GROUP
Consolidated Income Statement

101

Change

€ million 2016 in % 2015 in % € million in %
Net sales 15,024 “~"100.0% 12,845 100.0% 2,179 17.0%
Cost of sales -5,201 - 34.6% -4,076 - 31.7% -1,125 27.6%

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-181) (-167) (-15) (8.8%)
Gross profit 9,823 65.4% 8,768 68.3% 1,054 12.0%
Marketing and selling expenses -4,526 -30.1% -4,050 -31.5% -477 11.8%

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-1,032) (-779) (-253) (32.5%)
Administration expenses -854 -5.7% -720 -5.6% -134 18.7%
Research and development costs -1,976 -13.2% -1,709 -13.3% -266 15.6%

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-4) (-3) (-2) (58.6%)
Other operating expenses and income 14 0.1% -447 -3.5% 461 >100.0%
Operating result (EBIT) 2,481 16.5% 1,843 14.3% 637 34.6%
Financial result - 326 -2.2% -357 -2.8% 30 -8.5%
Profit before income tax 2,154 14.3% 1,487 11.6% 668 44.9%
Income tax -521 -3.5% - 368 -2.9% -153 41.7%
Profit after tax from continuing operations 1,633 10.9% 1,118 8.7% 514 46.0%
Profit after tax from discontinued operations - - 6 - -6 >100.0%
Profit after tax 1,633 10.9% 1,124 8.8% 509 45.3%
Non-controlling interests -4 -0.0% -9 -0.1% 5 -55.0%
Net income 1,629 10.8% 1,115 8.7% 514 46.1%

+Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

Gross profit of the Merck Group rose by 12.0% to € 9,823 million
in 2016 (2015: € 8,768 million). This double-digit rate of increase
was mainly driven by the Life Science business sector, which ben-
efited from positive business performance and the acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich. The gross margin of the Group, i.e. gross profit as
a percentage of sales, declined to 65.4% (2015: 68.3%).

The increase in marketing and selling expenses as well as
administration expenses was primarily due to the consolidation
of Sigma-Aldrich. Owing to the termination of the co-promotion
agreement with Pfizer for Rebif® in the United States at the end of
2015, marketing and selling expenses for the Healthcare business

sector declined. Nevertheless, Group marketing and selling
expenses increased overall due to the acquisition effects in Life
Science.

In 2016, Group research and development costs increased by
15.6% to € 1,976 million. This was due mainly to the research
activities in the Healthcare business sector and to the acquisition
of Sigma-Aldrich. Accounting for 76% of Group R&D spending
(2015: 77%), Healthcare is our most research-intensive business
sector. At 13.2%, the Group research spending ratio (research and
development costs as a percentage of sales) remained at the pre-
vious year’s level (2015: 13.3%).
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

MERCK GROUP
Research and development costs by business sector - 2016

€ million/in %

11%
Performance Materials

< 213
13%
Life Science
260
76%
Healthcare
1,496

In 2016, the negative financial result improved by € 30 million to
€ -326 million, mainly owing to lower exchange rate losses and a
decrease in currency hedging expenses from Group-internal trans-
actions. At € -270 million, the interest result contained in the finan-
cial result was on par with the previous year (2015: € —-271 million)
(see Note [13] “Financial result” in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

Income tax expenses of € 521 million (2015: € 368 million) led
to an effective tax rate of 24.2% (2015: 24.8%). More information
about income taxes can be found in Note [14] “Income taxes” in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Profit after tax of discontinued operations reported in 2015 com-
prises the business activities of Sigma-Aldrich acquired with a view
to resale (see also Note [4] “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and

MERCK GROUP
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quarter*

€ million/change in %

Ql Q2

2016 ——- @eRe:7)

2015 —— @ex)

102

In 2016, other operating expenses and income (net) showed an
income balance of € 14 million; in 2015, an expense balance of
€ -447 million was reported. This positive development was driven
in particular by the gain on the sale of the rights to Kuvan® (€ 330
million) and the divestment of a minority shareholding (€ 30 million)
in the Healthcare business sector. Detailed information about the
development and composition of other operating expenses and
income can be found in Note [11] “Other operating income” and
Note [12] “Other operating expenses” in the Notes to the Consoli-
dated Financial Statements.

The operating result (EBIT) of the Merck Group soared by € 637
million or 34.6% year-on-year to € 2,481 million.

disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments). Net income, i.e. profit after tax attributable to Merck KGaA
shareholders, for 2016 was € 1,629 million (2015: € 1,115 million),
resulting in earnings per share of € 3.75 (2015: € 2.56).

EBITDA pre exceptionals, the key financial indicator used to
steer operating business, grew by € 861 million or 23.7% to
€ 4,490 million (2015: € 3,630 million). The resulting EBITDA
margin pre exceptionals thus increased by nearly two percentage
points to 29.9% (2015: 28.3%). The reconciliation of the operating
result (EBIT) to EBITDA pre exceptionals is presented in the chap-
ter entitled “Internal Management System”.

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2015 as well as the respective growth
rates are presented in the following overview:

Q4
1,075

933

6 6  @e6 ® @—

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

The increase in Group EBITDA pre exceptionals was driven especially
by the Life Science business sector, which in 2016 generated an
increase of € 796 million or 93.0% to € 1,652 million (2015: € 856
million). Consequently, the share of Group EBITDA pre exceptionals
accounted for by Life Science (excluding the € - 396 million decline
due to Corporate and Other) rose significantly to 34% (2015: 22%).
Yet EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Healthcare business sector also
rose by 6.3% to € 2,128 million (2015: € 2,002 million). In 2016,
Healthcare generated a 43% share of this Group key indicator, thus
remaining Merck’s most profitable business sector in absolute
terms. EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Performance Materials busi-
ness sector decreased slightly to € 1,106 million and did not fully
reach the high year-earlier level (2015: € 1,132 million). The per-
centage contribution of Performance Materials to Group EBITDA
pre exceptionals declined in 2016 to 23% (2015: 28%).

103

MERCK GROUP
EBITDA pre exceptionals by business sector - 2016

€ million/in %

23%
Performance Materials

1,106
43%
Healthcare
2,128
34%
Life Science
1,652

Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre exceptionals by € -396 million due to
Corporate and Other.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

Net assets and financial position

MERCK GROUP
Balance sheet structure

104

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2015+ Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %
Non-current assets 30,582 79.9% 30,737 80.7% -155 -0.5%
of which:
Intangible assets 24,989 25,422 -433
Property, plant and equipment 4,230 4,008 222
Other non-current assets 1,363 1,308 55
Current assets 7,670 20.1% 7,344 19.3% 325 4.4%
of which:
Inventories 2,607 2,610 -3
Trade accounts receivable 2,889 2,738 151
Current financial assets 145 227 -82
Other current assets 1,089 937 152
Cash and cash equivalents 939 832 107
Total assets 38,251 100.0% 38,081 100.0% 170 0.4%
Equity 14,050 36.7% 12,855 33.8% 1,195 9.3%
Non-current liabilities 15,115 39.5% 15,842 41.6% -727 -4.6%
of which:
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 2,313 1,836 477
Other non-current provisions 834 855 -22
Non-current financial liabilities 8,809 9,616 -807
Other non-current liabilities 3,159 3,535 -376
Current liabilities 9,086 23.8% 9,384 24.6% -298 -3.2%
of which:
Current provisions 412 536 -124
Current financial liabilities 3,788 4,097 -309
Trade accounts payable 2,048 1,921 127
Other current liabilities 2,838 2,830 8
Total liabilities and equity 38,251 100.0% 38,081 100.0% 170 0.4%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Combined Management Report 105
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group
The total assets of the Merck Group amounted to € 38,251 million
as of December 31, 2016. This represents an increase of € 170
million or 0.4% over December 31, 2015 (€ 38,081 million).
Despite the expansion of the operating businesses, at € 3,486
million working capital remained at the level of 2015.
MERCK GROUP
Working capital
Change
€ million Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 20151 € million in %
Trade accounts receivable 9 889 2,738 151 5.5%
Receivables from royalties and licenses 38 11 26 >100.0%
Inventories 2,607 2,610 -3 -0.1%
Trade accounts payable -2,048 -1,921 -127 6.6%
Working capital 3,486 3,438 47 1.4%
1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Net financial debt, which rose sharply in 2015 owing to the acqui-
sition of Sigma-Aldrich, was lowered in 2016 by € 1,141 million to
€ 11,513 million (December 31, 2015: € 12,654 million). The com-
position and the development of net financial debt were as follows:
MERCK GROUP
Net financial debt
Change

€ million Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2015 € million in %
Bonds and commercial paper 9650 9,851 -201 -2.0%
Bank loans 1,978 3,006 -1,028 -34.2%
Liabilities to related parties 758 578 180 31.1%
Loans from third parties and other financial liabilities 80 89 -10 -10.9%
Liabilities from derivatives (financial transactions) 128 184 -55 - 30.2%
Finance lease liabilities 4 5 -1 -25.0%
Financial liabilities 12,597 13,713 -1,116 -8.0%

less

Cash and cash equivalents 939 832 107 12.8%

Current financial assets 145 227 -82 - 36.0%
Net financial debt 11,513 12,654 -1,141 -9.0%

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

MERCK GROUP
Reconciliation of net financial debt

106

€ million 2016 2015
January 1 12,654 559
Currency translation difference 118 -737
Dividend payments to shareholders and to E. Merck! 600 568
Acquisitions* 156 13,482
Assumption of financial liabilities from Sigma-Aldrich - 425
Payment from the disposal of assets held for sale and from other divestments! -366 -86
Free cash flow -1,693 -1,539
Other 44 -19
December 31 11,513 12,654

1According to the consolidated cash flow statement.

The strong increase in pension provisions to € 2,313 million
(December 31, 2015: € 1,836 million) was mainly attributable to
the required reduction in the discount rate when calculating the
present value of the defined benefit obligations. The resulting actu-
arial losses were recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Com-
prehensive Income and, taking into account deferred taxes, low-
ered the equity of the Merck Group as of December 31, 2016. In
addition, dividend payments and the profit transfer to E. Merck KG
caused equity to decline. These equity-lowering effects were more
than offset by the profit after tax amounting to € 1,633 million and
the development of currency translation differences from the trans-
lation of assets held in foreign currencies into euro, the reporting

MERCK GROUP
Free cash flow

currency. Consequently, equity increased in 2016 by € 1,195 million
to € 14,050 million (December 31, 2015: € 12,855 million) (see
“Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income” and “Consol-
idated Statement of Changes in Net Equity” in the Consolidated
Financial Statements). Thanks to the sharp increase in equity, the
equity ratio rose by nearly three percentage points, amounting to
36.7% as of December 31, 2016 (December 31, 2015: 33.8%).

Driven by the positive development of net cash flows from
operating activities, free cash flow rose by 10.0% over 2015 to
€ 1,693 million, despite strong investment activity. The composition
as well as the development of the relevant items are presented in
the following table:

Change
€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
Cash flow from operating activities according to the cash flow statement 2,518 2,195 323 14.7%
Payments for investments in intangible assets -132 -179 47 - 26.3%
Payments from the disposal of intangible assets 2 27 -26 -93.4%
Payments for investments in property, plant and equipment -716 -514 -202 39.3%
Payments from the disposal of property, plant and equipment 21 9 12 >100.0%
Free cash flow 1,693 1,539 155 10.0%

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group rose in 2016 by 20.0%
to € 3,318 million (2015: € 2,766 million). This was mainly driven
by the positive development of EBITDA pre exceptionals. The com-
position of this financial indicator is presented in the Group man-
agement report under “Internal Management System”.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual
quarters and the percentage changes in comparison with 2015
were as follows:

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow and change by quarter*

€ million/change in %

Qi Q2 Q3
2016 —~- @
2015 —~ @G

107

735

% — Ee ——_—_¥—_+ os —_—_—___> on —_—_—_> -8.6% —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

MERCK GROUP
Business free cash flow by business sector - 2016

€ million/in %

27%
Performance Materials

1,011
43%
Healthcare
1,648
30%
Life Science
1,144

Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow by € -485 million due to Corporate
and Other.

The investments in property, plant, equipment and software included
in the calculation of business free cash flow as well as advance
payments for intangible assets increased in 2016 by 41.1% toa
total of € 859 million (2015: € 609 million). The investments in
property, plant and equipment included therein amounted to € 722
million in 2016 (2015: € 564 million), € 332 million of which was
attributable to strategic investment projects each with a project
volume of more than € 2 million; the remainder was attributable
to smaller capital spending projects.

In 2016, strategic investments of € 110 million were made to
expand the Darmstadt site. Of this amount, € 39 million was used
to upgrade global headquarters; the projects include an Innovation
Center, a Visitor Center and an employee cafeteria, among other
things. Moreover, OLED production capacity in the Performance
Materials business sector was expanded with an investment of € 14

All the business sectors contributed to the increase in Group busi-
ness free cash flow in 2016. Healthcare generated business free
cash flow of € 1,648 million (2015: € 1,581 million). Consequently,
with a 43% share (2015: 50%) of Group business free cash flow
(excluding the decline of € -485 million due to Corporate and
Other) Healthcare was once again the business sector with the
highest cash flows. In 2016, the Life Science business sector
achieved a 69.3% increase in business free cash flow to € 1,144
million (2015: € 676 million), thus also increasing its share of
Group business free cash flow to 30% (2015: 21%). Performance
Materials contributed € 1,011 million (2015: € 931 million) to this
Group financial indicator, equivalent to 27% (2015: 29%).

million in order to meet growing market demand. In the Healthcare
business sector, investments included € 21 million in a new labora-
tory building for pharmaceutical research and € 10 million in a new
packaging center.

Globally, the Healthcare business sector made significant stra-
tegic investments in a production facility in Nantong, China (€ 39
million), a new packaging plant at the Aubonne site in Switzerland
(€ 16 million), an expansion of the existing filling plant at the Bari
site in Italy (€ 11 million), and a new production unit for the
Allergopharma business in Reinbek, Germany (€ 10 million).

In 2016, the outlooks for our long-term credit ratings were
upgraded by the two rating agencies Moody's and Standard &
Poor’s. Merck currently has a rating of “A” with a stable outlook
(2015: “A” with a negative outlook) from Standard & Poor’s and a
“Baal” rating with a stable outlook (2015: “Baal” with a negative
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Merck Group

outlook) from Moody’s. In 2016, the rating agency Scope began
covering our credit rating and issued Merck an “A-” rating with a
stable outlook. An overview of the development of our rating in
recent years is presented in the Report on Risks and Opportunities.
The development of key balance sheet figures is as follows:

MERCK GROUP
Key balance sheet figures

108

in % Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2015! Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012
. . Equity
Equity ratio 36.7% 33.8% 45.4% 53.2% 48.1%
Total assets
Non-current assets
Asset ratio 79.9% 80.7% 59.7% 64.5% 69.4%
Total assets
Equity
Asset coverage 45.9% 41.8% 76.0% 82.4% 69.4%
Non-current assets
. Current liabilities
Finance structure 37.5% 37.2% 46.5% 40.0% 40.6%

Liabilities (total)

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Overall assessment of business performance and economic
situation

For Merck, 2016 was another very successful year. The very good
performance of operating business confirms our strategy. Despite
growing global uncertainties, we reached or exceeded the objec-
tives we had set for 2016. Group net sales showed profitable
growth, reaching a new record level of € 15,024 million (2015:
€ 12,845 million). This was the outcome of both the company’s
own strengths and acquisitions. EBITDA pre exceptionals rose by
23.7% to € 4,490 million (2015: € 3,630 million), growing even
more strongly than net sales, which increased in 2016 by 17.0%.
Thanks to internal financing strength, we succeeded in lowering
net financial debt from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition by € 1,141
million.

Our three business sectors made significant progress in 2016.
Healthcare advanced its pharmaceutical pipeline and achieved
important milestones towards the market launch of new medicines.
In 2016, Life Science generated a strong organic sales increase of
6.3%, thus growing faster than the market. The business sector
was very successful in realizing the synergies from the Sigma-
Aldrich integration in 2016. We made better progress than origi-
nally expected both in leveraging cost synergies and in realizing
sales synergies. The Performance Materials business sector again

demonstrated its sound earnings resilience in 2016. Future-
oriented investments further boosted the innovative strength of
this business sector. Among other things, an OLED materials pro-
duction unit was commissioned in Darmstadt in 2016. In addition,
Performance Materials sustainably secured its market leadership
in Display Materials.

Our solid accounting and finance policy is reflected by the very
good key balance sheet figures. The equity ratio, which improved
to 36.7% as of December 31, 2016, is at a very good level. The
rapid reduction of net financial debt, which rose massively in 2015
owing to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, remains a key priority.
This is also reflected by the improved assessments of the two
rating agencies Standard & Poor's (“A” with a stable outlook; 2015:
“A” with a negative outlook) and Moody’s (“Baa1” with a stable
outlook; 2015: “Baai” with a negative outlook). In 2016, the rat-
ing agency Scope began covering the Group’s credit rating and
issued Merck an “A-” rating with a stable outlook.

Against the backdrop of the solid net assets and financial posi-
tion as well as the earnings strength of the businesses, we assess
the economic position of the Merck Group very positively. The
excellent condition Merck is in offers a superb foundation for the
achievement of further sustainable and profitable growth.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

Healthcare

109

HEALTHCARE
Key figures
Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %

Net sales ee 6855 6,934 -79 -1.1%

Operating result (EBIT) 1,593 1,097 497 45.3%
Margin (% of net sales)! 23.2% 15.8%

EBITDA 2,425 1,970 454 23.0%
Margin (% of net sales)+ 35.4% 28.4%

EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,128 2,002 126 6.3%
Margin (% of net sales)+ 31.0% 28.9%

Business free cash flow 1,648 1,581 67 4.2%

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2016, the Healthcare business sector generated organic sales
growth of 4.6%. Negative exchange rate effects of -4.6% and a
negative portfolio effect of -1.1% led to an overall decline in net
sales of -1.1% to € 6,855 million (2015: € 6,934 million). Nearly
all the franchises contributed to the business sector’s organic
growth. In particular, products to treat infertility (Gonal-f®), thyroid
disorders (Euthyrox®), growth disorders (Saizen®), and the stra-
tegic core brand Neurobion® from the Consumer Health business
performed well in 2016. Erbitux®, the business sector’s second-
largest product in terms of sales, also generated slight organic
sales growth. Only Rebif®, the top-selling drug within Healthcare,
sustained a slight organic decline. The negative exchange rate

effects were mainly due to the development of Latin American
currencies. However, the decline in the value of the British pound
against the euro also contributed slightly to the exchange rate
effects. The negative portfolio effect was attributable to the return
of the rights to Kuvan® to BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc., USA, at
the beginning of 2016.

Commission income, which is also included in net sales, rose
to € 178 million in 2016 (2015: € 103 million). The increase was
driven in particular by profit-sharing from the co-commercialization
of Xalkori® with Pfizer, Inc., USA. The agreement reached with
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, USA, in 2013 on the co-promotion
of Glucophage® in China continued to have a positive effect on
commission income.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

The development of sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2016 are presented in the
following overview:

HEALTHCARE
Net sales and organic growth by quarter?

€ million/organic growth in %

no

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 ——~ @RZ5 1,766
2015 ——~ @Rg5 1,737

6 4 @ © @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

HEALTHCARE
Net sales by region - 2016
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector
7%

Middle East and Africa (MEA)
12%

Latin America 461
839

37%

Europe

2,555

21%
Asia-Pacific (APAC)

1,399

23%
North America

1,601

In North America, the second-largest region in terms of sales,
organic growth of 11.1% led to net sales of € 1,601 million (2015:
€ 1,430 million). This development was mainly driven by the double-
digit organic growth of Gonal-f®, a hormone used in the treatment
of infertility, due to the favorable competitive situation that we
benefited from throughout 2016. Organic and currency-related
sales growth of Rebif® as well as organic sales growth of Saizen®
continued to have a positive effect on the performance of sales in
this region. North America’s contribution to net sales of the Health-
care business sector thus increased to 23% (2015: 21%).

In the Asia-Pacific region, organic sales growth of 9.4% was
recorded in 2016. This development was mainly attributable to
higher sales of Gonal-f® and Euthyrox®, higher commission income
from the co-promotion of Glucophage® with Bristol-Myers Squibb
in China, as well as the growth of the Consumer Health business.
In 2016, this region’s share of the business sector’s net sales
further increased to 21% (2015: 19%).

Europe, which remained the Healthcare business sector’s largest
region accounting for 37% of net sales (2015: 39%), registered
an organic sales decline of -2.5%. Consequently, net sales totaled
€ 2,555 million (2015: € 2,729 million). The organic decline was
driven in particular by the continued difficult competitive situation
for both Rebif® and Erbitux®. Furthermore, negative exchange rate
effects of -1.6% and a portfolio effect of -2.3% resulted in an
overall decline in net sales of -6.4%.

Sales in Latin America amounted to € 839 million in 2016 and were
thus below the previous year’s level (2015: € 1,022 million). Pos-
itive organic growth of 7.7% could not offset the negative foreign
exchange impact of -25.5%. Organic growth was generated by
all franchises, in particular with Rebif®, Erbitux® and Euthyrox®, as
well as in the Consumer Health business with the strategic brand
Neurobion®. Overall, Asia-Pacific’s contribution to the net sales of
the Healthcare business sector declined to 12% (2015: 15%).

In 2016, the Middle East and Africa region achieved organic
sales growth of 5.5%, with net sales totaling € 461 million (2015:
€ 450 million). Double-digit organic growth in particular with Rebif®,
Erbitux®, Concor®, and Euthyrox® compensated for the organic
decline in sales of Glucophage® and negative exchange rate effects
of -1.8%.
Combined Management Report mW
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

HEALTHCARE
Net sales components by region - 2016
Exchange rate Acquisitions /
€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 2,555 -2.5% -1.6% -2.3% -6.4%
North America 1,601 11.1% 0.8% - 11.9%
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 1,399 9.4% -1.2% -0.8% 7.4%
Latin America 839 7.7% -25.5% -0.1% -17.9%
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 461 5.5% -1.8% -1.2% 2.4%
Healthcare 6,855 4.6% -4.6% -1.1% -1.1%
Net sales and organic growth rates of the key products developed
in 2016 as follows:
HEALTHCARE
Product sales and organic growth
€ million/organic growth in % %
2016
1,741
Rebif® *
1,798
2015
Est{0)
Erbitux® *
899
Gonal-f®
431
Concor® *

463

388

Glucophage®
437

332
Euthyrox® °
312

Neurobion® *

270

Saizen®
261

1Previous year’s figure has been adjusted.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

Sales of the drug Rebif®, which is used to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis, only sustained a slight organic sales decline of
-1.7% in 2016 despite continued competitive pressure from oral
formulations. Including negative exchange rate effects of -1.5%,
sales totaled € 1,741 million (2015: € 1,798 million).

The North America region, which generated 61% of Rebif® sales
(2015: 58%) and is the largest market for this product, delivered
organic growth of 2.1%. This was primarily due to favorable price
developments in the United States in 2016, which slightly offset
the decline in volumes.

In Europe, which accounts for 30% of sales (2015: 34%) and
is the Healthcare business sector’s second largest region, sales
saw a significant organic decline of -12.2% to € 524 million (2015:
€ 605 million). This development was due in particular to the dif-
ficult competitive situation and the associated decline in volumes.

Together, the remaining regions Latin America, Middle East and
Africa, and Asia-Pacific generated € 145 million (2015: € 151 mil-
lion) in Rebif® sales, equivalent to a 9% share (2015: 8%).

In 2016, sales of the oncology drug Erbitux® totaled € 880
million (2015: € 899 million). Organic growth of 1.1% was fully
canceled out by negative foreign exchange effects of -3.2%.

HEALTHCARE

n2

In Europe, which accounted for 54% of Erbitux® sales (2015: 55%)
and is thus the top-selling region for this product, sales decreased
organically by - 3.4%. The organic decline was mainly attributable
to the challenging competitive situation as well as mandatory price
reductions in several countries. Including negative foreign exchange
effects of -1.9%, sales in Europe declined to € 470 million (2015:
€ 496 million).

In the Asia-Pacific region, which accounted for a 32% (2015:
29%) share of net sales, Erbitux® sales increased to € 280 million
(2015: 265 million). Here, both organic growth of 2.8% and cur-
rency tailwinds of 2.8% had a positive effect on the development
of sales.

In Latin America, sales declined to € 73 million (2015: € 87
million) despite double-digit organic growth of 14.5%. This was
due to negative foreign exchange effects of -30.4%, which were
predominantly attributable to the development of the Argentinian
peso against the euro.

The Middle East and Africa region generated double-digit
organic growth of 13.2%, with sales amounting to € 56 million
(2015: € 50 million).

Product sales and organic growth of Rebif® and Erbitux® by region - 2016

Asia-Pacific Middle East and

Total Europe North America (APAC) Latin America Africa (MEA)

€ million 1,741 524 1,071 14 64 67

Rebif® Organic growth in % -1.7% -12.2% 2.1% -11.7% 20.2% 15.3%
% of sales 100% 30% 61% 1% 4% 4%

€ million 880 470 - 280 73 56

Erbitux® Organic growth in % 1.1% -3.4% - 2.8% 14.5% 13.2%
% of sales 100% 54% - 32% 8% 6%

In 2016, the Healthcare business sector generated organic sales
growth of 12.4% with Gonal-f®, the leading recombinant hormone
used in the treatment of infertility. Taking negative foreign
exchange effects of -2.5% into account, sales of this product rose
to € 753 million (2015: € 685 million). This development was
mainly driven by organic growth of 47.7% in North America, as a
consequence of the continued favorable competitive situation from
which we benefited throughout 2016. Likewise, sales rose organ-
ically in the Asia-Pacific region by 9.6%, which more than offset
the -3.5% organic decline in sales in Europe. The other products
in the Fertility portfolio also developed positively.

Sales by the Endocrinology franchise, which mainly consists of
products to treat growth disorders, amounted to € 404 million and
were thus lower than the previous year’s level (2015: € 461 mil-
lion). This decrease in sales was primarily due to the return of the
rights to Kuvan® to BioMarin Pharmaceutical, which was reflected
in the portfolio effect of -15.8% and canceled out organic growth
of 6.7%. The growth hormone Saizen®, which is the top-selling
product in the franchise, delivered organic growth of 9.7%, result-
ing in net sales of € 270 million (2015: € 261 million).
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

Sales by the General Medicine franchise (including CardioMetabolic
Care), which commercializes products to treat cardiovascular dis-
eases and diabetes, among other things, declined to € 1,720 mil-
lion (2015: € 1,791 million’). Organic growth of 4.2% was canceled
out by negative foreign exchange effects of -7.9%. In particular
Euthyrox®, a drug to treat thyroid disorders, showed solid perfor-
mance with organic growth of 12.2%. Including currency head-
winds of —5.9%, this led to sales of € 332 million (2015: € 312
million), which were mainly driven by performance in the Chinese
market. Product sales of Glucophage® fell owing to an organic
decline of -1.6% and negative exchange rate effects of -9.4%.
However, commission income for Glucophage® rose, amounting

HEALTHCARE
Results of operations

ns

to € 106 million (2015: € 86 million), which corresponded to an
organic increase of 24.3% and was also driven by performance in
China. Concor® delivered organic growth of 4.0% in 2016. Currency
headwinds of -10.9% were responsible for the year-on-year
decline in sales to € 431 million (2015: € 463 million).

The Consumer Health business with over-the-counter pharma-
ceuticals posted organic sales growth of 3.4% in 2016. Owing to
negative exchange rate effects, net sales declined to € 860 million
(2015: € 905 million’). In particular, the strategic brand Neurobion®
contributed to organic growth.

The results of operations developed as follows:

Change
€ million 2016 in % 2015 in % € million in %
Net sales 6,855 "100.0% 6,934 100.0% -79 -1.1%
Cost of sales -1,377 -20.1% -1,442 - 20.8% 66 -4.6%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-1) (-1) (-) (-1.6%)
Gross profit 5,478 79.9% 5,491 79.2% -13 -0.2%
Marketing and selling expenses -2,587 - 37.7% -2,801 -40.4% 214 -7.6%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (- 565) (- 566) (-) (-0.1%)
Administration expenses -270 -3.9% -259 -3.7% -10 4.0%
Research and development costs -1,496 -21.8% -1,310 -18.9% -186 14.2%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-1) (-1) (-) (1.4%)
Other operating expenses and income 468 6.8% -24 -0.3% 492 >100.0%
Operating result (EBIT) 1,593 23.2% 1,097 15.8% 497 45.3%
Depreciation / amortization /impairment losses /
reversals of impairment losses 831 12.1% 874 12.6% -42 -4.9%
(of which: exceptionals) (71) (90) (-19) (-21.0%)
EBITDA 2,425 35.4% 1,970 28.4% 454 23.0%
Restructuring costs 12 30 -18 -59.7%
Integration costs/IT costs 18 1 17 >100.0%
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses -330 - -330 -
Acquisition-related exceptionals - - - -
Other exceptionals 3 - 3 -
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,128 31.0% 2,002 28.9% 126 6.3%

?Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

In 2016, the gross profit of the Healthcare business sector
amounted to € 5,478 million (2015: € 5,491 million), thus remain-
ing stable at the previous year’s level despite the slight decline
in sales. The resulting gross margin increased slightly to 79.9%
(2015: 79.2%).

Marketing and selling expenses decreased to € 2,587 million (2015:
€ 2,801 million), which was primarily due to the termination of the
co-promotion agreement with Pfizer for Rebif® in the United States
at the end of 2015.

‘The previous year’s figures have been adjusted due to product transfers from Biopharma to Consumer Health in India and Latin America as of January 1, 2016.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

The ratio of research and development spending to net sales rose
to 21.8% (2015: 18.9%), reflecting higher R&D costs of € 1,496
million in 2016 (2015: € 1,310 million). The increase was due to
projects in clinical development, in particular in immuno-oncology
among other things as part of the avelumab program. In addition,
work on early-stage projects was intensified. The release of pro-
visions for the follow-on costs of discontinued R&D projects had
a positive effect. In 2016, provisions amounting to € 57 million
were released. These were originally set up in connection with the
termination of clinical development projects in previous years, for
example evofosfamide.

The changes in other operating income and expenses mainly
reflect items eliminated in the calculation of EBITDA pre exception-
als. Other operating expenses and income included, among other

HEALTHCARE
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quarter

€ million/change in %

Qi Q2
2016 —~ i

2015 —~ @i

ne

things, the impairment loss on the co-commercialization right for
Xalkori® (€ 71 million) as well as the gain from returning the rights
to Kuvan® to BioMarin Pharmaceutical (€ 330 million) and the
divestment of a minority shareholding (€ 30 million). In addition,
royalty and license income for Avonex® and Plegridy® (both Biogen
Inc.) reported under other operating income rose by € 47 million
in comparison with 2015 owing to a patent granted at the end of
June 2016 in the United States.

Overall, Healthcare generated an increase in EBITDA pre excep-
tionals to € 2,128 million (2015: € 2,002 million). The resulting
EBITDA margin pre exceptionals was 31.0% (2015: 28.9%).

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following
overview:

--@  @e ©®  @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Healthcare

Development of business free cash flow

In 2016, business free cash flow of the Healthcare business sector
amounted to € 1,648 million (2015: € 1,581 million). The increase
in this key figure was primarily due to the rise in EBITDA pre
exceptionals. Higher capital spending, driven in particular by
investments at the Darmstadt site, reduced business free cash
flow.

HEALTHCARE
Business free cash flow

ns

Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 2,128 2,002 126 6.3%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software
as well as advance payments for intangible assets - 348 - 289 -59 20.4%
Changes in inventories -38 -27 -11 40.5%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -94 -105 11 -10.2%
Business free cash flow 1,648 1,581 67 4.2%
The development of business free cash flow in the individual quar-
ters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following over-
view:
HEALTHCARE
Business free cash flow and change by quarter*
€ million/change in %

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 —— @ezy 341
2015 ——~ @AS 438

© @e © @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Life Science

Life Science

LIFE SCIENCE

ne

Key figures
Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %

Net sales 5,658 3,355 2,303 68.6%

Operating result (EBIT) 556 301 256 85.0%
Margin (% of net sales) 9.8% 9.0%

EBITDA 1,378 674 704 >100.0%
Margin (% of net sales) 24.4% 20.1%

EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,652 856 796 93.0%
Margin (% of net sales) 29.2% 25.5%

Business free cash flow 1,144 676 468 69.3%

Development of sales and results of operations

In 2016, Life Science posted organic sales growth of 6.3%. In
addition to organic growth, sales increased by 63.1% or € 2,119
million due to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich whereas foreign
exchange had a slightly negative impact of -0.8% or € - 28 million.
Taking these effects into account, Life Science net sales increased
overall by 68.6% to € 5,658 million in 2016 (2015: € 3,355 mil-
lion).

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales and organic growth by quarter?

€ million/organic growth in %

All three business areas contributed favorably to the organic growth
of the Life Science business sector in 2016. In particular, the Pro-
cess Solutions business area generated double-digit organic sales
growth of 10.5%, thanks to high demand across the portfolio.
Applied Solutions continued to perform well, posting organic growth
of 4.3%. Research Solutions generated an organic increase of
1.2%.

The development of sales in the individual quarters are pre-
sented in the following overview:

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 —~ @IEEY 1,441
2015 —~ @&i 1,085

64 @ ©6 @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Life Science

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales by region - 2016

€ million/% of net sales of the business sector

4% 2%
Latin America Middle East and Africa (MEA)
256 » 87
23% 35%
Asia-Pacific (APAC) Europe
1,324 1,960

36%
North America

2,031

North America was the Life Science business sector’s largest geo-
graphic market, accounting for 36% (2015: 33%) of net sales. The
organic sales decline of -1.3% in North America was primarily
attributable to Research Solutions and soft market demand in the
region. By contrast, Applied Solutions and Process Solutions
contributed positively to organic growth. Overall, sales in North
America rose to € 2,031 million (2015: € 1,098 million), which in
addition to organic growth includes an acquisition-related increase
of € 936 million due to Sigma-Aldrich as well as a slightly positive
exchange rate effect.

Within Asia-Pacific, sales grew organically by 8.1%, with all
businesses contributing favorably. Growth was primarily driven by
Process Solutions. Overall, sales in Asia-Pacific rose to € 1,324
million (2015: € 831 million), which in addition to organic growth

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales components by region - 2016

nz

From a geographic perspective, all regions — with the exception of
North America - contributed positively to the organic sales growth
of Life Science.

In Europe, sales increased organically by 11.0%, with the Pro-
cess Solutions and Research Solutions business areas generating
double-digit organic growth of 16.9% and 10.4%, respectively,
while Applied Solutions posted moderate organic growth of 3.2%.
Overall, sales in Europe increased to € 1,960 million (2015: € 1,168
million), which in addition to organic growth included a sales
increase of € 677 million due to the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition,
corresponding to an overall contribution of 35% (2015: 35%) of
Life Science net sales in 2016.

includes an acquisition-related sales increase of € 420 million due
to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, representing an overall contri-
bution of 23% (2015: 25%) to Life Science net sales in 2016.

In Latin America, Life Science reported double-digit organic
growth of 12.7%, primarily driven by the Applied Solutions busi-
ness area. In addition to organic growth, the acquisition-related
sales contribution by Sigma-Aldrich increased sales by € 55 million
to € 256 million (2015: € 203 million). Currency headwinds of
-13.9% lowered sales growth. Latin America accounted for 4%
(2015: 6%) of Life Science net sales in 2016.

The Middle East and Africa (MEA) region posted strong organic
sales growth of 6.9%. Net sales for the region grew to € 87 million
(2015: € 55 million) and included a sales increase of € 31 million
due to the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich.

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 1,960 11.0% 12% 58.0% 67.8%
North America 2,031 -1.3% 1.0% 85.2% 84.9%
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 1,324 8.1% 0.7% 50.5% 59.3%
Latin America 256 12.7% -13.9% 26.9% 25.7%
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 87 6.9% -4.5% 57.4% 59.8%
Life Science 5,658 6.3% -0.8% 63.1% 68.6%

The Process Solutions business area, which markets products and
services for the pharmaceutical production value chain, generated
organic sales growth of 10.5%. Including the acquisition-related
sales increase (€ 505 million), net sales amounted to € 2,146 mil-
lion (2015: € 1,492 million). The share of sales generated by Pro-
cess Solutions represented 38% (2015: 45%) of Life Science net
sales. All Process Solutions businesses contributed to this strong
performance.

The Research Solutions business area, which provides products
and services to support life science research for pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and academic research laboratories, posted slight
organic growth of 1.2% in 2016. Research Solutions suffered weak
demand in the Biology business and faced a difficult market envi-
ronment in North America. However, including Sigma-Aldrich acqui-
sition-related sales (€ 1,239 million), sales increased to € 2,055
million (2015: € 814 million) representing 36% (2015: 24%) of
Life Science sales.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Life Science

ns

The Applied Solutions business area generated organic sales € 1,457 million (2015: € 1,050 million). The sales performance
growth of 4.3% with its broad range of products for researchers of Applied Solutions was primarily driven by the Analytical and
and scientific laboratories. Taking the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition- Biomonitoring portfolios.

related sales into account (€ 374 million), net sales amounted to

LIFE SCIENCE
Net sales components by business area’ - 2016

Exchange rate

Acquisitions /

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Process Solutions 9146 SOS*~*~«dN‘CSMHC*~*«“‘é«~ ‘SM 33.9% 43.8%
Research Solutions 2,055 1.2% -1.0% 152.3% 152.6%
Applied Solutions 1,457 4.3% -1.1% 35.6% 38.8%
1The business areas were restructured in the context of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.
The results of operations developed as follows:
LIFE SCIENCE
Results of operations
Change
€ million 2016 in % 2015 in % € million in %
Net sales "5,658 100.0% 3,355 100.0% 2,303 68.6%
Cost of sales -2,679 -47.4% -1,483 -44.2% -1,197 80.7%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-63) (-51) (-12) (23.6%)
Gross profit 2,978 52.6% 1,872 55.8% 1,106 59.1%
Marketing and selling expenses -1,706 -30.1% -1,038 -31.0% -667 64.2%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-453) (-197) (-256) (>100.0%)
Administration expenses -248 -4.4% -151 -4.5% -96 63.8%
Research and development costs -260 -4.6% -197 -5.9% -62 31.5%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-1) (-1) (-) (1.0%)
Other operating expenses and income -209 -3.7% -185 -5.5% -24 13.3%
Operating result (EBIT) 556 9.8% 301 9.0% 256 85.0%
Depreciation /amortization/impairment losses /
reversals of impairment losses 822 14.5% 373 11.1% 448 >100.0%
(of which: exceptionals) (27) (1) (26) (>100.0%)
EBITDA 1,378 24.4% 674 20.1% 704 >100.0%
Restructuring costs 1 7 -6 - 83.5%
Integration costs/IT costs 122 43 79 >100.0%
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses - - - -
Acquisition-related exceptionals 150 132 18 14.0%
Other exceptionals - - - -
856 25.5% 796 93.0%

EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,652 29.2%

1Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Life Science

Throughout 2016, the primary focus for the Life Science business
sector was the integration of Sigma-Aldrich. Gross profit rose by
59.1% to € 2,978 million (2015: € 1,872 million). This tremendous
increase was mainly attributable to strong organic sales growth
and the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. The increases in marketing
and selling expenses, administration expenses and R&D costs in
2016 were mainly due to the consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich. As
Life Science continues to integrate Sigma-Aldrich, spending is being
closely monitored and there is a strong focus on the execution of
synergy initiatives. In comparison with 2015, the operating result

LIFE SCIENCE
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quarter*

€ million/change in %

Ql Q2
2016 —— x

2015 ——~~ @EZ 271

ns

(EBIT) of Life Science rose by € 256 million to € 556 million. After
eliminating depreciation and amortization, and adjusting for excep-
tionals, the key financial indicator EBITDA pre exceptionals rose
by 93.0% to € 1,652 million (2015: € 856 million). This reflects
the strong performance of both legacy life science businesses of
Merck and Sigma-Aldrich.

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following
overview:

Q3 Q4

419

% — Eso ————________+ non _——_——<—e ven _ 54.6% nn

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2016, the business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector amounted to € 1,144 million, which was 69.3% more than
in 2015. This very strong increase was primarily due to the positive
development of EBITDA pre exceptionals and was partially offset
by higher capital spending.

LIFE SCIENCE
Business free cash flow

Change

€ million 2016 2015! € million in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,652 856 796 93.0%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software

as well as advance payments for intangible assets -313 -150 -163 >100.0%
Changes in inventories 5 -840 845 >100.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -64 -375 311 - 82.8%
Adjustments first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich -146 1,185 -1,331 >100.0%
Adjustments first-time consolidation of BioControl Systems 10 - 10 >100.0%
Business free cash flow 1,144 676 468 69.3%

1Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “Acquisitions, assets held for sale and disposal groups” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Combined Management Report 120
Report on Economic Position
Life Science

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quar-
ters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following overview:

LIFE SCIENCE
Business free cash flow and change by quarter*

€ million/change in %

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 —~ Wis) 209
2015 —~- @s 238

~ “ee OO om — on — Cn) a

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Performance Materials

Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

121

Key figures
Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %

Net sales 2,511 2,556 -45 -1.8%

Operating result (EBIT) 823 878 -55 -6.3%
Margin (% of net sales) 32.8% 34.4%

EBITDA 1,077 1,120 -43 - 3.9%
Margin (% of net sales) 42.9% 43.8%

EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,106 1,132 -26 -2.3%
Margin (% of net sales) 44.1% 44.3%

Business free cash flow 1,011 931 80 8.6%

Development of net sales and results of operations

In 2016, net sales of the Performance Materials business sector
decreased by -1.8% to € 2,511 million (2015: € 2,556 million).
This was mainly due to organic declines in sales (- 4.7%) as Display
Materials did not reach the level of 2015. The acquisition-related
growth from the SAFC Hitech business of Sigma-Aldrich acquired
in November 2015 (2.7%) only partially offset the organic decline
in sales. Exchange rate effects of 0.2% had only a slight influence
on sales in 2016.

The Display Materials business unit, consisting of the Liquid
Crystals business and complementary materials, represented more
than 50% of the overall net sales of Performance Materials. This
business unit saw a significant organic decrease in sales, but con-
tinued to defend its market leadership position. The sales decline
in 2016 is based on a strong preceding year with consistently high
demand for display materials. Despite signs of a recovery, demand
remained at a lower level in 2016, among other things as a result

of destocking by display industry customers. An exception was the
energy-saving UB-FFS technology, which generated double-digit
growth along with record sales in the fourth quarter.

The Integrated Circuit Materials (ICM) business unit generated
strong organic sales growth, to which all businesses contributed.
Particularly high growth rates were generated in the businesses
with dielectric materials and deposition materials for chip produc-
tion. In addition, sales of materials for chemical-mechanical pla-
narization (CMP) of silicon wafers developed well.

The Pigments & Functional Materials business unit generated
solid organic growth in 2016. Xirallic® pigments, which are used
particularly in automotive coatings, as well as cosmetic actives and
technical functional materials contributed significantly to the sales
increase.

Growth in the Advanced Technologies business unit was fueled
by double-digit sales increases in OLED materials.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Performance Materials

The development of sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2016 are presented in the
following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales and organic growth by quarter?

€ million/organic growth in %

Qi Q2
2016 —~ Qe

2015 —~ @ay,

122

6 4 @  ©6®  @ —

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales by region - 2016

€ million/% of net sales of the business sector

0%
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
10

2%
Latin America 9%
a Europe

42 .
220

9%
North America

226

80%
Asia-Pacific (APAC)

2,013

In Europe, Performance Materials generated sales of € 220 million
(2015: € 206 million). The organic sales increase of 5.2% was
generated by functional materials and Xirallic® pigments in the
Pigments & Functional Materials business unit as well as by process
materials in the IC Materials business unit.

With an 80% share (2015: 82%), the Asia-Pacific region once again
accounted for the vast majority of the business sector’s net sales.
This is due to the concentration of customers for display and inte-
grated circuit materials in Asia. In this region, sales declined to
€ 2,013 million (2015: € 2,107 million). Organically, sales decreased
by -6.6% owing to the performance of the Display Materials busi-
ness unit. The increases in sales of IC and OLED materials and of
Pigments & Functional Materials could not compensate for this.

In North America, the double-digit increase in sales to € 226
million was fueled by the SAFC Hitech business of Sigma-Aldrich
(2015: € 194 million). Organically, sales reached the previous
year’s level. The slight growth in Pigments & Functional Materials
was canceled out by declines in the other business units.

Since they account for a low proportion of sales, the two regions
Latin America and Middle East and Africa (MEA) played a subordi-
nate role. Whereas Latin America continued to show double-digit
organic growth at a low overall level, the sales improvement in the
Middle East and Africa region was primarily acquisition-related.
Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Net sales components by region - 2016

Exchange rate

Acquisitions /

123

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 900 52% -0.4% 2.0% 6.9%
North America 226 -0.3% 0.9% 15.7% 16.3%
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 2,013 -6.6% 0.6% 1.6% -4.5%
Latin America 42 21.0% -16.8% - 4.3%
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 10 8.0% - 2.6% 23.5% 28.8%
Performance Materials 2,511 -4.7% 0.2% 2.7% -1.8%
The results of operations developed as follows:
PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Results of operations
Change
€ million 2016 in % 2015 in % € million in %
Net sales 9 511 "100.0% 2,556 100.0% -45 -1.8%
Cost of sales -1,145 -45.6% -1,151 -45.1% 7 -0.6%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-118) (-115) (-3) (2.4%)
Gross profit 1,366 54.4% 1,404 54.9% -38 -2.7%
Marketing and selling expenses -233 -9.3% -208 -8.1% -25 12.0%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)* (-13) (-16) (3) (-16.2%)
Administration expenses -61 -2.4% -63 -2.5% 3 -4.1%
Research and development costs -213 -8.5% -197 -7.7% -16 8.0%
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)! (-2) (-1) (-2) (>100.0%)
Other operating expenses and income -37 -1.5% -58 -2.3% 21 - 36.3%
Operating result (EBIT) 823 32.8% 878 34.4% -55 -6.3%
Depreciation / amortization /impairment losses /
reversals of impairment losses 254 10.1% 242 9.5% 12 4.8%
(of which: exceptionals) (16) (-) (16) (>100.0%)
EBITDA 1,077 42.9% 1,120 43.8% -43 -3.9%
Restructuring costs 1 2 -1 -70.7%
Integration costs/IT costs 26 15 11 73.0%
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses - -6 6 >100.0%
Acquisition-related exceptionals 3 1 2 >100.0%
Other exceptionals - - - -
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,106 44.1% 1,132 44.3% -26 -2.3%

+Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Performance Materials

In 2016, gross profit was € 38 million below the previous year’s
level, leading to a gross margin of 54.4% (2015: 54.9%). The
operating result (EBIT) decreased by € 55 million to € 823 million
in 2016 (2015: € 878 million). Apart from the sales-related decline
in gross profit, the main reasons for the decrease were higher
marketing and selling expenses as well as additional research costs
attributable to the SAFC Hitech business from the Sigma-Aldrich

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
EBITDA pre exceptionals and change by quarter

€ million/change in %

Qi Q2
2016 —- @Wé

2015 —~ Wry

124

acquisition. EBITDA pre exceptionals amounted to € 1,106 million,
which was € 26 million lower than in the previous year (2015:
€ 1,132 million). Yet the EBITDA margin pre exceptionals of 44.1%
almost reached the good year-earlier level (2015: 44.3%).

The development of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following
overview:

oo ta) OO on oO oo OO ~“ ee

1Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2016, the business free cash flow of the Performance Materials
business sector increased to € 1,011 million (2015: € 931 million).
This improvement was mainly attributable to significant inventory
reductions, which more than offset the decline in EBITDA pre
exceptionals.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Business free cash flow

Change

€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
EBITDA pre exceptionals 1,106 1,132 -26 -2.3%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software

as well as advance payments for intangible assets -109 -109 - -
Changes in inventories 35 -83 119 >100.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -19 -34 15 -44.7%
Adjustments first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich -3 25 -28 >100.0%
Business free cash flow 1,011 931 80 8.6%

Combined Management Report 125
Report on Economic Position
Performance Materials

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2015 is presented in the following
overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS
Business free cash flow and change by quarter*

€ million/change in %

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
2016 —- @y 282
2015 —- @&y 214

° oS a oo ©

+Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Combined Management Report
Report on Economic Position
Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses for
Group functions that cannot be directly allocated to the business
sectors, such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Communications,
and Human Resources. Corporate costs additionally encompass

CORPORATE AND OTHER

126

expenses for central, non-allocated IT functions, including expenses
related to the expansion and harmonization of IT systems within
the Merck Group.

Key figures

Change
€ million 2016 2015 € million in %
Operating result (EBIT) -492 -432 -60 13.8%
EBITDA -465 -411 -54 13.1%
EBITDA pre exceptionals -396 -360 -36 10.0%
Business free cash flow -485 -421 -64 15.1%

In 2016, administration expenses reported under Corporate and
Other amounted to € 276 million (2015: € 246 million). Other oper-
ating expenses (net) rose to € - 207 million (2015: € -180 million),
particularly as a result of higher expenses from exceptionals, for
example costs of special IT projects or environmental protection
measures for businesses divested in prior years. Consequently, in
2016 the operating result (EBIT) amounted to € -492 million

(2015: € —432 million) and EBITDA was € -465 million (2015:
€ -411 million). Adjusted for exceptionals, EBITDA pre exception-
als totaled € — 396 million (2015: € —360 million). The increase in
negative EBITDA pre exceptionals and higher capital spending had
a significant impact on the development of business free cash flow,
which amounted to € —-485 million in 2016 (2015: € —-421 million).
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

127

Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risks and opportunities are inherent to entrepreneurial activity.
We have put systems and processes in place to identify risks at
an early stage and to counteract them by taking appropriate
action. Within the company, opportunity management is an integral
component of internal decision-making processes such as short-
and medium-term planning and intra-year business plans.

Risk and opportunity management

Merck is part of a complex, global business world and is therefore
exposed to a multitude of external and internal influences. Every
business decision is therefore based on the associated risks and
opportunities.

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as potential
future events or developments that could lead to a negative devi-
ation from our (financial) targets. In parallel, opportunities are
defined as potential events or developments that imply a positive
deviation from our planned (financial) targets. Identified future
events and expected developments are taken into account in inter-
nal planning provided that it can be assumed that their occurrence
is likely in the planning period. The risks and opportunities pre-
sented in the following risk and opportunities report are those
potential future events that could respectively lead to a negative
or positive deviation from the topics covered by planning.

Risk management process
The objective of our risk management activities is to recognize,
assess and manage risks early on and to implement appropriate
measures to minimize them. The responsibilities, objectives and
processes of risk management are described in our internal risk
management guidelines. The business heads, managing directors
of Merck subsidiaries, and the heads of Group functions are spec-
ified as employees with responsibility for risks. The group of con-
solidated companies for risk reporting purposes is the same as the
group of consolidated companies for the consolidated financial
statements. Every six months, the risk owners assess their risk
status and report their risk portfolio to Risk Management. We use
special risk management software in the context of these activities.
Likewise, risk-mitigating measures are reported and assessed.
The effectiveness of these measures and the planned implemen-
tation time frame are monitored by Group Risk Management. The
residual risk after the implementation of these measures is pre-
sented in the internal risk report as net risk.

Group Controlling & Risk Management forms the organizational
framework for risk management and reports directly to the Group
Chief Financial Officer. Group Risk Management uses the informa-
tion reported to determine the current risk portfolio for the Merck
Group, presenting this in a report to the Executive Board, the
Supervisory Board and the Finance Committee with detailed expla-
nations twice per year. Furthermore, significant changes in the
assessment of the risks already known and new significant risks
can be reported at any time and are communicated to the corporate
bodies on an ad hoc basis.

For reporting risks with a potential negative impact on our EBIT,
a threshold is set at a value of € 5 million in the standard process
and at a value of € 25 million in the ad hoc process. Risks below
these thresholds are steered independently within the business
sectors. The relevant timeframe for internal risk reporting is five
years. The effects of risks described in this report on risks and
opportunities are presented as annual values. The assessment of
the risks presented relates to December 31, 2016. There were no
relevant changes after the balance sheet date that would have
necessitated an amended presentation of the risk situation of the
Group.

Within the scope of audits, Group Internal Auditing regularly
reviews the performance of risk management processes within the
units and, at the same time, the communication of relevant risks
from the operating businesses to Group Risk Management.

Opportunity management process

The risk management system described concentrates on business
risks, and not on opportunities at the same time. The opportunity
management process is integrated into our internal controlling
processes and carried out in the operating units on the basis of the
Group strategy. The businesses analyze and assess potential mar-
ket opportunities as part of strategy and planning processes. In
this context, investment opportunities are examined and prioritized
primarily in terms of their potential value proposition in order to
ensure an effective allocation of resources. We selectively invest
in growth markets to leverage the opportunities of dynamic devel-
opment and customer proximity at a local level.

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as
likely, they are incorporated into the business plans and the short-
term forecasts. Trends going beyond this or events that could lead
to a positive development in the net assets, financial position and
results of operations are presented in the following report as oppor-
tunities. These could have a positive effect on our medium-term
prospects.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risk and opportunity assessment

Risks

The significance of risks is calculated on the basis of their potential

negative impact on the forecast financial targets in conjunction

with the probability of occurrence of the respective risk. In line with

these two factors, risks are classified as “high”, “medium” or “low”.
The underlying scales for measuring these factors are shown

below:

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE

128

Probability of occurrence Explanation
<20% Unlikely
20-50% Possible
51-80% Likely
>80% Very likely
DEGREE OF IMPACT

Degree of impact Explanation

>€ 50 million

Critical negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

€ 20-50 million

Substantial negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

€ 5-<20 million

Moderate negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

<€5 million

Immaterial negative impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations

The combination of the two factors results in the risk matrix below,
which shows the individual risks and their significance to the Group.

RISK MATRIX

>€ 50 million Medium Medium High High
€ 20-50 million Medium Medium Medium High
€ 5-<20 million Low Medium Medium Medium
<€5 million Low Low Low Low
Impact

Probability of occurrence <20% 20-50% 51-80% > 80%

Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Opportunities

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business
environment. General measures of the business functions are
quantified during operational planning in relation to sales, EBITDA
pre exceptionals and business free cash flow. Net present value,
internal rate of return, the return on capital employed (ROCE), and
the amortization period of the investment are primarily used to
assess and prioritize investment opportunities. Similarly, scenarios
are frequently set up to simulate the influence of possible fluctu-
ations and changes in the respective factors on results. There is
no overarching, systematic classification of the probability of occur-
rence and impact of opportunities.

Internal control system for the Group
accounting process

The objective of the internal control system for the accounting
process is to implement controls that provide assurance that the
financial statements are prepared in compliance with the relevant
accounting laws and standards. This system covers measures
designed to ensure the complete, correct and timely conveyance
and presentation of information that is relevant for the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements and the combined man-
agement report.

Key tools
The internal control system aims to ensure the accuracy of the
consolidated accounting process through functioning internal con-
trols with reasonable assurance. The Group Accounting function
centrally steers the preparation of the consolidated financial state-
ments of Merck KGaA as the parent company of the Merck Group.
This Group function defines the reporting requirements that all
Merck subsidiaries must meet. At the same time, this function
steers and monitors the scheduling and process-related require-
ments of the consolidated financial statements. Group Accounting
centrally manages all changes to the equity holding structure and
correspondingly adapts the Group’s scope of consolidation. The
proper elimination of intragroup transactions within the scope of
the consolidation process is ensured. Group-wide accounting guide-
lines form the basis for the preparation of the statutory financial
statements of the parent company and of the subsidiaries, which
are reported to Group Accounting; the guidelines are adapted in a
timely manner to reflect changes in the financial regulatory envi-
ronment and are updated in accordance with internal reporting
requirements. For special issues, such as the accounting treatment
of intangible assets within the scope of company acquisitions or
pension obligations, external experts are additionally involved
where necessary.

The individual companies have a local internal control system.
Where financial processes are handled by a Shared Service Center,

129

the internal control system of the Shared Service Center is addi-
tionally applied. Both ensure that accounting complies with IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Group
accounting guidelines.

Group Accounting provides support to the local contacts and
ensures a consistently high quality of reporting throughout the
entire reporting process. For Group financial reporting purposes,
most of our subsidiaries use standard SAP software. Consolidation
software from SAP is also used for the elimination of intragroup
transactions. A detailed authorization concept ensures the separa-
tion of duties with respect to both single-entity reporting and the
consolidated financial statements. In principle, the accounting pro-
cess is designed to ensure that all units involved adhere to the
principle of dual control.

The effectiveness of Merck’s internal control system with regard
to accounting and the compliance of financial reporting by the
individual companies is confirmed by both the local managing
director and the local chief financial officer when they sign the
single-entity reporting. For the accounting treatment of balance
sheet items, Group Accounting closely cooperates with Group Risk
Management in order to correctly present potential balance sheet
risks. All the structures and processes described are subject to
regular review by Group Internal Auditing based on an annual audit
plan set out by the Executive Board. The results of these audits
are dealt with by the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and
the Finance Committee. The internal control system at Merck
makes it possible to lower the risk of material misstatements in
accounting to a minimum. However, no internal control system -
regardless of its design - can entirely rule out a residual risk.

Business-related risks and opportunities

Political and regulatory risks and opportunities
As a global company, we face political and regulatory changes in
a large number of countries and markets.

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements regarding
drug pricing, reimbursement and approval

In the Healthcare business sector, the known trend towards
increasingly restrictive requirements in terms of drug pricing, reim-
bursement and approval is continuing. These requirements can
negatively influence the profitability of our products, also through
market referencing between countries, and jeopardize the success
of market launches and new approvals. Foreseeable effects are
taken into account as far as possible in the business sector’s plans.
Close communication with health and regulatory authorities serves
as a preventive measure to avert risks. Remaining risks beyond
the current plans resulting from restrictive regulatory requirements
are classified as a medium risk owing to the possible critical neg-
ative impact.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risk of stricter regulations for the manufacturing, testing and
marketing of products

Likewise, in our Life Science and Performance Materials business
sectors, we must adhere to a multitude of regulatory specifications
regarding the manufacturing, testing and marketing of many of
our products. Specifically in the European Union, we are subject
to the European chemicals regulation REACH. It demands compre-
hensive tests for chemical products. Moreover, the use of chemicals
in production could be restricted, which would make it impossible
to continue manufacturing certain products. We are constantly
pursuing research and development in substance characterization
and the possible substitution of critical substances so as to reduce
the occurrence of this risk, and therefore view it as unlikely. Nev-
ertheless, it is classified as a medium risk given its critical negative
impact on the net assets, financial position and results of opera-
tions.

Risk of negative political and macroeconomic developments
The destabilization of political systems (as for example in Turkey
or the Middle East), the possible establishment of trade barriers as
well as foreign exchange policy changes can lead to declines in
sales in certain countries and regions. These risks are taken into
account as far as possible in the business plans of the affected
countries and regions and mitigated through product, industry and
regional diversification.

Potential negative macroeconomic developments, for example
in Argentina and Brazil, can also impact our business. To minimize
these impacts, corresponding measures pertaining to the sales
strategy have been initiated in these countries.

The United Kingdom’s imminent exit from the European Union
(“Brexit”) gives rise to risks such as the decline in the value of the
British pound, weaker economic activity in the United Kingdom,
regulatory changes, and the creation of trade barriers such as
import duties, which could have an impact on our profitability. To
analyze these risks and to counteract them in a timely and targeted
manner, an internal working group has been set up. The net risk
of negative political and macroeconomic developments is seen
as possible and has critical negative effects on the net assets,
financial position and results of operations. We thus rate this as a
medium risk.

130

Market risks and opportunities

Merck competes with numerous companies in the pharmaceutical,
chemical and life science sectors. Rising competitive pressure can
have a significant impact on the quantities sold and prices attain-
able for our products.

Opportunities due to new technologies in the manufacturing
of displays
We see opportunities in the medium- to long-term possibilities of
significant market growth of OLED applications in high-quality dis-
play applications. We are building on more than ten years of expe-
rience in manufacturing organic light-emitting diode (OLED) mate-
rials as well as a strong portfolio of worldwide patents in order to
develop ultrapure and extremely stable materials that are precisely
tailored to customer requirements. The development in the OLED
market is being driven by the diversification of applications for
OLED displays. OLED technology is an established alternative to
LCDs in small-area displays, for instance smartphones. However,
owing to technological advances, OLED technology is increasingly
being used in more and more large-area displays, such as televi-
sions. High-quality lighting applications, for example for automo-
biles, offer further growth potential for OLEDs. In order to make
the mass production of large-area OLED displays more efficient,
we have been cooperating since the end of 2012 with Seiko Epson
Corporation to enable printing processes for OLED displays. To
support the expected market growth, we invested around € 30 mil-
lion in a new OLED production unit at the Darmstadt site in order
to expand our production capacities for ultra-high-purity OLED
materials for applications in modern displays and lighting systems.
Moreover, within the framework of partnerships with display
manufacturers, start-ups and universities, progress has been made
in the realization of free-form displays. To expand our activities in
the field of quantum materials, a material supply and licensing
agreement for cadmium-free quantum materials was entered into
with Nanoco. These eco-friendly quantum materials complement
our portfolio for the display industry with products that extend the
color range and further reduce the power consumption of displays.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Opportunities due to new application possibilities for liquid
crystals
We are pursuing a strategy of leveraging our expertise as the global
market leader in liquid crystals in order to develop new fields of
application for innovative liquid crystal technologies, e.g. liquid
crystal windows (LCWs) or mobile antennas. With the acquisition
of our long-standing cooperation partner Peer+ B.V., we are further
advancing the development of the future-oriented market for
Lcws. Thanks to licrivision™ technology, LCWs create new archi-
tectural possibilities. Through continuously variable brightness
control, they can for example increase a building’s energy efficiency.
To drive forward the market penetration of liquid crystal win-
dows, we are investing around € 15 million in the construction of
a production facility for window modules. Production of liquid crys-
tal window modules is scheduled to start at the end of 2017. Anten-
nas that can receive signals transmitted in the high frequency
range can also be realized with the aid of corresponding liquid
crystal mixtures. As a result, mobile data exchange could improve
significantly in a wide variety of fields of application. Since novel
liquid crystal materials for antennas are currently being developed,
the market launch of liquid crystal antennas could still take a few
years. New application opportunities for liquid crystals could have
medium- to long-term positive effects on the financial indicators
of the Performance Materials business sector.

Opportunities from the launch of our new branding

In October 2015, we relaunched our branding and since then have
been using this new visual appearance externally. Our new brand-
ing reflects our transformation into a science and technology com-
pany while at the same time ensuring that we operate uniformly
as Merck worldwide, with the exception of the United States and
Canada.

Through this step, we remain uniformly visible and continue to
heighten our recognition value. The endeavored strengthening of
the brand can lead to new business opportunities and stronger
customer ties with positive effects on business.

Opportunities from leveraging the e-commerce and
distribution platform

With the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich we have gained access to
the leading life science e-commerce platform. Our customers are
already benefiting from an offering of more than 300,000 products
including highly respected brands distributed via this e-commerce
platform. We are further expanding this platform in order to con-
tinuously increase the number of products available on it. Making
ordering processes faster and more convenient for our customers
and offering support through individualized product recommenda-
tions could lead to higher sales volumes and enable us to win new
customers. This could cause our net sales to develop better than
expected.

131

Risk due to increased competition and customer technology
changes
In the Healthcare business sector, both our biopharmaceutical
products and classic pharmaceutical business are exposed to
increased competition from rival products (in the form of biosimi-
lars and generics). In the Life Science and Performance Materials
business sectors, risks are posed not only by cyclical business
fluctuations but also, particularly with respect to liquid crystals, by
changes in the technologies used or customer sourcing strategies.
We use close customer relationships and in-house further devel-
opments as well as precise market analyses as mitigating measures.
Overall, owing to its possible occurrence with a critical negative
impact, the market risk is classified as a medium risk.

Opportunities offered by digitalization and activities to boost
innovative strength

Digital technologies are becoming increasingly important for our
markets and our world of work. Therefore, in 2015, we launched
strategic digital initiatives geared to improving the efficiency of our
internal processes and to evaluating the opportunities of digitali-
zation with regard to our products and customers. In addition to
collaborations with external partners to expand e-health solutions
for patients, e.g. our MSdialog platform, the Accelerator program,
which is being driven by our Innovation Center, is one component
of our innovation strategy. The program comprises support for and
access to start-up companies that offer innovative digital solutions
in the fields of healthcare, life science and performance materials.
With the Merck Venture Investment Fund, we are also strengthen-
ing our collaboration with and access to highly innovative start-ups.
The expansion of these activities could lead to new market oppor-
tunities for us. In the medium term, these could have a positive
impact on the development of our sales.

Risks and opportunities of research and development

For us, innovation is a major element of the Group strategy.
Research and development projects can experience delays,
expected budgets can be exceeded, or targets can remain unmet.
Research and development activities are of special importance to
the Healthcare business sector. In the course of portfolio manage-
ment, we regularly evaluate and, if necessary, refocus research
areas and all R&D pipeline projects.

Special mention should be made of the strategic alliance formed
in 2014 between our company and Pfizer Inc. as a research and
development opportunity in the Healthcare business sector. By
investing jointly and combining our strengths and expertise, in
cooperation with Pfizer we aim to maximize the potential value of
the investigational compound avelumab (MSB0010718C), an anti-
PD-L1 antibody developed by our company. Multiple studies in
various phases of clinical development are currently underway
within the scope of the alliance. The first regulatory submission for
avelumab to treat metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma was validated
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

by the European Medicines Agency in October 2016 and accepted
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for priority review
in November 2016. In addition, we are driving research projects
forward in therapeutic areas of importance to us, for instance
immunology. Another one of our investigational compounds,
cladribine for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, was submitted
for regulatory review to the European Medicines Agency in July
2016. Owing to the relatively long cycles in active ingredient devel-
opment, we expect positive effects on sales of our Healthcare busi-
ness sector in the medium to long term. Depending on the regis-
tration status, initial sales of avelumab and cladribine could already
materialize in 2017. By contrast, expenses currently being incurred
particularly in the research and development units of our Health-
care business sector are already reflected in the latest plans. The
same applies to the pro rata recognition of deferred income from
Pfizer’s upfront payment.

Risks of discontinuing development projects and regulatory
approval of developed medicines

Sometimes development projects are discontinued after high
levels of investment at a late phase of clinical development.
Decisions - such as those relating to the transition to the next
clinical phase - are taken with a view to minimizing risk. Further-
more, there is the risk that the regulatory authorities either do not
grant or delay approval, which can have an impact on earnings.
Additionally, there is the danger that undesirable side effects of
a pharmaceutical product could remain undetected until after
approval or registration, which could result in a restriction of
approval or withdrawal from the market. We are currently not
aware of any risks beyond general development risks that could
significantly affect the net assets, financial position and results
of operations.

Risks and opportunities of product quality and availability

Risk of a temporary ban on products/production facilities or
of non-registration of products due to non-compliance with
quality standards

We are required to comply with the highest standards of quality in
the manufacturing of pharmaceutical products (Good Manufactur-
ing Practice). In this regard we are subject to the supervision of
the regulatory authorities. Conditions imposed by national regula-
tory authorities could result in a temporary ban on products/ pro-
duction facilities, and possibly affect new registrations with the
respective authority. We take the utmost effort to ensure compli-
ance with regulations, regularly perform our own internal inspec-
tions and also carry out external audits. Thanks to these quality
assurance processes, the occurrence of a risk is unlikely, however
cannot be entirely ruled out. Depending on the product concerned
and the severity of the objection, such a risk can have a critical
negative impact on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations. Therefore, we rate this as a medium risk.

132

Risks of dependency on suppliers

Quality controls along the entire value chain reduce the risks
related to product quality and availability. This starts with the
qualification of our suppliers. Quality controls also include compre-
hensive quality requirements for raw materials, purchased semi-
finished products and plants. We are dependent on individual
suppliers of precursor products for some of our main products. In
the event that one of these suppliers curtails or discontinues pro-
duction, or supply is disrupted, this could potentially have a critical
impact on the business concerned. With long-term strategic alli-
ances for precursor products critical to supply and price as well as
alternative sourcing strategies, we reduce the probability of occur-
rence of these risks and rate them as unlikely. Overall, these are
classified as medium risks.

Damage and product liability risks

Further risks include the risk of operational failures due to force
majeure, for example natural disasters such as floods or earth-
quakes, which could lead to a substantial interruption or restriction
of business activities. Insofar as it is possible and economical to
do so, the Group limits its damage risks with insurance coverage,
the nature and extent of which is constantly adapted to current
requirements. Although the occurrence of these risks is considered
unlikely, an individual event could have a critical negative effect on
the net assets, financial position and results of operations and is
therefore classified as a medium risk.

Companies in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries are
exposed to product liability risks in particular. Product liability risks
can lead to considerable claims for damages and costs to avert
damages. We have taken out the liability insurance that is standard
in the industry for such risks. However, it could be that the insur-
ance coverage available is insufficient for individual cases. Although
the occurrence of product liability claims in excess of the existing
insurance coverage is considered unlikely, individual cases could
still have a critical negative effect on the net assets, financial posi-
tion and results of operations. We therefore rate a potential prod-
uct liability risk as a medium risk.

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage

Owing to our portfolio, we are exposed to a number of sector-
specific crime risks. This relates primarily to products, including
among other things, counterfeiting, illegal channeling, misuse as
well as all types of property crime, including attempts at these
crimes. Crime phenomena such as cybercrime and espionage could
equally affect our innovations or innovation abilities as such.

To combat product-related crime, an internal coordination net-
work covering all functions and businesses (“Merck Anti-Counter-
feiting Operational Network”) was set up several years ago. In
addition, security measures are in use to protect products against
counterfeiting. Innovative technical security solutions and defined
preventive approaches are used to ward off dangers relating to
cybercrime and espionage. Measures to prevent risks and to pros-
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

ecute identified offenses are conducted in all the relevant crime
areas in close and trustworthy cooperation with the responsible
authorities. The impact of these risks on business operations
depends on the respective individual case, product-specific factors,
the value chain, as well as on regional aspects in particular. Group
Security is responsible for the overall coordination of all measures
in this area. Overall, the threat resulting from crime in general is
seen as being possible and is classified as a medium risk.

Opportunities due to an expanding local presence in
high-growth markets

For the markets in Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa,
we expect that in the coming years all business sectors will con-
tinue to make above-average contributions to growth. In order to
further expand this potential for our businesses, we have moved
forward with several investment projects in recent years. For
instance, we are investing € 90 million in China to further expand
the pharmaceutical manufacturing facility commissioned in Novem-
ber 2016, as well as a further € 80 million in a manufacturing plant
for our Life Science business sector. Moreover, we are strengthen-
ing our engagement in Africa through strategic investments and
alliances. We are also pushing expansion in selected regions, as
for instance with the opening of our office in Ivory Coast in October
2016. The greater local presence and customer proximity could
give us a key competitive edge and, in the medium to long term,
offers the opportunity for significant growth in sales and EBITDA
pre exceptionals.

Financial risks and opportunities

As a corporate group that operates internationally and due to our
presence in the capital market, we are exposed to various financial
risks and opportunities. Above all, these are liquidity and counter-
party risks, financial market risks and opportunities, risks of fluc-
tuations in the market values of operational tangible and intangible
assets, as well as risks and opportunities from pension obligations.

Risk and opportunity management in relation to the use of

financial instruments

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, we use an active
management strategy to reduce the effects of fluctuations in
exchange and interest rates. The management of financial risks
and opportunities by using derivatives in particular is regulated by
extensive guidelines. Speculation is prohibited. Derivative trans-
actions are subject to constant risk controls. A strict separation of
functions between trading, settlement and control functions is
ensured.

133

Liquidity risks

In order to ensure its continued existence, a company must be able
to fulfill its commitments from operating and financial activities at
all times. To reduce potential liquidity risks, we have a central
Group-wide liquidity management system in place and a balanced
maturity profile. The maturities of our financial liabilities are aligned
with our planned free cash flow. Furthermore, we have a multi-
currency revolving credit facility of € 2 billion with a term until
2020, which ensures continuing solvency if any liquidity bottlenecks
occur. As our loan agreements do not contain any financial cove-
nants, these agreed lines of credit can be accessed even if Merck’s
credit rating should deteriorate. Additionally, we have a commercial
paper program with a maximum volume of € 2 billion. Overall, the
liquidity risk is unlikely and rated as low.

Counterparty risks

Counterparty risks arise from the potential default by a partner in
connection with financial investments, loans and financing com-
mitments on the one hand and receivables in operating business
on the other.

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, we review
all positions relating to trading partners and their credit ratings on
a daily basis. We manage financial risks of default by diversifying
our financial positions and through the related active management
of our trading partners. Significant financial transactions involving
credit risk are entered into with banks and industrial companies
that have a good credit rating. Moreover, our large banking syndi-
cate - the multi-currency revolving credit facility of € 2 billion was
syndicated by 19 banks - reduces possible losses in the event of
default.

The solvency and operational development of trading partners
is regularly reviewed as part of the management of operational
counterparty risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed. The volume
of receivables of each customer is capped in line with their credit
ratings. Risk-mitigating measures, such as credit insurance, are
utilized as appropriate. Nevertheless, defaults by isolated trading
partners, even those with outstanding credit ratings, cannot be
entirely ruled out, although rated as unlikely (further information
can be found in “Credit risks” under “Management of financial risks”
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall owing
to the unlikely probability of occurrence with a potential critical
negative effect.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Financial market opportunities and risks

As a result of our international business activities and global cor-
porate structure, we are exposed to risks and opportunities from
fluctuations in exchange rates. These result from financial trans-
actions, operating receivables and liabilities, as well as forecast
future cash flows from sales and costs in foreign currency. We use
derivatives to manage and reduce the aforementioned risks and
opportunities (further information can be found in “Derivative
financial instruments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). Due to their possible occurrence with a potentially
critical negative effect on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations, foreign exchange rate risks are rated as
medium risk.

Variable interest and current financial liabilities are exposed to
the risks and opportunities of interest rate fluctuations. These are
also managed and reduced using derivatives. Interest rate risks
have a potentially moderate negative impact, are considered
unlikely and pose low risks overall.

Risks of impairment of balance sheet items

The carrying amounts of individual balance sheet items are subject
to the risk of changing market and business conditions and thus
to changes in fair values as well. Necessary impairments could have
a significant negative non-cash impact on earnings and affect the
accounting ratios. This applies in particular to the high level of
intangible assets including goodwill, which mainly derive from the
purchase price allocations made in connection with past acquisi-
tions (further information can be found under “Intangible assets”
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). All relevant

134

risks were assessed during the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements and taken into account accordingly. We rate
risks beyond this as unlikely with a critical negative impact. There-
fore, this is seen as a medium risk.

Risks and opportunities from pension obligations

We have commitments in connection with pension obligations. The
present value of defined benefit obligations can be significantly
increased or reduced by changes in the relevant valuation param-
eters, for example the interest rate or future salary increases.
Pension obligations are regularly assessed as part of annual actu-
arial reports. The obligations are covered by the pension provisions
reported in the balance sheet based on the assumptions as of the
balance sheet date. Some of these obligations are funded by plan
assets (further information can be found under “Provisions for pen-
sions and other post-employment benefits” in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). To the extent that pension
obligations are covered by plan assets consisting of interest-
bearing securities, shares, real estate, and other financial assets,
decreasing or negative returns on these assets can adversely affect
the fair value of plan assets and thus result in further additions to
pension provisions. By contrast, rising returns increase the value
of plan assets, thereby resulting in excess cover of plan liabilities.
We increase the opportunities of fluctuations in the market value
of plan assets on the one hand and reduce the risks on the other
by using a diversified investment strategy. The unlikely risk due to
pension obligations could have moderate negative effects on the
net assets, financial position and results of operations, and is to be
classified as low.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Assessments by independent rating agencies

The capital market uses the assessments published by rating agen-
cies to help lenders assess the risks of a financial instrument used
by Merck. We are currently rated by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s,
and since 2016 also by Scope. Standard & Poor’s has issued a
long-term credit rating of A with a stable outlook, Moody’s a rating

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Overview of rating development

S&P / Moody's

A / A2

135

of Baai with a stable outlook, and Scope a rating of A-, likewise
with a stable outlook. In line with market procedures, our financing
conditions are closely tied to our rating. The better a rating, the
more favorably we can generally raise funds on the capital market
or from banks.

@ saP

® Moody’s

© Scope

A- / A3

BBB+/ Baal _

Baa2

BBB /

2004 2005 2006 2007 2008

2009

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Legal risks

Generally, we strive to minimize and control our legal risks. To this
end, we have taken the necessary precautions to identify threats
and defend our rights where necessary.

Nevertheless, we are still exposed to litigation risks or legal
proceedings. In particular, these include risks in the areas of prod-
uct liability, competition and antitrust law, pharmaceutical law,
patent law, trademark law, tax law, and environmental protection.
As a research-based company, we have a valuable portfolio of
industrial property rights, patents and brands that could become
the target of attacks and infringements. The outcome of future
proceedings or those currently pending is difficult to foresee. For
instance, we are currently involved in litigation with Merck & Co.
of the United States, against whom we have filed lawsuits in var-
ious countries. This company has also sued us in the United States
for trademark infringement, among other things.

Due to long statutes of limitations or in some cases the absence
thereof, it is not possible to rule out that we will face third-party
claims arising from the same issue despite the conclusion of legal
proceedings. Court or official rulings or settlements can lead to
expenses with a significant impact on our business and earnings.

Despite extensive precautionary measures, non-compliance
with laws and regulations leading to related consequences can
never be completely excluded.

Tax risks are reviewed regularly and systematically by Group
Tax. Corresponding standards and guidelines are used in order to
identify tax risks at an early stage as well as to review, evaluate
and correspondingly minimize them. Risk reduction measures are
coordinated by Group Tax together with the subsidiaries abroad.

In our opinion, the lawsuits described below constitute the most
significant legal risks. This should not be seen as an exhaustive list
of all legal disputes currently ongoing.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risks from product-related and patent law disputes

We are involved in a patent dispute in the United States with
Biogen Inc. (Massachusetts, USA) (“Biogen”). Biogen claims that
the sale of Rebif® in the United States infringes on a Biogen patent.
The disputed patent was granted to Biogen in 2009 in the United
States. Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck and other pharmaceuti-
cal companies for infringement of this patent. Merck defended itself
against all allegations and brought a countersuit claiming that the
patent is invalid and not infringed on by our actions. A Markman
hearing took place in January 2012, leading to a decision in the
first quarter of 2016 that accelerated the litigation. A first-instance
ruling is now expected for September 2017. In parallel, the parties
are involved in court-ordered mediation proceedings that have not
yet officially ended but have not led to an agreement to date. We
have taken appropriate accounting measures.

Potentially critical negative impacts of the litigation on the
financial position cannot be ruled out.

In the Performance Materials business sector, Merck is involved
in a legal dispute with JNC Corporation, Japan, (JNC). JNC claims
that by manufacturing and marketing certain liquid crystals mix-
tures, Merck infringes on JNC patents. Merck maintains that JNC’s
patent infringement assertion is invalid owing to relevant prior art
and has filed the corresponding nullity actions, which in two cases
were already successful in first-instance proceedings. The compet-
itor has meanwhile filed two patent infringement lawsuits and
appeals in the case of the nullity actions. We are prepared for a
confrontation in this issue and have taken appropriate precaution-
ary accounting measures. Nevertheless, a potentially critical neg-
ative impact of the litigation on the financial position cannot be
ruled out.

Risks due to antitrust and other government proceedings
Raptiva®: In December 2011, the federal state of Sado Paulo sued
us for damages because of alleged collusion between various phar-
maceutical companies and an association of patients suffering from
psoriasis and vitiligo. This collusion is alleged to have been intended
to increase sales of the medicines from the companies involved to
the detriment of patients and state coffers. Moreover, patients are
also suing for damages in connection with the product Raptiva®.
We have taken appropriate accounting measures for these issues.
Risks in excess of this with a substantial negative effect on the net
assets, financial position and results of operations cannot be ruled
out, but are considered unlikely. This is rated as a medium risk.

The risk reported in 2015 on government investigations regard-
ing compliance with foreign exchange transfer restrictions no
longer exists from the perspective of the Merck Group.

136

Risks owing to a settlement agreement of the divested
Generics group

Paroxetine: In connection with the divested generics business, we
are subject to antitrust investigations by the British Competition
and Market Authority (CMA) in the United Kingdom. In March 2013,
the authorities informed us of the assumption that a settlement
agreement entered into in 2002 between Generics (UK) Ltd. and
several GlaxoSmithKline companies in connection with the antide-
pressant drug paroxetine violates British and European competition
law. Merck, the then owner of Generics (UK) Ltd., was allegedly
involved in the negotiations for the settlement agreement and is
therefore liable. The investigations into Generics (UK) Ltd. started
in 2011, without this being known to us. On February 11, 2016,
the CMA imposed a fine in this matter. We have taken legal action
against this fine. Appropriate accounting measures have been
taken. Given the latest decision, we classify this as a medium risk
with a moderate negative impact on the financial position.

Human resources risks

Our future growth is highly dependent on our innovative strength.
Therefore, the expertise and engagement of employees in all sec-
tors in which we operate are crucial to the success of the company.

The markets relevant to the company are characterized by
intensive competition for qualified specialists and by demographic
challenges. Fluctuation risks specific to countries and industries
have to be identified ahead of time and specifically addressed in
order to keep the skills and expertise critical to success and busi-
ness within the company.

Recruiting and retaining specialists and talent is therefore one
of the key priorities for the company and is managed through the
targeted use of, for instance, employer branding initiatives, global
talent and succession management processes as well as competi-
tive compensation packages. Nevertheless, employee-related risks
that affect business activities are possible, even though their
impact is difficult to assess. We rate this as a medium risk.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

Information technology risks

We use a variety of IT systems and processes in order to optimally
support our globalization. Trends in information technology offer
various opportunities but also harbor risks.

Risks due to cybercrime and the failure of business-critical IT
applications

Increasing international networking and the related possibility of
IT system abuse are resulting in cybercrime risks for Merck, such
as the failure of central IT systems, the disclosure of confidential
research and business development data, the manipulation of IT
systems in chemical process control, or an increased burden or
adverse impact on IT systems as a result of virus attacks. The
Merck Group has an information protection management system
based on ISO 27001 as well as safety guidelines comprising organ-
izational and technical standards in place.

Globally used IT applications form the basis for the contractual
delivery of products and solutions. The failure of business-critical
IT applications could therefore have a direct influence on our
ability to deliver. This also applies to the failure of a data center.
To achieve the required service quality, we use a quality manage-
ment system certified to ISO 9001.

Despite the mitigating measures taken and functional continu-
ity plans, the effects of cybercrime or the failure of business-critical
IT applications and their influence on the net assets, financial posi-
tion and results of operations are considered medium risks owing
to likely and substantial negative impacts.

Environmental and safety risks

As a company with global production operations, we are exposed
to risks of possible damage to people, goods and our reputation.
Audits, consulting and training on environmental protection and
occupational health and safety minimize these risks to people and
the environment. In order to ensure the continuity of plant and
equipment, we monitor these risks both at our own sites as well
as at suppliers and contract manufacturers. By adhering to high
technical standards, our rules of conduct and all legal requirements
in environmental protection and occupational health and safety,
we ensure the preservation of goods and assets. We have taken
sufficient appropriate accounting measures for the environmental
risks known to us. Nevertheless, we classify these as a high risk
since a critical negative impact on the financial position cannot be
ruled out.

137

Risks of the divestment, acquisition
and integration of companies and
businesses

Irrespective of the fact that acquisitions made in the past have
been successfully completed, the risk of conducting the acquisition
and integration exists for future transactions, for instance for the
current integration of Sigma-Aldrich. This includes, among other
things, the inability to meet sales volume targets and higher inte-
gration costs than expected, as well as the failure to meet synergy
goals. The divestment of companies and businesses can lead to
liability vis-a-vis the buyer, for instance through indemnity clauses
and guarantee commitments. Through strong due diligence pro-
cesses and closely managed integration processes, we seek to
reduce the probability of occurrence of this risk. Therefore, we
classify this as a low risk with an unlikely probability of occurrence
and potentially moderate negative effects on the net assets, finan-
cial position and results of operations.

Overall view of the risk and opportunity
situation and management assessment

Although the number of risks reported is higher than the specific
opportunities identified, we consider the distribution of risks and
opportunities to be balanced. A balanced overall view is also sup-
ported by the fact that net sales and business success are built on
a diverse range of pharmaceutical and chemical products for a
variety of industries. As the markets differ in their structure and
economic cycles, this diversification helps to lower risk.

The most significant individual risks in the businesses have
been named in the report above, with business-related risks being
the most significant alongside legal risks.

With respect to high and medium risks, certain changes have
resulted as the assessment of the individual risks has of course
altered over the fiscal year due to changing external and internal
conditions, while the overall risk profile remained stable. Thanks
to the risk reduction measures taken — such as the consistent
implementation of management action (organizational responsi-
bility and process improvements), existing insurance coverage
and accounting precautions — we take counteraction, in particular
against significant risks.
Combined Management Report
Report on Risks and Opportunities

The overall view of the risk situation of the Group, which is derived
from the summary of the risks described on the basis of their
impact and probability of occurrence, leads to the assessment that
the risks are not of a nature to threaten the existence of the Group
as a going concern. We are confident that we will continue to
successfully master the challenges arising from the above risks
in the future as well.

In our view, business-related opportunities offer the greatest
potential. An important element here is the continuous expansion
of our businesses in Asia, Latin America, Africa, and the Middle
East. With the successful focusing and continued intensification of
our research and development activities, we want to be able to
continue to offer our customers innovative products and help shape
markets. Moreover, we also consolidate our expertise in numerous
alliances with industrial partners as well as various universities and
international organizations. We are making targeted investments
in future-oriented companies and start-ups via our Merck Venture

138

Investment Fund and our Accelerator programs. The topic of inno-
vation is at the forefront of all our activities. Externally, this is
becoming particularly apparent through our new Innovation Center
at Group headquarters in Darmstadt, which is to develop into a
nucleus of creativity at Merck. The activities listed hold significant
opportunities for us in the medium to long term, beyond the under-
lying forecast period.

We pursue the opportunities that arise and specify their
expected effects in the forecast development of our key perfor-
mance indicators — net sales, EBITDA pre exceptionals and busi-
ness free cash flow. Furthermore, we will actively seek new oppor-
tunities, examine their implementation and drive them forward
where appropriate. If opportunities arise in addition to the forecast
developments, or these occur more quickly than anticipated, this
could have correspondingly positive effects on our net assets,
financial position and results of operations.
Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

139

Report on Expected Developments

The following report provides a forecast for fiscal 2017 of the devel-
opment of the Merck Group and its three business sectors: Health-
care, Life Science and Performance Materials. The forecast covers
our key performance indicators as in the previous year, namely
net sales, EBITDA pre exceptionals and business free cash flow.
Apart from the divestment of the business in Pakistan as well as

Forecast for the Merck Group

the acquisition of BioControl Systems, Inc., USA, (BioControl) in
the Life Science business sector, our forecast does not include any
further portfolio changes. Merck is in advanced stages of negotia-
tions to divest the Biosimilars business and the transaction is
expected to close in 2017. The research and development expenses
of this business amounted to around € 130 million in 2016.

€ million Actual results 2016 Forecast for 2017 Key assumptions
- Slight organic growth in Healthcare
- Solid organic growth of Life Science slightly above market growth
- Slight to moderate organic - Slight organic growth in Performance Materials
growth - Neutral exchange rate effect due to positive €/US$ development and
Net sales 15,023.5 - Neutral exchange rate effect negative exchange rate developments in various growth markets
- About stable compared with
2016; this comprises - In Healthcare rising research and development expenses
a slightly positive or negative - Further realization of synergies from the integration of Sigma-Aldrich
EBITDA pre percentage fluctuation around in Life Science
exceptionals 4,490.4 the previous year’s level - Slight sales recovery and active cost management in Performance Materials
Business free - Single-digit percentage - Higher investments in property, plant and equipment as well as in
cash flow 3,318.2 decline digitalization initiatives
Net sales continuous price pressure in numerous markets. In addition, we

For the Group, we expect slight to moderate organic sales growth
in 2017 compared with the previous year. Exchange rate changes
are predicted to lead to a neutral exchange rate effect in 2017 for
the Merck Group as a whole. This forecast is based on a €/US$
exchange rate in the range of 1.06-1.10, representing a positive
currency effect for 2017 in comparison with 2016. By contrast, we
continue to assume a further weakening of the currencies in several
of our key growth markets, for instance in Latin America. Owing
to the current political and macroeconomic developments, overall
exchange rate volatility for 2017 is likely to remain high.

For the Healthcare business sector, we forecast a slight increase
in organic sales in 2017. This will continue to be driven mainly by
the strong dynamics in our growth markets, which should offset
the market environment for Rebif®, which remains challenging, and

expect organic sales growth to benefit slightly from the full take-
over of the commercialization of the antidiabetic agent Glucophage®
in China from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, USA, (BMS) as of the
beginning of 2017.

In the Life Science business sector, for 2017 we predict solid
organic growth of net sales slightly above expected market growth.
Process Solutions should once again contribute to this to a consid-
erable extent.

For the Performance Materials business sector, we expect slight
organic growth of net sales in 2017 compared with 2016. We
anticipate volume increases in all business units. In the Liquid
Crystals business, however, we cannot rule out that the initial signs
of a normalization in our market shares from the very high level
of previous years will continue.
Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals is our key financial indicator to steer
operating business. For the Merck Group as a whole, we assume
that in 2017 EBITDA pre exceptionals will remain about stable
compared with 2016; this encompasses a slightly positive or neg-
ative percentage fluctuation around the previous year’s level.

For the Healthcare business sector, we expect a high single-digit
percentage decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals compared with
2016, particularly owing to further increases in research and devel-
opment expenses for our pipeline.

For the Life Science business sector, in 2017 we expect growth
of EBITDA pre exceptionals in the high single-digit to low teens
percentage range compared with 2016 due to good organic sales
performance. The continued realization of synergies as planned
from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition will also contribute to this.

140

The recovery in the display market, which became visible towards
the end of 2016, as well as the broadened earnings base and high
cost discipline in our Performance Materials business sector are
factors which lead us to assume that in 2017 we will see slightly
higher EBITDA pre exceptionals compared with the level of 2016.

In 2017, the expenses reported under Corporate and Other are
expected to improve slightly in comparison with 2016.

Business free cash flow

For the business free cash flow of the Merck Group, we predict a
single-digit percentage decline in 2017, driven by higher invest-
ments in property, plant and equipment and digitalization projects.

Forecast for the Healthcare business sector

€ million Actual results 2016 Forecast for 2017

Key assumptions

- Organic sales increases in growth markets offset continued decline in
Rebif® sales

- Continued price pressure in Europe and also in the Asia-Pacific as well
as Middle East and Africa regions

- Full takeover of the commercialization of the antidiabetic agent Glucophage®
in China from BMS contributes slightly to sales growth

- Low negative portfolio effect due to the divestment of the business in Pakistan,

Net sales 6,855.0 - Slight organic growth

which generated sales in the mid double-digit million range in 2016

- Continued rise in research and development spending due to further pipeline
development, particularly in immuno-oncology

- Negative product mix effect due to the decline in sales of Rebif®

- Absence of exceptional income recorded in 2016, such as the release of
provisions for research projects discontinued in prior years and the divest-

- High single-digit percentage
decrease in EBITDA pre
exceptionals compared
with 2016

EBITDA pre

exceptionals 2,127.9

ment of a minority interest
- Royalty income for Avonex® due to a patent granted in the United States in 2016
- Contractually agreed one-time payment as compensation for future royalty
payments

- Decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals

Business free
cash flow

- Low double-digit percentage

1,648.1 decline

- Continued investments in property, plant and equipment as well as
digitalization within the scope of strategic initiatives

Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

Net sales

For the Healthcare business sector, we forecast slight organic sales
growth in 2017. Developments in our growth markets in the Latin
America, Middle East and Africa, as well as Asia-Pacific regions are
expected to contribute to this growth to a large extent. Likewise,
we assume that the full takeover of the commercialization of the
antidiabetic agent Glucophage® in China from BMS as of the begin-
ning of 2017 will have a slightly positive influence on our sales.
These positive effects should offset the continued expected decline
in sales of Rebif® as well as sustained price pressure in Europe,
Asia-Pacific, as well as in the Middle East and Africa region. Fur-
thermore, we predict that our Consumer Health business will also
contribute to the positive organic sales development. We assume
that the divestment in the fourth quarter of 2016 of our business
in Pakistan, which generated sales in the mid double-digit million
range, will lead to a slight portfolio-related sales decline in 2017.
Beyond this, our forecast does not reflect any further changes to
our portfolio in 2017.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

For 2017, we forecast a decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals of the
Healthcare business sector in the high single-digit percentage
range compared with 2016. This will once again be mainly driven
by research and development spending for the further development
of our pipeline. Here we are investing heavily in our research pro-
jects in immuno-oncology, for example. We also expect further

wi

intensive research activities in other areas, for example in the four
oncology research and development programs in-licensed in Jan-
uary 2017 from Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., USA. Moreover, we
assume that our product mix will develop unfavorably owing to the
expected decline in sales of our highly profitable product Rebif®.
In 2017, there will be an absence of positive one-time effects that
we realized in 2016. These include, among other things, the divest-
ment of a minority interest as well as the release of provisions for
research projects discontinued in previous years. In our estimation,
royalty income from a patent granted in the interferon segment in
the United States in 2016 will increase earnings. In addition, we
entered into a contractual agreement in February 2017, under
which we will receive a one-time payment of US$ 123 million
(€ 114 million based on the exchange rate on February 6, 2017)
as compensation for future royalty payments. Despite the resulting
absence of regular license and royalty income, this will lead to an
improvement in EBITDA pre exceptionals in the mid to high double-
digit million euro range in 2017. However, these positive effects will
only partially offset the aforementioned negative developments.

Business free cash flow

In 2017, we expect a low double-digit percentage decline in the
business free cash flow of the Healthcare business sector. Apart
from the expected decline in EBITDA pre exceptionals, continued
investments in property, plant and equipment as well as digitali-
zation initiatives are likely to contribute to this.

Forecast for the Life Science business sector

€ million Actual results 2016 Forecast for 2017 Key assumptions
- Process Solutions likely to remain the strongest driver of growth
- Solid organic growth, and - Research Solutions and Applied Solutions also to contribute positively
thus slightly above expected to organic sales growth albeit to a lesser extent
market growth of around - Low positive portfolio effect due to the acquisition of BioControl, which
Net sales 5,657.9 +4% per year generated sales of US$ 34 million in 2015
- Growth over 2016 in the - Positive development due to the expected sales growth
EBITDA pre high single-digit to low - Realization of synergies as planned from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition
exceptionals 1,652.3 teens percentage range amounting to an additional € 80 million compared with 2016
Business free - Increase in the twenties - Higher EBITDA pre exceptionals
cash flow 1,144.0 percentage range - Improved management of inventories

Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

Net sales

For the Life Science business sector, we forecast solid organic
growth of net sales in 2017, thus slightly exceeding expected mar-
ket growth of around 4% per year. We expect that all the business
areas will contribute positively to this. The Process Solutions busi-
ness area is likely to remain the strongest driver of organic growth
in 2017. Yet the Research Solutions and Applied Solutions business
areas should also contribute to the positive development. Addition-
ally, we expect that initial sales synergies in the course of the
advancing Sigma-Aldrich integration will make a positive contribu-
tion to organic sales growth. At the end of 2016 we acquired the
company BioControl, which generated sales of around US$ 34 mil-
lion in 2015. The first-time consolidation is likely to lead to a low,
positive portfolio effect in 2017.

wo

EBITDA pre exceptionals

EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Life Science business sector is
forecast to grow in 2017 in a high single-digit to low teens per-
centage range compared with 2016. This is in line with the expected
development of sales. Furthermore, in 2017 we will continue to
pursue with high priority the realization of synergies as planned
from the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. Having already realized cost
synergies of around € 105 million in 2016, we expect additional
synergies of around € 80 million in 2017.

Business free cash flow

For business free cash flow of our Life Science business sector, we
forecast an increase in the twenties percentage range. In particu-
lar, the development of EBITDA pre exceptionals will contribute to
this. Moreover, we expect that improved management of invento-
ries will have a positive effect on business free cash flow.

Forecast for the Performance Materials business sector

€ million Actual results 2016 Forecast for 2017 Key assumptions

- Volume increases in all businesses driven, among other things,

by a recovery in the display market visible since the end of 2016

Net sales 2,510.7 - Slight organic growth - Continued price decline typical for the Liquid Crystals business
EBITDA pre - Recovery in the display market, broadened earnings base and active cost
exceptionals 1,106.4 - Slight increase management could more than offset the continued price decline in liquid crystals
Business free - Low double-digit - Higher investments in property, plant and equipment as well as in
cash flow 1,010.7 percentage decrease digitalization initiatives

Combined Management Report
Report on Expected Developments

Net sales

We forecast slight organic sales growth in the Performance Mate-
rials business sector in 2017 compared with 2016. All businesses
are likely to contribute positively to this through volume increases.
The recovery in the display market, which became visible towards
the end of 2016, should have a positive effect on the Liquid Crys-
tals business. Here we cannot rule out, however, that the initial
signs of a normalization in our market shares from the very high
level of previous years will continue. In addition, the typical price
pressure in the Liquid Crystals business is likely to continue also
in 2017 and impact our organic sales growth.

EBITDA pre exceptionals

The recovery in the display market, which became visible towards
the end of 2016, as well as the broadened earnings base with
meanwhile four strong business units and active cost management
should offset the continued price decline in liquid crystals. Conse-
quently, for our Performance Materials business sector we forecast
slightly higher EBITDA pre exceptionals in 2017 compared with the
previous year’s level.

Business free cash flow

For the Performance Materials business sector, we forecast a low
double-digit percentage decline in business free cash flow. In
particular, we assume higher investments in plant, property and
equipment as well as in digitalization initiatives.

ws

Summary

For 2017, we expect the Merck Group to see slight to moderate
organic sales growth, to which all business sectors are forecast to
contribute. As regards exchange rates, overall we expect a neutral
effect on our sales, with a slightly positive €/US$ development
and negative exchange rate developments in various growth
markets.

EBITDA pre exceptionals of the Merck Group should remain
about stable compared with 2016; this encompasses a slightly
positive or slightly negative percentage fluctuation around the pre-
vious year’s level. In the Healthcare business sector we continue
to expect rising research and development expenses for the further
development of the pipeline as well as a negative product mix
effect. We estimate that the Life Science business sector will see
organic growth slightly above the market and continue the reali-
zation of synergies from the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich with
high priority. In the Performance Materials business sector, the
broadened earnings base and high cost discipline are expected
to help offset the typical price decline in liquid crystals.

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group could decline in the
single-digit percentage range owing to higher investments in prop-
erty, plant and equipment as well as in digitalization projects.
Combined Management Report

Report in accordance with section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

"#$%&’ () *4+4$%,*) +" -(&./"+8&($)'012’345’

$6? &.""7"%8*) 9$88" %+(*:9$,""3 s7<

"HS % Be”? &()*+$)* Fok, -.)&*$ OG 1 ,&2)3#3$)*$.44.&,3.*44$ ()/"$ OHA) &*$
567$ 89:$ &%$/"#$ 3#,-.*$ <&--#,4).’$ <&3HS$ #39 "HS HED’ */&,>$
#1&,/$12,07.*/$/& $0#4/) & * $6 @ A $86: $0#*/#*4H$6$& %$/"'#S:#,-.*$B/8&ACH
<&1&,./)&*$D4/$8DC/;:E
DOS& %$/"#SF.’ *4#$0" HH/$3./HGS"#$4.8-1.*>HO$02F04, F#3$4. 1)/.$
)0$3)2)3#3$ )*/&$ 6IIGI9IGI76$ *&K 1.,$2.’ 2#$ F#.,#,$0".,#0$ 1’ 20$ &*#$
#+)0/#,43$ 0". HESL.4"$0" #9 /"##%&,4$.4&,,#01&*30$/&$M $OESN$ &%$
/"#$.0" ,#$4.1)/0 ES !"#$"&’ 34,9 & %$/" HS #4)0/H,43$ 0".,#$ )0$ LE $0#,4C$
PH/#)’)+2*4+4#* —GQsESR/$)OSH*/)H3$.*3$8CF’ )+#39/8&$.11&)*/$&*# K/"),3$8%$
/"#$ -#-F#,0$ & %$/"#$ B?1#,2)0&,>$P&.,3$ #1 HOH*/)*+$/"H$ ’)-)/#3$
*).F)’)/>$0".,#"&’ 3#,0E$ R%$/"#$ "&’ 3#,$ &%$/"#S #+)0/#,43$ 0" .,#$ )0$
HEH. $1. HGS" #S&,$0"H#$".0$*&$024"$,)+'/$ & IG. 1 1 &)*/-H/ES "4S
1, *0%#,$&I$/"#$,#+)0/#,#3$90" HS HS 2) HOS/"#$4&-1.*>HO$.11,&2.’E$
W"#$ .11,&2.°$)0$ +,.*/43$ /$/"#$ 08’ #$ 3)04,#/)&*$ & I$ /"#S$ 1#,0&*.’>$
°) PHS H,.’ $L./*#,S0)/"$.* SHS 2)/>$)*/4,#0/G$*.-# >$LE $0#,4C QE
T?,02.*/$/8&$/"#$)* Uo &,- 8 *$&*$2&/)*+$,)+"/0$02F- #3 $/8&$20$
)*$.44.&,3.*4#$()/"$/"#8;#,-.* $BH4?,)/)#OS!,.3)*4+$D4/$8U 1 V;:G$&*$
W#4#-F#,$ 56G$ IN6AS *&$0".,#"&’ 3#,0$ &(*#3$ 3),#4/$ &$ )*3),#4/$
)*2#0/-#*/OSH#=44#3)*+$-& #$/".*$6ONX$&%$/"#$28/)*+$,)+"/0E
D44&,3)*4+$/&$/"#$D,/)4’ #0$ & %$ DO0&4)./)&*$ & %$ OF ACGS/"#S-+#"#,.’$
1.,/*#,0$ *8&/$"&? 3)*+$ .*$H#S2)/>$)*/#HO/$ ("&$ %&,-$/"#$L=H4N)2HS
P&.,3$.,#$.3-/H3$F>$LE  — $O0#,4C $Q;$()/"$/"#$4&*0#*/$ & %$.$0)-L’H#S
-Y&,)/>$&MO$/"#S &/"#S +H H,.’$ 1./*#,0E$ DS 1#,0&*$-.>$.&* >SFHS.$
HEHE $ LSS *&/$"& 3) *4$. "SHS IV/>$)*/HH0/$) M$ "HF &$O"H#S)OS.’O8&$
StH HSL AS KIGSLE $O#.AC $Q;E$R*$.33)/)&*G$ /$/"#$ 1,& 1&0. $&%$
LESO#,4C $Q;$.*3$.(0/"$/"#$.11,&2.°$ &%$.”?$ +H#*#,.’$.1.,/*#,0$ *&/$
"8 3)*4$.* SHS 2)/>$)*/#,H0/G$%?,/"H,$ 1#,0&* OS (" &$.,#S* &/S+HH,.’$
1.,/*#,0$ * &/$" 8&3) *+$.*$4S2)/>$ )* HE HO/$ -.> SEAS 1 1&)*/H#3$/8$/"#$
L=#4/)2#$P&.,3E
"#SD/)4’#0$& %$D00&4).)&*$4.* SFHS.-#*343$E>$.$,H08&? M)&*SFO$
["#$D**2.’ SOHH/)*+$/"./$,4S 2), HOS/"HS.1 1,82.’ $&%S/"HS-HEH,.’$1.,/
*H OES!" #9, HO&’ 2/)&*OS& Hl" #S:# *#,.” SOW) *4+$. #GS*&/ — $()/"0/.*3)*+$
-*>$ 0/./2/8&,>$ 1,&2)0)&*0$ /&$ /"#$ 4&*/,.,>G$ .3& 1/43$ F>$ .$ 0)-1#$
~.Y&,)/>$& M$!" #$28/40$4.O/ESU"#,#S"#S’ .($,H#S2),#0$.$4.1)/.’$-.Y &,
M>$)*$.33)/)&*$/&G/"#$28/)*+$-.Y &,)/>GS$,#O8’ 2) &*0$.,#$.3& L/HB$F>$.$
0)-1’#$-.Y &,)/>$& %$/"#$0".,#$4.1)/.’$,#1 HOK*/#3$)*$/"#S 2&/HES !"#S
D/)4’#0$& %$D00&4)./)&*$& FS)" #G48&-1.*>$01#4)%>$/"#S.2/" &, )ZH3 $0" HS
4.1)//E
'"#$ L=#42/)2#$ P&.,3$)O$ .2/"&,)Z#3G$ ()/"$/"#$ 11,82. $ &M$/"#$
B?21#,2)0&,>$P&.,3$.*3$&%$LE $O#,AC $Q;G$/&$)*4,#.0#9/"#$0".4$4.1
MW. B8c* FE H#$8, SOHH,.” $844.0) &*0$?*/)’ $D 1,) $LAGSING[$F>$71 V¥&S$.H/ 81.’ $
& %$HIAGTI6G6I9E6I$ F>$ )00?)*+$ *#($ 0" .,#O$ .+.)*0/$.4.0"$ #3 $RS
4&*/,)F2/)&*0$)*$C)*3$8D2/"&,)Z#3$<.1)/.’:E

K

K

"HSL =#42/)2#9P&.,3$)0S.2/" &, )Z#39/8SH=A’ 23#GS()/"$/"HS.1 1,82.’ $8 %$

/"#$B714#,2)08,>$P&.,3G$/"#$0/./2/&,>$07F04,) LN&*$,)+"/$&%$/"#S’ )- K
)/#3$”).B)’)/>$0".,#" &’ 3#,0$)*$/"#9-4.0#S & $4. 1)/.’$)*4,4.0H0$.+.)*0/$
4.0"$4&*/,E2)&*0$)%$/"#$)OO2HS 1,)4#S&%$/"#S*#(GO".,HO$)OS*&/S0)+  K

nificantly lower than the stock exchange price of already listed
shares carrying the same rights, as defined in section 203 (1) and
81:$.*3$0#4/)&*$6[A$85:$0#*/H*4#S9$& Vo$/"#$;#,-.* $B/&AC$<&,1&,. K
tion Act (AktG), at the time when the Executive Board finally fixes
/"#$)002#$ 1,)44#GS$.*3$)%$/" HS 1,818 /)&*SKIS/"#SO". HSE. SHALE | -K
O#*/#3$ F>$/"#$ *#($ 0". #O$ %&,$.("4'"$/"#$ 02FO4,) 1) &*$,)+'/$ OS
H=4’ 23#3$3 &HOS* &/SH=4HHS SON X$& MH "#$0" ., #94. 1)/."$.2.)’ FHSS" HS
NAS 8 US$/"#S HOOK? M)&*S&I$/"#SD**, $F,’ $OHH/) *4$.&,$]$) %$/")OS
-&P*/$ 0S’ & (HS ]$ & %$/"#$0".,#$-4.1)/.'$.2.) PHS./S/"#S)-#$ & I$
H=#,4)0)*4$/")0$.2/"&,)Z./) 8&*E$!")0$2 1 1#,$’)-)/$86NX$&%$/"#$O". HS
4.1/7 $0". $ FHS #3 24#3$ F>$/"#$ 1,&, /H3$ -&2*/$ &%$O".,HO$/"/$
#$0&’ 3$32,)*+$/"#S/H,-$&OS/"#$.2/" 8, )ZH#3$4.1)/.$2*3#, SHH’ 20) &*$
&%$0" .,#'"&’ 3#,0H$02F04,) 1/)&*$,)-+"/0$17,07.*/$/&$0#4/)&*$ @ 6$86:$* KES
[SO#*/*4H#$7$.* 3 $0H4/) &*$6[A$85 :SOH*/H AHS9S& Uo$S/"#S$;#,-.* $B/&AC$
<&1&,.)&*$D4/G$.0$(#?’$.0$0".,#O$/"./$-20/SFHS$)002#3$/&$, HHS
KA) 8&*$& $48 *2#,/)F #SF&*30G$.0$ &*+$.0$/"#SE& *30$" 24SFHF*$)002#3$,
32,)*+$/"#S/#,-$&I$/" 0S." &, ZN & FFP 3H# SHEA’ 20) 8 *$.&%$02F04,) 1
D&*$,)+"/OESR*$.33)/)8* GSI" H"#$. 11,82.’ $& GH" #$B? 1 #,2)08&,>$P&.,3G$
/"#$07F04,) 1/)&*$,)+"/$& %o$/"#$O".#" &’ 3#, 084. *SFHSHHA’ 23#3$)*$&,3H#,$
/&$#* FF HSLESO#,AC QQ; V&$H=#,4)0#$)/0$,)+'/$12,07.*/S/&$DN4 #$51 85:$
&%$/"#SD,/)4’ HO$8 %$DO0KA4)./) 8e* $/8$ 1 .,/)4) 1./AS)*$.$4.1)/.$)*4,#.0#SE>$
)00?)*+$0"., #O$&,$% HH > $/,.*0%#,.F’#$0".,#$02F04,) 1/)&*$,)+"/0$.*3$
/&$#* F’#$LE $O#,AC $Q;$/&$#=H#,4)0#$)/0$,)+'/$ 12,02.*/$/&$DN4H$55$
&%$l"#SD,/)4'#O$& Y$DOOKA)./) &* / BGA &* 2H,/$)/OGHS 2)/>$)*/#,HO/$)*/&$0".,#S
4.1)/0 E$ O& #&2#G$ (/"$/"#$ .11,8&2.°$ &%$/"#$ BI 1#,2)0&,>$ P&.,3G$
/"# $02F04,)1/)&*$,)+"/$ &%$/"#$0".,#"&’ 3#,0$4.*$ FHS #=4’ 23#3$ .0$
%..$.0$/" )O$ )O$ *#4#00.,>GS )*$ &3#,$/&$ +,.*/$ 02FO4,) 1) &*$,)+"/0$ %&,$
*#($O"_HOS/&$"&’ 3#,0$& %G(.,,.*/0$.*3$4.8*2#,/)F’ HFK *30$)002#3$F>$
/"#$4.8-1.*>$8,$)/0$02F0)3)., HOGS/&e$/"#SHS/E/S/&S(")A"S/"#>$(&Y 3$
FHSH#*/)/#3$ ol, SH=H#,4)0)*+$/"H),$ &1N8&*S.*3$48*2H,0)&*$,)+'0$ &$
fulfilling their option and conversion obligations. Lastly, with the
11,&2.°$ &%$/"#$ B21#,2)0&,>$ P&.,3GH/"#$ O27F04,) 1/)&*$,)+"/$ &U$/"#$
O" #"&’ 3#, 054. *SFHSHEA’ 23#3$)*$&,3#, WESHEA’ 23H#$%,. AN &*.’$.-&7*/0$
Jo, 8&-$/"#$02F04,) 1 &*$,)+"/E

!"#$D/)4’ #0$& %$D00&4)./)&*$.’ O&S#*48&- 1.00848 */)*+#*/$4.1)/ ES
"#90" #94. 1)/.’$)0$4.&*/)*-4"/’ >$)*4,#.0#3$E>$71 V&SM SAAGONAGIJ[EON$
3)2)3#3$)*/&$76GN[6G @ A[$0". ,#0$8<&*/)*+4*/$<. L/ $R:ES!"H#S4&*/)*® OK
+H*/$4.1)/. $)*4 Ht. OHSOH,2#08/8$+,.*/SH=4A" *4#9,)+"08/&$LE WH AC :$
)*$.448&,3.*4#$()/"$D,)4H$55 $8 %H"#SD,/)4’ HO$& Yo$DO0KA)./)&* VGH. FHS

K
I"#$%&()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-

W"#$ %&"()*+4$%,*) +" -(&./"+&($)'012°345° $6 &." 7" %8*)' I$ 88" G+(*:9$,"3

I" #$48*2#,0) 8" $& %0$)/OSHS?)/> $)*/#, HO/ES!"#$0"".,#HOS4.,,>$3)2)3#*3$,)+"/0 $
from the beginning of the fiscal year following the year in which
T"H#$48*2#,0)&*$& 1/)&*$ )O$H=#,4)O#ZESOX #&2#GS/"#$0".#$4.1)/.°$)0$
4&*/)* +47’ >$)*4,#.0#3$F>$218/&$M GAG[N6GIIGEIN$4&- 1 &0#3$& %$21$
/&S$6IGIIOGIII$*& $1.,$2.’ 2#$FH.,#,$0".,#0$8<&*/)*+4#/$<.1)/’ §RR:E
1")0$)*4,#.0#$)*$4.8&*/)*4E/$.4. 1)/.$)0$ &* >$/&SFHS)- 1 #-/H3$
)*0&%.,$.09/"#SFH.,#,0$&,$4,43)/ & O0$& $8 1/)&* $8, $4 &* 2,0) &*$,)+"/0$8,$
[S48 *2H,0) 8 * S&F + 8 * 08 8FF(.,5.*/SFK*30G$ KIN K*$ 1.4) LN &*$
certificates, option participation bonds, convertible bonds, convertK
ible participation certificates or convertible participation bonds
)00?#3$.+.)*0/$4.8&*/,)F2/)& *0$/"./$.,#S)O02#3$.&,$+2.,. */HHSSE>$/"#$
4&-1.*>$ & $$ O2F&,3)* /HS 5,&71$4&-1.*>$ &*$/"#$ F.0)0$ & M$ /"#S$
UWS )ZN BEF HOB? M8* FR IS$/"#SD**2. $4,’ $ OHH) *+4$ &F$O.>$IGS$
IN69$/&$O.>$[G$IN6IG$2/) )Z#S/"#), $&1N&* $8 $4.&*2#, 0) &*$,)+"/0$& GS
to fulfill their conversion obligation insofar as they are obliged to
fulfill their conversion obligation, or insofar as the company exerK
A)OHOS.* $& 1/) 8 *G$(" 8’? >$8,$)* $1 .,/|G$&IO$+,.*/)*+$0".,HO$)*S/"H#$48-1.*>$
)*O/#.3$&%$1.>)*+$/"#$02-$& Yo$-& *#> $3 2G." 3B/ES/"HSHS/HH/G/" /$)*$
#.4"$4.0#9.94.0" SO#H//#-#*/$)0S* &/$+,.*/#3G$& $8 (* $0" HOS S&/"#,$
forms of fulfillment are used.

L.4"$)002#$& %o$*#($0".,#080".”’ H/.CHSL’ 4S /S/"#S3H/H,-)*H#3S& 1 &*$
& $48 *2#,0)&* $1, 4H#GS$12,02.*/S/&G/" HS. [8 HPN SHBG. I"&, ZN &*$
resolution. The new shares participate in the profit from the
beginning of the fiscal year in which they are created; insofar as this$
JOS #4.’ >$14,-)00)F’ HGS" #SL=#42/)2#$P&.,3$-.>GS()/" "HS 11,&2.°$
&%$/"#SB 7 14#,2)08,>$P&.,3G$.*3$)*$3#2) /)&*$%,&-HOHA/) &* SANS8L$DC/;G$
stipulate that the new shares also participate in the profit for a past
fiscal year. The Executive Board is authorized, with the approval of
/"#$ B21#,2)0&,>$ P&.,3$.*3$ &%$LE $O#ACG$/&$O/)1?’ /HS/"#$ %2,/"#$
3#/.)’ OS8 %$/"#S)- LAPT /) &*$&I08/"#$)*4,#.OHS)* $4.8 */) "HP /$A, DE
WH#$4.8-1.*>$)0$* &/$.2/" &, )Z#3$/&$.481), #S)/0$&(* $0". HOES !"#$
48-1. >$" OS" &/ SH /H,#3$)"/&$.*> $-/H,).” $+, HHH 080 2FY #4/8/&$
SA" $H$& TOGA &*/,8& 7 $17,0.*/$/ &$.$/. CHE 2#,$& Yo Vo#,$* &$" .O$)/SH*/H##3$
)*/8$.*>$A8- LPO.) 8" $.+ HAP OSOI" SU" #S-#-FHO$& US!" #SL=H4 K
M)2#$P&.,3$&,SH- 1? & >H#HO$)*$/"HSH2H*/$ & I$.$/.CHR2#,$&% WHE
W"#$ GR (*+&+,#' &-)./"0-
L""#SH#% &? (H#&* G+,’ $#% &)% &)-.+/0) 127 !)#&)

W/o" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

146
728 9

"HSA 8 ()#&* Jot,” $#% &)%&)-.+/0) 12’ !)#&)
WIG+"” &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4,’ &)5%,,.+/# 0) )

5%".)6 728 9

"H#$ %o&’ &(H#IU# )$ *#+,*)$,-$ #°/0$ 12&3$"&4$ SH $/, 7056’ #7$86)"$

the Group management report. The annual financial statements
&’T$)"#$/,%56 HTS To&’ &(#V# )$*#+,*)4$,-$)"#$.#/0$2*,94$.&' 7S

Merck KGaA for 2016 are being filed with the electronic German
ATH &$2& <#) )HS=HHO)*,” O4/"#*$>9? THAR’ <H#6 (FH ISR? TERT HSK @ &6;&55H#$

2 $)"#$8#546)#$,-$)"#S2#* Ok’ $/,%+& A$*#(64)#B

Statement on Corporate Governance

WHC) & HIGH )$,’ $D,*+,* &)HS2, @#* &’ /H#$EII,*76’ ($),S4#/)6, SEFG&S$
H2> is contained in the section “Corporate Governance” of this Annual
T#+,*)B$J)$64$&;4,$+95 564" #7$,’$,9*$8#546 )#$=888B %#*/0(*,9+B/,%

> $6’ @#4),*4$ > $/,*+,*&)HS(, @#” & HIB

$

Changes to accounting and measure -
ment principles and disclosure changes

Due to the first-time application of the provisions of the German
3/1,9’ 6’ (SK6*#/)6 @#$I F+;#%# )&)6,’ $3/)$=>6; IL2 2M$&’$&7N94)%#’)$
8&AS%&THS), S/H) 8&6’ $6)H#%4$,-$)"#S+"# @ 6, 94S A#E* O4$6’/, ZoH#$4) & HUH’ BS
"64$.&++4;6#4$),$°#)S4& HAS&’ 7$)"#G/,**#44,’ 76’ ($/,4)$,-$ Jo 8) #*6&:4M$
SASS#:; $&A4G,)"H#*S, + &)6’ ($6 /, ZoH#$&’ TSHP +H 4HABS!"#S+"#@6,94$AH#&*O04 = §$
figures in the income statement have been adjusted accordingly
STS 8S + HAH H#7$6’$)"#S-,;;,86' ($)&5;#QS

$ 2015 ESTUS
R9%6;:6," Pre adjustment Adjustment 37N94)#7
C& #4 VMFFF WWE XMYYY
Z)"#*$6" /, Sot GYY [ NWF TFEF
D,A4)$,-$% &)#*6& 54 SUY [ KYX [ SMXES
\#*4, SHRP 4#4 [ SMTEV [ SMTEV
Depreciations, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses FS [ £FS
Z)"#*$, +P *&)6’ (SHP-HE 4H4$ [ SMSUS XYX [ SMUFY
Investment result/Write-downs of financial assets VVG VVG
26° &’/6&;$*#49;) FWuU [ £wWU
Pro t from ordinary activities 609 609
Profit transfers Wwv [VWv
1&P#4 TY [STY
Pro t after pro t transfers and taxes / Net income 120 120

I"#$%&()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-

"HSH % &? ()H#E* G+,’ $#% &) % &)-.+/0) 127! )#&)

Business Development

J $ESTYMS #*/0$ 128&3$ 48:#4$ 7#/;6°#7$),$R  $XMXYU$%6::6,’$=ESTUQS$
RSXMYYY$ %6;:6,’ 2BS !"#$7H/*#E&4HS ,-$ RSESTS %6;:6,’ $8&4$79#S),$)"#$

\*-, *% 8’ HS. 8 )H*6& :4$5946° #44S94#/),"BS> AS/,”)*&4)MS)"HSHHS:)"/8*#$
&’7$]6-#SC/6# /#$5946’#44$4#/), *4$4:6(");A$6’/##&4#7$)"#6*$48:#4Q

1+" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

147

D'&'(#
R9%6;;6," 2016 ESTUT R9%6;;6," os"
H#&;)"/&*# EMEVE$ EMETW$ TU SBW*
]6-#$C/6# /# WTS$ YGF$ TE TBW*
\#*-,* Fo 8& /H$.&)H 6834 TMXSW$ TMYVW$ [ £VS [ SXBT*
Z)"# $48 #4 TTY TTX E TBF’
Total sales 4,465 4,666 —201 4.3%
TPrevious year’s figures have been adjusted.
Other sales mainly included intragroup cross-charging for IT ser-
@6/#4$.&’7$,)"#*$&7%6’ 64)*&)6,’ $4#* @6/#4BS

"HBA" &*H#$,-$4& #4$ 86)"$,)"#*$2*,9+$/,%+&’ 6H#4$=2* 94+ $4& H47$
TH/;6°#7$6° $EST Y$), $GTBS*$=ESTUQS$GVB Y*?B$

D'&'(#

R9%6;;6," 2016 ESTUT R9%6:;6," 6s"
2* 94+$48&3#4 XMSYV$ XMVYY$ [ WSV$ [ YBG*
C&;#4$),$)"6*7$+&* )6#4 XSE$ VSS$ TSE$ VXBS*
Total 4,465 4,666 —201 4.3%

TPrevious year’s figures have been adjusted.

3)$FGBX"$=ESTUQ$FGBE/?M$)"#$4" &*#S,-S#P-+,*)496° SESTY $8&48' H&*:A$

&)$)"#S 4H @ 6,94SA#&*O4S:#@#:B

i

D'& (#
R9%6::6,” 2016 ESTU™ R9%6;;6,” os"
Z9)467HS2#* %o&’ A VMGGS$ XMTYV$ [ Fwv$ [ KBE”
2#*%o&’ A XWU$ USE$ [ EW$ [ MBX"
Total 4,465 4,666 —201 4.3%

TPrevious year’s figures have been adjusted.

W"#$ GR (*+&+,#' &-)./"0-
L""#SH#% &? (H#&* G+,’ $#% &)% &)-.+/0) 127 !)#&)

!"H#$6'/*#&AHSO’ $4.8 H#AGSAS)"#SHH&;)'"/&*#$5946' #44 H/),*$8RAS+"6%K*  -
6;Aattributable to the cross-charging of research and development
services to Group companies. Excluding intragroup cross-charging,
"#)$ 4& #48 8,9;7$ "& @#$ T#/;,6° #7BS !"64$ 8&4$ %&6’ ;A$ &))*659)&5;5#$),$
THI;6' #496’ $)"#$4& H#4$,-$/&*76, @&4/9;&* $%H#76/6' #4$=[ LUBV?2$&’7$)"#$
s’/,3,(A$7*9($_*56)9P * $=[$EB UB $a#)$4.&;#4$,-$/&*76, @& 4/9; &* $%H#7 -
icines decreased mainly in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America
regions. This was primarily the result of intensive inventory build-
9+4$5A$/94), Zo#*4 $6’ $)"#$-,9*)"$b9&*)#*$,-SEST UB $at#)$4&;#4$,-$+",7 -
ucts for the treatment of thyroid disorders were flat (+ 0.9%) in
#E&*AS&::$*#(6,'4B

Results of operations

W/o" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

148
728 9

J SESTYM$4&;#4$,-$)"#S\H#*-,* %&’ HS. &)#*6& 495946 #44 $4H/), "$8 HS
5,8#*$)"&’ $6'$)"#S+*# @ 6,945 AFR *BS |" HS 7H/*H#EAHS 8&AST IHS) SBE OHS,
5946°#44$,-$)"#$ K64+;&A$ .& )#*68&:4$5946' #449’ 6)MS$8"6/"$ (PH &)HTS
lower sales particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. The Advanced
Technologies (+13.7%) and Pigments & Functional Materials
(+ 3.5%) business units maintained their level of sales primarily in
Europe and expanded their sales in Asia-Pacific.

33:$)"#$5946 #44$.& *#&AS,-$)"H$]6-#9C/6# /H$5946’ H44S4#H/),* SP? -
#*&)HTSA&HAS(*,8)"BS!"#S6’ /*#RAHASSH HS % &6’ A$&))*659)&5;H#$),$)"#S
Asia-Pacific region, whereas slight sales declines were registered
6° $]&)6’ $3 Zo#* 6/& BST’ $+ &*)6/9;&*M$)"#$34++;6#7$C, :9)6,’4$5946' #44 $8 *#&S
generated higher sales (+3.4%), with sales in Europe increasing
5A$VBG‘B

D'&'(#
R9%6;:6," 2016 ESTU™ R9%6;;6," or
C&:#4$ XMXYU$ XMYYY$ [ EST$ [ KBV*
Z)"#* $6" /,%0#S TFU$ TFE$ [ V$ [ SBY*
D,A4)$,-$%&)#*6&;4$ [ SMXFF$ [ SMXES [ VFS XBF*
VBA, ESHP HP 4H#4$ [ SMSUU$ [ SMTEV$ YF$ [ YBT*
Depreciation, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses [ fwy$ [ EFS$ TSX$ [ YWBT*
Z)"#*$ HP &)6’ (SHEP 4H4$ [ FMWEY$ [ ¥MUFY$ [ ¥XS$ FBF*
Investment result/ Write-downs of financial assets YUG$ VVG$ VES$ GXBX*
26° &’/6&;$*#49;)$ [ EXV$ [ FWU$ [ VFS [ YFBG*
Pro t from ordinary activities 621 609 12 2.0%
Profit transfers [ KSS$ [Wwv$ [ EW$ WBE*
'!&PHAS$ [ YU$ [ STY$ UT$ XXBS*
Pro t after pro t transfers and taxes/ Net income 156 120 36 30.0%

TPrevious year’s figures have been adjusted.

In comparison with 2015, other income reflected higher income
-*, %$.6'/*#&AHAS 6°$ 6’ @# ),*O#4S ,-$ 6’ )#? & AS (#H#*R)HT$+*,79/)6,'$
materials and lower gains from disposals of fixed assets and
HP/" &’ (H$*&)H#S/"&’ (#4ABS

!"#$/,4)$ ,-$ %o&)#*6& 48 6’ /*#&4H#7$ 4;6(");A$ 6’ $ *#;&)6,'$), $4&3#4$
=VVBV*c$ESTUQ$VSBX*?B$

K#4+6)#$ )"#$ 6 /*H&A4HS 6S)" HS "HET/,9’ MS +#*4, SHAPE 44S
TH/;0’ #TBS!"#$% 8&6’ $*H#&A,’ $-,*$)"O4 $84 #8; 8H SHE 46,’ SHP-+HE 4#4$6’$
1,%o+8&*64,’ $86)" SESTU$&A$&$* #49; )$,-$&++4;5A6" ($)"#S& Zo? TH#TMS;H(&5;A$
4)6+9;&)#7$764/,9’ )$*&)HS-,*$)"#$/&3/9;&)6,’$,-$+#' 46, $+*, @646,’4B$
!"#$76--#*# /HS*#49;)6’ ($-*,%$)"64$/" &’ (#$&%,9’ #7$), SR S$EEX$%6;-
36, $&’ 7$64$5.&**#7$-*,%$764)*659)6, $5A$;&8B

Depreciation, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses
TH #&AHT$I0&6" :A$,86’ ($),$)"#$7H/,6 #S,-$R GGW$%6::6, $6’ $6%+86* So )$
| 44#4B SV $ESTUM$6%+&6* Gi’ )$;,44#4$& %,9 )6'($),$R  $TSU$%6;;6,’ $BH*H#S
*H/,C O<#T$,’ $6’ )&’ (65;#$&44#)4$,86’ ($),$)"#S)#*%6’ &)6,’$,-S7#@H; -
+t’ )$ +* N#/)4B$J’$ ESTYMS$ 6%+&6* Zo#’ )$ ;,44#4$ ,-$ )"64$ %&(? 6)OTHS
8#*#S’,)$*#b96"#7B

Z)"#*$ +H &)6’ (SHP-HE 4H#4$ 6’ /*#&4H7$ % 8&6’ A$ KAS KS *#49;)$,-$)"#F,
intensification of IT activities as well as from the disposal of an
6’)*&(*,9+$6" @#4) %# )B

W"H#S6° @H4)%#’ )$*#49;)$6%+*, @#7$I%&6’ :A$7IH$) S&S" 6("H*$76 @ 6TH 7$
+&A U# )$ &%,9 6’ ($), SRSUSS$ %6;;6,' $=ESTUQ$RSEWS$ %6;:6,'2$-*, %$
#*/0$H,;76’ ($2%5HM$2#*’4"#6%B$
I"#$%&()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-

149

!""#$#% &? ()#&* G+,’ $H#% &) % &)-.+/0) 12? !)#&) 1190+" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4,° &)5%,,.4/# ()5%".)6 728 9
The majority of the funds required for the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition
SH#*HSS,**,8H#7$&)$)"#SH 7$,-SESTUBS! "#56 )#*#4) SHP-HF 4H4 $6’ /9**#7$
thereby were paid over the full fiscal year, thus increasing the
negative financial result.
Net assets and nancial position
ASSETS
D'&

R9%6;;6," Dec. 31, 2016 K#/B$SVTM$ESTU R9%6;:6," 67s"
Fixed assets 17,563 17,770 —207 1.2%
V)& ?(65;#S&44#)4$ EUS EEW EV TSBT
18’ (65;#$&44#)4$, TMSSV GET FE FBG*
16° &/6&;$&44#)4$ TYMVTS TYMYEE [ VTE [ SBG*
Current assets 1,504 1,280 224 17.5%
J @#),*6#4$ YVU YTW TF EBG*
Se TH$&//,9’ 4S *H/H6 @ &5 HS EGT ETV WF VYBY*
TH/H#6 @&5;#4$&’7$,)"#*$&44#)4$ UWwyY XUS TEY EFBS*
D&4"$&’7$/&4'"$#b96 @ & #4 E _ E [
Prepaid expenses 28 27 1 3.7 %

19,095 19,077 18 0.1 %
LIABILITIES

D'&

R9%6;;6," Dec. 31, 2016 K#/B$SVTM$ESTU R9%6;:6," 6s"
Net equity 5290 5,268 22 0.4%
Provisions 1,034 930 104 11.2%
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits FS U WU [
Z)"#*$+*,@ 646,'4 GUX GEU EG VBT*
Liabilities 12,769 12,878 —109 9.8%
26’ &’/6&;$,5;6(&)6,'4 TMUSS TMUSS — —
!*&THS &/,9’ )4$+&A&5;# EYS EFG [ &G [ ¥SBS*
Z)"#*$;68&56;6)6#4 TTMSSG TTMSFG [ ¥S [ SBW*
Deferred income 2 1 1 100.0%

19,095 19,077 18 0.1%

W"#$ GR (*+&+,#' &-)./"0-
L""#SH#% &? (H#&* G+,’ $#% &)% &)-.+/0) 127 !)#&)

The net assets and financial position of Merck KGaA barely changed
6°$/,Jo+&*64,’ $86)"$)"HS+*#@ 6, I4SA#&*BSd6)"$), )&;$KAFH)AS*#% KG’ 6’ ($
&:%,4)$/,’4)&’ M$)"#$#b96)A$*&)6,$,-$EWBW$767$’,)$/"&’ (#B

3° $6’) *8&(*,9+$76 @H4) WH )$,-$.#*/0$\H*-,* Wok’ HG. & HF 6O&:A$D,BS$
Ltd., Taiwan, led to a decline in financial assets in 2016.

3)$)"#SK&*%4)&T)$46)#MS$)"#SZ #$2;,5 8; SH#ETI&* )#*4$/,4)*9/ =
tion project made notable progress. This significantly contributed
),$)"#96’/*#EA4HSO’$)&’ (65:#$&44)4B

D9**#’)$ &44#)4$ *,4#$ 5ASR $HEX$ %6;:6,’$ %&6’ A$ 86’ ($),$"6("#*S
receivables from intragroup supply relationships with affiliates as
8H; ;$&4$"6("H#*$)&PS$*H#/H#6 @ &5;#4B

!"#$6’ /*#&c4#$6'$,)"#*$+",@646, 4S5A$R $EG$%6;;6, $8&4$+"6%&*6;A$
&))*659)&5;#$),$"6("#*$+*, @ 646,’ 4$-,*$,9)4)&’ 76’ ($6’ @ ,6/#4B$!"64/,% -
pared with lower provisions for financial risks from development
+* N#/)4BS\#' 46,’ $+*, @646,’ 4$*,4#S, 86’ ($),$)"#96’/*#&AHSO’ $)"HS4 *H4 -
ent value of defined benefit obligations and the greater number of
#%+;, A##4B$3)$)"#$4.& To#S)6%H#MS" 8H @#'MS)" HA SSH HS; SH HTSSAS) "HS
#--#/)$,-$)"#$4) &)9),*A$*#b96*#%# )$),$8&7NI4)$)"#$764/,9" )$*&)H#B

!"#$ TH/*#8c4#$.6'$,)"#*$ ;68&56;6)6#4$ #49; )#7$+*6%&*6;A$-* %$6’ )*&-
group profit transfers pursuant to profit and loss transfer agree-
%# AB

W/o" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

150
728 9

Research and Development

J SESTY M$*#4#&*/" $80’ TSTH# @#;, + UH’ S44 76’ ($,’ $44", NH/)4$-," $./0$
128&3$ &'7$,)"#*$2*,94$/,Jo+&’ O#A$), )&H7$R $WUTS$ %6;;6,’$ =ESTUQ$
RSWFES$ %6;;6,’ ?B$ 3$ ;&*(#$ +,*)6,’$ 8&4$ &34,$ 67/9**#7$ 5A$ /,Fo+&’ O#4$
,9)467#$)"#$.#*/0$2* 9+ BS)’ $K&*%4)&7 MSH#&;)"/8&*#$% 8&6’ A$-,/94#4$

on oncology as well as autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.
The decline of € 126 million in R&D spending by the Healthcare
business sector was reflected in the decline of € 31 million in over-
all R&D spending (- 4.0%). At the same time, the Healthcare busi-
"#44$ 4#/),*$ &//,9’ )#T$-,*$ YXBV"$ =ESTUQ$ WWBPF"?$ &’7$)"94$ "#5
5&*(#A)S +*4,")6,'$ ,-$ *HAH&*/"$ &’ 7$ TH @H;,+ ZH’ )$4+# 76’ (BS !"#$

VBE, Zo & HS. &)H*6& 45946 #44 $.4#/),*$-,/OAHASO)AS*H4H& */"$&/)6 @6 -
JO#AS,’ $7# @#;, +6’ (YP HB$L’ 7$6%+", @#7$5 &46/$% &)#*6& :A$&’ T$VOP)O*#4G$
-,*$]D$ 764+;&A4M$ &4$ 84; ;$ &4$ -,*$6"’,@&)6GHBK $&++;6/&)6,’4B$ |,$
4)*# ()"#'$)"#$\6(%# )4$ 5946’ #44M$ #8 #--#/)$ +6( SoH’ )4$ -,*$)"#$
&9),%,)6 @4M$/,4-%H#)6/4$ &’ 7$+*6’ 6’ ($6 O$4H/),*4$"&@#SSHF STH@H;, — -
+HTBST $)"#S 16-4 C/6# HS 5946’ #44$ 44/),*MS *H4H&*/"$ &/)6 @6)6H#4$
- /94#T$6’ $+-&*)6/9;8&*$,’ $)#/"” ,;,(6#AG-,*$;85,*&),* A$&’7$;6-#$4/6# /HS
&++;6/&)6,’4$ &’ 7$’H#8$ 7# @#;,+ Zt’ )4$ 8H *#$ 7*6 @# $-,*8&*7BS !"#4#$
6°/;97#7$6%+*, @#7$)#4)$06)4MS/"*,Fo&),(#&+"A$Z#)",74M$4954)*& HAS
for separating active substances, and innovations in the fields of
%61*,56,;,(AS&’7$" A (64 #$%,’6),*6'(B

D'&' (#
RS9%6;;6," 2016 ESTU R8%6;:6," 6g
H#&;)"/&*# XFV$ YSG$ [YEY$ [£SBW%$
]6-#$C/6#° /# VG$ VF$ T$ EBY*
\#*-,* Fo 8 /H#$.&)H 6834 EEV$ Tvs$ GV$ WTBU*
Other R&D spending that cannot be allocated to the individual business sectors Y$ U$ T$ ESBS*
Total 751 782 31 4.0%

"HG *8&)6,$ ,-$ *H4HR*/"$ 8’ 7S TH OH: + LH )S AHF 76’ ($ ),$ 48c:#4$ 8&4$
TYBP$=ESTUQSTYBF*?2B$Z @#*&;:M$)"#$& @#* & (HS 9%SH#*$,-SHI+:, ABBAS
8,06" ($6°S *#4#8*/"$ & STH @H:,+ GH )$ 8&4SEMVESBS.#*/0$ 128&3$64$

J HS,-S)"#S 0&6’ SHAH */" S46) HAS, -$)"#$.#°/0$2* 94+ M$.&//,9° 6’ ($-,#S
VFBS*$=ESTUQ$XUBW/$,-$),)&:$2* 949 *#4#&*/"$ &’ 7$ HOH: +%0# )$
44+#°76' (BS!"64$7H/*#&AHSS&ASTOHG,’$)"#S, HS" &’7$),S: 8H FARR"

&’ TS TH@4H:,+ GH )$/,4)4S ,-$ 4°/0$ 12&3$.&' TS,’ $)"#$,)"H*S"&’7$),$
"6("HES*HAHE*/" $8’ T$T# O#:,+ To#’ )$/,4)4$,-$)"#S.#*/0$2*,94B$

Dividend

1" SESTYMS 8#$ &*#$+*,+,46' ($),$)"#S2# #*&$ HHO’ ($)"#S+EKA MH’ )$
,-$&$76 @ 67# 7$,-$RSTBES$+#* $4" &*#B$
I"#$%&()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-
"HSH % &? ()H#E* G+,’ $#% &) % &)-.+/0) 127! )#&)

Personnel

34$ ,-$ K#/#%5#*$ VIM$ESTYMS .#*/0$ 12&3$"&7$ GMGFF$#%+;, A##4MS

&$4:6(")S6'/*#&4HS, @#*$)"4S4*# @6,94GAH&*$=ESTUQSGMUVWBS
3@H*&(HS’ 9%SH#*$,-SHI+;, AHHASSAS-9'/)6,’ KS *HEO

1+" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

151
728 9

3@#*&(#S’ 9%5#*$,-$4%+;, A##4$79*6 ($)"#SAFK* 2016 ESTU
\*,79/)6,” VMEWS VMTTX
37%6'64)*&)6,’ EMVUG EMEUX
144#&*/" EMVES EMTFY
],(64)6/4 YEX UFV
(CHES ( YTG UUU
C&#4$&’ 7$.% &*0H)6( XVX XSG
Z)"#* TTF VXF
9,744 9,449

Total

Risks and opportunities

#*/0$128&3$64$;8&*(#;A$495N#H/)$),$)"#$4.& THS,+-+,*)9’ 6)O#HASE’7$*6404$
&AS)"#$.#*/0$2*,94+B$.,*#$6’ -,*%8&)6,’$/& SSHS-,9° 7$6’ $)"HSTH+,*)$
”$16404$.& 7$Z++,*)9 6)6#4B$

Forecast for Merck KGaA

Deviations of actual business developments in 2016 from
the previously reported guidance:
In the forecast for 2016 given in the annual financial statements
-$.#*/0$ 12&3$-,*$ESTUMS$ 84 $4P+#/)#7$4&#4$),$ 5#$&)$)"4S4+*# @6,94$
A#&*O4$:# @#:BS!"#$H-H/)4S,-$>GL2 $8#*H9’ ,)$6’/:97#786’ $)"#$-,*#/&4) BS
d6)"$)"#SHP/H-)6,’$,-$)"#SH#&:;)"/8*#$5946 #44S4#/),*M$)"#9*#/; 8446 -
fications pursuant to BilIL2 were not of material significance to
)"#S7# @#;,4+-%# )$,-$48&:#4B

=,*$)"#SHA&;)"/& "HSS TSM, [8 HS. RH" 68495946 #4494 #/),*4$
8HS&’)6/6+& )#7$&$4:6(")$TH 56 HS6’ $4.8 H#4B$

The cross-charging of research and development costs to Group
1,%o+&’ 6H#4$ #7$),$ &’ $6’ /*#&AHS 6’ $4.8 H#AS5A$)"#SHHR;)"/8&*#$5946'#44$
4#/),*BS!"#S#P+H/)H#7$7H/6' #36’ SESTY$ //9**#7$86)"$4&;#4$,-$)"#$
¥/,3(AST*9($_*56)9P —* $=[EBU2$&’7$86)"V&*76, @ &4/9;&* $%#T6/6 HAS
=[ LUBV?B$C&;#4$,-$+*,79/)4$),$)*#&)$)"A*,67$764,* HASSE HSE) $) "HG
level we had forecast (+ 0.9%).

2D) "HSH, 08 HS .&)H#*68& 495946 #44$.4#/), *MS8HS &’ )6/64+&)#7$
&S$TH/;6° #S6’ $4&;#4$,86 ($),$/,’)6’ 9#7$" 6('"'S/, Fo+#)6)6 @H$+*#449*H$,’$
liquid crystals. This development occurred and led to a significant
THI #86’ $4.8&::H4$,-$)"#$K644;&A$.&)#*6&;4$5946'#44$9'6)$=[| EVBV*IBS
The Advanced Technologies (+13.7%) and Pigments & Functional
Materials (+ 3.5%) business units increased their respective sales;
" SH@HMS )"#S4& #4 -$)"#S\E-,*FR’ HS .&)H*6&54$ 5946’ #448 4H/),*$
THI;6' #7$, @#*&;,$5A$TXBT*B

V'$/,’)*&4)$),$#P+H#/) &)6,"4MS$ )"#$ 6’ /*#&AHS 6’ $4.&5H4$ 5A$)"#$ 16-48
Science business sector (+1.7%) could not compensate for the
TH HE&AHSO’ $4& H#A4S5AS)"#$,)"#*$5946' #44 $4#/),*4BS
W"#$ GR (*+&+,#' &-)./"0-
L""#SH#% &? (H#&* G+,’ $#% &)% &)-.+/0) 127 !)#&)

In the annual financial statements for 2015, a decline in net income
-,*BESTY$8&4$-,*#/&4)B

att)$ 6’/, %#$ 8&4$ %&6’ A$ 6%+&/)H#T$S5AS$ &$ TH/6' #$ 6’ $4&H4$ &’7$
higher financing costs in connection with the acquisition of Sigma-
3;7*6/"B$>A$/,’)*&4)M$+# 46,’ $#P+# 444M$8"6/"$7#/;6'#7$,86' ($),$
)"#$&++456/&)6,’$,-$)"#SH(&;;A$4)6+9;&)H#7$764/,9" )S*&)HS-,*$)"#S TH#&A-
O*# GH’ )S,-$HF 46, $4+*, @646,'4M$"&7$&$+,46)6 @HSH--H/)$, PH)$6'/, %HBS
Z@#*&;;MY'#)$6' /, #$6’ /*#&AHTS,86 ($),$"6C'H* $6? @#4) MH )$6’/, HBS
The financial resources for the company continue to be provided
SA$.#*/0$:6° &’ /6&;$C#* @ 6/#4$2% SHM$K&*%4)&7) BS

Forecast 2017
For fiscal 2017, slight increases in sales are expected for all three
5946’ #44$ 4#/),*4Q$ H#&;)"/&*#MS ME, * Wo 8’ /HS .& #6 8:4$ &’ 7$ ]6-#$
€/6# /#BS

The financing costs of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition will con-
)6’9#$),S&7 @#*4#: AS &--H/)$’#)$6’ /, SHB Sat @#*)"#:#44MF$,86' ($),$+,4 -
6)6 @#$6’ @#4) %#’ )$6’/, PSK’ 7$76 @67# 7$+&A To#’ )4$-*, %$4954676&* 6#4M$
we expect net income to increase slightly. The financial resources
-*$ )"#$ /,%+&’ A$ 86;;$ 5#$ +*, @67H#7$ SAS .#*/0$ :6’ &’/6&;$ CH#* @ 6/#4$
2%5SHM$K&*%4)&T)BS$

Currently no risks can be identified that could jeopardize the
1, )6’ 9#7$#P64)# /#$,-$.#*/0$12&3B

W/o" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

152
728 9

The internal control system for the
accounting process in accordance
with section 289 (5) of the German
Commercial Code ( HGB )

The annual financial statements of Merck KGaA are prepared by
Merck Accounting Solutions & Services Europe GmbH, Darmstadt,
an independent legal entity within the Merck Group. The financial
A)&)H DH )S-+**/#44§,-$.#°/0$12&3$64$5 &4#7$,’$)"#$8//,9’ 6’ ($+*, -
@646,’4$,-$)"#$2#* %&’ $D,% M#*/6&;$D,7#$= H2> 2$86)"$79#$/, 467#* — -
&)6,’$,-SOHAS+* /H44H#A$&’ 7$9’ 6-,* CSTH#&T 6’ #4BS!"#$, 5N#/)6 @H$,-$)"#$

6° )#*? & $/,’)*,S4A4)#%$-,*$)" ASE,’ 6’ ($+ /#44$64$),$6 M+; %# )$
controls that will provide the security needed to ensure that finan-
168 :$.4) & HH JAS S*HS +74 &*#7$ 6 $ /,%0+:68 /H$ 86)"$)"#S “HH @ &’)$
&/1,9’ 6’ ($ ;&84$ &’ 7$.4)&’ 7&* TABS I)$/, @#*4$ THAI *#4$ TH46C #7$),$
#499)" 4S), [0+ EMS), “H/)$&’ 7$)OIHAS/, @HAR’ /HS&’ TSH "HAP )& -
tion of information that is relevant for the preparation of the finan-
16.8 :$ 4) &)#%# JABS !"#$ &/I,9° 6’ ($ +* /HA4HAS &*H#S %,’6),*#7$ @6&$ &$
4)*6° (#’) $6’ HE 89,7), S4A4)#%$)" &) SH’ 49*H#4G8C//,9’ 6? ($9 * BIAS
S&AS8#;;$84$/,%o-+:68 /H$86)"$)"#S*HH@ & ’)$:#(&$*#(9;8&)6,'4B
I"#$%&()*+&+,’#' &-).7/"0-
"HSH % &? ()H#E* G+,’ $#% &) % &)-.+/0) 127! )#&)

"#$% &6’ $*9;#4$&’ 7$),,;4S94H#7$&*#$KAG-,;;,84Q

eSAccounting guidelines based on Group-wide guidelines. These
Group-wide accounting guidelines are the responsibility of Group
311,9° 6 ($&? TS FHS & @&6;&5;H#$),$ & 3: $#%+;, AHHAS,-$)"#S*HH@E&’)S
9° 6)4$@ 6&$)"#$.4*/0$6’ )*&’ #)BSK#)&6:#7$&/1,9’ )$8;3,/8.)6,'$6°4)*9/ =
6, 4S &*HS+*, @OTHTS"#HS-,*$.& 5 $% EN, *$)*&'4&/)6, 4BS!"#4#S(967H#  -
36°#4$6’/;97#MS-,* $4#P& T+ ;H#M$/#&*$*#b96*# UH’ )4$-,*$)"#$6’ @#’),*AS
@&;9&)6,’ $+" /H44S&?7$)*&’ 4-#* $4 "6/6? ($86)"6’ $6’) *&(*,9+$494+45A$
*#:&)6,’4"64+4B

e$Clearly defined segregation of tasks and assignment of respon-
4656;6)6#4$),$)"#$9’ 6)4$6’ @,; @#7$6’ $)"#$&//,9’ 6’ ($+* /HA4BS!"*,9("S
1,**#4+,’76' ($,*(&’ 6<&)6,’ &$%H#E&A49*#AM$8H#$H#? 49*#$)" &)$6'$)"#S,
&/1,9’ 6’ ($4A4)#%$T9)OHAS Sc HB 4H (*H(&)HT S$ SH) BHF $)"#$5,,06' ($
-$)*&4.&/)6,'4$ &’ 7$)"#S *#@ OH8$ &' 7S K++*, @&;$,-$)*&’4&/)6,'4B$
!"#4#$ %#8&49"H#4$ 6'/;9THS )"#$+,8#*$ ,-$7644,46)6, $&++*, @#7$5A$
)"#$_P#/9)6 @#$>,&*7$6’ $*#;&)6,’$),$&9)",*6<6'($/,”)*&/AS&’ 7H/*#76)$
notes, as well as consistently implementing a dual-control prin-
/6+;#B

eSD @,;@#%#’ )$,-SHP)H#” & SHP-HP A$ RAS’ HTH TMS-,* SHP& o+H$-,"$)"#S
@&9&)6,’$,-$+#' 46,’$,5;6(&)6,"4

e$Use of suitable, largely uniform IT finance systems and the appli-
18)6,"$,-$T#)&6;#7$&9)",*6<&)6,’$/, /#+)4$),$;6%6)$94#*$*6(")4$,"$
a need-to-have basis, taking into account principles concerning
"#S4#(*H(&)6,’$,-$79)6#4

1+" &1.)3#$4)$4.)2.4+,°&)5%,,.+/# (5%".)6

153
728 9

e$System-based IT controls as well as manual, process-integrated
1,’)* ;AM$+&*)6/9;8&*;A$86)"6' $)"#$4/,+#5,-$)"#$&//,9’ 6 ($+* /#44
e$D,’467#*&)6,’$,-$*6404$ *#/,*7#7$ &’ 7$ &44H44#7$5A$)"#$ *640$ D&’ -
agement system in the annual financial statements insofar as
)"64$64$*#b96*#7$5 ASHP64)6’ ($&//,9’)6’ ($*9;#4
!"#$ %o &’ &(#%#’ )$,-$)"#$ *H#4+#/)6 @H#$ TH+ &*) Zo’ )$64$ *#44,’465;#$-,*$
)"#$6%-+:# [oH )&)6,’$,-$)"#4#$*9 HAS &’7$9)6;6<&)6,’$,-$)"#$),,;4B
The annual financial statements of Merck KGaA are the respon-
sibility of the Chief Financial Officer, who is a member of the Exec-
9)6 @#$>,&*7$,-$.#*/0$ 12&3B$!"64$*#4+,'4656;6)A$64$;&67$7,8'$6'$)"#$
*O:H4S,-S4* /H#79*HS,-$)"#$_PH/9)6 @H$>,&*7BS
33:$)"#$4)*9/)9* HAS 8’ $+ /HASHASTHA/*65#7$&*HS49SNE/)S),$/,” -
4)&’)$ *# @6#8$ SAS 2*,9+$ J’ )#*’ &$ 3976)6’ (BS !"#$ _P#/9)6 @#$ > ,&*7$
TH#)H* [06° #4$)"#G4)*9/)O*H#AS& TS 4 HAAHAS)" 8) SS*#$), $SHSKITO)HT SO $
&’$&’9&3$&976)$+;&’ BS
W"#$*#49; 45, -$)"#4HS&976)4S&*#STHE;) $86)" S*#(9;&*; A $6’ $TOHHO (4G
,-$)"#$ _P#/9)6 @#$ >,&*7M$ )"#$ CO+#* @64,* A$ >,&*7M$ &A4$ 8#::$ &4S )"#F
:6° & ’/#$D,%%6) )##$,-$_B$.#*/0$12B
D,%56°#7$.& &(#%#’ )Sl#+,*)
138=.>;.&$)7@.&$=

13<=.>;.&$)?@.&$=

Z. $£8’ 9 &* ASTTM$ESTWMS.#*/0$8&’ 9° /#7$8$:6/ 46" ($8c(*H#%# )$86)"$

GH )HPS\" & * %&/#9)6/&:4$J’ /BMS>,4),’M$ LC3 M$=g#")#P?BSd6)"6’$)"#$
Alt $,-$)" 64S & (HIGH MS gH" )HPS$86;:$)*8& 4-#*$),$.4*/0$)"#$8,:7 -
867HS 7# @#;,+ UH )S &’ 7S /, Jo To#*/68&:6<&)6,’$ ,-$-,9*$ *#AH&*/"$ &’T$
TH@#:, +I )$ +*,(* 8S)" &)S HA HAW JS’, @H:S S++", 8/"#4$),)"4S

)*H8&) Uo )$,-$/ 8’ EBSD $*#)9® MS.*/0886;:$%80HS&’ $9+-*, )S+8A GH )S
-$LCh $EVS$%6;:6,’ $=RSETF$ %6::6,’ $5&4H7S,’$)"#SHP/" &’ (HS*&)HS,’$

£89& * ASTTMSESTW BSI’ $&776)6,’M$.#*/0$64$,5:6(&)#7$),$+8&A$* A &:)6#4$

» $-9)9*#$+*,79/)$4& #4B

Z. $:#5*98&* ASY MSESTWMS.#*/0S# )# #786"), $8&$/,”)* 81) 9 $8 ("HHGOH# )S
according to which Merck will receive a one-time payment as com-
HP A&)6,’$-,*$-9)9*#$ * A& JAS &’7$ 56/# 44S +&A Do#’ ABS 348 &$/, 4H -
quence of this agreement, in 2017 Merck will receive cash inflows
 $LCh$TEV$%6;;6,’ $=R$TTX$ %6;;6, $5&4#7$,'$)"#SHP/"&’ (#$*&)HS,’$
#5*9&*A$ YM$ ESTW2M$ 8"6/"$ 86;;$ S#S *#/,C 6<#7$ &A4$ 6'/,%#S 6'$ )"#S
H#&;)"/&*#$5946' #44 $4#/),*BS

C954#b9#?)$),$)"#$5& :&’ HEA" HH)S7&)HMS’ $-9*)"#* SH @#H )4$,-S44/68;$
6% +,*)&’ HSM 9**#7$)" &)$1,9;T$" & @H$&$Io &)#*6&;$6%+&)$,°$) "HP HS
assets, financial position or results of operations.

154
