History of the Air!Liquide Group

) HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUIDE GROUP

1902 1913

Le |

ORIGIN LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

Air!Liquide was born of innovation and an encounter between two men: The critical role played by shareholders became evident in the
Georges Claude, inventor of an industrial process for the production of rst! years of the Company s development. Listed on the Paris Stock
oxygen from liquid air, and Paul Delorme, a visionary entrepreneur. Exchange in 1913, the share celebrated its hundred-year of the listing

in 2013. Air! Liquide has endeavored to forge a strong and privileged
relationship with its shareholders based on an exceptional stock market

| 90 6 performance, with an average annual increase in its share price over the
100! years to 2013 of +11.9%.

1946

FIRST INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS

Gas by its very nature is di'cult to transport and thus local production

is required. This factor was one of the reasons Air!Liquide set its sights

internationally early on, building numerous production units abroad. P,TVING

Development was rapid in Europe (1906), Japan (1907), Canada

(1911) and the United States (1916). See A Century of International New adventures shared with Captain Cousteau led to the creation of

Development. Spirotechnique, which designs, manufactures and sells diving regulators
and other equipment used for professional and leisure diving.

A CENTURY OF INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Air!Liquide s development was rapid during the early part of the 'Xdéntury, with signi cant business growth between the two world wars. From 1945
to 1970, in an economy that was being rebuilt, the Group consolidated its positions and established itself in South America Sndth Africa (1946), then
in Australia and North Africa (1956).

In the 1970s-80s, international growth was renewed with a major acquisition: Big Three in the United States in 1986. At theoéiHe 1980s, taking
advantage of its long-time presence in Japan, Air!Liquide set its sights on other Asian countries and played its part in theetlepment of the Electronics
market. The Group invested massively in China in the early 2000s; the country is a major growth market for industrial gases Arid!Liquide entered into
numerous air gas contracts.

In the 1990s, the Group began to develop in Central Europe. During a second phase, in the 2000s, it made inroads further easRussia, Ukraine and
Turkey, winning Large Industries contracts. The Middle East also became a new investment priority.

In the 2000s, there was a second major acquisition: certain businesses of Messer Griesheim in Germany, the United Kingdom arht United States. In
2007, the Group purchased minority interests in its joint ventures in Japan and Southeast Asia.

Today, Air!Liquide continues to pursue its strategy of expanding its global presence, convinced that the geographical diversity] guarantee resilience
and future growth. As a result, the Group is continuously strengthening its historical positions in the major economies worldwid relentlessly
seeking footholds in new markets.

Air!Liquide is now present in 80!countries, its global dimension being a fundamental component of its identity.

AIR LIQUIDE
1952

THE CRYOGENIC REVOLUTION

Storing gas in liquid form in cryogenic tanks allows vast quantities
to be transported by road or rail within a radius of approximately
200-250!km from the production site. In 1954, the rst liquid oxygen
plant was launched in the North of France.

1960

PIPELINE NETWORK STRATEGY

By delivering gas to several customers through pipelines, Air! Liquide
adopted a network strategy for the rst time, linking its gas production

units through a pipeline network. The Group multiplied production
rstly, for

oxygen in the steel industry, and secondly, for nitrogen in chemicals.

capacity to meet soaring demand from large industries:

The Large Industries business was launched with customers committing

to long-term contracts of 15! years or more. The Group currently
manages more than 9,300!km (_ 5,800!miles) of pipelines worldwide, in
particular in the US along the Gulf Coast of Mexico, in Northern Europe,
in the Ruhr valley in Germany and in several Asian countries.

1962

SPACE INDUSTRY

Convinced of the industrial potential of cryogenics, Jean Delorme,
Chairman! & CEO of Air! Liquide, decided to create a research center
near Grenoble dedicated to these technologies. The rst applications
were rapidly integrated in the space industry. Air! Liquide has been a
partner of the space adventure and the Ariane program for 60! years.
The Groups contribution has been as much in the production of the
uids essential for launch (oxygen, hydrogen, helium and nitrogen) and
the supply of associated services, as in the design and production of the
tanks and cryogenic equipment of the launchers.

History of the Air!Liquide Group

1970

A TRADITION OF INVENTIONS

The Claude-Delorme Research Center, located in the Paris-Saclay
innovation Cluster and now called the Paris-Saclay Research
Center, was created to enhance gas production techniques and
their applications (combustion, welding, metalworking, chemicals,
electronics, food, respiratory functions, and environmental treatment). It
is evidence of the Groups desire to inherently understand the industrial
processes of its customers and develop new gas applications to better
satisfy their requirements (in terms of quality, productivity and the
environment). The Center also develops partnerships with universities
and industrial companies. The Group currently has nine research
centers around the world.

1976

A TECHNOLOGICAL BREAKTHROUGH

With the Sasol project in South Africa, transforming coal into synthetic
fuel, air separation units (ASUs) have scaled up, dramatically increasing
in size. Following this technological breakthrough, Air! Liquide became
the leader in large ASUs, and remains so today.

1985

A NEW MARKET: ELECTRONICS

In Japan, the Group began to supply ultra-high purity gases to the
semiconductor industry: this involves carrier gases, mainly nitrogen,
used to transport the specialty gases and keep the chip production tools
inert, and specialty gases that are used directly in the manufacturing of
semiconductors. In 1987, Air!Liquide inaugurated the Tsukuba Research
Center in Japan, which is dedicated to the electronics industry.

AIR LIQUIDE
History of the Air!Liquide Group

1995

EXTENDED OFFERING: HYDROGEN AND STEAM

In addition to oxygen and nitrogen, as part of its commitment to
protecting the environment and promoting energy e" ciency, Air!Liquide
extended its o#ering to hydrogen and steam. To ensure the success
of this new o#ering, the Group has used the business model, which is
behind the success of its air gas activity, deploying from the beginning
a basin strategy based on a pipeline network, providing customers with
exibility, distribution reliability and service quality at the best price.

PROTECTING LIFE

Originally an oxygen supplier to hospitals, Air! Liquide has become
a specialist in the healthcare sector. The Group launched its Home
Healthcare activity and set up a dedicated network of specialist
teams. Medical gases were progressively classi ed as drugs and
manufacturers were required to le market authorizations. The
Group also developed in the hygiene sector, an activity that naturally
complemented the hospital services. Most recently, Air! Liquide
launched signi cant research programs in therapeutic gases, used for
anesthesia, resuscitation, and pain relief.

2007

ORGANIZATION BY BUSINESS LINE

The Air! Liquide growth drivers for the coming decades are solid
and sustainable, based on changing lifestyles: industrial growth of
developing economies, increasing energy needs and environmental
challenges, healthcare and high technology. To capture this growth,
the Group created a new organizational structure based on four
World Business Lines. They combine the technical,
operational expertise which are speci c to each of the businesses

of the Group! — Large Industries, Industrial Merchant, Healthcare and
Electronics! — and centralize the speci c market expertise. The Group

nancial and

remains geographically focused, but each zone or country bene ts
from the support and experience of the business lines to accelerate its
development.

Conscious of the strategic dimension of engineering and construction
capabilities, the Group acquired Lurgi in 2007. This company provides
Air! Liquide with major proprietary technologies such as hydrogen
and carbon monoxide production units, or processes relating to
the gasi cation or CO, puri cation, adding to the Groups historical
competencies in cryogenics. Thanks to this acquisition, the Group
now has a complete technological o#ering and a greater engineering
capacity.

AIR LIQUIDE

2009

RESILIENCE IN AN UNPRECEDENTED CRISIS

A#ected by a crisis of unprecedented magnitude, the Group focused its
e#orts on the management of its cash, costs, and investments (capital
expenditures). Having tested the solidity of its long-term contracts,
Air! Liquide con rmed its resilience and demonstrated the relevance of
its business model. In a context of global recession, the Group shows
itself to be an exception, posting a stable net pro t while preserving the
strength of its balance sheet.

2010-2012

NEW TERRITORIES, NEW ACQUISITIONS

The Group accelerated its presence in new territories, including
Turkey, Ukraine and Mexico, and strengthened its presence in China.
These developments contributed to the increase, in eight! years, of the
developing economies share of Gas! & Services revenue from 15% to
24% in 2016.

In a weaker growth environment in the advanced economies, and
particularly in Western Europe, Air!Liquide intensi ed its acquisitions. At
the end of 2012, two major home healthcare players joined the Group:
LVL M dical in France and Gasmedi in Spain. Other acquisitions were
completed in 2013 to strengthen the Groups positions in Healthcare in
Poland, Scandinavia and Canada and in Industrial Merchant in Brazil,
Russia, the Middle East and China.

2013-2015

NEW INITIATIVES IN THE INNOVATION FIELD —
HYDROGEN ENERGY

Innovation is central to Air! Liquides strategy. In 2013 Air! Liquide
launched two initiatives to promote open innovation: i-Lab, innovation
Lab, and ALIAD, the Groups capital investment subsidiary to make
minority investments in innovative technology start-ups. In 2014, the
Group decides on new investments with the modernization of the Paris-
Saclay Research Center, the creation of a center for the development

of gas cylinders for industry and healthcare, and the launch of a
technical center of excellence for cryogenic production technologies.

In 2015, Air!Liquide inaugurated Cryocajn France, a unique industrial
installation that enables the capture of CQ released during hydrogen
production via a cryogenic process. After being puri ed, the captured
CO, can be used to meet a variety of industrial needs for carbonic gas

supply.

In addition, on a worldwide scale, Air! Liquide actively contributes to
the development of the hydrogen energy activity by accompanying
automotive manufacturers launching fuel cell electric vehicles on the
market. Air! Liquide has stepped up the construction of hydrogen-
charging stations (United States, Japan, France, Germany, Belgium,
Denmark and the Netherlands), the majority of which are accessible to
the general public.

2016

AIRGAS ACQUISITION BY AIR LIQUIDE

On May! 23, 2016, Air! Liquide announced that it had completed
the acquisition of the American company Airgas. The combined
businesses worldwide will generate annual sales of more than

20!billion!euros.

STRATEGIC RATIONALE
Combining Air! Liquide and Airgas brings together two highly

complementary businesses to deliver greater value, service and
innovation to customers in North America and around the world.

Air Liquide

Falplent

History of the Air!Liquide Group

In the U.S., Air!Liquide s presence was primarily upstream with production
both in Large Industries (over 23,000 ton per day of oxygen production
capacity, over 2,200! miles!/ 3,500! kilometers of pipelines, principally
along the Gulf Coast), in Industrial Merchant in bulk, as well as coverage
in Electronics and in Healthcare (medical gas to hospitals only, no Home
Healthcare) business lines. Although Air!Liquides sales focus on direct
supply and services to large and medium-size customers, Airgas was
primarily focused on downstream distribution with 300! Il plants, and
direct delivery of packaged gas and hardgoods through 900!branches!/
retail stores, telesales, e-commerce, or next-day direct deliveries from
national warehouses.

Combining the upstream and downstream coverage, Air! Liquide and
Airgas together o#er a complete market coverage and o#ering to
customers.

This integration of the full supply chain thus allows the generation
of synergies and improve customer service overall. The combined
company sales will be around 8!billion US dollars in the U.S.

The combination builds on Air! Liquide s longstanding track record of
successfully operating in the U.S. and will bene t from Airgas large
national presence and its more than one! million customers in the
U.S., as well as from its leading customer-facing platform including
e-commerce and telesales capabilities. The combined entity is able
to better serve customers with the most advanced multi-channel
distribution networks in the U.S. and more competitive product
o#erings with an integrated upstream-downstream model as shown

in the illustration below.

Uquid bulk

Fill plent

Fillplane

Uirectdelivery Retsil Telessies e-commerce

AIR LIQUIDE
History of the Air!Liquide Group

The Group will continue to implement an innovation strategy which
combines scientic expertise, industry leading technology and
customer insight to bring new products and services to market. This
strategy will also permit the improvement of the existing e#ings and
open new markets, in particular by leveraging digital technologies.

By combining the innovation capabilities of both Air!Liquide and Airgas,
the integrated distribution channels and the leading global customer
base, the resulting company allows for a unique platform to deliver
signi cant mid-term growth.

BRINGING ADDITIONAL VALUE

Air! Liquides acquisition of Airgas represents signi cant value for
shareholders.

Air!Liquide has a proven track record of executing and integrating large
acquisitions with a long history of successful acquisitions: for instance,
Big Three in the U.S., Messer and Lurgi in Germany.

Air! Liquide plans to realize more than 300! million US dollars of pre-tax
cost, e" ciency and volume synergies: cost and e"ciency synergies by
the end of 2018, volume synergies by the end of 2020.

The e" ciency and cost synergies, coming from sourcing optimization,
better loading of Air!Liquide and Airgas sources, distribution eféncies
and reorganizations, will represent above 70% of the total amount. The
volume growth synergies are found in cross—selling efs between the
two di#erent customer bases and the di#erent gas and services o#ers,
allowing extension of the overall customer reach. These volume growth
synergies are also found in the roll-out of Air!Liquide s current innovative
o#ers through the various Airgas distribution channels. The full amount
should be realized over the next four!years, representing approximately
30% of the total amount of synergies.

Air! Liquide believes that the combined company will create additional
value over time with the use of the Airgas distribution platform and the
deployment of the advanced technologies of Air! Liquide, including
connected cylinders as well as hydrogen energy, and through the
replication of the Airgas o#ring in other countries. These additional
strategic synergies are not included in the announced 300! million US
dollars.

IDEALLY POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE

This operation is a game-changing acquisition. It gives Air! Liquide a
greater presence in the U.S. market and will ideally position Air! Liquide
for future growth. In addition, there is potential for further growth
using Airgas footprint to accelerate the deployment of Air! Liquide s

technologies in the U.S. market.

AIR LIQUIDE

The USS. is an attractive gas market as it is the largest industrial gas
market worldwide and has been the fastest growing market among
advanced economies. It is expected to deliver 20 to 25% of global
worldwide industrial gas market mid-term growth. These key factors are
supported by the structural strengths of the U.S. economy over the long-
term with competitive natural gas feedstock and energy prices driving
investment and manufacturing. The rising environmental awareness,
strong societal drivers such as healthcare and the aging population, in
addition to the importance of high-tech and innovative environment, the
U.S. market is a key market of overall global growth and innovation.

Approximately half of the U.S. packaged gas market is composed of
independent producers. This current fragmentation of the U.S. market
provides further opportunities to continue to boost growth as both
Airgas and Air! Liquide have signi cant experience in integrating small
companies.

The acquisition allows deployment of Air! Liquide s Industrial Merchant
innovation in the U.S. and replication of the successful Airgas products
and business model outside the U.S.

The combined strengths of the two companies o#er potential for the
development of innovative and digital o@rs bringing value and new
services to packaged gas customers worldwide.

As a conclusion, Air! Liquide strongly believes that this transaction
allows the creation of a unique business combination in North America,
signi cantly strengthening its ability to grow in this region and beyond.

THE LAUNCH OF THE NEW CORPORATE
PROGRAM 2016-2020: NEOS

The Group acquires a new dimension following the acquisition of
Airgas and thus enters a new phase of its development. On July!6, 2016,
Air! Liquide publishes its new company program, NEOS, for the period
2016-2020.

Air!Liquide s strategy for pro table growth over the long term is that of a
customer-centric transformation. It is based on operational excellence
and the quality of its investments, on open innovation and the network
organization already implemented by the Group worldwide. Air!Liquide s
ambition is to lead its industry, deliver long-term performance and
contribute to sustainability.
Activities and risk factors

) ACTIVITIES AND RISK FACTORS

Activities

The Group classi es its activities as follows: Gas!& Services, Engineering!& Construction, Global Markets!& Technologies.

Additional information is available in the 2016 Performance section of this report.

2016 GROUP REVENUE
Global Markets & Technologies Gas & Services
2% 96%
Engineering & Construction
2%
Electronics
Large Industries
18,135
Healthcare million euros
17%
Industrial Merchant
42%
GAS & SERVICES ! Industrial Merchant

The supply of gas involves local production in order to limit transport
costs. Therefore, Air! Liquide gas production units are located
throughout the world and can supply several types of customers
and industries, with the relevant volumes and services required. The
operational management of the Gas!& Services activity is organized into
four geographic regions (Europe, Americas, Asia! Paci c and Middle-
East! & Africa) and is led by the World Business Lines to better adapt to
changes in the di#erent markets:

! Large Industries supply industrial gases by operating major
production units. It serves customers in the metals, chemicals,
re ning and energy industries with high gas consumption, requiring
delivery through a dedicated plant or pipeline. Large Industries also
supply the Group s other business lines;

supplies a wide range of di#rent gases,
application equipment and associated services. It serves industries

of all sizes that require quantities smaller than those for customers
of Large Industries. The product is either distributed in bulk, in liquid
form, for medium and large quantities, or in cylinders, in gaseous
form, for small quantities.;

! Healthcare
devices and services to hospitals and patients in their homes. It also
produces and distributes healthcare specialty ingredients for the
cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets;

supplies medical gases, hygiene products, medical

! Electronics supply gas and services for the production of
semiconductors, at panels and photovoltaic panels.

Depending on their end use, gases are distributed in di#rent states
and using various means: in gaseous form through a pipeline network,
in liquid form in cryogenic trailers, and in gaseous form in high-pressure
cylinders for small quantity orders or specialty gases. The Gas! &
Services activity represents 96% of the Group s total revenue.

| AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

RGE INDUSTRIES

The Large Industries business line proposes gas and energy solutions to 2016 LARGE INDUSTRIES REVENUE BY ACTIVITY
customers in the metals, chemicals, re ning and energy industries, which

are essential for their own industrial production, to improve process other
e" ciency and to make their plants more environmentally friendly. ° .
Cogeneration

in thi ir! Liqui i in-
The world leader in this sector, Air! Liquide bene ts from dedicated in steam and electricit

house development and engineering teams, di#erentiating proprietary 11%
technologies and rigorous processes for selecting investments and
carrying out projects, which often include pipeline networks, reaching Hydrogen
- and Carbon 5.037*
from tens to over several hundreds of kilometers. . 5
monoxide million euros
33%

* 29% of Gas!& Services revenue.

LARGE INDUSTRIES PROCESSES

Separation of air gases (ASU: Air Separation Unit)

An ASU compresses, lique es and distills air in order to separate it into its elidéht components: 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and 1% argon and
rare gases (neon, krypton and xenon). Only certain large ASUs can produce rare gases. Electricity consumption is signi cant.

AIR GASES PRODUCTION

SIMPLIFIED DIAGRAM OF AN AIR SEPARATION UNIT S OPERATION

1 2 3 +

COMPRESSION PURIFICATION DISTILLATION

COOLING

Non-cryogenic process

Cryogenic cooling

t 1% rare gases H | Merchant bulk distribution or cylinder Iling units.

(argon, neon, krypton, xenon) H

>—___~< S
i i Gaseous
Air, : H >—____< rare gases
Y PME >—__ Gaseous Iadesties
WWW Y eodacacceeoeseoeee) Puri ed >—__~< ee client
: Pett e ee H Gaseous
Y seeeecetatetetes ‘ld, <
AVANIVAVAVAVAUVAVAVAUATAVAY GZ - Ecocagagnengngge oxygen _)
Y Compressed air Pees H
WWW Y Reece etches ae i] | »———_~«
Z erececececece ee EE ! oS
GY attain i joni >—____ Liquid Storage
WWW J } Giststettctatstctt ma Liqui ed rare gases | Qtr 2
Resteeeees H : >—_____«
: H air Liquid A
Compressor H H - >—__—___4 nitvogen Industrial
H H Liquid Merchant
Filter H H : oxygen _J market
i t >—_—_4
i \ Very low temperature |
i Exchanger ' oo
H H H Distillation columns
The air comprises: i Elimination of water and impure H A part of the product in the4 —" stage i The molecules are delivered directly to the Large
t 78% nitrogen ! molecules (CO 2 ) to avoid ice ! is reused to cool the air | Industries clients through the pipelines or into
t 21% oxygen ; formation during cooling. | in the exchanger. | the storage tanks to supply the Industrial

| AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production unit (SMR: Steam Methane Reformer)

By steam reforming natural gas, an SMR produces hydrogen and carbon monoxide. The most signi cant raw material is natural gadectricity and
water consumption is modest.

HYDROGEN PRODUCTION

SIMPLIFIED DIAGRAM OF AN HYDROGEN UNIT S OPERATION

Sulfur removal
and pre-reforming

Synthesis
Gas Production

Puri cation

Shift reaction

Natural gas
SMR Shift reactor
(Steam Methane Reformer)
Hydrogen
—— > for Large Industries
customers
Catal yst Off-gas sent back
to the burners
Steam
Natural gas, composed mainly of methane Natural gas and steam react inside a he syngas reacts with the steam to Hydrogen is puried and delivered to
(CH,), contains heavier hydrocarbon | furnace within catalyst Iled tubes. roduce additional hydrogen. As it exits customers. Other gas components, called
molecules and quantities of sulfur, Synthesis gas (syngas), composed mainly he reactor, the syngas is mainly off-gases, are sent to the furnaces
requiring removal. of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, is omposed of hydrogen and carbon burners (see section 2 — Synthesis Gas
produced. oxide. Production).
HOT SECTION COLD SECTION
Cogeneration

Cogeneration consists of simultaneously and e" ciently producing electricity and steam generally by consuming natural gas and water. The
electricity is used by the plant or supplied to the local network while the steam is required for certain industrial processes.

This business line provides oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen
and carbon monoxide through a network of plants and pipelines.
At December! 31, 2016, there were around the world: 365! large Air
Separation Units (ASUs), 50! Steam Methane Reformers (SMRs)
producing hydrogen and carbon monoxide and 18!cogeneration plants
supplying customers with steam and electricity.

In themetals industry, oxygen is used in steel production to improve
energy performance and reduce emissions. The majority of new
projects are currently located in developing economies.

The chemicals industry uses mainly oxygen, hydrogen and carbon
monoxide in its manufacturing processes, as well as nitrogen for the

inerting of its installations.

The re ning industry requires hydrogen to desulfurize fuels and break
up heavy hydrocarbons. The demand for hydrogen is growing due to
the combination of increasingly stringent emissions legislation and use
of heavier hydrocarbons.

Numerous industries linked tenergy orchemicals use large quantities
of oxygen to transform coal, natural gas and syngas hydrocarbons
for the production of chemical products, synfuel or electricity. To
meet customer requirements, the supply of large quantities of gas is
critical. Air! Liquide supplies its customers directly by pipelines from a
dedicated plant or di#erent plants linked by a network. Air! Liquide has
built its own pipeline networks progressively over the last 40! years.
With a total length of more than 9,300!kilometers ($!5,800!miles), these
networks stretch, for example, across Northern Europe, from Rotterdam
through to Dunkirk, and along the Gulf Coast in the United States from
Lake Charles (Louisiana) to Corpus Christi (Texas). Many other mid-
sized local networks have also been built in other signi cant and fast-
developing industrial basins in Germany, Italy, Singapore and, more
recently, China.

The use of industrial gases is critical for these various industrial
processes. As any discontinuity in the supply necessitates a
stoppage! of the customer s production operations, supply reliability is
crucial. However, although vital, gas supply generally represents a very
small part of total production cost for the customer.

AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

The raw materials necessary for the production of industrial gases vary
according to the type of unit and the region. The production of oxygen
and nitrogen requires air and a large quantity of electricity. Hydrogen
and carbon monoxide production units mainly consume natural gas and
little electricity. Cogeneration units consume natural gas and water. The
energy and capital intensity of these industrial processes is generally
high.

The supply of gas is generally contracted for 15!years. For certain speci c
projects this can be extended to 20! years and beyond. The signing of
new contracts for new industrial customers sites is a strong predictor of
future growth. Within these contracts, the Group guarantees long-term
service continuity and a high level of reliability with respect to the gas
supply via a high-performing industrial solution. In return, the contracts
include the indexation of input costs, mainly electricity and natural gas,
and guaranteed minimum volumes through take-or-pay clauses.

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT

The Industrial Merchant business line serves a wide range of markets
and customers! — craftsmen, SMEs, large multinational industrial
groups!— oéring comprehensive gas solutions for the implementation
and optimization of their industrial processes. Supported by a global
network of business experts and extensive geographical coverage,
Air! Liquide provides more than two! millions of its customers with
innovative solutions including industrial gases, application equipment
and related services.

2016 INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT REVENUE
BY END-MARKET

Technology
and Research

10%

. Materials
Craftsmen

and Network

7,565*

million euros

Food and
Pharmaceuticals
Automotive
and Manufacturing
35%

* 44% of Gas!& Services revenue.

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT KEY FIGURES

| ~!24!millions cylinders

! ~!13,000 trucks

! ~!61,000 tanks at customers
! >!1,000 on-site units

! ~!37,000 employees

! ~!1,000 stores

| AIR LIQUIDE

The Large Industries
contracts, where costs are indexed, in particular, to energy
costs. These contracts, which include take-or-pay clauses, 0" er
considerable visibility of future revenue and protection in the
event of asigni cant fall in customer volume consumption (below
the minimum take-or-pay level). The long investment cycle and
high capital intensity require a solid balance sheet. The signing of
new contracts is a strong predictor of future growth.

business line operates under long-term

Air! Liquide is developing a network strategy in the industrial
basins in order to provide customers with greater supply reliability
while optimizing operating costs.

The Industrial Merchant activity serves ve primary markets:

! Materials and Energy: Customers in this market use a wide range
of di#erent gases. Oxygen is used to reduce energy consumption in
glass and metal manufacturing processes and to treat wastewater.
Nitrogen is used to create inert atmospheres for the conservation of
oxygen-sensitive products. Carbon dioxide is used in drinking water
treatment, helium for professional diving and magnetic resonance
imaging. Nitrogen and carbon dioxide can be used for the enhanced
recovery of oil and gas and, in certain cases, the reduction of water
and solvent consumption.

Zoom on the glass industry: in all areas of glass, customers use
oxygen to facilitate the melting of raw materials, to reduce fossil fuels
and to reduce their emissions of pollutants such as nitrogen oxide. For
plate glass manufacturing for construction and automotive industries,
glassmaker customers also use nitrogen and hydrogen to improve the
quality and transparency of their products, while for container glass
used in packaging (bottles, asks, etc.) or for tableware, customers
use oxygen to eliminate manufacturing defects and obtain a quality
appearance. These manufacturers receive delivery either by truck, in the
form of cryogenic liquid, or by small generators of on-site gas production
(on-site units) for larger furnaces. Air! Liquide provides the storage
and accessories for measuring and controlling of gas ow as well as
combustion technologies, such as burners designed by its engineers, to
maximize the performance and e" ciency of melting furnaces.

! Automotive and Manufacturing : Argon and argon mixtures are
used for metal parts welding in manufacturing industries, hydrogen
and nitrogen for thermal treatment, specialty gases for waste gas
analysis, helium for airbags, and rare gases (krypton, xenon) for
lighthouses and thermal insulation. Oxygen and acetylene are used
in metal heating and cutting operations. Air!Liquide therefore enables
customers to produce high quality products, while improving their
manufacturing processes and preserving their working environment.
Zoom on manufacturing: many operations in manufacturing
involve cutting, welding or heat treatment of metal parts. Industrial
gases play an essential role in improving site productivity while
ensuring the quality of the manufacturing. They are supplied in
gaseous form at high pressure, with cylinders often equipped with
innovative integrated trigger valves, or in liquid form for the larger
production sites. The Air! Liquide experts accompany our customers
in proposing the most adapted gas solutions to their processes
and speci c needs. Argon, carbon dioxide or helium are essential
molecules to ensure the quality of arc welding, oxygen and acetylene
are used for metal cutting, nitrogen or oxygen for laser cutting; argon
or nitrogen for new 3D printing processes while nitrogen or hydrogen
are essential for physicochemical treatments such as annealing,
carburizing or tempering, making it possible to achieve the nal
mechanical properties. Air! Liquide installs storage or panoplies of
packaged gas at client sites as well as the associated equipment to
control of the relative processes, including devices for measuring and
controlling the atmosphere of heat treatment furnaces.

eee eee rere neers

! Food and Pharmaceuticals: The Groups technologies
help increase shelf-life and improve food and pharmaceutical
manufacturing and cooling processes. The three major activities
in this market are the supply of carbon dioxide for beverages, gas
mixtures for modified atmosphere packaging, and nitrogen for
food or for freezing of food. Air! Liquide ensures these products
comply with prevailing market regulations and in particular the
complete traceability of its gases.

Zoom on food freezing: — cryogenics allows food temperatures to
drop very quickly, avoiding surface dehydration and the formation
of large ice crystals in the product. This process makes it possible
to preserve all the taste properties of frozen foods. Air! Liquide
provides and guarantees customers as to the quality and food safety
of the nitrogen or liquid carbon dioxide required for deep freezing
in accordance with the regulatory traceability specifications.
Air! Liquide also provides agri-business with deep-freezing tunnels
or cabinets as developed by its engineers, thus enabling them
to process their production directly while guaranteeing the best
conditions of hygiene, quality, productivity and efficiency. Air!Liquide
ensures the adjustment and maintenance of this equipment and
provides customers with the expertise needed to integrate and use
its deep-freezing equipment along their production line.
ee errr eee ees

Activities and risk factors

! Technology and Research:
assembly and encapsulation of electronic components
optoelectronics processes! — particularly LED manufacturing and
optic ber and silicon cylinder drawing. Specialty gases required,
in particular, for the calibration of analysis instruments are widely
used in research centers and analytical laboratories. Speci c, highly
technical gases and equipment have been developed for these
various applications.

Industrial gases are used in the
in

Zoom on optoelectronics: the production of an optical fiber
initially requires the production of a silica bar called a preform. This
preform is consolidated with hydrogen, oxygen and helium, then
melted in an oven and stretched into an optical fiber at a speed
of 1,500 to 2,000 meters per minute. The stretched fiber is then
cooled with helium. Air! Liquide assists optical fiber manufacturers
by supplying these high purity gases. Moreover, the base material
used by the white and blue LEDs requires a nitrogen atom. For
this process, UHP (ultra-high purity) ammonia is injected during
the deposition phase. Liquid at room temperature, the ammonia
must be heated to take on its gaseous form. Our induction heating
solution, which evaporates UHP ammonia more efficiently, allows
our customers to use large volumes of this gas. Air!Liquide proposes
all of the gases intended for the manufacture of LEDs, including
equipment and installation facilities.
eee e renee eee eee

! Craftsmen and Network: A wide range of gases are ofred for
use in plumbing, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, industrial
maintenance and auto repair activities, mostly for welding. These
gases are often sold in special-purpose packaging! — cylinders in
compressed gaseous form, tailored to customer usage requirements.
Across a number of countries, notably in North America, Air! Liquide
also o#ers a complete range of welding equipment (Radnor, Red-
D-Arc), wires and units, as well as all personal protective equipment
required in order to be able to work safely, enabling customers,
craftsmen and contractors to nd quickly and in the same place all
the elements they need to carry out their welding activities.

Industrial Merchant sells packaged gases (high pressure gas cylinders)
though multiple channels to cover all customer needs: over the phone,
e-commerce and/or via its distribution network, to o#r a one-stop gas/
equipment shopping experience, or directly delivered to the customer s
doors with optimized inventory management based on tracking of on
cylinders, and customer process expertise.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

GAS SUPPLY MODES

om @.

Services & Others
15%

Packaged Gases
25%

Equipment
& Installation Specialty Gases
21% J Helium, CO2,..)
9%
Bulk Gases
26%
On-site “
4%

The distribution remains traditionally local with transport distances
rarely exceeding a radius of 200 to 250! kilometers around the
production site. To ensure this local presence, the Industrial Merchant
business relies mainly on the gas production capacity of Large
Industries and thereafter develops its own distribution logistics.

! For customers consuming industrial gases in small quantities, the
gases are distributed in cylinders. From an operational point of view,
the majority of gases is produced by Large Industries and then
delivered to Industrial Merchant packaging plants. These gases
are stored and then, after evaporation, transferred in cylinders of
di#erent capacities (typically 5 to 50! liters); they can possibly be
mixed together to create new product references. A eet of trucks

AIR LIQUIDE

designed to transport these cylinders is then used to deliver the
packaged gas to customers or to distributors or stores. In the latter
cases, customers, especially craftsmen and contractors, can come
themselves to pick up cylinders they need for their business.

! For customers consuming industrial gases in greater quantities,
gases in liquid form are supplied by Large Industries plants (oxygen,
nitrogen, argon, hydrogen). They are directly distributed by the
Industrial Merchant trucks to bulk customers or to customers with
small on-site plants where storage or reserve tanks have been
installed beforehand. Bulk customers consume the gas directly
in liquid form (for example, in agri-business) or after evaporation
through dedicated equipment (exchangers), which are also installed
and maintained by Air!Liquide.

At the point of use of gases at the customer sites, Air! Liquide installs
all equipment required for the proper use of gases, such as pressure
regulators, instruments for measuring and controlling ows, mixing
gases or the injection of gas into the manufacturing process. Air!Liquide
ensures the reliability of the gas supply and guarantees the quality of the
materials used (storage tanks and cylinders). The gas equipment and
applications are investments made by Air!Liquide, who also covers their
maintenance.

The Industrial Merchant activity is characterized by a wide range
of customers, markets, applications, and solutions and services.
The contract terms can be up to velyears for cylinders and liquid
gas supply and up to 15! years for small on-site gas generators.
Revenue comes from the sale of gas and related services.

It is an expert service business with a high technology and
innovation content, extremely local, with dense geographic
coverage as a key factor. Competition can vary between areas.

Innovation with regards to markets, products and applications is
a major growth driver. Business growth is generally dependent on
local industrial production growth.
HEALTHCARE

The Healthcare business line provides gases, services, medical devices,
equipment and hygiene products to more than 15,000! hospitals and
clinics and 1.4!million homecare patients around the world. The business
line includes the Specialty Ingredients activities of its subsidia&¥PPIC,
serving the cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets.

Air! Liquide is one of the world leaders in this business sector, which
is subject to both stringent regulatory requirements relating to the
drug designation status of several of its gases as well as to multiple
stakeholders (patients, doctors and payers). The geographic
breakdown of the Medical Gases activity, segment corresponds to
that of the Industrial Merchant activity; this has been reinforced with the
acquisition of Airgas in the U.S. Home Healthcare business, Hygiene,
and Specialty Ingredients segments are more focused on Europe. As a
result, almost 75% of the Healthcare business lines sales are in Europe
and almost 20% in the Americas.

2016 HEALTHCARE REVENUE BY ACTIVITY

Specialty ingredients
9%

Hygiene

10% Home Healthcare

49%

3,111*

million euros

Medical gases
32%

* — 18% of Gas!& Services revenue.

In hospitals and in clinics, Air! Liquide provides medical gases, such as
oxygen and nitrous oxide, for operating theaters, intensive care units,
emergency care and, more generally, medical wards.

The Group also innovates and develops therapeutic gases used
particularly for resuscitation in cases of acute pulmonary arterial
hypertension (Kinox), and pain relief (Kalinox Several therapeutic
gases remain in the research and development phase, and the Group is
in the process of extending its existing market authorizations.

With its subsidiary Sch lke, Air! Liquide also supplies hospitals and
clinics with a large range of medical hygiene products (for hands,
skin, instruments, surfaces,! etc.) to combat, in particular, hospital
acquired infections. In this way, Air!Liquide contributes to patient safety,
particularly in operating theaters and intensive care units. Some hygiene
products are also supplied to manufacturers, whose processes require
impeccable cleanliness.

Activities and risk factors

In Home Healthcare, Air! Liquide has extended its services beyond
oxygen therapy. The Group looks after more than 1.4! million patients
at home su#ering, particularly, from chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease, sleep apnea, diabetes, or Parkinsons disease by providing
them with long-term medico-technical services and follow-up care.
Through close monitoring of patient prescriptions and by enhancing
patient observance of treatments, Air! Liquide, a Home Healthcare
provider, has become a key player in patient/doctor/payer relations and
contributes to improving patient health and quality of life on a daily basis,
as well as enhancing e" ciency of health systems.

The Healthcare activity has been growing worldwide, partially through
the implementation of healthcare infrastructures and systems in many
developing economies. The Home Healthcare activity, which allows
a patient with a chronic disease to stay at home, is developing due to
a high prevalence of chronic diseases and an aging population. This
activity also helps to meet the growing constraints on health spending
in developed countries.

Through its subsidiary SEPPIC, Air! Liquide produces and markets
specialty ingredients such as excipients and active ingredients

for cosmetology, adjuvants for vaccines, Im-coating systems for

medication, !etc.

Over the last 20!years, Air!Liquide has developed as a leading healthcare
player in Europe (France, Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom,
Scandinavia, Spain, and the Netherlands), Canada and Australia. In
addition, the Group has businesses in the United States (medical
gases only), South America, Africa and Japan with recent expansion to
Eastern Europe, South Korea and China as the local healthcare systems
develop.

g@—__—

The Healthcare business line produces and distributes medical
gases for hospitals and provides healthcare services for caring

for patients at home. It operates in a strict regulatory framework.
Density, quality of support services and e# — ciency are essential
to provide resistance to pricing pressures of healthcare systems,
particularly in advanced economies.

Air!Liquide is present along the continuum of care: from treatment
iseases (with medical gases in hospitals), to treatment
of chronic diseases at home (with Home Healthcare), and
prevention and well-being (with the activities in Hygiene and
Healthcare Specialty Ingredients).

of acute

With aging populations and the escalating need for care due to the
increase in chronic diseases, as well as the continuing expansion
of healthcare systems in developing economies, the Healthcare

activity represents a solid growth driver for the Group.
eee

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

ELECTRONICS

Air! Liquide serves major manufacturers of semiconductors, at panel

displays and solar cells, leveraging its expertise, global infrastructure

and strategic proximity to manufacturers worldwide. Its innovative
Electronic Materials respond to increasingly challenging customer
demands for improved mobility, connectivity, computing power and
energy consumption. The Group o#ers include ultra-pure carrier gases,

a wide range of Electronics Specialty Materials (ESM) and Advanced

Materials (AM), enabling equipment for safe distribution, puri cation

and on-line purity control. The most sophisticated of these materials
are essential for the continuous miniaturization of the new microchips.
On site, manufacturers can rely on the Groups expertise in the total
management of these uids and equipment as well as on its cutting-

edge analytical services used to improve continuously their production
processes.

2016 ELECTRONICS REVENUE BY PRODUCT

Equipment
and Installation
17%

. Carrier Gases
Services

10%

1,618*

million euros

Advanced
Materials
16%

Specialty Electronic
Materials Materials
19% 35%

* 99% of Gas!& Services revenue.

The Electronics business line supplies customers with carrier gases

(primarily ultra-pure nitrogen) from on-site facilities for the transport

of molecules, inerting and protection of electronic systems, as well as
purging of manufacturing tools. The need for a regular and constant
supply of carrier gases requires long-term commitments from

customers with the building of production units near their premises or

even on the customer s site.

1 AIR LIQUIDE

The Group also provides materials for electronics such as Electronics
Specialty Materials and Advanced Materials used in semiconductor, at
panel and solar cell manufacturing. The acquisition of Voltaix in 2013 has
extended the Groups range of Advanced Materials. Within this range,
grouped under the ALAM name, the Group develops and markets
o#ers with strong added value to its o#r, including ALOHA“ and Voltaix.
It strengthens its relationships with key customers and creates new
synergies in the research and industrialization of Advanced Materials.

The Electronics business line also supplies equipment and installs
ultra-pure chemicals products and gas distribution units and networks
at its customers new manufacturing facilities.

Finally, given its expertise and its desire to e# customers a
comprehensive service, Air! Liquide also provides just-in-time, on-site
uid management and quality control services under rigorous safety
conditions.

The Electronics business model is based principally on long-term carrier
gas supply agreements with continuous technological innovations to
satisfy customer requirements by designing cutting-edge precursor
molecules. The combination of Carrier Gas, Electronics Specialty
Materials, and Brand-new Materials and Equipment! & Installation
activities enables Air! Liquide to limit revenue volatility in this cyclical
sector that o#ers strong growth potential.

The Electronics activities are based 66% in Asia, 23% in the Americas
and 11% in Europe.

The Groups Electronics activity covers three di" erent activities:
carrier gases with a business model based on long-term
contracts and take-or-pay-type clauses; Electronics Specialty
Materials (ESM) and Advanced Materials (AM) with a high level of
technical expertise; Equipment & Installation sales linked to the
momentum of the electronics sector investment cycle.

In the electronics sector, where long-term growth is accompanied

by short cycles, the mix of activities speci _—_c to Air!Liquide with its
long-term contracts, 0" ers a true competitive advantage.
a
Activities and risk factors

PRODUCTION AND LOGISTICAL SYNERGIES

The four business lines comprising the Gas! & Services activity are ! Engineering! & Construction: sharing of global Group expertise,
closely tied by a strong industrial philosophy where proximity is key. The knowledge transfer, support to the geographic regions;

following chart illustrates the sharing of both production and distribution

assets for a given geographic area, between the di#erent business ! Research and Development: constant e#orts to develop new
lines. Due to this e"cient industrial network, Air!Liquide capitalizes on its applications;

proximity to its customers to anticipate their needs, understand market
changes and o# er innovative solutions. This approach allows the Group
to target a diverse range of activities and markets.

Human Resources: common managerial culture across a range of

regions and businesses, aimed at selecting, training and developing
the potential of the Groups men and women and favoring a unique
In its quest for improved performance, the Group favors e'tiencies in a sharing of competencies.

number of areas: oo Woe Co,
The combination of all these e"ciencies allows Air! Liquide to become

| Industry: local investment in new assets, followed by mutualization _ Stronger and to grow and continue to create long-term value.
of these assets between the di# erent business lines, optimization
of production processes, globalization of energy supply and energy
(electricity and natural gas) purchasing, speci cally;

1 AIR LIQUIDE
oO Activities and risk factors

|

eri

a\ NE AIT

ENGINEERING
& CONSTRUCTION

Oxygen

Argon

PRODUCTION AND

ASU® SMR® Pipeline Trucks
network

Medical
gases

Home
healthcare

Hygiene
Specialty
ingredients

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors 1

Refining Steel

Chemicals

a ;
ll i

Material
Pp.
ATIENTS & Energy
Pan
LARGE INDUSTRIES we.
= = os Q
Air Liquide 4
Z las.
Helium % Automotive
-\ & Manufacturing
Nitrogen Hydrogen 4
DISTRIBUTION ASSETS
008 Wi
Food

On-site Bulk Filling Cylinders
center

& Pharmaceuticals

RS
cyst | Professionals
& Retail

A Technology
& Research

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION

To provide customers with the gases required for their industrial
production, Air! Liquide engineers have developed proprietary
technologies. For over a century, the Group has designed and
constructed gas production units for its own use or for sale to
customers who prefer to produce their gas requirements internally.
Today, Air!Liquide is recognized for its ability to constantly improve ASU
productivity based on its mastery of its proprietary technologies.

Since the acquisition of Lurgi in 2007, the Group has expanded its range
of technological expertise. It possesses its own proprietary technologies
(as developed by Lurgi over 50! years) to produce hydrogen and carbon
monoxide through steam methane reforming. This acquisition also
expanded the Groups o#ering of coal and natural gas conversion
technologies to produce syngas, synthetic natural gas, methanol,
propylene, liquid fuels and biofuels. This expanded Engineering! &
Construction aptitude has assisted the Groups involvement, upstream
of industrial gas production projects as well as in the development of its
customer processes, thus boosting sales growth. Many of the customer
processes (in varied stages of development) o#er technical solutions
which assist in the ght against climate change by enabling capture of a
virtually pure CQ ow as emitted by the industrial sites.

The majority of Air! Liquides Engineering! & Construction activity is
geared toward industrial gas production technologies. Accordingly, in
2016, 58% of its orders in hand concerned the manufacture of either air
gases, hydrogen and/or carbon monoxide production units.

To cover all of the primary markets of the industrial customers, the
Engineering! & Construction business has extensive geographical
coverage with 15! engineering centers worldwide in North America,
Europe and Asia. Positioned with this coverage, the Group is able to
meet global demand while containing production costs.

The Group favors the development of its gas sales activity over
equipment sales. Nonetheless, Engineering! & Construction has great
strategic value for the Group, both internally and externally.

Internally, the Group bene ts from the relevant engineering resources
during the investment phase of project of its Gas!& Services activity. It
provides a high level of expertise, crucial to the design of e&ient units
which speci cally respond to the needs of the Groups industrial gas
customers. It provides support for the Group during site takeovers, by
ensuring the appropriate assessment of the quality of assets purchased.

The Engineering! & Construction activity also acts for third-party
customers. Air! Liquide designs and builds customized units which
customers will own and operate. Also, this third-party customer activity

AIR LIQUIDE

allows the Group to permanently assess the competitiveness of its
own technologies and commercial o#ering. In particular, Air! Liquide
is able to forge close relations with customers who produce their own
gas and better understand their industrial processes and investment
projects. In certain cases, negotiations initially steered toward the sale
of equipment were nalized by the signing of a long-term industrial
gas supply contract. As part of this third-party customer activity,
the strategy consists of favoring research and equipment supply
contracts and excluding construction risks in the contracts. Accordingly,
Engineering! &!Construction s contribution to consolidated revenue can
vary signi cantly from year to year.

g—___

The Engineering! & Construction activity provides the Group
with a genuine competitive edge, enabling it to 0" er turnkey
solutions to its customers both inside and outside the Group and

to engage in a procedure of continuous imp —_ rovement of industrial

processes and reduction in the cost of its industrial assets.

In 2016, consolidated third-party Engineering! & Construction sales
totaled 474!million euros.

GLOBAL MARKETS & TECHNOLOGIES

Leveraging science, technologies, business models and digital usages,
the Business Unit Global Markets! & Technologies focuses on new
markets requiring a global approach.

It is composed of:
! advanced Business! & Technologies (aB&T), in charge of opening
new markets relating to the energy transition such as hydrogen
energy, clean transportation using Bio-NGV and mobile refrigeration
with nitrogen, processing and injecting of biogas into the natural gas
network, and of developing Space, Aerospace, extreme cryogenics
businesses, based on its core technologies;

Air! Liquide Maritime, in charge of developing the gas usages by
the actors in the maritime sector, namely, o#hore oil and gas
platforms (construction and maintenance, inerting, support to
drilling, analytical services, diving gases), sHore wind turbines,
and cryogenic transportation by sea of high value-added molecules,
such as helium.

The new activity has 1,600! employees and generated revenue of
330!million euros in 2016.
Competition
bn

On a worldwide scale, the industrial gases sector comprises four global
companies: Air! Liquide, Linde (Germany), Praxair (United States) and
Air Products (United States). End 2016, Linde and Praxair con rmed
on-going discussions on a potential merger of equals between the two
companies.

There are also a number of regional players, such as Taiyo Nippon
Sanso (Japan), Messer (Germany), Yingde (China) and Hangzhou
Hangyang (China).

Finally, numerous medium-sized players are also present in local
markets.

In Large Industries, the customer can choose between self-production
and over-the-fence gas supply. Self-production is estimated to account
for 80% of hydrogen production and 65% of oxygen production
globally, although with signi cant geographical disparities. Companies
self-producing gas thus remain the Groups greatest competition.
However, the potential to convert self-production into over-the-fence
supply represents a major growth opportunity for the Large Industries
business line. The level of self-production varies strongly depending
upon the region, sector and local culture. In advanced economies, the
supply of oxygen is largely over-the-fence, while the supply of hydrogen
for re ning remains essentially in-house. In developing economies,
while relatively new, over-the-fence supply is accelerating signi cantly.
Air! Liquide, the world leader in over-the-fence industrial gases supply,
is in competition with the three other major global players and the local
players.

Activities and risk factors

Industrial Merchant is a local business: transport costs limit the operating
area to within 200 to 250!km of the production unit except for high
value-added gases. This market, which is highly diversi ed due to the
size and activity of its customers, thus includes numerous small and
medium-sized local competitors, either ensuring gas production and
distribution or simply playing the role of a gas distributor.

In Electronics, ve companies play a major role: Air! Liquide, Linde,
Versum, Air Products and Taiyo Nippon Sanso. Air!Liquide is particularly
present in molecules with high value-added.

Finally, in Healthcare, most of the gas industry players also provide
hospitals with oxygen, but few are present on the promising therapeutic
gas market. Air! Liquide maintains its number one position in Europe.
Nevertheless, the market remains fragmented in all regions with a
multitude of small companies and associations. This fragmentation
provides acquisition opportunities. Finally, Air! Liquide is the only
industrial and medical gases producer to have developed a Hygiene
and Specialty Ingredients activity. Air! Liquide is positioned as a fully-
edged player in the healthcare sector, which represents a signi cant
di#erentiating factor.

In Engineering!& Construction, Air!Liquide also competes with industrial
gas players. In the cold technologies used for air separation, the
competitors are Linde, Air Products or Praxair. In the hot technologies
used for producing hydrogen, in coal gasi cation and the chemical
conversion of syngas, the most important competitors are Haldor
Topsoe (Denmark) or Technip (France). Competition from developing
economies is also growing: for example, Hangzhou Hangyang and
Kaifeng (China) in air gases.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

Risk factors

The Group identi es the risk factors to which it is exposed using a formal
risk management approach.

The risks presented below, at the date of this Reference Document,
are the risks of which the Group considers that the occurrence may
have a signi cant negative impact on its business, results, outlook, or
reputation. The list of these risks is,dwever, not exhaustive and other
risks, unknown at the date of this document, could occur and have a
negative e#ect on the Groups business.

As part of the Groups risk management approach, the Group is
committed to regularly assessing the risks and to reducing the likelihood
that they will occur or their potential impact by implementing formalized
and speci c action plans.

The Report from the Chairman of the Board (page! 145) presents the
main underlying internal control and management procedures put
in place for the main risks that contribute speci cally to limiting the
probability of them occurring or their impact.

SPECIFIC BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS

The industrial gas business is characterized by a signi cant technology
content (both in the design phase and the construction of production
units), local production capacity, high capital intensity, and substantial
energy requirements.

The risks associated with these characteristics are mitigated by various
factors, which include primarily the diversity of customers and industries
served by the Group, as well as the innumerable applications that it
o#ers. In addition, a signi cant share of business is subject to speci c
contracts, a strict investment project authorization and management
process, and a tailored energy policy.

Industrial risks

Industrial risks are linked to the various industrial processes and
distribution methods implemented by the Group. They are distributed
over a large number of sites from which it operates.

The Groups key priority is safety, with a formal objective of zero
accidents, on every site, in every region, in every unit . The safety results
for the past 20! plus! years illustrate the long-term e#€tiveness of
Group s actions in this area.

Over and above the usual risks inherent in all industrial activities,
Air!Liquide s businesses entail more speci c risks relating to:

! products: the intrinsic properties of certain products packaged
by the Group classi es them in the dangerous materials category,
for which tailored procedures and means of detection have been
de ned to ensure compliance with local regulations as a minimum;

AIR LIQUIDE

! processes and their operation: cryogenics is used to separate
gases by distillation, store them and transport them. This very low
temperature technique as well as other high temperature techniques
(used in particular in the production of hydrogen) require speci c
means of control and protection. In addition, pressure is central to the
Groups processes. Pressurized equipment must be designed with
security features restricting uncontrolled release which may trigger
accidents;

! logistics and transportation: each year, delivery vehicles, sales sta#
and technicians travel many kilometers. Non-compliance by the
drivers with the highway code or the lack of regular maintenance of
vehicles would expose drivers and third parties to risks of accidents.
Preventive measures are regularly implemented, such as awareness
campaigns. In addition, industrial sites use a lot of motorized lifting
gears. Training in the use of such equipment and user permits are
required;

! engineering and construction: industrial risks are factored in from
the design phase of future installations. Subsequently, during the
construction phase, the lack of prevention plans and rigorous
organization would hamper the coordination among the various
trades; the project and competences management tools aim to
reduce these risks;

! delivery reliability: a variety of solutions contribute to reducing the
risks of fault in the systems supplying gas to customers: direct
pipeline connection from a production unit, on-site storage with
remote surveillance enabling the automatic trigger of resupply or
bar-coded gas cylinders ensuring the traceability of products;

! challenges in the medical area: the products and services delivered
for the healthcare and wellbeing of patients are regulated by internal
standards and speci c regulations, and must be subject to particular
attention by the teams in question.

The Group has an Industrial Management System (IMS), which de nes
the management processes covering the above points. It is described in
greater depth in the Chairman s Report on page!148.

Industrial investment-related risks

The Group may be exposed to certain risks speci c to its industrial
investments. Each investment project may be a#ected, particularly in
its pro tability, by diérent factors linked primarily to project location,
customer quality and the competitiveness of the site, as well as to
design, cost estimates and the construction of gas production units.
The investment authorization process is led by Resources!& Investment
Committees, which apply extremely strict appraisal criteria to projects.
These Committees comprise regional, technical and nancial managers
as well as World Business Lines managers that vary depending on
the nature of the project considered, and are chaired by an Executive
Committee member. They take place in each hub or World Business
Unit. The investment decision-making process is explained in the
Investment cycle and nancing strategy section on page!47.

Engineering!& Construction-related risks

Air! Liquide enters into contracts to design and build gas production
units worldwide. The primary role of Group Engineering is to undertake
internal investment projects. It also performs projects for third-party
customers that are selected based on criteria aimed at limiting the risks
associated with these Engineering! & Construction activities.

Measures to limit commitments on the most complex projects are
described in the Control Activities section of the Chairman s Report on
page! 148.

These projects generally extend over several! years. Potential risks
relating to design, purchasing, transport or construction and more
generally to the overall quality of work may arise at di#nt stages of
the project. Risks relating to these projects are often greater during the
construction stage, in particular for turnkey projects:

! the quality and delivery times for critical equipment on the one hand,
and costs and on-site construction costs and deadlines on the
other may give rise to project start-up setbacks and impact project
pro tability;

! unexpected technical problems may also arise as a result of new
innovative processes being implemented. Preliminary tests on pilot
or demonstration units are therefore meant to help reduce such risks
prior to commercial implementation;

! certain projects are located in regions that may be a source of
political risks and are therefore subject to constant monitoring.

The impact of the risks described above depends also on the
contractual commitments given to customers.

Business-related risks

The primary business-related risk is the risk of customer bankruptcy
or closure of a customer s production site. The diversity of the Groups
geographic presence in 80! countries distributes the risk among
customers and markets. The Groups subsidiaries serve a very large
number of customers (more than two! million worldwide) in a broad
range of industries: chemicals, steel, re ning, food, pharmaceuticals,
metals, automotive, healthcare, electronics, photovoltaic and research
laboratories,! etc. The Groups top customer represents around 1% of
revenue, the Groups top 10!customers represent around 10% of revenue
and the top 50!customers represent around 25% of revenue.

Activities and risk factors

Moreover, a signi cant part of the Industrial Gas business is covered by
customer contracts, with commitment periods speci c to the relevant
business line:

! the Large Industries business and a third of the Electronics business
respectively rely on 15-year to 20-year, and 10-year, take-or-pay
secured contracts, ensuring a guaranteed minimum revenue. These
contracts provide strong future cash ow predictability;

! the contracts in the Industrial Merchant business, generally with a
one- to ve-year duration, also include services relating to storage
and cylinders;

! in the Healthcare business, positions vary between health systems,
with certain countries awarding one- to ve-year contracts on a
regional and pathology basis following public tenders.

In addition, some Group clients business may be interrupted for climatic
or major political events.

The impact on the Group of the risks of customer business interruption
following major climatic or political events iswever, limited by the wide
diversity of countries in which it operates. This impact can be reduced
by the necessary recourse to gases in critical situations. Indeed, gases
are needed to secure industrial or chemical installations (inert gases),
maintain local industrial activity (essential to industrial processes) and
even sustain life (medical gases). They are therefore often protected or
prioritized depending on the situation.

The amount of operating receivables as well as allowance for doubtful
receivables are shown in note!18! Trade receivables to the consolidated
nancial statements on page!27S.

Supply-related risks

Electricity and natural gas are the main raw materials used by
production units. Their availability is thus essential to the Group. Due
to the geographic spread of its activities, Group supply contracts are
diversi ed. Where the local market permits, Group subsidiaries secure
these resources through medium- to long-term supply commitments
and competitive bidding scenarios with the objective of achieving the
most reliable and competitive energy costs available in any particular
market. The Group passes on cost variations to its customers via
indexed invoicing integrated into medium- and long-term contracts.

Commodity risk is described in note!26.1 to the consolidated nancial
statements on page!299.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

Innovation and intellectual property-related risks

The Groups activity is not dependent on third-party patents. It is
mainly based on technology, processes and designs which are mostly
protected by patents, drawings and models as well as by brands;
these technologies, processes and designs are developed internally,
notably by its Research and Development, Marketing, Engineering
and other innovation teams, as well as through partnerships with third
parties. There is, nonetheless, a risk of third-party rights being infringed,
in particular when several market players are developing similar
technologies. The Group is also developing innovative activities through
collaboration with partners, acquisitions, or buying shares in innovative
entities: risks may arise in the breakdown between stakeholders of
rights and obligations relating to intellectual property.

Measures aimed at ensuring the respect of intellectual property are set
out in the Chairman s Report on page! 149.

ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATIC RISKS

The industrial and medical gas business presents few environmental

risks. Around 85% of the Groups large production units separate the
components of atmospheric air, i.e. oxygen, nitrogen, argon and rare
gases. These plants without chimneys do not use any combustion

processes and consume almost exclusively electrical energy. They are

particularly environmentally friendly as they emit almost no GGulfur

oxides or nitrogen oxides.

Nonetheless, electricity consumption generates CO, emissions by
the suppliers of this energy, known as indirect emissions. Besides, the
Groups two other main activities, namely hydrogen production and
cogeneration, account for nearly 15% of large production units and use
combustion processes emitting CO, and nitrogen oxides, as well as low
quantities of sulfur oxides.

Water is a resource necessary to these three main Group processes.
Air gas separation units use water exclusively for cooling purposes
during the separation process. Hydrogen production units require
water in the form of steam in the reaction producing hydrogen. Finally,
the cogeneration units produce steam, which is mainly supplied to
customers.

Environmental risks primarily comprise the following components that
are subject to rigorous monitoring:

! the environmental footprint, involving the Groups activities
worldwide including direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions
which are measured at all production sites;

! respect for applicable legislation and its evolution, in particular in
certain geographic regions.

AIR LIQUIDE

Climatic risks notably comprise weather and climatic disasters which
may disrupt the smooth running of operations in particular on the main
sites in the regions at risk. Adaptation measures covering risks relating
to extreme weather-related phenomena and to the scarcity of water in
geographic regions under water stress exist at the main sites located in
high-risk areas.

The scheme to manage environmental and climatic risks is detailed in
the Chairman s Report on page!151.

FINANCIAL AND TAX RISKS
Financial risk management is a priority for the Group.

The nancial risk management processes are detailed in the Chairman s
Report on page! 149, in accordance with a governance structure that
de nes the role of the Finance Department, the various Committees
and the role of local entities.

The Finance Department also analyzes country and customer risks on
investment decisions; it participates in Investment Committee meetings.

Foreign exchange risk

Since industrial and medical gases are not transported over long
distances, most products are manufactured in the country where they
are sold. The Group considers that its activities and its pro tability have
a low level of exposure to currency uctuations.

Foreign exchange transaction risk is related both to cash ows arising
from royalties, technical support and dividends, as well as to foreign
currency commercial cash ows from operating entities. These
commercial cash ows in foreign currencies are not material when
compared to consolidated revenue on an annual basis. This foreign
exchange transaction risk is managed through the hedging policy
implemented by the Finance Department.

Furthermore, the Group provides a natural hedge and reduces its
exposure to exchange rate uctuations by raising debt in the currency of
the cash ows generated to repay debt. Thus, nancing is raised either
in local currency, or when sales contracts are indexed in euros or US
dollars, in foreign currency (EUR or USD).

Foreign exchange risk related to the translation of local currency
nancial statements into euros mainly corresponds to the sensitivity to
the main foreign currencies!— the US dollar (USD), the Japanese yen
(JPY) and the Chinese renminbi (CNY).

Note! 25.3 to the consolidated financial statements presents the net
indebtedness by currency and note! 26.1 to the consolidated financial
statements describes the foreign exchange transaction risk management
process and the derivative instruments used, as well as sensitivity to
foreign currency exchange rates.
Interest rate risk

The interest rate risk is mainly linked to the uctuation of future cash
ows on debt when the rate is variable, such as Euribor or Libor. The
Group s objective is to reduce the impact of interest rate uctuations on
its interest expenses and, guided by the principle of prudence, to nance
long-term assets with shareholders equity and xed-rate long-term
debt. Since most of Air! Liquide s investments are based on long-term
contracts (10 to 20! years), a policy promoting interest rate risk hedging
ensures control over
investments.

nancing costs when deciding on long-term

Group policy is to maintain, over a medium- to long-term period, a
majority of total debt at xed rates, mainly by using rm or option hedges.
This approach enables the Group to limit the impact of interest rate
uctuations on nancial expenses.

Note! 25.4 to the consolidated financial statements presents the fixed-
rate portion of debt and note!26.1 to the consolidated financial statements
describes the sensitivity of the Groups financial expenses to interest rate
fluctuations and the interest rate repricing schedule for fixed-rate debt
and interest rate hedging instruments.

Financial counterparty and liquidity risk

Financial counterparty risk primarily relates to outstanding amounts on
short-term investments and derivative instruments for hedging, and to
credit facilities contracted with each bank. To ensure its development
and independence, the Group must have su" cient and permanent
sources of liquidity, meaning adequate nancing resources available at
any time and at the lowest cost from banks and nancial markets. In this
area, the Group adopts a prudent approach to counterparties and their
diversi cation, applying a strict limit on individual outstandings.

Note! 26.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes financial

counterparty and liquidity risk for the year ended December! 31, 2016.

Notes 18.1 and 18.2 to the consolidated financial statements provide a
breakdown of trade and other operating receivables and allowances for
doubtful receivables.

Tax risks

The Group is exposed to tax risk in certain countries, due to changes
in applicable regulations, which may have an impact on its activities or
its results. Its Tax Department and operational Finance Departments
monitor these changes carefully to ensure the Group complies with
these regulations.

Activities and risk factors

DIGITAL RISKS

The Groups activities, expertise and, more generally, its relations
with all the players in its social and economic environment depend
on increasingly dematerialized and digitalized operations. These
operations depend on interdependent information systems and
communication networks on both a human level and in functional and
technical terms.

This digital dependency accentuates the risks of data con dentiality,
data processing integrity and information systems availability that may
have nancial, operational or corporate image impacts for the Group.

A multi-annual operational program aims to continue to strengthen the
Groups prevention and monitoring mechanisms in a context of ever-
changing cyber-threats and digital risks. This program will enable the
application of the digital security policy described on page! 148 of the
Chairman s Report in priority elds and activities.

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT RISKS

The long-term performance of the Air! Liquide Group is driven, in
particular, by the quality of its employees, their expertise and their
motivation.

The Group may be faced with di"culties in nding and sustaining the
required skills at the right time and in the right place, in particular in
developing economies where the Group is expanding its activities.

The Group ensures the building of a performance-focused, motivating
and involved professional environment, through a Human Resources
policy aiming to identify, attract, retain and develop competent
employees from all walks of life. The objectives of this policy are set out
in the Chairman s Report on page! 149.

Moreover, considering the changing international climate and _ its
presence in a large number of countries, the Group (its employees, sites
and assets) may be exposed locally to a higher security risk, for which
additional measures are being taken.

LEGAL RISKS

The Group has a worldwide presence. Its companies operating
industrial and medical gas production facilities must comply with the
rules and regulations in force locally, particularly in the technical eld, and
monitor any changes.

In Healthcare in particular, the regulatory environment constantly
evolves and speci c regulatory constraints exist which relate notably
to public markets, to the marketing of products which may be subject
to drug regulatory control, and the protection of private information on
each patient. In this domain, the evolution of the regulatory environment
is monitored with particular vigilance and adapted reinforced means
implemented.

AIR LIQUIDE
Activities and risk factors

More generally, the Group is faced with the risks relating to contracts and
competition law, as well as anti-corruption and international commerce
issues. These risks are speci cally monitored as indicated in the Report
from the Chairman of the Board of Directors on the internal control and
risk management procedures instituted by the Company (page!147).

To the Groups knowledge, there have been no governmental, judicial
or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings which are

pending or threatened, of which we are aware, which may have, or have
had in the past 12!months, signi cant impacts on the nancial situation or
pro tability of the Company and/or Group.

Liabilities and contingent liabilities related to disputes are described in
notes!23 and 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

INSURANCE MANAGEMENT

The Group has adequate insurance coverage, underwritten by rst-rate
insurers, for civil liability, property damage and business interruption.

Property damage and business interruption

Group property and business interruption are covered by property
and casualty insurance policies underwritten in each country in which
the Group operates. Almost all of these policies are integrated into an
international program.

These policies, which are generally of the All Risks form, cover re,
lightning, water damage, explosions, vandalism, impact, machinery
breakdown, theft and, depending on the country and in limited amounts,
natural disasters.

Business interruption is insured for most production sites under these
same policies. The coverage period for business interruption is 12
to 18! months. Deductible amounts are correlated to the size of the
sites. Insurers conduct regular visits at the main industrial sites for risk
prevention purposes.

Civil liability

In terms of civil liability, the Group maintains two separate covers, one
for the North American zone and another for the rest of the world. The
North American zone is covered by insurance underwritten in the United
States. For the other zones, the Group has subscribed an umbrella
policy, underwritten in France, which covers both the Company and its
subsidiaries outside of the United States and Canada, beyond any local
coverage provided for the subsidiaries.

These two policies cover liability of the Group companies for any
damage they might cause to a third party in the course of doing
business (operational risk) or arising from their products (product risk).
Furthermore, with certain limitations, these policies cover pollution risk
and product recall costs.

AIR LIQUIDE

The coverage amounts underwritten exceed 500! million euros. Both
policies are built on several overlapping insurance lines and each line
has been underwritten for a given amount with several insurers sharing
the risk. Beyond the rst line, the upper lines pick up the excess risk from
the lower lines.

The policy underwritten by the Company in France serves as an
umbrella for subsidiaries outside of North America. Under this umbrella,
each foreign subsidiary has its own policy covering damages to third
parties incurred through its activities or products. The amount insured
for each subsidiary in its policy depends on the amount of its revenue.
The coverage under the Groups umbrella policy is supplemental to any
local amounts.

The main exclusions are deliberate acts, war, nuclear incidents and
repair of defective products.

Captive reinsurance

A portion of risks of damage and operating losses is kept by the Group
via a captive reinsurance company located in Luxembourg, which
also participates, since July!1, 2015, in the coverage of the Groups civil
liabilities excluding the North American zone.

This company covers losses of up to a maximum of 5! million euros
per loss over and above the deductibles to a maximum of 19.5! million
euros per year. Beyond these amounts, risks are transferred to insurers.
Their management is entrusted to a captive manager approved by the
Luxembourg Insurance Commission.

This captive reinsurance company is fully consolidated. Its balance
sheet as of December!31, 2016 totaled 73!million euros.

RISKS LINKED TO THE AIRGAS ACQUISITION

The following paragraph!summarizes the risk factors at year-end 2016
that are most speci cally linked to Airgas, for which the integration has
been focusing on the Groups nancial risk management processes
(particularly the investments, cash, and reporting) in the initial months
following acquisition.

Following the Airgas acquisition, the Air!Liquide Group will make around
one-third of its full-year recurring revenue within the U.S. territory and
will therefore see an increase in sensitivity to this country s economy
and speci cities. Similarly, and due to Airgas activity pro le, the relative
weight of the Industrial Merchant business will increase to reach from
40% to 50% of Group full-year recurring revenue.
Financing-related risks

Due to the increased level of indebtedness resulting from the acquisition,
and particularly in case of a signi cant increase in interest rates upon
future renewals of bonds in euro and in US dollar issued post-acquisition,
the Group may nd itself obliged to dvote a more signi cant portion of
cash ows from its operational activities to service the debt.

Note! 26.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes the
sensitivity of the Groups financial expenses to interest rate fluctuations
and the interest rate repricing schedule for fixed-rate debt and interest
rate hedging instruments.

Risks involving credit ratings

Activities and risk factors

Risks concerning the synergies and other expected
bene ts

The Airgas integration process includes inherent uncertainties and
costs. The synergies and other expected bene ts from the acquisition
(particularly growth opportunities, cost savings, and an increase in
revenue and pro ts) may not appear as expected if Air!Liquide is unable,
for example, to get existing Airgas customers to adopt its products and
vice versa, to achieve the smooth integration of information systems
and operational processes, to ensure the renewal of certain large
supply contracts, due to legal or regulatory constraints, or to negative
customer or supplier reactions following the acquisition. The successful
integration of Airgas still requires the management teams to be heavily
involved, which could aéct their ability to direct their recurring activities
e#ectively during the integration period, even if dedicated teams are put

As anticipated, following the acquisition, S&P downgraded L %Air!Liquide jn place to manage this process.

S.A. s credit rating for the long-term debt by two notches (from A+ to A-).
Despite the stable outlook associated with this credit rating as well as
the rst credit rating issued by Moody s (A3) in May! 2016, it is possible

Human Resources risks following the acquisition

that the rating agencies will downgrade their ratings of L %Air!Liquide!S.A. 4 . part of the integration process, the Group is dealing with the

to below their current levels, should Air! Liquides level of indebtedness
increase more than expected or for other credit-related reasons,
with a negative impact on Air!Liquides ability to nance its continuing
operations and to re nance its debt.

Foreign exchange risk following the acquisition

The Group presents its nancial statements in euros. Following the
acquisition, the Groups exposure to the US dollar has increased due to
Airgas signi cant assets and revenue in the United States and due to
the increase in US dollar denominated Group s debt, with a risk linked to
the translation of the nancial statements:

! large uctuations in the value of the euro against the US dollar will
have a more signi cant impact on the Groups published results than
before the acquisition;

! the same foreign exchange variations will have an impact on
the gures presented in the Groups balance sheet, particularly
concerning the debt.

Note!26.1 to the consolidated financial statements describes the foreign
exchange transaction risk management process and the derivative
instruments used, as well as sensitivity to foreign currency exchange
rates.

problems inherent in management and integration of a large number
of employees with di#rent career paths, pro les, pay structures, and
cultures. The Group is therefore rolling out loyalty programs for identi ed
key employees.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

) 2016 PERFORMANCE

The Group achieved solid performance in 2016, a year of transformation, — Net cash after change in working capital requirements was up +30.5%
marked by the acquisition of Airgas and a refocusing on Gas!& Services | compared with 2015 and represented 20.4% of sales, driven notably
activities. Group revenue for 2016 totaled 18,135!million euros, up +14.6% by a good level of operating cash ow and an improvement in WCR.
as published compared to 2015, driven by the consolidation of Airgas Following the capital increase, the net debt-to-equity ratio reached
sales from May! 23, 2016 but penalized by negative currency impact 90% at the end of December! 2016, sharply down compared with the
of -1.4% and by adverse energy impact of -2.2%. Comparable Gas! & — exceptional level of 151% at the end of June!2016, ve weeks after the

Services sales growth, outperforming the market, was +2.7%. Airgas acquisition.

The development of activity in 2016 was mainly driven by the ramp-up The Group pursued its growth initiatives with investment decisions
of production units in Large Industries, solid sales growth in Healthcare, of 2.2! billion euros. The average size of projects in the portfolio of
double-digit growth for the new Global Markets! & Technologies activity opportunities is more modest, which contributes to a better distribution

and dynamic developing economies. of risk.

The operating margin was 16.7% in 2016, re ecting the new business The Board of Directors proposed a nominal dividend to be submitted
mix following the integration of Airgas; it also includes the contribution to the Annual General Meeting of May! 3, 2017 at 2.60 euros per
from 315! million euros of eiencies and the rst Airgas synergies for share. Taking into account the restatement related to the rights issue,
45! million US dollars. Net pro t (Group share) reached 1,844! million this dividend represents an increase of +2.7% for the shareholder. The
euros, up +5.0% compared with 2015. Net earnings per share, after pay-out ratio is estimated at 56%.

taking account of the dilutive impact of the capital increase, were
5.11 !euros, up +2.4% compared with 4.99!euros per share in 2015.

2016 Key Figures

2016/2015 2016/2015
published comparable

(in!millions of euros) 2015 2016 change change”

Group revenue 15,819 18,135 +14.6% +0.9%

of which Gas!& Services 14,752 17,331 +17.5% +2.7%

Operating income recurring 2,856 3,024 +5.9%

Operating income recurring (as % of revenue) 18.1% 16.7% -140bps

Net pro t (Group share) 1,756 1,844 +5.0%

Adjusted earnings per share (in euros) 4.99 5.11 42.4%

Adjusted dividend per share (in euros) 2.53 2.60 © +2.7%

Net cash ows from operating activities ‘© 2,832 3,697 +30.5%

Net capital expenditure ‘© 2,292 13,609

Net debt 7,239 15,368

Debt-to-equity ratio 56.7% 89.6%

Return On Capital Employed!— ROCE after tax ‘ 10.3% 7.8%

(a) 2015 figures have been restated to account for IFRS5, discontinued operations.

(b) Excluding significant scope, currency and energy impact.

(c) Subject to the approval of the 3 May!2017 Annual General Meeting.

(d) Cash flow from operating activities after change in working capital requirement and other elements.

(e) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

(f) Return On Capital Employed after tax: ((net profit after tax before deduction of minority interests!- net cost of debt afte

r taxes) over 2016)/(average of

(shareholders equity +!minority interests +!net indebtedness) at the end of the three last semesters (H2!2015, H1!2016 and H2! 2016)).

AIR LIQUIDE
Highlights of 2016

A MAJOR ACQUISITION: AIRGAS
Completion of the Acquisition

On May!23, 2016, Air!Liquide completed the acquisition of the American
company Airgas. The combined businesses including Airgas will
generate worldwide annual sales of more than 20!billion euros.

Operational Merger and First Synergies

! The integration process took a major step forward with the e#ctive
merger of the two organizations on October!1. The Group s Industrial
Merchant and Healthcare customers in the United States are now
served by this new organization which is supervised from the Radnor
site in Pennsylvania. The Large Industries and Electronics business
lines in the United States remain supervised independently from the
Houston site in Texas.

! The expected synergies amount to more than 300!million US dollars.
For approximately 70%, the costs synergies result from optimization
in cylinder and bulk operations, process, procurement and back-
o" ce. For approximately 30%, sales synergies correspond to the
deployment of Air!Liquide ating through the Airgas network and of
Airgas of#ers in Canada and Mexico. They also include the increase
in sales of air gases and helium based on the production capacity of
Air!Liquide.

! Airgas cost synergies should be fully achieved by the end of 2018,
thus earlier than initially anticipated. Operational integration is
proceeding as planned, including the closure of 18 cylinder Iling
stations or storage sites to optimize product ows, which contributed
to logistics synergies. The projects which will generate revenue
synergies have also started, notably with the launch of the Groups
on-site (FloxalTM) o#ring to Airgas customers and the training of
sales teams on the combined product o# erings.

Successful Re — nancing of the Transaction

2016 Performance

On September!12, 2016, Air!Liquide launched a share capital increase
with preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders (the
Rights Issue ) as part of the re nancing of the Airgas acquisition.
This transaction, for which the subscription period lasted from
September! 14 to September! 28 included, constituted the second
step of re nancing of this acquisition. The parity was one!new share
for eight!existing shares and a subscription unit price of 76!euros for
each new share. The nal gross proceeds amounted to 3.3! billion
euros resulting in the issuance of 43,202,209!new shares. The total
subscription rate reached 191.2%.

On September! 22, 2016, Air! Liquide successfully placed ve US
dollar-denominated senior bonds for an aggregate amount of
4.5! billion US! dollars, which constituted the third and last step in
re nancing its acquisition of Airgas. These bond issuances have
maturities ranging from three!to 30! years, for an average weighted
maturity of 10.6!years and an average weighted rate of 2.3%.

These re nancings allow as well to continue to sustainably nance
the Group s long-term growth.

Realization of Divestments

! On June!6, 2016, Air!Liquide placed 3!billion euro bond issue with a

weighted average rate of 0.65%. This operation was the rst step
of the re nancing process. It involved the issuances of several
bond tranches ranging from 2!to 12!years, with a weighted average
maturity of 7.3!years. The 3!billion euros raised enabled the Group to
re nance a portion of the bridge loan of 12!billion US dollars.

In accordance with the divestiture process described in the FTC
(US Federal Trade Commission) press release of May! 13, 2016,
an agreement has been concluded with Matheson Tri-Gas, Inc.
(Matheson ), a subsidiary of Taiyo Nippon Sanso Corporation
(Tokyo, Japan), concerning the sale of certain assets in the United
States. This transaction, concluded at the beginning of September,
included the sale of 18 air separation units in 16 locations; two nitrous
oxide production facilities; six carbon dioxide production facilities;
and three Airgas retail packaged welding gas stores in Alaska. Under
the terms of the agreement, Matheson has acquired production
facilities, equipment, inventory, distribution assets, and customer
contracts, and has also hired employees related to the divested
assets.

The transaction, valued at 781!million US!dollars, generated a net gain
after tax of approximately 250!million US!dollars for Air!Liquide. This
gain o#set the totality of the exceptional costs relative to the Airgas
acquisition, integration and nancing for the year.

Air!Liquide also nalized, in December! 2016, the sale of two units in
Iowa which produce liquid carbon dioxide and dry ice, corresponding
to the remaining divestitures required by the American anti-trust
authority (FTC) in connection with the Airgas acquisition.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

LAUNCH OF NEW CORPORATE PROGRAM
2016-2020: NEOS

The Group acquires a new dimension following the acquisition of
Airgas and thus enters a new phase of its development. On July!6, 2016,
Air!Liquide published its new company mid-term program NEOS for the
period 2016-2020.

Air! Liquides strategy for pro table growth over the long-term is a
customer-centric transformation. It will be based on operational
excellence and the quality of its investments, on open innovation
and the network organization already implemented by the Group
worldwide. Air!Liquide s ambition is to lead its industry, deliver long-term
performance and contribute to sustainability.

Air! Liquide has identi ed three major long-term trends, which are
sources of growth for all of its businesses. These trends are energy and
environment transition, changes in healthcare, and digitization.

Air! Liquide, as part of its NEOS Program, is aiming for revenue
compound annual growth rate (CAGR), over the 2016-2020 period,
of +6% to +8%, including Airgas scope @ét in 2017, contributing
+2% CAGR. The Group intends to generate substantial recurrent
e" ciency gains of more than 300! million euros on average per year
from 2017, in addition to synergies related to Airgas acquisition for a
total amount above 300! million US dollars. The Group is targeting a
Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) in excess of 10% after ve to
six years. Lastly, maintaining a long-term minimum A range rating
(from Standard! & Poors and Moody s rating agencies) thanks to the
strength of its balance sheet remains a priority.

As for sustainable development, which lies at the heart of its ambition
alongside performance, the Group will reinforce its actions aimed at
improving the air quality for better environment and health. Air! Liquide
will pursue an active dialogue with its stakeholders to contribute to a
more sustainable world.

DEVELOPMENT OF INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITY
InLarge Industries:

! in China, Air! Liquide signed a new long-term contract with Xinneng
Energy Company, a subsidiary of ENN Ecological Holdings
Company (ENN). Under the terms of the new agreement, Air!Liquide
will invest more than 60!million euros in an ASU (Air Separation Unit),
with a total capacity of 2,700!tonnes of oxygen per day. This new unit
is expected to start operations in!the second quarter of 2018;

AIR LIQUIDE

! Air! Liquide also signed a new long-term contract with Maoming
Petrochemical Co. (MPCC), a subsidiary of China Petroleum! &
Chemical Corp. (Sinopec Corp.), one of the largest integrated
energy and chemical companies in China. Under the terms of the
new agreement, Air! Liquide will invest around 40! million euros in
a new state-of-the-art ASU, with a total capacity of 850! tonnes of
oxygen per day. Expected to start operations in the second quarter
of 2017, the new ASU will supply industrial gases including oxygen
and nitrogen to the customer s new ethylene oxide plant as well as
to its existing one. MPCCs decision to outsource their needs for
industrial gases on this new project demonstrates their con dence
in Air! Liquide s capability to provide innovative solutions and deliver
safe operations;

! in South America, Air! Liquide signed a new long-term contract
with Axion Energy Argentina, subsidiary of Bridas Corporation and
leading re ner in Argentina. Under the terms of the new contract,
Air! Liquide will invest 55! million euros in a second hydrogen
production unit (Steam Methane Reformer! — SMR) for Axion.
Implanted in Campana, Buenos Aires, this SMR will raise the
hydrogen production capacity of the site to 37,000! Nm& per hour.
Operations are expected to start in the second half of 2018.

In Industrial Merchant:

! Air!Liquide has signed two multi-year contracts for a total worth of
20!million euros, for the supply of high purity xenon in the all-electric
propulsion satellite market: one with Airbus Defence and Space, the
world leader in high power electric satellites and one with Thales
Alenia Space, leader in High Throughput Satellites;

! Cryo International, an Air! Liquide subsidiary specializing in
temperature-controlled logistics solutions, has acquired PDP
Couriers, a major player in the customized transport of highly
value-added products for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries. The company generated revenues of approximately
21! million euros in 2015. PDP Couriers has grown signi cantly in
Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia over the past few!years;

! Air! Liquides partnership with US start-up Solidia Technologies&
(Solidia), provides new equipment for carbon dioxide (C@injection
for the production of Solidia Concrete“. Due to Solidias patented
processes which cure concrete with CO, instead of water, this next
generation of cement will allow the entire industrial chain to reduce
up to 70% the environmental footprint of pre-cast concrete. The
breakthrough technology results in reduced concrete curing times
of less than 24! hours and lower water consumption. In addition
to capturing large amounts of CQ, the quality of the concrete is
signi cantly improved.
InGlobal Markets!& Technologies:

!  Air!Liquide commissioned seven biogas puri cation units in Europe
in 2016. The Group has developed technologies and expertise that
span the entire biomethane value chain: puri cation of biogas into
biomethane, injection into the natural gas network, liquefaction,
and distribution for clean transportation eets. The puri cation
and biogas valorization is a very promising example of a circular
economy, which helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions and which
could contribute to solutions for the zero emission transportation of
tomorrow;

! in July!2016, Air! Liquide announced the commissioning of a world
premiere pure helium storage facility close to D sseldorf, Germany.
This site o#ers its customers service to secure their helium supply.
With this initiative, Air!Liquide will better address customer needs in
o#ering!reliable and complete helium provisioning;

!  Air!Liquide has signed several contracts for the supply of cryogenic
equipments for the propulsion of the future European launcher
Ariane! 6, as well as for the design and production of the cryogenic
uid systems of the new Ariane Launcher System (ELA4) of the
Guiana Space Center (GSC). The contracts for the sale of those
equipments, amounting to more than 100! million euros, will be
executed over the next three!years.

DEVELOPMENT IN HEALTHCARE

! Air! Liquide pursued its external growth strategy in Healthcare.
The Group announced the acquisition by its subsidiary Sch Ike,
a specialist in hygiene and hospital disinfection, of Vic Pharma,
the second largest independent player in the Brazilian hygiene
market. It o#rs a broad range of products for disinfecting
surfaces, instruments and medical devices, as well as antiseptic
solutions for pre- or post-operative care. Present mainly in the
hospital and medical settings, the company generated revenue of
approximately !8!million euros in 2015.

! Air!Liquide announced on October! 13 that its subsidiaries SEPPIC,
healthcare specialty ingredients manufacturer, and Sch lke,
hygiene specialist, broke ground on a shared state-of-the-art
production facility in Sandston! — Virginia, United States. This
plant is expected to start operations in the rst half of 2018 and
will produce ingredients destined to the worldwide cosmetic and
pharmaceutical markets. The planned investment is over 60!million
US!dollars.

2016 Performance

NEW PROJECTS IN INNOVATION
AND TECHNOLOGIES

! Air! Liquide has inaugurated its new Shanghai Research! &
Technology Center (SRTC). This new center will ultimately host 250
employees, including researchers, experts in customer applications
and business development teams. It will become a major center for
the Group s!innovation in the Asia!Paci c region. This opening follows
the celebration of the 20" anniversary of the Groups Engineering! &
Construction facilities in Hangzhou, a city of Zhejiang province,
illustrating the long-term commitment of the Group in China.

! Air! Liquide was certi ed as a technological showcase in France
by the Industry of the Future Alliance. Air! Liquide decided in 2016
to invest 20! million euros in Large Industries in the project called
Connect . The Group creates a remote operations and optimization
center in France which is unique in the industrial gases industry,
able to control and optimize the production, energy, e'ciency
and reliability of the Large Industries sites, or carry out predictive
maintenance actions.

! ALIAD, the venture capital arm of the Air! Liquide Group,
strengthened its position in future industries with new equity
investments in technology start-ups: Carmat, Inpria, Poly-Shape,
Solidia Technologies, and Proxem. ALIAD has thus made 27
investments since its creation in 2013 for a total commitment of over
66! million euros. The investment strategy of ALIAD, coherent with
the Group s strategy, targets sectors linked to the energy transition,
healthcare, and high tech.

PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT

Air! Liquide is focused on its Gas! & Services activities following the
Groups acquisition of Airgas, as well as on the implementation of its
company program NEOS for the 2016-2020 period.

Air! Liquide is considering various options for the divestment of its
subsidiary Air! Liquide Welding, specialized in the manufacturing of
welding and cutting technologies, with the intention to provide it with the
best opportunities for its long-term development.

At the end of December, Air! Liquide nalized the divestment of
Aqua!Lung, a key player in personal aquatic equipment for recreational
and professional use, to Montagu Private Equity, a leading European

private equity rm. Montagu will support Aqua! Lungs next phase of
growth and enable the company to deliver on its strategy.

AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

2016 Income Statement

COMPARABLE BASIS: EXCLUDING SIGNIFICANT SCOPE, CURRENCY, ENERGY
(NATURAL GAS AND ELECTRICITY) IMPACT

Applied method

In addition to the comparison of published gures, nancial information is given excluding signi cant scope, currency, atafumal gas and electricity
price uctuation impact.

! The signi cant scope e# ect corresponds to the impact on sales of all acquisitions or disposals of a signi cant size for the Group. These changes in
scope of consolidation are determined:

' for acquisitions during the period, by deducting from the aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisition;

' for acquisitions during the previous period, by deducting from the aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisitbetween January!1
of the current period and the anniversary date of the acquisition;

' for disposals during the period, by deducting from the aggregates for the previous period the contribution of the disposed dytias of the
anniversary date of the disposal;

' for disposals during the previous period, by deducting from the aggregates for the previous period the contribution of the dispd entity.

! Since industrial and medical gases are rarely exported, the impact of currency uctuations on activity levels and resultsiiited to euro translation
impacts with respect to the nancial statements of subsidiaries located outside the euro zone. The currency e#ct is calculated based on the
aggregates for the period converted at the exchange rate for the previous period.

! In addition, the Group passes on variations in the cost of energy (electricity and natural gas) to its customers via indexedbiaing integrated into
their medium and long-term contracts. This indexing can lead to signi cant variations in sales (mainly in the Large Industyissness line) from one
period to another depending on _uctuations in prices on the energy market.

An energy impact is calculated based on the sales of each of the main subsidiaries in Large Industries. Their consolidationvatl the determination of
the energy impact for the Group as a whole. The foreign exchange rate used is the average annual exchange rate for the year N-1

Thus, at the subsidiary level, the following formula provides the energy impact, calculated for natural gas and electricityemtsvely:

Energy impact = Share of sales index to energy year (N-1) x (Average energy price over the year (N) - Average energy price dveryear (N-1)).
Neutralizing the impact of variations in energy prices against sales allows analysis of evolution in revenue on a comparablaiba

Main impact 2016

! Considering the disposal of Aqua! Lung, closed on December! 30, 2016, and the fact that Air! Liquide is considering various aptiom the
divestment of its subsidiary Air! Liquide Welding communicated on December! 15, 2016, Other activities have been reallocatedNet Pro t
From Discontinued Operations in the 2016 Income Statement, in accordance with IFRS5. The 2015 Income Statement has been rested in an
identical manner. Assets and liabilities held for sale have also been reported in a dedicated line in the Balance Sheet.

As a consequence, the comments below concern 2015 restated gures and 2016 data in accordance with IFRSS as stated above.

! Moreover, on account of the October! 1, 2016 operational merger of Industrial Merchant and Healthcare activities of Airgas airdLAquide in the
United States, it is no longer possible to isolate Air!Liquide and Airgas activities as to the former scope. In consequenampawable sales growth for
the fourth quarter 2016 and for full year 2016 in the Americas region results from internal estimates.

The main impact on revenue in 2016 was:

(in!millions of euros) Group Gas!& Services
Revenue 2016 18,135 17,331
2016/2015 published change (in %) +14.6% +17.5%
Signi cant scope impact +2,735 +2,735
Currency impact (210) (203)
Natural gas impact (272) (272)
Electricity impact (84) (84)

2016/2015 comparable change '@ (in %) +0.9% +2.7%

(a) Estimated comparable growth excluding significant scope, currency and energy impact.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

REVENUE
2016/2015

Revenue 2016/2015 comparable
(in!millions of euros) 2015 2016 change change ‘@)
Gas!& Services 14,752 17,331 +17.5% +2.7%
Engineering! & Construction 715 474 -38.8% -38.0%
Global Markets!& Technologies 292 330 +13.2% +13.6%
TOTAL REVENUE 15,819 18,135 +14.6% +0.9%

(a) Excluding significant scope, currency and energy impacts.

Group Excluding Airgas, currency and energy impact, comparable sales

growth in 2016 for the Group was +0.9%. It bene ted from solid growth
Group revenue in 2016 totaled 18,135! million euros, up +14.6% as in Gas! & Services sales although the activity level remained weak in
published compared to 2015, driven by consolidation of Airgas sales Engineering!& Construction in a di¢ult environment.

from May!23, 2016 but penalized by negative currency impact of -1.4%
and by adverse energy impact of -2.2%. Excluding currency and energy
impact, growth stood at +18.2%. In the fourth quarter, the currency and
energy impact reversed, becoming slightly positive, respectively +0.1%
for currency and +0.4% for energy.

Revenue by quarter

(in!millions of euros) QI 2016 Q2 2016 Q3 2016 Q4 2016
Gas!& Services 3,548 4,070 4,783 4,930
Engineering! & Construction 124 130 105 115
Global Markets!& Technologies 65 81 73 111
TOTAL REVENUE 3,737 4,281 4,961 5,156
2016/2015 published change -2.9% 47.9% +25.1% 427.8%
2016/2015 comparable change ‘@ +2.8% +1.3% -0.8% +0.5%
2016/2015 Gas!& Services comparable change '‘@ +4.2% 43.1% +2.0% +1.7%

(a) Excluding significant scope, currency and energy impacts.

AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

Gas!& Services

excluding currency and energy (natural gas and electricity) impact.

Unless otherwise stated, all the changes in revenue outlined below are on a comparable basis: excluding Airgas consolidationpant and

Gas! & Services revenue totaled 17,331! million euros, up +17.5% as published. It bene ted from the consolidation of Airgasssate May!23, 2016
but was penalized by negative currency impact of -1.4% and adverse energy impact of -2.4%. Growth including Airgas, excludimgeacy and energy

impact was +21.3%.

Excluding the Airgas contribution and excluding currency and energy impact, comparable sales growth was +2.7%, driven by ackaicrease in sales in

Large Industries, in Healthcare and in developing economies.

2016/2015
Revenue 2016/2015 comparable
(in!millions of euros) 2015 2016 change change”
Europe 6,749 6,593 -2.3% +2.0%
Americas 3,595 6,230 +73.3% +1.8%
Asia!Paci c 3,850 3,936 +2.2% +4.2%
Middle-East!& Africa 558 572 42.5% +7.6%
GAS!& SERVICES 14,752 17,331 +17.5% +2.7%
Large Industries 5,201 5,037 -3.1% +5.4%
Industrial Merchant 5,229 7,565 +44.7% -1.6%
Healthcare 2,799 3,111 +11.2% +4.9%
Electronics 1,523 1,618 +6.2% +4.3%

(a) Excluding significant scope, currency and energy impacts.

Europe

Revenue from the Europe region totaled 6,593! million euros in 2016,
increasing +2.0% and conrming a progressive recovery. Large
Industries, up +2.6%, was penalized by several temporary customer
maintenance turnarounds. Industrial Merchant sales were stable over
the year, with slight improvement in the fourth quarter and encouraging
signs in the cylinder activity. Healthcare pursued solid development at
close to +4%.

EUROPE GAS & SERVICES 2016 REVENUE

J

Electronics
3%

Large Industries
31%

6,593

Healthcare million euros

35%

Industrial Merchant
31%

| AIR LIQUIDE

Large Industries sales progressed +2.6% in 2016. Demand in
air gases was strong throughout the year. Although rst quarter
revenue bene ted from the ramp-up of the Dormagen HyCO
unit in Germany, the second and third quarters were penalized by
temporary customer maintenance turnarounds. The fourth quarter
bene ted from an exceptional indemnisation related to a customer
contract. Eastern Europe continued to expand, particularly in Russia,
Poland and Turkey.

Industrial Merchant revenue was stable over the year (+0.0%).
Sales were up in Food, Beverage and Pharma markets whereas
the manufacturing sector remained di" cult. Liquid oxygen and
nitrogen volumes were up over the year. At the end of the year, the
small customers market, mainly cylinders, showed encouraging
signs. Sales in Southern Europe, in particular in Iberia, were relatively
strong. Eastern European countries continued their sustained
growth, particularly in Russia and Poland. The price impact in the
region was negative over the year at -0.7% against a backdrop
of quasi-zero in ation and a price decrease for customers with
contracts indexed to energy costs.
! Healthcare posted sustained growth of +3.9% over the year. The
Home Healthcare activity pursued its dynamic organic development
with an increase in the number of patients and an expansion of
its portfolio of therapies treated. The incremental contribution of
small acquisitions was relatively low in 2016. In Medical Gases for
hospitals, pricing pressure continued to penalize revenue. Sales in
Hygiene and Specialty Ingredients activities grew signi cantly.

! Electronics revenue was down -6.0% over the year, penalized by
Equipment!& Installation sales which were down -17%.

Americas

Gas! & Services revenue in the Americas region totaled 6,230! millions
euros in 2016, up +77.8% excluding currency and energy impact; and
up +1.8% excluding Airgas. Driven by start-ups, sales were up strongly
in Large Industries, with solid volumes, whereas they remained down
in Industrial Merchant in North America, as manufacturing output and
construction remained slow in the United States and Canada. Business
continued to expand dynamically in South America, in particular in
Large Industries and Healthcare.

AMERICAS GAS & SERVICES 2016 REVENUE

Electronics
6%

Healthcare w
9%

6,230

million euros

Large Industries
21%

Industrial Merchant J
64%

! Large Industries posted strong growth in sales, up at +7.4% over
the year, in particular driven by the ramp-up of several units in the
United States and South America. Air gases volumes rose sharply.
The commissioning of the hydrogen cavern at the end of the year
reinforced reliability for customers, exibility of production units
for increased e" ciency and allows development of on-demand
hydrogen sales.

! Industrial Merchant was up +153.6% excluding currency impact
over the year, and down -4.2% excluding Airgas, with a second half
to a lesser extent at -2.9%. In North America, sales were penalized
by weak manufacturing activity, notably in the energy, metal
manufacturing and construction sectors. Demand remained strong
in Food, Beverage and Pharma markets. In South America, revenue
increased by more than +10%. The price impact in the region was
positive +2.5% over the year.

2016 Performance

! Healthcare revenue showed strong growth, increasing +73.4%
excluding currency impact for the year and +11.2% excluding impact
of Airgas. Sales in Canada were sustained by solid organic growth
and contribution from acquisitions in Home Healthcare. In South
America, business continued dynamic expansion with double-digit
growth in Brazil and Argentina.

! Electronics sales presented an evolution of -1.6% in 2016. Following
growth at +3.2% in the rst half, driven in particular by high
Equipment! & Installation sales, revenue was down in the second
half due to a sharp fall in Equipment! & Installation sales in the fourth
quarter.

Asia!Paci c

Revenue in the Asia!Paci c region increased +4.2% in 2016 and reached
3,936! million euros, driven notably by Large Industries and Electronics.
Performance was contrasted by country: sales in China climbed +7.8%
over the year, with solid contribution from all activities; Japan bene ted
at the end of the year from improvement in Industrial Merchant but was
penalized by weaker Electronics sales.

ASIA PACIFIC GAS & SERVICES 2016 REVENUE

Large Industries
36%

Electronics

3,936

million euros

Healthcare BS
5%
\ Industrial Merchant

32%

! Large Industries sales progressed +5.4% over the year, driven by
the ramp-up of units, in particular in China and a start-up in Australia
in the third quarter. Sales in the fourth quarter were penalized by
several temporary customer maintenance turnarounds.

! Industrial Merchant revenue posted a slight decline of -0.7% in
2016, with the fourth quarter presenting slightly positive growth.
Performance was contrasted by country. Sales in China posted
solid growth over the year, with double-digit growth for liquid gas and
cylinder volumes in the fourth quarter. In Japan, sales were down over
12!months but presented slight growth in the second half. Business
in Australia returned to growth in the fourth quarter. Performance in
South East Asia remained irregular. The price impact was negative in
the region, at -0.3% over the year.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

! Electronics sales were up +8.6% in 2016, with contrasted
performance over the year. Revenue was up +17.7% in the rst
half, driven by double-digit growth in China, Japan, Singapore and
South Korea; all business lines contributed to growth, in particular
Advanced Materials and Equipment! & Installation! (E&I). In the
second half, sales remained slightly up but were penalized by a drop
in the E&I activity after several very dynamic quarters and by weaker
sales of electronics speciality materials after a period of marked
increase. It should be noted that the price of neon was exceptionally
high in the fourth quarter of 2015. Sales of carrier gases were strong,
up more than +5%, reinforced notably by the start-up of several units
in Singapore, China and Japan over the year. Advanced Materials
continued their strong double-digit growth in 2016.

Middle-East and Africa

Revenue from the Middle East and Africa region totaled 572! million
euros, up +7.6%. During the rst quarter, sales bene ted from the nal
contribution of the ramp-ups of two large-scale hydrogen production
units in Yanbu in Saudi Arabia which had started-up in the second
quarter of 2015; conversely, fourth quarter sales were penalized by the
scheduled customer maintenance turnaround which lasted four weeks.
Business was dynamic in Egypt where sales were boosted by the
pre-loading of a Large Industries production unit and the development of
the Industrial Merchant activity with glassmaking and steel customers.
South Africa grew in Large Industries. Healthcare continued to grow in
the region.

Engineering!& Construction

Engineering! & Construction revenue totaled 474! million euros, down
-38.0% as compared with 2015. It was aécted by the slowdown in
major energy-related projects and the low number of new projects in a
still di"cult global environment.

Total order intake reached 389! million euros, a decrease as compared
with 936! million euros in 2015. The vast majority of projects concerned
Air Separation Units (ASU).

Global Markets!& Technologies

Global Markets! & Technologies revenue was up +13.6% at 330! million
euros. Sales were signi cant in the space, maritime and biogas sectors.

Total order intake saw spectacular growth and reached 405! million
euros in 2016.

AIR LIQUIDE

OPERATING INCOME RECURRING

Operating Income Recurring before depreciation and amortization
totaled 4,611!million euros, up +9.4% as published compared to 2015 and
up +10.9% excluding currency impact, re ecting the integration of Airgas
over seven months in 2016.

Purchases increased by +13.6%, at a slightly lower rate than published
sales growth of +14.6%. Personnel costs and other expenses grew at

a faster rate than sales (+19.6%), mainly due to the change in business
mix. Indeed, Industrial Merchant, which now accounts for close to half of
sales, requires more sta# than other activities such as Large Industries.

Over the year, e" ciencies totaled 315! million euros, exceeding the
annual objective of more than 250!million euros. They represent savings
of 2.7% of the cost basis. Slightly less than half correspond to logistics
and industrial gains: these include optimizing operations at plants linked
to the pipeline network, improving plant reliability, launch of the remote
operation and optimization center in France and logistics e"ciencies
in a context of lower consumption by Industrial Merchant customers.
Purchasing e" ciencies account for approximately one-third of the total.
They are mainly related to gains on energy and Home Healthcare in
Europe. The remaining e" ciencies include the ects of realignment
plans in several countries, notably in Engineering! & Construction.
Industrial Merchant is the business line which generates the most
e" ciencies, accounting for 36% of the total.

The rst Airgas synergies, notably with the operational merger of
Industrial Merchant and Healthcare activities in the United States since

1 October! 2016, materialized. They represent 45! million US dollars,
divided into four main categories: cylinder operations which concern site
closures and restructuring, liquid gas operations which are optimized
from gas sourcing to delivery logistics to customers, review of process
and procurement, and back-o" ce.

Depreciation and amortization reached 1,587! million euros, up +16.8%
and +18.1% excluding currency impact, in particular due to start-ups
during the year, the integration of Airgas and additional depreciation and

amortization of intangible assets resulting from the Airgas acquisition.

The Groups operating income recurring (OIR) reached 3,024! million
euros in 2016, an increase of +5.9% over 2015, or +7.5% excluding
currency impact. Operating margin (OIR to revenue) evolved from 18.1%
in 2015 to 16.7% in 2016, re ecting the new business mix following the
integration of Airgas. Excluding energy impact, the operating margin
was 16.4%.
Gas!& Services

Operating income recurring in the Gas! & Services activity amounted
to 3,239! million euros, an increase of +9.4% compared to 2015. The
OIR margin on published revenue stood at 18.7%, re ecting the new
business mix following the integration of Airgas; excluding the energy
impact, the operating margin reached 18.3%.

2016 Performance

GAS & SERVICES 2016 RECURRING OPERATING
INCOME

Middle-East
& Africa

. "

Asia-Paci c

3,239

million euros

Americas /

33%

Gas!& Services Operating margifi 2015 2016
Europe 19.6% 20.0%
Americas 23.5% 17.3%
Asia!Paci c 18.2% 18.5%
Middle East and Africa 15.9% 19.9%
TOTAL 20.1% 18.7%

(a) Operating income recurring/revenue, as published figures.

Operating income recurring in Europe was 1,319! million euros, down
slightly (-0.5%) from 2015. Excluding energy impact, the operating
margin was down by -30!basis points and stood at 19.3%. This result can
be mainly explained by Industrial Merchant activity with volumes down
in cylinder activity in certain countries; @iencies partially o#et the
slightly negative price e#ct.

Operating income recurring in the Americas reached 1,076! million
euros, an increase of +27.7%. The operating margin, excluding energy
impact, was down -630! basis points to 17.2%. It re ects the change in
business mix following the acquisition of Airgas with reinforcement
of the relative weight of Industrial Merchant. Signi cant work on xed
costs is underway in the United States as a result of divestitures made
in connection with the acquisition of Airgas and the operational merger
of activities in October.

In the Asia! Paci c region, operating income recurring amounted to
730!million euros, an increase of +4.0%. The operating margin, excluding
energy impact, was stable at 18.2%. The improvement of the margin
in Electronics, bene ting in particular from a favorable business mix,
enabling to o#set the decrease in prices of certain products in Industrial
Merchant.

Operating income recurring in the Middle East and Africa region
amounted to 114! million euros, a signi cant increase of +28.3%. The
operating margin, excluding energy impact, increased by +430! basis
points to 20.2%. It incorporates an exceptional pro t linked to a customer
indemnisation.

Engineering!& Construction

Operating income recurring for Engineering! & Construction was
5.1! million euros and 1.1% of revenue, penalized by limited activity in a
still di"cult environment. The Groups mid-term target range remains
between 5% and 10%.

Global Markets!& Technologies

Operating income recurring from Global Markets! & Technologies
was 34! million euros, slightly down from 36! million euros in 2015.
The operating margin was 10.3%. The margin level for this activity is
dependent on the nature of the projects carried out during the period
and may vary quite markedly from one year to the next.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

Research!and Development and corporate costs

Research! and Development (R&D) and corporate costs included the
intersectoral consolidation adjustments and amounted to 254! million
euros, up +22.5% as compared to 2015. The evolution in R&D and
corporate costs accounts for two-thirds of this increase, the remainder
being due to currency e#ects and consolidation adjustments.

NET PROFIT

Other operating income and expenses showed a positive balance of
35.6! million euros. The capital gain on the divestitures pursuant to the
American anti-trust authorities (FTC) relative to the Airgas acquisition
compensates all one-o# costs of the year related to the acquisition
and integration of Airgas, as well as other one-o# costs such as those
relating to realignment plans realized in defent countries for more than
60!million euros.

The nancial result of -403!million euros was +54.1% higher as compared
with 2015. Net nance costs were up +74.5% due to the nancing of the
Airgas acquisition. Nevertheless, the average cost of net debt was 2.9%,
decreasing as compared with 3.7% in 2015. It re ects the mix between
the nancing of the Airgas acquisition realized at a historically low rate,
nancing in strong currencies for which interest rates have continued
to decrease and in currencies of developing economies where
interest rates remain high. The decrease in other nancial income
and expenses is mainly due to foreign exchange gains on nancing
transactions, in particular relating to the acquisition of Airgas.

The capital gain on divestitures requested by the American anti-trust
authorities (FTC) within the framework of the Airgas acquisition also
allows an o#set of approximately 30! million euros of non-recurring
nancial expenses.

Taxes totaled 747!million euros, up +13.0%. Thee#tive tax rate over the
year was 28.2%, greater than the 2015 rate (26.8%). This rate re ects the
mix between a low rate (23.8%) in the rst half of 2016 which includes
exceptional items (tax gains relating to the implementation of a decision
by the European Court of Justice and favorable evolution of several tax
audits) and a higher rate in the second half (31.3%) due to exceptional
items relating to the Airgas acquisition.

The share of pro t of associates contributed 6.6! million euros. Minority
interests were globally stable at 82.7!million euros.

AIR LIQUIDE

Net pro t from discontinued operations reached 11.1!million euros in 2016,
a decrease as compared with 14.6!million euros in 2015. The capital gain
on the disposal of Aqua!Lung o#et the provisions made for the Welding
activity in light of preparing the divestment.

Overall, net pro t (Group share) amounted to 1,844!million euros in 2016,
up +5.0% as compared with 2015.

After taking into account the dilution impact of the capital increase, net
earnings per share were 5.11 !euros, up +2.4% compared with 4.99!euros
per share in 2015. It may be noted that net earnings per share for
previous scal!years have been restated for the impact of the preferential
subscription rights allocated to Group shareholders as part of the
3.3!billion euro capital increase carried out in September!to nance the
Airgas acquisition. The average number of outstanding shares used for
the calculation of net earnings per share as of December!31, 2016 was
360,751,910.

Change in the number of shares

2015 2016

Average number of

outstanding shares ‘ 351,963,761 360,751,910
(a) Used to calculate earnings per share; 2015 figure restated for the impact of
the preferential subscription rights allocated to shareholders as part of the

capital increase.

Number of shares as of December!31, 2015 344,163,001
Capital increase 43,202,209
Options exercised during the year 511,408
Capital issue for employees 999,143
NUMBER OF SHARES

AS OF DECEMBER!31, 2016 388,875,761

DIVIDEND

At the Annual General Meeting on May!3, 2017, the payment of a dividend
of 2.60 euros per share will be proposed to shareholders for scal year
2016. Taking into account the restatement related to the rights issue,
the dividend represents an increase of +2.7% Total estimated pay-out
taking into account share buybacks and cancellations will amount to
1,032!million euros, representing a pay-out ratio of 56%.

The ex-dividend date is scheduled for 15 May 2017 and the payment is
scheduled for 17 May 2017.
2016 Cash Flow and Balance Sheet

2016 Performance

bn
(in!millions of euros) 2015 2016
Cash ow from operating activities before change in working capital 3,149 3,523
Change in working capital requirement (258) 331
Other items (59) (158)
Net cash — ow from operating activities 2,832 3,696
Dividends (975) (1,019)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of disposals ‘@ (2,292) (13,609)
Increase in share capital 86 3,361
Purchase of treasury shares (178) 4
Impact of exchange rate changes and net indebtness of newly consolidated companies & others (405) (563)
Change in net indebtedness (932) (8,129)
Net indebtedness as of December!31 (7,239) (15,368)
Debt-to-equity ratio as of December!31 57% 90%

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Cash ow from operating activities before changes in working capital
requirements amounted to 3,523!million euros, up +11.9% as compared
with 2015. This amount corresponded to 19.4% of Group revenue.

Net cash ow from operating activities after changes in working capital
requirements amounted to 3,697!million euros, up +30.5% as compared
with 2015 and reached 20.4% of sales. This performance is the result of
measures taken to reduce working capital requirements.

CHANGES IN WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

The working capital requirements (WCR) decreased by 331! million
euros in 2016. This amount includes the change in the WCR of Airgas;
it excludes, owever, the scope e#ect which was reallocated to
Acquisition of consolidated companies and nancial assets .

Group gross capital expenditure

The improvement in WCR comes from Gas! & Services, the WCR of
Engineering!& Construction presented an increase linked to the cycle of
projects. The decrease in WCR is mainly due to the decrease in trade
receivables due to factoring measures, a decrease in late payments
for certain customers and an improvement in North America due to
greater pro ciency in using the new ERP which was rolled out in 2015.
The working capital requirements stood at 7.2% of sales, based on
annualized Airgas revenue, a decrease compared with the ratio of 8.0%
at the end of 2015 (following IFRS!5). This performance is mainly due to
measures implemented to reduce trade receivables which greatly o#set
the integration of Airgas whose activity requires WCR higher than Group
average.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In 2016, gross capital expenditures totaled 14,439! million euros,
including transactions with minority shareholders. This amount includes
12,004! million euros in nancial investments relating to the Airgas
acquisition.

Total capital

(in!millions of euros) Industrial investments Financial investments expenditures
2011 1,755 103 1,858
2012 2,008 890 2,898
2013 2,156 401 2,557
2014 1,902 273 2,175
2015 2,028 395 2,423
2016 2,259 12,180 14,439

(a) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

AIR LIQUIDE
2016 Performance

Proceeds from the sale of xed assets, for a total of 830! million euros,
mainly relate to the divestments requested by the American anti-trust
authorities (FTC) as part of the Airgas acquisition for 424! million euros
after tax and the after-tax disposal of Aqua!Lung for 229!million euros.

Thus, net capital expenditures, including the buyout of minority
shareholders, amounted to 13,609! million euros, of which 11,580! million
euros in nancial investments linked to the acquisition of Airgas, net of
disposals.

Gross industrial investments by geographical region

Industrial investments

Gross industrial capital expenditures for the Group amounted to
2,259! million euros in 2016, up +11.4% compared with 2015. Airgas
investments accounted for the vast majority of this increase.

Gas!& Services

Middle East
(in!millions of euros) Europe Americas Asia!Pacic and Africa Total
2015 549 731 475 129 1,884
2016 566 737 599 155 2,057

Financial investments

Financial investments amounted to 12,180! million euros, including
minority interest transactions of 15!million euros. This amount included
12,004!million euros related to the Airgas acquisition.

NET INDEBTEDNESS

Net indebtedness as of December! 31, 2016 stood at 15,368! million
euros, up 8,129! million euros compared with the end of 2015 and down
4,492!million euros compared with the end of June!2016.

The increase in debt during the rst half was mainly due to the nancing
of the Airgas acquisition which was completed May!23, 2016 (value of
shares for 10.7! billion US dollars), the re nancing of part of Airgas debt
(for 0.9!billion US dollars) and the consolidation of Airgas non-re nanced
debt (1.8!billion US dollars).

1 AIR LIQUIDE

The very good level of cash ow during the second half of the year and
the capital increase with preferential subscription rights carried out in
September! 2016 contributed 4,492! million euros for the reduction in
debt during the second half.

The debt-to-equity ratio reached 90% at the end of December! 2016
(versus 57% at the end of 2015), strongly down compared with the
exceptional level of 151% reached at end of June!2016, ve weeks after
the Airgas acquisition.

ROCE

The Return On Capital Employed after tax was 7.8%. The restated
ROCE, taking into account the acquisition of Airgas for the entire year,
reached 6.9% and 7.1% excluding the currency impact.

The Group con rmed the NEOS objective of returning to a ROCE in
excess of 10% in the next ve to six! years.
Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

) INVESTMENT CYCLE AND FINANCING STRATEGY

The Groups steady long-term growth is largely due to its ability to invest in new projects each year. Investment projecthenitdustrial gas business
are spread throughout the world, highly capital intensive and supported by long-term contracts, in particular for Large Indiestr Air! Liquide has thus
tailored its nancing strategy to the nature of its projects, based on the diversi cation of funding sources, the prudent magement of the balance sheet
and innovative nancing methods. This nancing strategy is fundamental for the Group s continued development.

Investments

OVERVIEW
The Group s investments re ect its growth strategy.
They can be classi ed into two categories:

! industrial investments, which bolster organic growth or guarantee
the e" ciency, maintenance or safety of installations;

! nancial investments, which strengthen existing positions, or
accelerate penetration into a new region or business segment
through the acquisition of existing companies or assets already in
operation.

The nature of the industrial investment diérs from one World Business
Line to the next: from gas production units for Large Industries, to
lling centers, logistics equipment, storage facilities and management
systems for Industrial Merchant, Electronics and Healthcare. Capital
intensity varies greatly from one activity to another.

Capital intensity

Capital intensity is the ratio of capital required to generate one euro of
supplementary revenue, when projects or activities reach maturity. This
capital is either invested in industrial assets (production units, storage
facilities, logistics equipment,!etc.), or used as working capital to nance
the development of the activities.

Capital intensity varies signi cantly from one business line to another:
! in Large Industries:

air gases production has a capital intensity of between 2 and 3. It
varies with the trend in electricity prices,

hydrogen and cogeneration have a lower capital intensity of
between | and 1.5, due to a relatively high proportion of natural gas
in the cost of sales. This capital intensity varies with the trend in
natural gas prices;

! Industrial Merchant capital intensity to launch the activity in a new
market is between 1.5 and 2;

! Electronics has an average capital intensity close to 1;

! Healthcare has a capital intensity, excluding acquisitions, of around 1
depending on the product mix.

Whatever the capital intensity, any project must enable the Group to
achieve its Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) objective over the long
term.

Because of the di#erences in capital intensity among the various Group
activities, OIR margins will vary accordingly.

The Groups capital intensity varies depending on the activity mix,
project type and the price of raw materials.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

The theoretical lifespan of a contract in Large Industries

Long-term development is one of the key characteristics of the industrial gas business. It is particularly evident in the itmest cycle, where there is
approximately a ve-year span between the study of a new construction project for a Large Industries customer and the rst crresponding industrial
gas sales. Monitoring this cycle is essential to anticipating the Group s future growth. The following chart sets out each stag this process.

INVESTMENT CYCLE OF A LARGE INDUSTRIES CONTRACT

Opportunities > Signature > Construction > Revenue
under negotiation
‘e * * © >
12-month portfolio Investment Net capex Start-ups
of opportunities decisions and ramp-ups
100 100 100
50 50 50 50
40
30 I
2015 2016 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 we
« >
5-7 years

Applying a theoretical capital intensity of 2, an investment of 100!million euros in a new project should generate 50 tmoNiathsales per annum, fully ramped-up.

!

Identi cation and Negotiation phase: the project is registered
in the portfolio of investment opportunities and enters into
the development process. Projects exceeding 5! million euros
of investment are monitored within the portfolio of potential
opportunities and split between those for which a decision is
expected within 12! months and those for which the investment
decision will take more than one year. Projects are then discussed
and negotiated with the customer. Contracts can be removed from
the portfolio for several reasons:

1. The contract is signed, it is removed from the portfolio and
therefore becomes an investment decision;

2. The project is abandoned by the customer;

3. The customer decides against an over-the-fence gas supply, or
the project is awarded to a competitor;

4. The project is delayed beyond 12!months: it is removed from the
12-month portfolio but remains in the long-term portfolio.

| AIR LIQUIDE

Signature phase: the two parties reach an agreement. The signing
of a long-term contract represents the business entity s commitment
to an investment decision, once validated by the internal governance
bodies. The project is removed from the portfolio of investment
opportunities and is registered in current investments.

Construction phase: the construction of the unit generally takes
between 12 and 24! months and sometimes up to 36! months

depending on the size of the project. This is the capital expenditure
period The project remains in current investments.

Revenue phase:

1. Commissioning : the unit starts up. Sales begin according to the
needs of the customer and with a guaranteed minimum volume
at the take-or-pay level, guaranteeing minimum pro tability from
the beginning of the contract;

2. Ramp-up : this is the units ramp-up phase. Over the course of
the contract term, volumes increase above the take-or-pay level
to the nominal amount de ned in the contract. Nominal capital
intensity is achieved at the end of this phase.
Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

Governance for a Large Industries project Engineering!& Construction provides the technologies and guarantees
that they are competitive, both overall and speci cally for each project,

Three Air!Liquide entities are at the heart of a Large Industries customer thanks to a good industrial architecture solution. Engineering! &

project, from development through to its execution. Construction is responsible for the technical part of the execution of

the project.
Technology & Execution

Potential projects are identi ed well in advance, based on good market
knowledge and a strong local presence. The rst stage includes
selecting the opportunities in which the Group would like to invest both
commercial and technical resources, in line with its global strategy. This
selection process is followed by a series of validation stages.

Engineering
&
Construction

During the development stage, the project is submitted for the

Customer approval of the geographic region on which it depends. At the Group
; Technical level, two major bodies validate the relevance of the project: the RIC
Delivery tnvese Bosiness prandards (Resources! & Investment Committee! — see below), and the ERC
arkets
supsian’y me Best practices (Engineering Risk Committee) which is responsible for assessing

technical and execution risk.

Once the project has been validated through the decision process,
approved by Air!Liquide and signed with the customer, it is executed
by a team composed of representatives of the investing subsidiary
and of Engineering! & Construction, under the supervision of the
geographic region.

The Large Industries World Business Line ensures the global customer
relationship, provides the required know-how and ensures the overall
consistency of the project, in terms of both contract and technical
standards. It is also responsible for good internal governance practices.

The local subsidiary proposes the development project and, once the
contract has been signed, carries the investment on its balance sheet.
It is then responsible for operations, customer relations and the project s
nancial pro tability.

The type, complexity, geography and size of investment opportunities
have changed signi cantly during recent! years. A dedicated CIG
(Capital Implementation Group) made up of experts strengthens the
team in charge of executing investments.

THE RESOURCES & INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

The purpose of these Committees is to assess and approve requests for investments that have been submitted, as well as medium-and long-term
contractual commitments and Human Resource requirements that may arise therefrom.

They meet regularly (usually once or twice a month) for each hub (Houston, Frankfurt, Shanghai, and Duba ) and World Business (Healthcare,
Engineering!& Construction, Innovation, Digital, Science!& Technologies (IDST)).

Each Committee meeting is chaired by a member of the Executive Committee and brings together business managers concerned by theinvestment,
as well as representatives of the Group Finance Department.

The Committee s decisions are reviewed by Executive Management.

The decision is based on a rigorous assessment of individual projects as well as each projects expected pro tability. The koWing criteria are
systematically reviewed:

! the location of the project: the analysis will take into account whether the project is based in an industrial basin with pbogintial, whether it is
connected to an existing pipeline network, or whether it is in an isolated location;

! the competitiveness of the customer s site: based on size, production process and particularly of their environmental footprimost of raw materials
and access to markets;

! customer risk;

! contract clauses;

! end products and the stability of future demand for these products;

! quality of the technical solution;

! country risk: evaluated on a case-by-case basis and can lead to changes in the nancing policy and supplementary insurance coer;

! Corporate Social Responsibility criteria, in particular relating to greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, and relationth local communities.

Following approval by the RIC and signing with the customer, the project is transferred to the Current investment category.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

During the start-up of a unit, responsibility for the project is transferred
to the local operational teams, under strict standards to ensure the site s
security and integrity. The local subsidiary manages the unit, and the
nancial performance review is undertaken by the Group and Regions
Operations Control.

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES

As of December!31, 2016, the 12-month portfolio of opportunities totaled
2.2! billion euros, down 400! million euros as compared to the end of
2015! and stable since the end of June! 2016. New projects entering
the portfolio partly o#et those signed by the Group, awarded to the
competition or delayed. In a context of continuing low energy prices,

INVESTMENT CYCLE DEFINITIONS

certain customers have postponed their decisions. The global portfolio,
which includes projects that may be signed before or after 12!months,
remains solid between 4.5!and 5!billion euros.

Developing economies represent half of the portfolio, down when
compared with the breakdown as of December!31, 2015, new projects
being mainly located in mature geographic regions. North America is
the rst geographic region for investment opportunities, followed by
Europe, South America and China.

Half of the portfolio of opportunities corresponds to projects with
investments of less than 50! million euros and only a few projects are
greater than 100! million euros. The average size of projects is more
modest, thus contributing to a better distribution of risk.

Investment opportunities at the end of the period

Cumulative value of investment opportunities taken into account by the Group for a decision within the next 12!months. Indlgiwdjects generating

revenue of >5! million euros for Large Industries and >3! million euros for other business lines. Includes replacement assets elhdiency projects.

Excludes maintenance and security-related investments.

Decisions during the period

Cumulative value of industrial and nancial investment decisions. Growth and non-growth industrial projects, including rephaert, e" ciency,

maintenance and security assets. Financial decisions (acquisitions).

Current investments at the end of the period =‘

Cumulative value of investments for projects that have been decided but not yet started up. Industrial projects of >10!mithiows, including replacement

assets ande" ciency projects, excluding maintenance and security, alone.

Future revenue

Cumulative value of forecast annual revenue, generated by current investments at the end of the period, fully ramped-up.

(a) Different from construction in progress (see note! 13.1 to the consolidated financial statements on page!270) withoutdlteshactivity criteria.

INVESTMENT DECISIONS
AND INVESTMENT BACKLOG

In 2016, excluding the Airgas acquisition, industrial and nancial
investment decisions reached 2.2!billion euros.

Industrial investment decisions represented more than 90% of
this amount and were greater than in 2015. Industrial Merchant
represented more than 35% of investment decisions following
the integration of Airgas, Large Industries approximately 30%,
Healthcare 15%, with the remainder in Electronics and Global
Markets!& Technologies.

AIR LIQUIDE

Industrial decisions in 2016 concerned projects located in Europe for
more than 40%, in the Americas for one-third, in Asia!Paci c for one- fth
and Middle East & Africa for the balance.

Excluding the acquisition of Airgas, nancial investment decisions
reached approximately 200! million euros in 2016, a decrease of
300! million euros as compared with 2015. These decisions mainly
included small acquisitions in Home Healthcare and Industrial
Merchant.
The total investment backlog amounted to 2.1! billion euros, a decrease
as compared with 2.3! billion euros at the end of 2015. This change is
explained by the start-up of several units, in particular in Brazil, the United

Investment decisions

Industrial investment

Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

States, Australia and Singapore. The investment backlog should lead to
a future contribution to revenue of approximately 0.8! billion euros per
year after full ramp-up.

Financial investment Total investment

(in!billions of euros) decisions decisions (acquisitions) decisions

2012 2.0 0.9 2.9

2013 2.2 0.5 2.7

2014 1.9 0.2 2.1

2015 1.9 0.5 2.4

2016 2.0 12.2 14.2
START-UPS

In 2016, 14!new units started up: ve units in the Americas region and one in Australia, four ultra-pure nitrogen produatitsnfor Electronics in China,
Japan and Singapore, three units for Industrial Merchant in Asia. The hydrogen storage cavern in the United States was also conissioned.

Financing Strategy

The nancing strategy is regularly reviewed to best provide support to
the Group s development and take into account the evolution in nancial
market conditions, while respecting a credit pro le compatible with a
minimum long-term rating in category A by rating agencies Standard! &
Poor s and Moody s. This credit pro le is measured in particular by ratios
of net debt-to-equity and cash ow from operating activities before
changes in working capital requirements to net debt.

Following the acquisition of Airgas, and as was expected, Air! Liquide s
long-term credit rating was downgraded two notches, from A+ to
A-, by Standard! & Poors on May! 24, 2016. With this acquisition and
in preparation of its funding, it was decided to add the long-term credit
rating of a second rating agency, Moody s. The long-term credit rating
attributed to Air!Liquide by Moody s is A3 , the equivalent of Standard!&
Poors A-. Both agencies have removed their negative watch and
upgraded their outlook to stable. Moreover, the short-term credit ratings
have been downgraded one notch, from Al to A2 and from P1 to P2.

In 2016, the existing principles of prudence were maintained:

! pursuing the diversi cation of nancing sources and spreading of
debt maturities in order to minimize re nancing risk;

! backing commercial paper issues with con rmed credit facilities;

! hedging interest rate risk to ensure visibility of nancing costs, in line
with long-term investment decisions;

! funding investments in the currency of the operating cash ows, to
ensure a natural currency hedging;

! a permanent centralization of funding and excess cash through
Air!Liquide Finance, a wholly-owned entity of L %Air!Liquide!S.A.

The net debt-to-equity ratio is under control at90% at the end of
2016 (as compared with 57% at the end of 2015). This evolution is due
to the nancing of the Airgas acquisition. The equivalent ratio calculated
using the American method of net indebtedness!/ (net indebtedness

+ shareholder equity) reached 47% at the end of 2016, as compared
with 36% at the end of 2015. The nancial expenses coverage ratio
(operating income + share of pro t of associates)!/ (net nance costs)
decreased to 7.9 in 2016 as compared with 12.2 in 2015.

DIVERSIFYING FINANCING SOURCES

Air! Liquide diversi es its nancing sources by accessing various debt
markets: commercial paper, bonds and banks.

In 2016, capital markets were used, moreover, with a capital increase, as
part of the Airgas acquisition.

Air! Liquide uses the short-term commercial paper market, in
France, through two French Commercial Paper programs of up to
an outstanding maximum of 3! billion euros each, and in the United
States through a US Commercial Paper program (USCP) of up to an
outstanding maximum of 1.5!billion US dollars.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
. “VC ¢ © +] Votre
Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

Air! Liquide also has a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program to
issue long-term bonds of up to an outstanding maximum amount of
12!billion euros. As of the end of 2016, outstanding bonds issued under
this program amounted to 8.1! billion euros (nominal amount). The
Groups EMTN program allows, in particular, for bonds to be issued in the
principal currencies (euro, US dollar, Japanese yen) as well as in other
currencies (Chinese renminbi, Swiss franc, pound sterling and ruble).

Thus, in 2016, under its EMTN program, the Group conducted two
public bond issues for an amount of 300! million euros in April! and
3.0!billion euros in June. Both of these issues enabled the Group to meet
its nancing needs and, for the June!issue, equally to reimburse a portion

of the bridge loan contracted for the Airgas acquisition. To complete the

re nancing of the Airgas acquisition, these issues were accompanied,

in September, by a bond issue of 4.5!billion US dollars in 144A format, a
public American format for which securities issued are not registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).

As of December!31, 2016, funding through capital markets accounted for
90% of the Group s total gross debt, for an amount of bonds outstanding
of 14.6! billion euros, across all programs, and 0.6! billion euros of
commercial paper. The total amount of bonds outstanding includes the

ve Airgas issues, previous to the acquisition, for a total of 1.55!billion US

Net Indebtedness by Currency

2015 2016
Euro 24% 25%
US dollar 44% 59%
Japanese yen 9% 4%
Chinese renminbi 12% 5%
Other 11% 1%
TOTAL 100% 100%

Investments are generally funded in the currency in which the cash ows

are generated, creating a natural currency hedge. As of December! 31,
2016, to improve the balance between the weight of debt in US dollars
and that of cash ows in this currency for the entire Group, the Airgas
acquisition was nanced in euros (6.3! billion euros) and US dollars
(4.5! billion US dollars). Air! Liquides indebtedness is thus principally
denominated in euros and US dollars. The debt denominated in Chinese
renminbi has decreased, following the repayment of the rst tranche of
the September! 2011 bond issue, which was partially re nanced. The
debt denominated in Japanese yen has decreased, also following the

dollars (equivalent to 1.5!billion euros), guaranteed by L %Air!Liquide!S.Aepayment of a local loan and the August! 2012 private placement of

on May!23, 2016.

The Group also raises funds through bank debt (loans and credit
facilities).

To avoid liquidity risk relating to the renewal of funding at maturity, and
in accordance with the Groups internal policy, the Group aims to limit its
short-term debt maturities to an amount which is covered by committed
credit facilities. As of December! 31, 2016, the amount of committed
credit facilities totaled 3.1!billion euros, as compared with 2.6!billion euros
as of December! 31, 2015. In December! 2016, certain bilateral credit
facilities were renewed, their amount increased by 185! million euros.
New contracts were, also, signed for an amount of 350! million euros,
taking the total amount of bilateral credit facilities to 1.8! billion euros.
Moreover, the Group has a syndicated credit facility of 1.3! billion euros,
which reaches maturity in November!2020.

As of December! 31, 2016, the amount of debt maturing in 2017 was
2.0!billion euros.

The bridge loan, signed on December! 17, 2015, to nance the Airgas
acquisition as closed on May! 23, 2016, was drawn up to 11.6! billion
US dollars, and re nanced in June! by a 3.0! billion euro bond issue, in
September!by a 4.5!billion US dollar bond issue (equivalent of 4.3!billion
euros), in October!by a 3.3!billion euro capital increase with retention of
preferential subscription rights, and the balance by the asset divestitures

as requested by the American anti-trust authority (FTC), as part of the
Airgas acquisition.

AIR LIQUIDE

13.5! billion Japanese yen, which had reached maturity, both of which
were not replaced.

CENTRALIZATION OF FUNDING AND EXCESS
CASH

To bene t from economies of scale and facilitate capital markets
nancing (bonds and commercial paper), the Group uses a dedicated
subsidiary, Air!Liquide Finance. As of December!31, 2016, this subsidiary
centralized the vast majority of the Groups nancing transactions. This
centralization continued in 2016, in particular for the nancing of Airgas
in the United States. It also hedges currency, interest rate and energy risk
for the Group s subsidiaries in those countries where it is permitted by law.

In the countries where local regulations permit, Air! Liquide Finance also
centralizes cash ow balances through direct or indirect daily cashpooling

of these outstanding balances or through term loans. When this method

is not possible, there exist, nonetheless, local cashpoolings which allow
periodic intercompany loans to Air! Liquide Finance. In 2016, Air! Liquide
Finance included the US dollar in its daily cashpooling in Europe.

As of December! 31, 2016, Air! Liquide Finance had granted, directly
or indirectly, the equivalent of 17.3! billion euros in loans and received
4.9! billion euros in excess cash as deposits. These transactions
were denominated in 26 currencies (primarily the euro, US dollar,
Japanese yen and Chinese renminbi) and extended to approximately
240!subsidiaries.
Due to the currency matching within Air! Liquide Finance, resulting
from the currency hedging of intra-group loans and borrowings, these
internal nancing transactions do not generate a foreign exchange risk
for the Group.

Furthermore, the purpose of the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) covering OTC ( Over the Counter ) derivatives is to
improve the transparency of OTC markets and reduce the systemic risk
of nancial markets. It applies to all derivative transactions carried out by
entities within the European Union.

Pursuant to this regulation which came into force in August! 2012,
Air! Liquide Finance! S.A., the Groups centralizing entity for nancial
transactions, continues to be classi ed as a non- nancial counterparty
(NFC-), since the transactions were still below the clearing thresholds
at the end of 2016. It is thus required to apply risk mitigation measures
and report all its derivative transactions to the chosen trade repository,
DTCC, in accordance with the technical standards published by
ESMA. The mandatory reporting arising from the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act
of the United States is also centralized via the DTCC .

Furthermore, in certain speci c cases (e.g. regulatory constraints, high
country risk, joint ventures,!etc.), the Group limits its risk by setting up
speci c nance in the local banking market, and by using credit risk
insurance.

DEBT MATURITY AND SCHEDULE

In order to minimize the re nancing risk related to the debt maturity
schedules, the Group diversi es nancing sources and spreads
maturity dates over several! years. This re nancing risk is also reduced
by the regularity of the cash ow generated from Group activities.

The average of the Group s debt maturity is 6.2!years, as of December!31,
2016, an increase as compared with December! 31, 2015 due to the
issues which permitted the Airgas re nancing: in ve tranches ranging
from two to 12! years, of an average length of 7.3! years, for the euro-
denominated issue and in ve tranches ranging from three to 30! years,
of an average length of 10.6!years, for the US dollar-denominated issue.

The following chart represents the Groups debt maturity schedule. The
single largest annual maturity represents approximately 12% of gross
debt.

Investment cycle and! _nancing!strategy

DEBT MATURITY SCHEDULE (in millions of euros)

ST

2027 & 2028 I i
2026 2.7
2025 19.1
2024 82.0
2023 83.4
2022 78.8
2021 96.3
2020 95.0
2019 136.9
1,584.0

2018 470.7

2017 TE 4029
0 200 400 600 800 1,000 1,200 1,400 1,600 1,800 2,000 2,20

@ Bonds and private placements
@ Bank debt and nance leases
© Commercial paper

© US Commercial paper

BANK GUARANTEES

The Groups subsidiaries grant bank guarantees essentially in favor of
Engineering! & Construction and Healthcare customers either during
the tender period (bid bond), or after contract award, during contract
execution until the end of the warranty period (advance payment bond,
retention bond, performance bond, and warranty bond).

The most common bank guarantees extended to customers to secure
the contractual performance are advance payment guarantees and
performance guarantees.

In the Groups ordinary course of business, certain subsidiaries are
required to provide nancial payment guarantees to secure rental or
insurance obligations.

The projects, for which these guarantees are granted, are regularly
reviewed by management and when guarantee payment calls become
probable, the necessary provisions are recorded in the consolidated
nancial statements.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Innovation

) INNOVATION

Innovation is one of the pillars of the Group s strategy. Innovating enables Air!Liquide to ensure its competitiveness, open up

new markets

and to create new growth opportunities. As part of its customer-centric transformation strategy in the NEOS company program, op en

innovation, through external partnerships, represents the predominant path to growth. This innovation for the bene

t of customers, as

part of an open ecosystem, focuses on usages and is supported by technologies.

Innovation to support competitiveness and growth

Almost 5,700 employees
approach which leverages:

contribute to the Groups innovation

! science,
Molecules (oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, CQ!etc.) which embed the
Group s scienti c territory!— this is the role of R&D in particular;

with a focus on the knowledge of Essential Small

! technologies, which is the Groups strength and allows science
to be brought to the market, thanks to the R&D and Engineering! &
Construction teams, and to the centers of expertise;

! customer experience, developed by the teams of the World
Business Lines, Digital Transformation, the Groups Information
Systems and i-Lab, with the aim of becoming the leader in customer
experience;

! the incubation of new activities, in the eld of energy transition
and the maritime sector, thanks to Global Markets! & Technologies
with the support of the ALIAD capital venture entity, to accelerate the
development of the Group s o#ers in these new markets.

The operational teams in the 80 countries where the Group operates
are responsible for rolling out innovations on a local basis as soon
as they come on to the market. They also contribute to incremental
innovation on the ground.

The Group s innovation expenses amounted to 288! million euros

in 2016. This amount is slightly higher than that of the past ve! years.
Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD de nition, namely
research and development, market launch and marketing expenses for
new o#ers and products.

The number of patented new inventions _ re ects, in particular, the
Groups innovation capacity. In 2016, almost 300!new inventions were
protected. These are complemented by third-party intellectual
property rights obtained by partnerships which contribute to exploring
new growth opportunities. Air!Liquide has a portfolio of 3,363!inventions
protected by 11,000!patents.

Strengthening the innovation approach for the benefit

of customers
Fe

In 2016, Air! Liquide continued to strengthen its innovation approach
by leveraging its network organization and collective intelligence to
accelerate open innovation.

! Thus Air! Liquides R&D, through the m-Lab (molecule-Lab)
scienti c community, launched a scienti c challenge: theAir!Liquide
Essential Molecules Challenge on three major subjects for the
Group: how to produce hydrogen from water by using solar energy;
how to identify materials for high density storage and the safe supply
of gases; how to produce oxygen and carbon monoxide from CQ
in a sustainable way. Thechallenge s jury, composed of outside
experts and Air! Liquide managers, selected three projects from a
total of 130 scienti c proposals submitted by academic teams, R&D
departments and start-ups from 25 countries. The 2016 winners
were leading scientists from the cole Polytechnique F d rale de
Lausanne in Switzerland, Kyoto University and Nagoya University in
Japan, as well as Paris-Diderot University and the Centre National de
la Recherche Scienti que (CNRS) in France.

1 AIR LIQUIDE

Each team received an award of 50,000 euros and the Group will
also provide 1.5! million euros to fund the collaboration projects
with the winners over two to four! years to transform their scienti c
proposals into innovative market technologies. Given the number
and scienti c quality of the projects submitted, the success of the
Challenge helps strengthen the ties between Air! Liquide and the
international scienti c community.

! In the technology sector, theEngineering! & Construction teams
have contributed to the implementation of new solutions to improve
the energy e" ciency of production units and access new markets,
in particular in Lique ed Natural Gas, driven by the energy transition
and the emissions reduction.
The Gas Packaging Center, which is developing new gas
packaging for the industry and healthcare sectors, continued its
drive to integrate new technologies!— in particular digital!— which are
easy to use, provide traceability and safety, with a pilot efing which

is currently being tested with certain industrial customers.

Based in Vitry-sur-Seine (France), theCryogenic Technologies
Center has launched the rst brazed aluminum exchangers,
which are at the heart of the Groups cryogenic production units.
As a leading cryogenic production technical reference center, its
roles include incubating air gas production technologies with fast
prototyping means, developing and testing these new technologies,
and industrializing innovative and high added-value prototypes
and First-of-Its-Kind. The Cryogenic Technologies Center hosts
Air! Liquides multidisciplinary R&D, Engineering and Operational
teams and leverages external partners to promote innovation and
encourage collaborative working.

The introduction, in 2016, ofeams dedicated to the Digital
Transformation provided all of the Groups World Business Lines
with transversal expertise to help improve the customer experience.
The aim is to transform Air! Liquide s e#ngs in its core business
through new services, and to create new o#erings through building
on data generated in particular by the Group s connected assets.

The Groups Digital Transformation strategy is an integral part of
the open innovation approach and aims to transform the way in

which Air! Liquide manages itassets (production units, storage,
cylinders,! etc.), interacts with iteustomers and patients and
leverages ecosystems (internal communities and external
innovation ecosystems).

In 2016, Air! Liquide had more th@i0,000 connected devices
(Internet of Things) and permanently measures 450,000 points
on 400 production sites.! These connected devices are divided
among the di" erent businesses: healthcare (devices for the
observance of treatments of patients with sleep apnea), industrial
gases (storages) and new markets (remote monitoring of hydrogen
or multi-energy stations and biogas units, !etc.).

Digital Transformation is intrinsically related to the performance
of Information Systems which have, in recent! years, radically
modernized their services, in particular in terms of networks,
data centers, safety, employee work environments and business
solutions. The development of innovative digital applications which
are reliable from the design stage requires, on the one hand, good
integration within the existing information systems, but also a exible
approach to software development to achieve an optimal user
experience.

The Digital Transformation teams also work in close cooperation
withAirgas e-business teams, which are permanently developing
and adapting Airgas e-commerce portal and online gas and related
equipment o#erings.

Innovation

The acquisition of Airgas enables the Group to accelerate
innovation within the customer experience, with ofrs
becoming increasingly adapted to customer and patient usages.
Airgas provides its expertise to the implementation of the customer
experience, thanks to itsmulti-channel approach, its exceptional
customer base and thedensity of its network in the United States.

The Industrial Merchant World Business Line has focused
on improving the customer experience, by continuing to provide
innovative o#erings and services which meet customers new
usages. It aims to leverage Airgas teams to develop a multi-channel
and one-stop shop approach, by o#ering a wide range of safety
supplies and equipment to better meet customers needs.

The Large Industries World Business Line introduced a
dedicated Smart Innovative Operations program to transform
the experience of operators at the Groups production sites and to
provide new services to its customers.

The Electronics World Business Line has focused on the
development of advanced molecules for the semi-conductors,
screens and self-driving car markets, and has innovated with a new
etching material for the manufacturing of chips.

The Healthcare World Business Line, which identi es and
analyzes the latest trends in order to adapt and develop its business
model, continued in 2016 to innovate im-healthcare. It also
continued to develop new digital solutions for doctors (Extranet
for prescribers, for example) and launched a Cardio Pulmonary
Ventilator for emergency services, designed in partnership with
hospital services.

The advanced Business! & Technologies teams aim at opening
new markets relating to the energy transition and developing the
Aerospace, and Extreme Cryogenics markets using core business
technologies. In 2016, the teams contributed tomajor scienti c
projects (ITER and Ariane 6) and continued to develop thNew
Energies activity in the eld obiogas, hydrogen and multi-
energy stations in the drive for clean transportationAir! Liquide
Maritime has strengthened its o#ering for players in the maritime
sector, such as o# shore oil and gas platforms, o#hore wind turbines,
and has innovated in terms of helium storage and thecryogenic
transportation by sea _ of molecules.

In a drive to accelerateopen innovation, thei-Lab (innovation lab)
co-builds new o#ers, products and technologies with the Innovation
entities and the Groups World Business Lines. In 2016, Air! Liquide s
i-Lab launched the collaborative innovation platfornAct for Air
aimed at improving theair quality in cities. Objectives: getting all
relevant stakeholders involved (industrial players, local authorities,
start-ups, scientists, teachers-researchers) in developing innovation
projects, but also allowing these players to cooperate on a project.
The i-Lab has also launched in France, in partnership with Total, the
student competition Boost my Op _ to imagine theoperator of the
future . The aim was to nd new ideas to improve and facilitate the
work of operators at production sites. The proposals chosen could
notably leverage new usages and technological tools to design and
develop the plant of the future .

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Innovation

ALIAD srole is to invest iminority stakes in start-ups, in order
to promote the Groups access to technological innovations
developed outside the Group. It does so by encouraging the setting
up of R&Dand/or business agreements _ between the start-ups
in its portfolio and the Groups entities. The target sectors for these
investments are the energy transition, healthcare and high tech.

In 2016, ALIAD invested, among others,Garmat, a French biomedical
company, to develop together a portable hydrogen fuel cellInpria
which is currently developing a lithography technology for the semi-

conductors industry; Poly-Shape, a European leader in its eld and
specialized in additive manufacturing (3D printing) for aerospace,
automotive and healthcare; Solidia Technologies, a US start-up
which has developed cement that absorbs carbon dioxide (CO,) when
it hardens and thus helps improve the environmental footprint of the
cement industry; andProxem, a semantic analysis software editor for
large volumes of textual data.

ALIAD has made 27 investments since its creation for a total
commitment of more than 66!million euros.

Continuing investments in innovation centers

bn
In 2016, Air!Liquide continueditwest in new innovation centers:

! in February!2016, the Group opened its neWhanghai Research! &
Technology Center (SRTC), after having celebrated the
20"!anniversary of its Engineering! & Construction site in Hangzhou,
highlighting the Groups long-term commitment in China. Located
in the industrial park of Xinzhuang, in Shanghai, this new center will
ultimately house 250 employees, including researchers, customer
application experts and commercial development teams. It will
become a major hub to accelerate the Groups innovation in the
Asia! Paci c region. The center will focus on the energy transition,
the reduction of CO, emissions, wastewater treatment, air quality,
food safety and healthcare. Covering 12,000!m, the center houses
laboratories, 0" ces, a showroom and pilot demonstration platforms
and represents an investment of 25! million euros. The building was
designed in compliance with LEED certi cation (Leadership in
Energy and Environment Design), a global standard in sustainable
building that factors in ecient water management, good use of
energy, and the emissions reduction;

! in April! 2016, Air! Liquide laid the foundations of its fiRamis-
Saclay Research Center . The 15,000! m facility will replace the
existing center and will be home to 350 researchers and experts in
the area of the environment, healthcare and digital solutions
From the early design phase of the project onward, Air! Liquide
has used collaborative tools such as BIM (Building Information
Modeling) for the construction of the building and the co-creation
of workspaces and laboratories with researchers to encourage
interdisciplinary exchanges. With regard to energy and the
environment, the center will implement innovations emerging from
R&D projects, with more than 50% involving renewable energy
sources like solar power and biogas. Consolidating its position at
the heart of scienti c and technological ecosystem of Paris-Saclay,
the center strengthens the Groups open innovation approach and
accelerates the development of new solutions with public academic
partners, private partners, SMEs, and start-ups.

Innovating to contribute to improving air quality

Almost 60% of the Group s innovation expenses _ in 2016 are related
to improving air quality, health and the environmental footprint.

Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD de nition, namely
research and development, market launch and marketing expenses for
new o#ers and products.

Work related to reducing theenvironmental impact mainly included:

! new technology research and development programs which
improve theenergy e# ciency of the Groups production units,
thus reducing the environmental footprint of the Groups activities
and improving that of its customers and partners;

1 AIR LIQUIDE

! all hydrogen production and distribution processes, from
desulfurizing hydrocarbons in re neries to accompanying the
deployment of hydrogen energy;

! capturing and recovering CO,;

! the puri cation of biogas for sale in the form of Bio- and Natural
Gas or as Bio-NGV fuel;

! work onliquid nitrogen-powered cryogenic cooling _ to transport
fresh produce.

Close to 30% of the Group s innovation expenses is dvoted to reducing
CO, emissions (by reducing carbon content of its products or those of
its customers).
Innovation

Healthcare -related innovations include: ! the work on hygiene

nosocomial infections;

and disinfection products to combat

! research and development on medical gases, in particular for
analgesia and in respiratory diseases; ! the development of specialty ingredients and active ingredients

used in cosmetics.
! support for patients throughremote-monitoring platforms;

THE BLUE HYDROGEN ® INITIATIVE

Blue Hydrogen is an Air!Liquide initiative that aims to gradually lower the carbon content of its hydrogen production dedidatethergy applications.
95% of the hydrogen that the Group produces is currently from natural gas. Air!Liquide is committed to increasing by 2020 theqntage of hydrogen
produced for these applications from carbon-free processes, i.e. sources that emit no CQ. The Groups objective is to produce at least 50% of the

hydrogen required by hydrogen energy applications from carbon-free energy sources, by combining:

! the reforming of biogas;

! the use of renewable energies in water electrolysis;

!_ carbon capture and recovery technologies for the CO, emitted during the production of hydrogen from natural gas.

Recognizing the teams that contribute to innovation

The inventiveness of the teams that interact with customers and
patients on a day-to-day basis enables the Air! Liquide Group to
constantly reinvent its business, and to anticipate the challenges of its
markets. The Group has not only implementedinternal programs to
encourage and recognize the talent and expertise of itsexperts
who contribute to innovation, but also, since 2014, the talent of its
internal entrepreneurs.

The recognition of technical expertise is a key factor for innovation.
In 2003, Air!Liquide launche@echnical Community Leaders (TCL),

a promotion and recognition program for the technical eld and for
the expertise of Group employees. Since TCL was created, more
than 3,200! experts have been recognized, thus playing a key role in
sharing expertise, knowledge and technical excellence. In 2016, two
International Fellows, 18!International Senior Experts and 71 !International
Experts from diverse regions of the world (Europe, Asia! Paci c, North
and South America) received recognition.

This community of the Groups technology experts contributes to the
transfer of technical know-how, to the sharing of best practices, and to
the long-term development of the skills that Air! Liquide will need in the
future. This is carried out in close collaboration with the World Business
Lines and R&D which run the communities of experts.

The Groups Inventors Recognition Program, #invent, rewards
the inventors who are responsible for patented inventions that are
successfully marketed, or that give Air!Liquide a competitive advantage.
Moreover, a trophy is awarded for the best invention of the year, selected
among the patent applications led within each World Business Line in
the past two!years, and a bonus to inventors when a patent is delivered.
This program ensures greater responsiveness for rewarding inventors,
and better monitoring of inventionsMore than 2,000!rewards have
been awarded to inventors employed by Air!Liquide since 1997.

Air! Liquide s portfolio has more than 11,000 patents. These patents are
not only from inventions by the Groups R&D employees, but also by
the Engineering! & Construction, Global Markets! & Technologies, and
Operations teams.

In 2016,more than 50% of the new patents registered by the
Group relate to itscore business (gas production and separation
technologies, and its Healthcare business). The geographic spread of
patent applications led in 2016 was as follows: 36% in Europe, 25% in
the Americas, 27% in Asia!Paci c and 12% in Middle-East & Africa.

Air! Liquide also recognizes itsemployee entrepreneurs who
contribute to innovation by imagining new ways of developing
the Groups business. In 2016, Air! Liquide honoredl internal
entrepreneurs who innovated by contributing to themprovement of

the Group scustomer/patient experience.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Innovation

Open innovation, a pillar of the Group s strategy

The dynamic management of interactions between internal
communities and the external innovation ecosystems, known as open
innovation , is a key innovation factor for the Group. Thanks to the
development of a large number of collaborative processes between
its operating and Innovation entities and customers, scienti c partners
and technology institutes, SMEs, suppliers and start-ups, this open

innovation has enabled Air!Liquide to step-up the pace of its innovation.

More than 60% of Research! and Development projects were
conducted as part of partnerships with laboratories, start-ups, industrial
players and customers in 2016.

In Europe, Air! Liquide continued its partnerships with the CNRS and
the CEA as part of long-term strategic agreements and launched new
projects with its partners in Germanythe Freiberg University of
Technology and the Nuremberg-Erlang University.

Initiated by Air! Liquide and French start-up Poly-Shape, specialized
in additive manufacturing, theollaborative project FAIR led to the
creation of a prototype for a more compact, more energy e"cient
and more cost-e# ective reactor-exchanger, for new usages such as
sustainable mobility.

In the United States, Air!Liquide works in partnership with several DoE
laboratories (Department of Energy) and is part of six multi-partner
consortia, in particular the CELDI, led by th€arnegie Mellon
University working on decision-making tools for the optimized
management of production units.

In Healthcare, the Group draws on its partnerships such as with
the Institut du Cerveau et de la Moelle pinire! — Maladies
Neurod g n ratives (Brain and Spine Institute! — Neuronal
Degeneration), and with theUniversity of Montreal on the treatment
and monitoring of patients su#ring from Chronic Obstructive
Pulmonary Disease (COPD).

1 AIR LIQUIDE

Air!Liquide works with 22 research organizations, technology institutes
and universities worldwide, carries out projects with 95 laboratories and
supports three research chairs in France with the cole Centrale Paris,
the cole Mines ParisTech and the Paris Sud University.

In 2016, the i-Lab was a partner in the third edition of thtello
Tomorrow challenge, an international competition for technology
start-ups open to young researchers and entrepreneurs throughout

the world. Air! Liquide, sponsor of their Quality category, took part

in assessing 40 start-ups pre-selected from criteria based on the
proposed technical innovation, the targeted market potential, the
societal impact and the teams pro le. The British start-up White Lab
which developed Sensio Air, a technology for measuring the amount
of allergens in the air to improve the quality of life of allergy-prone
people, was the winner in the Air Quality category. Several of the
Group s experts and managers had the opportunity to have in-depth
discussions with all of the participating start-ups.

In 2016, Air! Liquide organized thSpark Customer Experience
Hackathon in Paris and Philadelphia on four subjects on which the
Group would like to accelerate the transformation of the customer
experience: how to use data visualization to o#r new services to
Large Industries customers, which applications to provide to dental
customers, which services to provide to fuel cell electric vehicle users
in charging stations, and how to improve Airgas customers online
experience. Developers and designers from 19 start-ups took part in
this Hackathon. The winning projects are currently being developed by
the Group with the start-ups in question. Working with start-ups enables
Air!Liquide taccelerate its Digital Transformation andimp _ rove the
customer experience.
Some initiatives launched in 2016

Air! Liquide innovates by developing technologies and services, by
building new business models, and by improving its customer/patient
experience in order to meet their needs and new usages, and pursue its
pro table growth over the long term. The Group innovates for the bene t
of society.

INNOVATING FOR PATIENTS AND HEALTHCARE
PROFESSIONALS

In Healthcare, Air!Liquide has worked in cooperation with the emergency
services at the Centre Hospitalier Annecy Genevois to designCardio
Pulmonary Ventilation (CPV), the rst ventilator speci cally adapted
to cardiopulmonary resuscitation. In France, 50,000 people die
prematurely each year following cardiac arrest and the disability-free
survival rate is less than 5%. Although ventilation is a crucial part of
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR), along with cardiac massage,
a speci cally adapted ventilator which covers complete heart attack
management did not exist. To optimize CPR, this innovation combines
for the rst time on one ventilator continual chest compressions with
e" cient ventilation and speci cally adapted monitoring.

Air! Liquide continued to develop new Home Healthcare services with
the creation of the EXPLOR! Center, a laboratory that evaluates the
medical devices and new technologies used by patients su#ering from
chronic diseases. The center brings together a multidisciplinary team of
Air!Liquide Healthcare experts in the elds of ventilation, sleep disorders,
oxygen-therapy, perfusion and diabetes to evaluate the e# ciency
and comfort of medical equipment.

The Group has continued to roll out digital services to provide better
patient support and better meet the needs of healthcare professionals.
Air! Liquide has thus continued to roll out itebsite dedicated to
sleep apnea in various languages, www.all-about-sleep-apnea.com,
as well as an application and Twitter account to raise awareness among
the general public of this condition which aéts 1% to 6% of the global
population. Anextranet for healthcare professionals has also been
launched, which allows prescribers to monitor their patients treated at
home more e" ciently.

ELECTRONICS: INNOVATIONS TO DECREASE THE
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT OF THE ELECTRONICS
SECTOR

The manufacturing of processors and memory for computers and
smartphones requires large quantities of ultra-pure nitrogen. The
Groups Electronics and Engineering! & Construction teams therefore
created TCN Best Energy, a generation system of ultra-pure nitrogen
which reduces electricity consumption by around 30%. The Group
continued to roll out this agship product in 2016. This nitrogen generator
will mainly be used to fuel Tianma Micro-electronics AMOLED at panel
displays plant in Wuhan, China.

Innovation

In 2016, Air! Liquide also launched nawnovative etching materials

to meet the architectural challenges of increasingly complexchips,
relating to their reduction in size and etching on three sides. The
enScribe ™ product o#ering covers a family of engraving materials for
applications which provide greater technological value in the production
of memory and logic circuits. enScrib™ materials address technical
issues, but also reduce the environmental impact of semi-conductor
manufacturing.

INNOVATING FOR THE BENEFIT OF INDUSTRIES
AND CRAFTSMEN

In 2016, Air!Liquide teamed up with the start-Splidia Technologies

to develop new equipment for carbon dioxide (CQ) injection for
the production of Solidia Concrete ™, Thanks to Solidias patented
processes, that cure concrete with CO, instead of water, this next
generation cement allows the entire industrial chain to reduce the
environmental footprint of the pre-cast concrete by up to 70%. This
breakthrough technology has reduced curing time to less than 24
hours and has lowered water consumption. In addition to capturing
large amounts of CO,, the quality of the concrete is greatly improved.
In addition to supplying the equipment, Air! Liquide will serve as the
worldwide preferred provider of carbon dioxide for use with Solidias
patented processes.

Energy e" ciency and the emissions reduction are two major challenges
for the glass sector, where large amounts of energy are needed to reach
the very high temperatures required to melt glass. Oxycombustion
consists of enriching air with pure oxygen, or even replacing it entirely.
Numerous industrial players in the glass and steel sectors used this
technique to improve their combustion processes, reduce their polluting
emissions and save fuel. Heat oxycombustion is a technology
developed by Air!Liquide that is currently being studied by an increasing
number of glass customers in Europe and China. By extracting heat
from combustion fumes to heat oxygen and fuel, this technology
enhances the performance of the oxycombustion process by 10%
and provides up to 50% energy savings and up to 50% CQ emission
reduction compared to air combustion.

In 2016, Air! Liquide signed contracts for its technology aimed at lead-
free soldering in electronics,Nexelia Cooling Systems in Germany.
Lead-free soldering has become standard practice in electronics, but
requires higher temperatures during the soldering process. Air!Liquide s
technology recycles the cold generated by the vaporization of liquid
nitrogen in the lead-free soldering cooling system and leads to savings
through the reduction of energy consumption, greater stability of the
nitrogen vaporization temperature and a decrease in the environmental
impact of the process.

AIR LIQUIDE
Innovation

Air! Liquide continued toptimize its supply chain in Europe _ thanks
to digital tools. Gas truck delivery rounds were automatically adjusted
using GPS technology and customers provided with a precise delivery
time. Tablets, which Group drivers are gradually being equipped
with, help provide better advice to customers thanks to fully-digital
documentation and simpli ed administrative management of deliveries.

INNOVATING FOR INDUSTRY

Group innovation in the eld of the plant of the future aims in particular
to introduce the latest digital technologies (3D scanning, augmented
reality, touch tablets, video tutorials,!etc.) in the daily work of production
operators. The rst of its kind in the industrial gases sector, the plant of the
future led by Air!Liquide in France was awarded technology showcase
certi cation by the French association Alliance Industrie du Futur in
2016. TheConnect program, as it is known and in which Air! Liquide
decided in 2016 to invest 20! million euros, is part of the Groups Digital
Transformation and relies on the introduction of new technologies in
the daily work performed by the teams. With Connect, Air! Liquide is
creating in France a remote operation and optimization center capable

of commanding and optimizing the production, energy e'ciency
and reliability of 22 production sites in France, as well as performing
predictive maintenance analysis. Connect is part of an open innovation
approach involving the local economy and the French environment for
technology start-ups: it brings together over 100 companies, including
10 French start-ups.

With increasing demand for alternative cleaner energies, the Groups
Engineering! & Construction teams launched a new technology in 2016
in the eld ofnatural gas liquefaction which helps reduce the energy
consumption and emissions of players in the sector. Calleique n™,
this innovation is based on dual mixed refrigerant technology and the
use of brazed aluminium exchangers, as in Air Separation Units. This
technology o#ers the Groups customers the most competitive LNG
(Lique ed Natural Gas) process on the market.

INNOVATION IN TRANSPORT AND STORAGE
FOR MARITIME CUSTOMERS

In 2016, Air! Liquide commissioned a largelium storage facility

in the North Rhine-Westphalia region, in Germany. This new helium
storage facility is a world premiere. Pure helium is stored at 1,300 meters
underground in signi cant volume, in a salt reservoir managed by
Air!Liquide, using natural brine to adjust the storage volume. Air!Liquide
is able to store more than one year of its helium supply at the facility. With
helium being an inert, non-in ammable gas present in very small quantity

in the air, the storage is safe and environmentally neutral. This initiative
will allow Air!Liquide, global leader of the helium market since the Airgas
acquisition, to guarantee its customers a reliable and predictable helium

supply.

AIR LIQUIDE

The Group has rolled out its logistics odring for the maritime market,
using containers that allow the e" cient transportation ofhigh value-
added molecules at very low temperatures, close to absolute zero
for some (helium). These containers draw on the Groups expertise in
cryogenics and guarantee a safe and reliable supply. They are used for
the cryogenic transportation of molecules: helium, argon, carbon dioxide
and Lique ed Natural Gas (LNG). Thdé40 containers are equipped
with a fully-digital management system supervised by dedicated teams
in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and Asia to permanently
control the main parameters such as temperature, position, pressure
and thus optimize the delivery chain.

DEVELOPMENT IN BIOGAS

In 2016, Air! Liquide commissionetven new biogas puri cation
units in Europe. In total, Air! Liquide has designed and rolled out 50
biogas puri cation units worldwide, to transform it into biomethane and
inject it into natural gas networks. The puri cation and recovery of biogas
is a highly promising circular economy which contributes to reducing
greenhouse gases and the zero-emission transport of the future.
Air! Liquide is the global leader in the provision of biogas puri cation
technologies with an installed capacity of 160,000!r4h. The Group has
developed technologies and know-how throughout the biomethane
value chain: puri cation of biogas to produce biomethane, injection into
the natural gas network, liquefaction, distribution for clean vehicle eets.

CONTINUING ROLL OUT OF HYDROGEN
AND MULTI-ENERGY STATIONS

In Denmark, Air!Liquide is a major contributor to HygBalance project,
the aim of which is to construct the largesdecarbonized hydrogen
production unit. HyBalance will be the rst European project to cover
the entire value chain: hydrogen, produced by water electrolysis, will be
mainly used to fuel existing hydrogen charging stations run by Air!Liquide
and more than 60 hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles on the roads.

In 2016, the Group stepped up the opening ofydrogen charging
stations for the general public: in Zaventem,Belgium, where the
hydrogen delivered is produced through electrolysis, a process which
generates no CO, emissions and is part of Air!Liquides Blue Hydrogen
program whose goal is to gradually decarbonize its production of
hydrogen dedicated to energy applications. This station, designed,
installed and run by Air! Liquide, marked the launch of hydrogen as a
clean energy in Belgium. Ifsermany, Air! Liquide, in partnership with
Hyundai, opened a hydrogen station in O#nbach-am-Main, in the
Frankfurt suburbs. InParis, the hydrogen station installed by Air!Liquide
enabled the roll out of the rst eet of hydrogen-powered taxis _ in the
world with around 12 vehicles currently in operation and an additional 60
to be added to the eet in 2017. New charging stations will be deployed in
Paris region in the next two!years. These stations can charge hydrogen-
powered electric vehicles in less than ve minutes for a range of around
500 kilometers.
In logistics, Air!Liquide supplied and operates a hydrogen station to fuel
forklift trucks on site for the company Prelocentre in Saint-Cyr-en-Val
(Orl ans). This site, which prepares and delivers fruit and vegetables for
the Grand Frais stores in western France,is the rst fully-hydrogen
powered logistics platform in Europe with 46 forklift trucks.
Hydrogen energy is a sustainable alternative to traditional forklifts and
answers the major challenges of the logistics sector, by combining
greater exibility with improved productivity.

The Group has continued to roll out its hydrogen distribution
infrastructure and contributes to the development of clean
transportation solutions. To date, more than 75 hydrogen charging

stations have been designed and built by Air!Liquide worldwide.

In 2016, Air! Liquide opened therst clean multi-energy station
dedicated to road transport for goods. This station provides clean
energy, on one site, for the eet of trucks powered by CNG/LNG and
those fueled by nitrogen for the refrigerated transport of Transalliance,
a transportation and logistics company based in Europe. The Group
has also installed a clean multi-energy station for Auchan in the Hauts
de France region.

CONTRIBUTION TO MAJOR INTERNATIONAL
SCIENCE PROJECTS

Air! Liquide has once again been selected to contribute tomajor
scienti c projects worldwide. To obtain the electromagnetic elds
required to con ne nuclear fusion, it is necessary to use superconducting

Innovation

magnets that only work at extremely low temperatures, close to absolute
zero (-273j Celsius). The electrical resistance of the magnets thus falls to

a negligible level, enabling them to carry very high densities of electrical
current. Theinternational ITER project, composed of enormous eld
coils and 10,000 metric tons of magnets, will be cooled using cryogenic
systems supplied by Air!Liquide. Helium refrigeration units, designed by
Air!Liquide s teams, were installed at the ITER site in 2016.

In 2016, Air!Liquide signed several contracts to take part, alongside the
CNES (the French national space agency) and Airbus Safran Launchers
(ASL), in the development of thfuture European launcher Ariane 6,

as well as the design and production of thecryogenic uid systems

of the new Ariane Launcher System (ELA4) of the French Guiana
Space Center (CSG). The contracts for the sale of this equipment,
amounting to more than 100! million euros, will be executed over the
next three! years. The Group will be in charge of cryogenic studies, and
will notably design and manufacture the cryogenic lines of the tanks
of the main and upper stages of the launcher, which contain 175 tons
of liquid hydrogen and oxygen. On the Kourou launch pad in French
Guiana, Air!Liquide was also chosen for the design of equipment for the
distribution of cryogenic uids (oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen and helium).
Global leader in cryogenics for space, Air!Liquide has been supporting
the development of successive generations of Ariane | through Ariane
5 launchers for 50!years, developing innovative cryogenic technologies
and supplying a complete o#er, aboard and on the ground, of high
technology equipment, gases and related services. The Group is also
participating, alongside other players in the European space sector, in
improving the performance and competitiveness of the future Ariane 6
launcher, whose rst test ights will take place in 2020.

Innovation indicators concerning the Group as a whole (a)

As at December!31, 2016

Number of employees working in entities contributing to innovation

5,700

Number of researchers

1,100 researchers of 41 nationalities

Number of R&D sites 9
R&D industrial partners 100
R&D scienti c partners (academic and technology institutes) 117
Number of Global Markets!& Technologies employees 1,600
Number of Engineering!& Construction employees 2,500
Engineering centers 15

Number of employees in other entities contributing to innovation

(a) Excluding Airgas.

500

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Innovation

INNOVATION EXPENSES

280

245

210

175

140

105

70

35

282 288
265 278
252 257
— 235
224 218
~ 190 | |
0 |
2007 2016

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015

M Innovation expenses (in millions of euros)

Patents 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Number of patented inventions 3,215 3,288 3,369 3,200 3,363

New patent applications led during the year 316 321 287 271 296
Percentage of new patents protecting the core

business (within the portfolio) '® 47% 54% 59% 51% 53%

(a) Gas production and separation technologies, and Healthcare activity.

| AIR LIQUIDE

) STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Strategy

For many! years, Air! Liquides growth strategy has been founded on
creating long-term value. To do so, the Group relies on its operational
competitiveness, its targeted investments in growth markets, and
innovation to open new markets and create new opportunities.

Strategy and outlook

The Group is committed to delivering a regular and sustainable
performance for its shareholders and maintaining its strong dividend
pay-out policy year after year. This long-term performance is based
on continuous growth of the industrial gases market worldwide, a
solid business model and a managerial culture founded on consistent
performance.

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE (CAGR) OVER 30 YEARS

! Revenue: +6.0%

! Cash ow from operating activities before changes in working capital: +6.9%

! Net pro t: +7.9%
! Earnings per share": +7.2%

! Dividend per share" +8.2%

(a) Adjusted for the 2-for-1 share split in 2007, for attribution of free shares and for a factor of 0.974 reflecting thef\thkueights of the capital increase completed in October 2016.

(b) Subject to the approval of the Shareholders Meeting on May!3, 2017.

The industrial gases industry has enjoyed steady growth over the
last 100! years due to the ever increasing needs of new and growing
economies, the emergence of new applications supported by
innovation and technological research, and increased customer
outsourcing of gas production. The demand for industrial gas, therefore,
has risen faster historically than industrial production.

The growth rates during the rebound from the 2008-2009 nancial
crisis varied greatly between advanced and developing economies.
The gap between the growth rates in these economies has varied from
9!points in 2005 to 18!points in 2010 and is now below 5!points.

Against this backdrop, the Groups strategic approach has shifted from
a geographical viewpoint, where industrial growth came mainly from
increased capacity in developing economies, to a market viewpoint,
where each country aims to attract new investments in growth sectors.

CORPORATE PROGRAM NEOS

The previous strategic program of Air!Liquide named ALM nished
end of 2015. On the occasion of its Capital Markets Day on July!6, 2016,
Air! Liquide has presented its vision of the evolution of its markets, its
strategy, its growth prospects, and its new company program NEOS for
the period 2016-2020, which marks a new step in the development of
the Group.

The Group acquires a new dimension following the acquisition of Airgas
and thus enters a new phase of its development. Air!Liquide s strategy
for pro table growth over the long term is that of a customer-centric
transformation. It is based on operational excellence and the quality
of its investments, on open innovation and the network organization
already implemented by the Group worldwide. Air! Liquide s ambition
is to lead its industry, deliver long-term performance and contribute to
sustainability.

With strong fundamentals and a disciplined model of development
and management, the Group is well positioned to perform in various
economic environments and leverage the underlying trends, i.e., the
energy and environment transition, changes in the world of healthcare,
and digitization.

Thus, Air! Liquide is con dent in its ability and its 66,700 employees to
implement NEOS, the Groups new company program for the period
2016-2020, and to collectively create, notably through digitization,
additional value for all its stakeholders.

The environment is characterized by moderate global growth and major
changes related to scienti c and technological advances, and new
usages and consumption patterns that impact the needs of the Groups
customers.

1 AIR LIQUIDE
Strategy and outlook

Air!Liquide has identi ed three major trends, which are sources of growth
for all of its businesses. These trends are energy and environment
transition, changes in healthcare, and digitization. The latter touches
new ways of working, the managing of assets, and the transactional
sphere.

To address these key challenges and this new market potential,
Air!Liquide can rely on its leading positions in the major industrial basins
worldwide, its proprietary technologies, its capacity for innovation,
its solutions and services, its operational excellence, and its network
organization.

In this context, the preponderant path to growth will involve innovation,
supported by the major trends identi ed, in addition to external growth.
This innovation at the service of customers, within an open ecosystem,
is centered on usages and supported by technologies.

A SOLID BUSINESS MODEL

The Large Industries activity, which bene ts from long-term contracts
with take-or-pay clauses, and the Healthcare activity, which is enjoying
steady growth independently of the economic cycle, provide security.
The Industrial Merchant activity ods technological solutions adapted

to the multiple applications of customers in various industries and
provides greater resilience. In addition, through its four World Business
Lines, the Group serves a wide range of customers and industries, with
an extensive regional diversity and a growing market share in developing
economies, another guarantee of solidity.

PERFORMANCE AND SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT

The search for economic performance and the attention paid to
society s major issues, notably the protection of the environment, are
closely linked. Companies are no longer evaluated on their nancial
performance alone. They are also judged on their commitment to and
e#orts in terms of sustainable development. The Group has con rmed
its ambition to be the leader in its industry, by demonstrating its long-
term performance and behaving responsibly. The Group thus creates a
virtuous dynamic where sustainable development is an integral part of
Performance.

Outlook

With the acquisition of Airgas, a major achievement of the past year, the
Group has taken a major step forward in its geographic expansion and
the extension of its markets. Its performance in 2016, which includes
Airgas for a portion of the year, is solid with an increase in revenue, net
pro t, and net earnings per share despite unfavorable currency and
energy e#ects.

In the context of moderate global growth, activity was buoyed by higher
volumes in Large Industries, the strength of the healthcare sector, and

the promising markets served by the new entity Global Markets! &
Technologies. All geographies are growing on a comparable basis,

bene ting from stronger growth in developing economies.

AIR LIQUIDE

With the acquisition of Airgas in the United States, completed in
May!2016, the Group has changed in size with sales of Gas! & Services
increased by +30%. The Group has strengthened its global leadership

by rebalancing its European and American positions. The acquisition
of Airgas positions Air!Liquide optimally in the United States, the world s
largest and most advanced in innovation and digitization industrial gas
market. Through its multi-channel distribution network in the United
States, Airgas has a close relationship with its customers and proposes

the most complete and innovating e-commerce o#er.

In light of these factors, Air! Liquide, as part of its NEOS Program, is
aiming for revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR), over the
2016-2020 period, of +6% to +8%, including Airgas scope e#t in
2017, contributing +2% to the CAGR. The Group intends to generate
substantial recurrent e" ciency gains of more than 300! million euros on
average per year from 2017, in addition to synergies related to Airgas
for a total amount above 300! million US dollars. The Group is targeting
a Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) in excess of 10% after ve to
six! years. Lastly, maintaining its long-term A range rating thanks to the
strength of its balance sheet remains a priority.

As for sustainable development, which lies at the heart of its ambition
alongside performance, the Group will reinforce its actions aimed at
improving the air quality for better environment and health. Air! Liquide
will pursue an active dialogue with its stakeholders to contribute to a
more sustainable world.

From a Group organization point of view, the executive leadership
team working from the Base (Paris) and the hubs (Houston, Frankfurt,
Shanghai and Dubai), and the Cluster managers (groups of countries
or entities) based in the di#rent regions, will be working collaboratively
within a network to roll out NEOS and achieve the objectives that have
been set for the 2016-2020 period.

With NEOS, the Group will be able to deliver a long-term performance
and will be more connected to its stakeholders as well as more
innovative.

The Group continues to deliver e" ciency gains, to which are added this
year the rst Airgas synergies. The balance sheet is strong, reinforced
by solid growth in cash ow and success of the capital increase, thus
containing the debt below forecasts.

With the integration of Airgas and the launch of the NEOS program for
the period 2016-2020, Air! Liquide is implementing its transformation,
which combines targeted industrial investments, digital development,
and innovations to fuel growth in the coming!years.

Assuming a comparable environment, Air! Liquide is con dent in its
ability to deliver net pro t growth in 2017.
