18 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.1 BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY

Since the founding and initial public offering of our subsidiary innogy SE, operational responsibility in the RWE Group
is divided into two main areas: innogy is responsible for our renewables, networks and retail businesses, while

RWE AG remains in charge of conventional power generation and energy trading. The two companies decide
independently on their long-term strategic direction. In 2016 and early 2017, RWE AG worked intensively to further
develop its strategy. This process had not yet been completed when the review of operations was finalised. One thing
is certain: with our flexible power plants and expertise in energy trading, we will continue to be a competent partner

for a secure supply of energy in the future.

What we do. RWE is one of the leading suppliers of
electricity and gas in Europe. Our Group companies cover all
stages of the energy value chain, starting with the
production of lignite and electricity generation from gas,
coal, nuclear and renewables, to energy trading and
distribution, and the supply of electricity, gas and innovative
solutions. In fiscal 2016, we recorded revenue of

€45.8 billion. Our major markets are Germany, the United
Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium and Eastern Europe. The
RWE Group is also involved in the production of electricity
from renewables outside of these regions, for example in
Spain and Italy. Further information on our business
activities is presented on the next two pages.

New challenges facing energy utilities. The traditional
business model of fully integrated energy utility companies
is coming under increasing pressure. With the steady
expansion of renewables, the focus of conventional power
generation in Europe is shifting away from maximising the
production of electricity and moving towards providing
adequate back-up capacities which can smooth out the
fluctuations in solar and wind feed-ins. As a result of this,
revenue streams for power plants are moving towards
market-oriented capacity premiums for security of supply.
This trend has progressed quite a long way in some
European markets, such as the United Kingdom for example.
In Germany, however, the political decision-makers have
decided not to introduce a capacity market for the time
being. The main challenge in network operation is how to
integrate the rising volume of decentralised power feed-ins
from renewables. Solving this requires the more intensive
use of complex technologies. In the retail business, one of
the main trends is that there are more and more customers
who want to use energy more efficiently and also take
advantage of the opportunities opened up by the digital
revolution. Furthermore, households and businesses are
producing more of their own electricity and sometimes
taking on the role of energy managers.

One Group - two future-oriented companies. We realised
that we could best meet the challenges presented by the
transformation of the energy sector by reflecting these
different challenges in our organisational structure. The
main questions were how we can adopt a more aggressive
position in the various areas of the energy sector, what fields
do we believe offer long-term business potential, and at the
same time how can we grow stronger in the areas which are
challenging due to the difficult environment. At the end of
2015, we made the decision to pool the Renewables, Grid
and Supply Divisions in a new subsidiary and to list this new
company on the stock market. This decision was carried out
in 2016. On 1 April 2016, the new company commenced its
operations, initially as ‘RWE International SE’. It received its
final name, ‘innogy SE’ in September. In early October, the
company was listed on the stock market: 73.4 million innogy
shares from RWE AG's holding and another 55.6 million
shares from a capital increase by innogy SE were placed with
a wide range of investors. As a result, RWE AG's interest in
innogy dropped to 76.8%. Additional information on this
can be found on page 37 et seq. of this report.

With its mix of renewables, intelligent networks and
innovative retail solutions, innogy has excellent business
potential and the tools to act as a driving force in
transforming the energy sector. As a listed company, it has
advantages in accessing financing on the capital market. The
proceeds of €2.0 billion from the capital increase will mainly
be used for growth projects. The divisions Conventional
Power Generation and Trading/Gas Midstream, which remain
in the sole ownership of RWE AG, also profit from this
reorganisation, because we have gained additional financial
flexibility to reinforce and develop these businesses. RWE AG
will use the proceeds of €2.6 billion from the sale of
holdings of innogy shares to finance the new nuclear energy
fund (see page 34).
Business model and strategy

Three main pillars of RWE. With the aforementioned
reorganisation, RWE has become an energy utility with three
main pillars: the divisions Conventional Power Generation,
Trading/Gas Midstream and the investment in innogy. The
first two areas of activity represent our operational core
business. By contrast, innogy has the status of a financial
investment. A comprehensive agreement guarantees the
new Group company that it can act independently in
business matters and that RWE AG will only exercise its
influence as the majority owner by way of the legally
mandated bodies of the Supervisory Board and the Annual
General Meeting. innogy also decides independently on its
own strategy. The following section presents the core
business areas of RWE AG and innogy.

(1) Conventional Power Generation: a reliable partner for
the renewables business. The sharp declines in wholesale
electricity prices and difficult political environment present
significant challenges for us in conventional power
generation, especially in Germany. Many power stations are
only running at low levels of capacity utilisation and are not
able to cover their costs. We are working to improve the
profitability of our plants, by lowering the ongoing expenses
and boosting their commercial availability. If necessary,
based on economic considerations, we are mothballing or
decommissioning power stations. Many experts expect that
the situation in conventional power generation will stabilise
as overcapacities are reduced, and that over the long run
coal and gas will remain crucial parts of Germany’s electricity
generation mix. Most of our gas-fired power plants are very
modern facilities and very well suited to working with
renewables, since they can adjust very rapidly to changes in
load fluctuations in the network. Due to their relatively low
emissions, they enjoy widespread acceptance by the public.
Consequently, the importance of these plants in our
generation portfolio is expected to increase over the long
term. Coal also continues to be an important fuel for us, but
its significance will wane, mostly due to the long-term
national and European climate protection targets. Our
strategy is oriented with regard to these. Our operations in
the lignite business will make an important contribution to
reducing emissions. For example, as part of Germany's
‘Climate Action Programme 2020’, five lignite-fired units of
the 300 MW class will be taken off the market (see page 34),
reducing the CO, emissions of the Rhenish lignite mining
region by around 15% compared to current levels. Over the
coming decade, we intend to increase this reduction to

40% - 50%, with measures such as decommissioning the

Weisweiler power plant after completing coal extraction
from the opencast mine in Inden. Thereafter, falling capacity
utilisation levels and closures of additional lignite-fired units
will lead to further declines in CO, emissions, before the
most modern lignite-fired power plants are taken offline
around the middle of the century, when opencast mining
comes to an end in Hambach and Garzweiler.

(2) Trading/Gas Midstream: commercial centre for the
RWE Group. Energy trading forms the economic link
between the elements of our value chain, the regional
markets and the various energy commodities. Our subsidiary
RWE Supply & Trading concentrates on trading in electricity,
natural gas, coal, oil, emission allowances and biomass. It
plans on expanding these activities primarily in North
America and Asia and has already opened offices in New
York, Singapore and Mumbai. The company is also
responsible for sourcing the commodities needed for the
production of electricity and heat and marketing the
electricity generated by our power plants. The objective is
to exploit earnings potential and limit risks. In addition,

this division generates added value by optimising the
commercial operation of our facilities. RWE Supply & Trading
also markets its expertise to major European customers
outside of the RWE Group, offering services ranging from
traditional energy supply contracts and comprehensive
energy management solutions to complex risk management
strategies and is targeting further growth in this field of
business. Above and beyond this, it is increasingly active in
short to medium-term investments in energy facilities and
energy companies which, once restructured and sold on,
can deliver attractive returns. One example of this kind of
investment project was the hard coal-fired Lynemouth power
plant in the north of England: following the acquisition by
RWE Supply & Trading in 2012, we paved the way for this
facility to be transformed into a biomass plant using state
subsidies. In early 2016, it was sold to an investor.

(3) innogy: a driving force in the transformation of the
energy sector. We hope that our financial investment
innogy will deliver stable, high dividends. For these
expectations to be fulfilled, a strategy is needed to secure
the long-term operating success of the company amidst
dramatically changing conditions. The energy sector is
currently dominated by three trends: decarbonisation,
decentralisation and digitisation, which set the strategic
framework for innogy’s three divisions.
20

" Renewables: innogy designs, builds and operates facilities
for the generation of electricity from renewable sources.
Its objective is to quickly expand renewables in Europe.
The company is currently strongly represented in Germany
and the United Kingdom, followed by Spain, the
Netherlands and Poland. In terms of production
technologies, the focus is on onshore and offshore wind,
as well as hydroelectric power. With the acquisition of
Belectric Solar & Battery Holding, innogy has laid the
foundations to establish itself as an international supplier
of ground-mounted solar power plants and battery storage
facilities (see page 40).

" Grid & Infrastructure: Networks are the backbone for
the transformation of the energy sector, and operators
can generally earn steady returns. innogy manages
distribution networks in five European countries: Germany
(electricity/gas), the Czech Republic (gas), Hungary,
Poland and Slovakia (all electricity). In Germany, it is the
number one distributor of electricity. Conditions in
Germany pose the greatest challenge for our subsidiary:
rising volumes of electricity feed-ins from renewables,
which are dependent on weather and time of day, and an
increasing number of small, decentralised generation
facilities are making network operation an increasingly
complex technical feat. However, these developments are
also opening up new growth opportunities. In order to
ensure a reliable supply of electricity in this environment,
innogy must invest in maintaining and expanding network
infrastructure. The company is also developing new
control technologies and testing them in field trials so
that networks can be used more effectively and flexibly.

" Retail: innogy supplies approximately 16 million
customers with electricity and around 7 million with gas in
eleven European markets, reliably and at fair prices. The
company is one of the three largest suppliers of electricity
and gas in Germany, the Netherlands and the United
Kingdom. It also has a leading position in at least one of
these products in several other European markets. As
already discussed, more and more customers are
interested in using energy more efficiently and profiting
from the opportunities of digitisation. Households and
businesses are increasingly evolving from pure consumers
into ‘prosumers’, which produce their own electricity and
can even store it sometimes as well. To defend its position
in this changing market, innogy is extending its scope of

activities beyond the traditional supply of electricity

and gas. It is developing new business models for all
end-customer segments by pooling its expertise in the
fields of energy supply and information technology. The
result is innovative products and solutions tailored to suit
customers’ specific needs, which set innogy apart from
other utilities. Our subsidiary also pursues quantitative
growth: in its new supply markets such as Croatia, Slovenia
and Romania, the company plans to increase the volume
of business and establish itself among the large local
utilities over the medium to long term.

Further development of the RWE strategy. Our new Group
structure with two independent companies means that there
is no longer a strategic, group-wide mission statement.
RWE's previous mission statement was presented on pages
20 to 22 of the 2015 Annual Report. Decisions on the
further development of the business at RWE AG now pertain
exclusively to the Conventional Power Generation and
Trading/Gas Midstream Divisions, whereas innogy
formulates its strategy for its business in renewables, grids
and retail operations. In 2016 and early 2017, we worked
intensively to further develop RWE AG's strategy. The results
will be presented at the end of March 2017.

RWE AG’s management system. Ensuring sustainable
growth in shareholder value is at the heart of our business
policy. In the interests of managing the Group companies
with an eye to value, RWE AG deploys a groupwide planning
and controlling system, which ensures that resources are
used efficiently and provides timely, detailed information on
the current and prospective development of the assets,
financial position and earnings situation. Based on the
targets set by RWE’s Executive Board and our expectations
regarding the development of the business, once a year we
formulate our medium-term plan, in which we present the
prospective development of the key financial indicators. This
plan contains the budget figures for the next fiscal year and
planned figures for the following years. After preparation,
the Executive Board submits the plan to the Supervisory
Board, which reviews and approves it. The Supervisory Board
occasionally requests adjustments to be made prior to giving
its approval. In each fiscal year, we produce internal
forecasts linked to the budget. The Executive Boards of

RWE AG and the main operating units meet regularly to
analyse the interim and annual financial statements and
update the forecasts. In the event that the updated forecast
Business model and strategy

figures deviate significantly from the budget figures, the
underlying reasons are analysed and countermeasures are
initiated if necessary. We also immediately notify the capital
market in the event that published forecasts need to be
modified.

Some of the key indicators we use in managing our
operational business and assessing the financial situation
are adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income,
cash flow from continuing operations and net debt. EBITDA
is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortisation. In order to improve its explanatory
power in relation to operating developments, we remove
non-operating or aperiodic effects, which are shown in the
non-operating result. Among other things, capital gains or
losses, temporary effects from the fair valuation of
derivatives, restructuring costs and impairments are filtered
out. Subtracting operating depreciation and amortisation
from adjusted EBITDA yields the adjusted EBIT (previously
referred to as ‘operating result’; see page 41). The
development of adjusted EBIT has a decisive influence on
the variable compensation of our employees. Adjusted

net income is another key operating indicator. We calculate
this by correcting net income for all major special items
(including the entire non-operating result) along with the
related income taxes. Since 2016, we use this indicator

as a factor for the share-based payment of our senior
management. We primarily use the internal rate of return
as a yield indicator for determining the attractiveness of
investment projects.

The Group’s financial position is analysed using the figures
for cash flows from operating activities, among others.
Deducting capital expenditure and dividends from this,
results in the budget surplus or budget deficit. We aim to
fully finance our capital expenditure and dividend payments
with cash flows from operating activities in order to achieve
a budget that is at least balanced, although fluctuations in
cash flows can mean that we are not able to achieve this
every year. Net debt is another indicator of RWE's financial
situation. Essentially, it consists of net financial debt
together with provisions for pensions, for nuclear waste
management, for mining damage and for the dismantling of
wind farms. One half of the liabilities from hybrid bonds are
recognised in net debt.

21

Sustainability - a standard we hold ourselves to. As a
company, we can only succeed over the long term if we
ensure society’s acceptance by embracing our responsibility
as a company (Corporate Responsibility, or CR for short). In
order to focus on the various aspects of this responsibility, in
the past we defined fields of action which we believed
addressed the most important challenges in this area.

Our CR strategy encompassed ten topical areas, which

were defined in dialogue with our stakeholder groups,

such as shareholders, employees, customers, politicians
and non-governmental organisations. Following the
reorganisation of the RWE Group, some of the fields of
action now fall partially or completely under the purview of
innogy. Consequently, RWE AG has defined new priorities in
the field of CR in relation to its remaining business areas. In
our view, our main responsibility is to act as a partner for the
transformation of the energy sector in Europe. Using our
flexible power plants, we intend to make a significant
contribution to ensuring a secure supply of electricity as
the volumes of feed-ins from wind and solar power continue
to rise. We also give great importance to environmental
management and occupational safety. We have already
achieved very high levels in these areas and we intend on
maintaining these. Other key areas for us include ensuring
compliance with the Code of Conduct and the compliance
regulations of RWE and making sure that our suppliers
adhere to internationally recognised environmental and
social standards.

As Europe’s largest emitter of carbon dioxide (CO,), we

face particular challenges in relation to climate protection,
especially since high emissions also involve high business
risks. By expanding our activities in renewables, the

RWE Group has already made an important contribution to
lowering emissions. Furthermore, our new-build power plant
programme completed in 2015 has established the basis to
replace old, emission-intensive assets with cutting-edge
generation capacity. Our measures to lower CO, emissions
are increasingly determined by political requirements, which
are derived from European and national goals for the
reduction of emissions. One example of this is the early
decommissioning of lignite-fired power plants as part of the
Climate Action Programme 2020. As our scope of action in
conventional power generation has grown increasingly
narrow and we have transferred responsibility for the
expansion of renewables to innogy, we no longer issue any
22

specific targets for the Group’s reduction of emissions. Up
to now, we had envisaged lowering our CO, emissions per
megawatt hour of electricity generated (emissions factor)
to 0.62 metric tons by 2020. Last year, the emissions factor
was 0.69 metric tons. How high it is in the future will depend
on the political framework. The development of margins for
the individual generation technologies also plays a role. For
instance, in recent years our gas-fired power plants, which
emit far less CO, than coal-fired plants, were not able to
contribute to improving our CO, balance as much as we
wanted them to, owing to the unfavourable market
conditions. However, the margins have rebounded
somewhat recently. If the positive trend continues, this may
be reflected in a significantly lower emissions factor.

Further information on our strategy and our measures in the
field of CR can be found in our report ‘Our responsibility’,
the next issue of which will be published in April 2017 and
can be accessed on the internet at www.rwe.com/cr-report.
Combined review of operations > Innovation 23

1.2 INNOVATION

Only the innovative can prevail in today’s markets. Last year alone, RWE was involved in 240 research and
development projects, which not only help us to become more competitive, but also provide building blocks for a
modern, sustainable energy system. These activities lead to more flexible power plants with lower emissions, more
intelligent networks and more efficient uses of energy. Our innovative spirit also extends to the development of new
business models. In doing so, we want to ensure that we are always ready to provide good solutions to meet
customers’ emerging needs. In our day-to-day business, we benefit from the inventiveness and entrepreneurial spirit
of our employees. Once again they had thousands of good ideas in 2016, allowing us to achieve savings and, in some

cases, even open up new business opportunities.

With around 390 inventions, we are in the vanguard

of Europe’s utilities. The RWE Group is innovative in

many ways. Our main motivation is to remain competitive

in a dramatically changing environment as well as to be

an important force behind this transformation. With a
groupwide tally of around 1,100 patents and patent
registrations, based on roughly 390 inventions, we rank
among Europe's leading utilities. In the previous year, we
worked on approximately 240 R&D projects and filed patent
applications for more than 60 new inventions. Our R&D
projects frequently involve co-operating with external
partners from the engineering and chemical industries, or
with research institutions. As a result of this, the financial
volume of our projects is generally far larger than our own
share alone. The RWE Group’s operating R&D spending
amounted to €165 million in 2016 (previous year:

€101 million). A total of 380 of our employees were solely or
partially dedicated to R&D activities.

RWE AG: solutions for more flexible power plants, more
efficient opencast mining and new uses for lignite. Since
the IPO of innogy in October 2016, the operational business
of RWE AG is concentrated on lignite production, electricity
generation with conventional power plants and energy
trading. This is also reflected in the major areas of focus in
our R&D activities. RWE AG's R&D projects concentrate

on making fossil-fuelled power plants more flexible and
reducing their emissions, operating opencast mines more
efficiently and using the lignite from these mines for

innovative purposes, going far beyond electricity generation.

We present a small selection of RWE AG's main R&D projects
below.

Big data makes it possible: boosting power plant
efficiency and reliability. The expansion of renewables
means that our power plants need to meet increasing
requirements: they have to generate electricity flexibly in
accordance with demand and, at the same time, be reliable.
Flexibility, however, comes at a price. When power stations

are frequently ramped up and down, certain components are
subjected to intense stresses. This makes it even more
important for us to constantly know which components are
approaching the end of their useful lifespan, because only
then can we replace them in good time and prevent
damages that may occur when they fail. As part of our
project ‘rLife’, we have further developed an IT tool which is
available on the market, allowing us to centrally monitor all
of our power plants online for the purposes of tracking the
wear-and-tear on components. By doing so, we use a ‘big
data’ application, in which large amounts of information can
be captured, processed, analysed and utilised. In this
specific case, we have to collect this data anyway. We have
been using this IT tool since the end of 2016, and profit
from its application in two ways: on the one hand, we are
able to prevent damage more effectively, and on the other
hand we achieve cost savings, as we do not have to carry out
as many on-site inspections.

Bundling knowledge: a new procedure for reducing the
mercury emissions of coal-fired power plants. We aim to
operate all of our power stations in the most
environmentally compatible manner possible. The legislator
already imposes strict requirements on us in this regard, for
example in relation to mercury emissions. The EU is pushing
for even lower threshold limits for these emissions. Mercury
is already almost completely removed from the flue gas,
using the techniques which are currently applied for flue gas
cleaning. Consequently, the emissions from our facilities are
far lower than the relevant threshold values. Nevertheless,
for several years we have been intensely researching how
we can remove even more mercury. The main focus is on
processes which we have developed specifically for use

in our lignite-fired power plants. One approach is to use
rotary hearth furnace coke which RWE produces itself. In a
long-term test, we will deploy and optimise this new process
on a large scale and plan on starting this test in the second
half of 2017. Due to the complex chemical interactions, R&D
measures to reduce mercury emissions are generally very
24

time consuming. This is why numerous power plant
operators, including RWE, and the technical association for
the generation and storage of power and heat, VGB
PowerTech, have bundled their activities: as part of a joint
initiative, they are combining their knowledge and expertise
in an intensive dialogue with the scientific community and
legislators in the interests of finding effective solutions to
further reduce mercury emissions as quickly as possible.

Making new out of old: innovative new uses for lignite.
Lignite is a resource we will have available for many years to
come. Our project ‘Fabiene’ aims to show that it is much
more than just a source of energy. The fundamental idea is
that lignite can be used as a base material for the chemicals
industry to produce high quality fuels, which can help lower
traffic-related emissions, as well as create precursors for
plastics, adhesives and colourants. Using lignite as a
material becomes technically possible by bringing it to a
gaseous state and transforming the resulting synthesis gas,
which mainly consists of hydrogen and carbon monoxide,
into the desired products. RWE has years of experience in
the production, processing and utilisation of synthesis gas
obtained from lignite. The goal of this research project is to
develop this process and make it commercially viable. In
spring 2016, our innovation centre in Niederaussem began
testing the production of naphtha, waxes and fuels such as
diesel and kerosene. By mid-2017 we plan to provide the
products created in our laboratories to potential customers,
e.g. refinery operators, for further testing and analysis. The
Fabiene project is supported by the Federal Ministry for
Economic Affairs and Energy. Our project partners are the
Technical University of Darmstadt and thyssenkrupp
Industrial Solutions.

More robust heavy equipment in opencast mining
operations - lower costs. In RWE’s opencast mines,

20 bucket wheel excavators and 19 spreaders are hard at
work every day: these giant excavators scoop up massive
amounts of coal and overburden (earth and stone layers
which cannot be used) and load it onto conveyor belts,
which transport the coal to bunkers and the excavated earth
to the spreader, which dumps it out. Both of these pieces of
heavy equipment weigh enormous amounts and their track
systems are therefore subjected to massive stresses when
they have to change location in the opencast mine. This
results in significant wear-and-tear and high maintenance
costs. To reduce these costs, our ‘Opencast Mine
Engineering Centre’ has developed a ‘multi-body simulation

model’ in co-operation with RWTH Aachen. This model can
be used to calculate and simulate movements of bodies, in
particular the forces and tensions occurring in joints. Using
the model, we have been able to make adjustments to the
suspension components of our heavy equipment and are
now testing the benefits in the field. The initial results are
very positive.

More detailed information on this and RWE AG's other
R&D projects can be found at www.rwe.com/innovation.

innogy SE: focus on renewables, intelligent networks and
new retail products. The RWE Group is also pushing
forward with innovation in the fields of renewables,
distribution networks and supply. R&D activities in these
areas are the responsibility of innogy SE, which we manage
as a financial investment. innogy is involved in a wide range
of innovative activities, which are presented in more detail
on its website: www.innogy.com/innovation. Just to take
an example, one of innogy’s projects is called ‘Designetz’. In
this project, a research consortium headed by our subsidiary
is developing an overarching strategy for the integration of
renewables into the German supply networks. The Federal
Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy ascribes such
importance to Designetz that it has provided financial
support in the tens of millions of euros. Another one of
innogy’s important R&D projects focuses on the testing of
mobile battery storage units. These units are used to store
wind and solar power which is not immediately needed and
to feed this electricity into the network later. As they are
about as big as a shipping container, they can also be
transported by lorry to different locations. Storage units of
this kind can be deployed in rural areas in lieu of expanding
the network or used to provide a temporary stopgap solution
until the network can be expanded. This R&D project is also
currently developing possible operator models.

Innovation Hub at innogy: a platform for the
development of new business models. For us, innovation
involves much more than just technically focused R&D
activities. We are also creative when it comes to developing
new business models. These efforts are organised and driven
by the ‘Innovation Hub’ which was created in 2014. This
platform for innovation is now part of innogy and is staffed
by a 130-member team. Companies that want to survive over
the long term in a market undergoing dynamic change must
ensure today that they have compelling offerings to satisfy
the customer needs of the future. The Innovation Hub brings
Innovation

together the people who can contribute to making this
happen. They are given the opportunity to explore business
ideas without any taboos and to try out promising
innovations directly on the market. The main focus of this
work is on the development of digital business models.

The goal is to create market-ready products and services
which allow customers to use energy more efficiently and
to improve their quality of life. A good example of this is
‘shine’, which has already grown to become a startup
company with a product called the ‘shine energy manager’.
This product makes it possible for customers operating a
solar energy system to optimise their electricity generation
and energy consumption. Another example is the project
“‘eCarSharing’: this special service is tailored for business and
municipal customers which want to downsize or completely
get rid of their vehicle fleets, but at the same time maintain
their mobility. In exchange for a monthly fee, they are able
to book time quotas for modern electric vehicles, which are
charged using green energy from innogy charging stations.

Savings and new business ideas: thanks to the
experience and know-how of employees. Day-to-day
operations are a fertile breeding ground for good ideas.
Many of our employees harness their experience from
operations to help move the company forward with
innovation. Last year, Group employees submitted around
2,800 suggestions for improvements to the responsible
idea managers at their respective companies. We estimate
the economic benefit of their suggestions amounts to
€13 million in the first year of implementation. Some of
these ideas go far beyond improvements in processes and
relate to possible new areas of business for RWE. For
example, an employee of RWE Power AG proposed

25

producing and marketing fertiliser made out of liquid
manure and lignite. The livestock farmers mix the liquid
manure in a container with lignite. Key nutrients such as
nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium contained in the liquid
manure are deposited in the lignite. The solid part of the
mixture is then composted, resulting in a fertiliser similar in
consistency to potting compost, which is put into bags and
sold on the market. Gardening companies could use it as a
base soil, and it can also be used to promote humus
development for agriculture. This new organic fertiliser is
highly effective, environmentally friendly and cheap. Since
the nutrients are bonded to the lignite, they remain easily
available to the plants in the soil. This is a major advantage
compared to the widespread excessive use of liquid manure,
because the nitrates contained in that form of fertiliser are
not fully absorbed by the plants and some of it is flushed
into the groundwater. This causes additional expenses for
water treatment. According to a report by the Federal
Ministry of Environment from January 2017, during the
period from 2012 to 2014 the maximum permissible
threshold level for nitrates was exceeded at almost one third
of the measuring points. The Ministry now intends to take
measures against this by tightening the Fertiliser Ordinance.
In light of this, the new process appears to be even more
attractive. Field testing has been underway at a pig farm on
the Lower Rhine since September 2016. This substrate may
be useful at the global level and contribute to balancing out
the distribution of nutrients between different regions in an
environmentally-sound manner. Furthermore, exports of this
fertiliser would create new jobs. For RWE, the sale of lignite
for this kind of application would be a new business area
with significant potential.
26 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.3 ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

Despite robust economic conditions, the environment remains difficult for RWE. Prices for energy commodities and
electricity continue to be far lower than they were just a few years ago. In 2016, a megawatt hour of base-load power
purchased on the German wholesale market for the following calendar year cost an average of just €27 per MWh, the
lowest price in more than ten years. During the year, however, a small upward trend was seen. One factor behind this
was a recovery in hard coal prices. We sell forward most of the output of our power stations and secure the prices of
the required fuel and emission allowances, in order to reduce short-term volume and price risks. On the whole, the
margins we earned on these forward contracts for 2016 were considerably lower than in the previous year.

Economic output of the Eurozone expands by 1.7%.
According to initial estimates, in 2016 the global economy
grew at a rate of around 2.5% compared to the previous
year. Growth in the Eurozone is estimated at 1.7%. In
Germany, the currency area's largest economy, gross
domestic product (GDP) probably rose by around 2%.
Robust consumer spending and higher government
expenditure were drivers of the German economy. The rate
of growth in the Netherlands was similar to that registered in
Germany, whereas growth in Belgium lagged slightly behind.
Based on current data, the United Kingdom, our biggest
market outside the Eurozone, also posted a gain of 2%, a
large portion of which is attributable to the expanding
service sector. After the Brexit vote, however, the UK's
economy suffered a slight setback. The positive
development posted in the previous year appears to have
continued in our most important markets in Central Eastern
Europe. Available data indicate that GDP rose by 2.5% in
both the Czech Republic and Poland, and by 2% in Hungary.
Growth in Slovakia may have even reached 3.5%.

Weather slightly colder than in 2015. Whereas the
economic trend primarily affects energy needs for

industrial enterprises, residential energy consumption is
influenced more by weather conditions. The lower the
outside temperature, the more energy is needed for heating
purposes. Meteorological data for 2016 shows that weather
conditions were relatively mild throughout almost all of
Europe. In our core markets, average temperatures were
slightly higher than the relevant 10-year averages. Compared
to 2015, however, they were generally lower. The fourth
quarter in particular was relatively cool.

In addition to energy consumption, the generation of
electricity is also subject to weather-related influences, in
particular generation from renewables. For example, the
capacity utilisation of wind farms depends on how high wind
levels are. Last year, wind levels at most of innogy’s
generation sites were weaker compared to 2015. This mainly
applied to the United Kingdom, Germany and the
Netherlands. Weather-related factors also have an impact on
innogy’s hydroelectric power plants, most of which are
located in Germany. Their power production depends on
precipitation and melt water volumes. In contrast to the
wind farms, capacity utilisation at German run-of-river power
plants was on the whole better than in 2015.

Higher energy consumption in RWE’s core markets. The
economic growth and the colder weather compared to 2015
stimulated energy consumption in our core markets, whereas
the trend towards energy savings had a counteracting
effect. In comparing the volumes to the previous year, it
must also be noted that 2016 had one more day because it
was a leap year. Based on preliminary calculations by the
German Association of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW),
German demand for electricity remained unchanged in
comparison to 2015. By contrast, expert estimates indicate a
rise in consumption in the Netherlands and the United
Kingdom. In the Eastern European markets of Poland,
Slovakia and Hungary, the amount of electricity consumption
was probably equal to or higher than the 2015 figures.

Demand for gas developed relatively dynamically. The higher
demand for heating due to weather conditions was a factor
behind this. Moreover, gas prices declined and as a result
more gas was used for power generation. Based on BDEW
surveys, German gas consumption in 2016 was up roughly
9% on the previous year’s level. According to available data,
there was an increase of as much as 14% in the United
Kingdom. A rise of 5% has been estimated for both the
Netherlands and the Czech Republic.
Combined review of operations > Economic environment

27

One-year forward prices of gas on the TTF wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2015 forward
28

26
24
22

2016 forward

2017 forward

20

18

16

14

a

2014

Lower wholesale and retail gas prices. In Europe, gas
traded at much lower prices in 2016 than it did a year
before. Averaged for the year, spot prices at the Dutch Title
Transfer Facility (TTF), the reference market for Continental
Europe, amounted to €14 per MWh, €6 less than in 2015. In
TTF forward trading, contracts for delivery in the following
calendar year (2017 forward) were settled for an average of
€15 per MWh. In comparison, in 2015 the price paid for the
2016 forward was €20. The slump on the gas market was
reflected in prices for households. Residential tariffs,
however, typically react to developments on the wholesale

2015 2016

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

market with a sizeable time lag. According to the latest data,
gas was 3% cheaper for households and 15% cheaper for
industrial enterprises in Germany. The situation was similar
in the United Kingdom and the Czech Republic where
residential tariffs fell by an estimated 6% and 2%,
respectively, and tariffs for industrial companies fell by 16%
and 15%, respectively. Going against the trend on the
wholesale market, in the Netherlands households and
industrial enterprises had to pay marginally more than in
2015. This was a result of taxes and other fees.

One-year forward prices of coal deliveries to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp

USS/metric ton of coal (average weekly figures)

2015 forward
90

2016 forward

2017 forward

80

70

60

50

40

a

2014 2015 2016

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

28 RWE Annual Report 2016

Hard coal prices: mild rebound after record low early in
the year. At the start of 2016, prices in international hard
coal trading slipped to a new record low, but then embarked
on a clear upward trend. Coal deliveries including freight and
insurance to the ARA ports (Amsterdam/Rotterdam/
Antwerp) were quoted at an average of USS$60 (€54) per
metric ton in spot trading, up US$3 compared to 2015. The
2017 forward (API 2 Index) traded at US$54 per metric ton,
just marginally lower than the comparable figure for the
previous year. Prices of hard coal have fallen sharply in
recent years, because many countries increased their
production capacities and demand has not kept up with this.
However, government-imposed restrictions in Chinese coal
production resulted in prices recovering somewhat in 2016.

Freight rates, i.e. overseas shipping costs, are an important
price component in international hard coal trading. These
rates are currently also far below the levels from past years.
Once again, the reason for this is that significant
overcapacities were built up in the shipping industry. In
addition, fuel prices declined. In 2016, the standard route
from South Africa to Rotterdam cost an average of USS$4 per
metric ton, compared to USS5 in the previous year. Similar to
hard coal prices, freight rates bottomed out at the beginning
of the year and then recovered somewhat. Rates rose in
response to more expensive fuel prices, and economic
developments as demand for transport services picked up.
Additionally, increasing numbers of unprofitable ships have
been scrapped.

Forward prices of CO, emission allowances (EU Allowances)
€/metric ton of CO, (average weekly figures)

December 2015 forward

December 2016 forward

December 2017 forward

se

2014

2015

2016

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

CO, emission allowance prices slump again. The price at
which CO, emission allowances trade in Europe fell again,
after a long period of increases. The EU Allowance (EUA),
which confers the right to emit one metric ton of carbon
dioxide, cost an average of €5 in 2016. This figure is for
forward contracts due in December 2017. By comparison,
in 2015, the EUA in contracts for December 2016 cost an
average of €8. Experts link the decline in prices in emissions
trading to the development of electricity prices, which hit
new lows early in the year. The assumption is that many
utilities scaled back their forward purchases of electricity as

a result of this and that there was consequently less demand
for CO, emission allowances. Another factor was that market
conditions for gas-fired power plants improved, increasing
the share of this relatively low-emission generation
technology in electricity generation and subsequently
reducing demand for EUAs. Additionally, the Brexit vote
caused uncertainty: if the United Kingdom exits Europe's
Emissions Trading System, companies domiciled there would
place a large amount of superfluous emission allowances
onto the market, generating additional downward pressure
on prices.
Combined review of operations > Economic environment

29

One-year forward prices of base-load electricity on the wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2015 forward 2016 forward 2017 forward
70
“0 net ana aan
50
‘0 Ramee Oe
Eee
30 ——™

20 CTT]

2014

Mi Germany Netherlands M&® United Kingdom

2015 2016

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Wholesale electricity prices remain low. In Germany,

the development of wholesale electricity prices is strongly
affected by the rising feed-ins of electricity under the
Renewable Energy Act. These feed-in volumes are crowding
out conventional generation facilities and reducing the
prices on the market. Furthermore, hard-coal fired power
plants, which traditionally have a strong influence on the
formation of electricity prices are able to generate at low
marginal costs, owing to low fuel prices. Due to these
factors, current quotations on the German wholesale
electricity market are far lower than they were a few years
ago. Prices also continued to fall compared to 2015, albeit
only moderately. Last year, the average spot price for
base-load power was €29 per MWh, down by €3 compared
to the previous year’s level. In forward trading, prices fell to
new lows at the start of the year, before rising again
somewhat due to developments on the hard coal markets.
The 2017 forward for base-load power was quoted at

€27 per MWh on average during the year. By comparison,
the 2016 forward was still trading at €31 in 2015.

In the United Kingdom, our second most important
generation market, gas-fired power stations account for a
much larger share of electricity production than in Germany
and therefore have a stronger influence on electricity prices.
For this reason, and due to the introduction of a tax on
carbon dioxide in April 2013, quotations are relatively high
in the UK market. In the previous year, base-load power cost
an average of £40 (€49) per MWh, exactly the same price as
in 2015. The 2017 base-load forward traded at £41 (€50)
per MWh, which was £2 lower than the comparable figure
for the previous year. Due to the depreciation of sterling,
the decline in prices expressed in euros was larger (see the
graph above).

In the Netherlands, where we have our third-largest
generation position, gas-fired power plants also play an
important role in the formation of wholesale electricity
prices. At the same time, German electricity exports weigh
on prices. Base-load power on the Dutch spot market was
quoted at an average of €32 per MWh. This represents an
€8 drop compared to 2015. The forward for 2017 traded
for €31 per MWh, €7 down on the price paid for the 2016
forward in the previous year.
30 RWE Annual Report 2016

Clean dark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2015 forward

2016 forward

2017 forward

5
0
2014
Mi Germany ™) Netherlands M&® United Kingdom

2015

2016

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1. Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of hard coal and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 35% to 37%;
including coal tax in the Netherlands, which was abolished as of 1 January 2016, and CO, tax in the UK.

Clean spark spreads' forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2015 forward

2016 forward

2017 forward

Mi Germany ™ Netherlands &® United Kingdom

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of gas and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 49% to 50%; including CO, tax in the UK.

Sustained pressure on electricity generation margins.
The margins of our conventional power plants are the
difference between the price of electricity and the

costs (including taxes) of the fuel and CO, emission
allowances required to produce it. We generally source the
fuel for our hard coal and gas-fired power plants from liquid
markets at prevailing conditions. Therefore, the generation
costs of these stations can change significantly. We operate
hard coal and gas-fired power plants primarily in Germany,
the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Their margins are
referred to as clean dark spreads (hard coal) and clean spark
spreads (gas).

The two graphs above illustrate the development of margins
in our main generation markets since 2014, based on the
respective year-forward transactions. Taking the annual
average figures as a basis, clean dark spreads in 2016 for
the following year were lower than in 2015. In particular,
significant declines were seen in the United Kingdom and
the Netherlands. By contrast, margins of gas-fired power
stations continued to recover in 2016, mainly picking up
pace in the second half of the year. In the United Kingdom,
clean spark spreads exceeded the margins for hard coal-fired
stations; in Germany and the Netherlands, however, they are
still considerably lower than the clean dark spreads.
Economic environment

The cost of the fuel used to produce electricity from nuclear
and lignite is generally more stable. We cover our uranium
consumption via long-term contracts at firm conditions.
Moreover, nuclear fuel purchases generally only account for
a very small share of the total generation costs. We produce
lignite from our own opencast mines. There are no reliable
market prices for it due to its limited tradability. Owing to
their relatively stable fuel costs, the margins of nuclear and
lignite-fired power plants generally develop in line with
wholesale electricity prices, and have therefore dropped
substantially in recent years.

RWE electricity from lignite and nuclear sold for an
average of €35 per MWh. We sell forward most of the
output of our power stations and secure the prices of the
required fuel and emission allowances in order to reduce
short-term volume and price risks. Therefore, the income
we earned from our power plants in the year under review
depended on these types of forward contracts, which we
had concluded up to three years in advance. Overall, our
2016 power production sold for a lower price compared
to the previous year. For electricity from our German
lignite-fired and nuclear power plants, we achieved an
average of €35 per MWh (previous year: €41 per MWh).

31

As a result, revenues from these stations were significantly
lower than in 2015. Due to the lower power prices, our hard
coal-fired and our gas-fired plants recorded declining
revenues, but this development was counteracted by lower
fuel prices, for gas-fired stations in particular.

Retail electricity business: varying price developments
in innogy’s retail markets. The development of retail
electricity prices is influenced by wholesale trading prices,
as well as by network fees, taxes and levies, especially for
residential customers. In Germany, where the share of these
price components is constantly increasing, electricity prices
for retail and industrial customers rose slightly during 2016.
Prices remained stable for UK households, and increased
moderately for UK industrial customers. In the Netherlands,
tax cuts meant that households had to pay around 15% less
and industrial enterprises roughly 11% less. The following
developments were seen in our Eastern European electricity
markets: in Poland and Hungary, residential tariffs declined
somewhat, whereas a small increase was recorded in
Slovakia. Industrial enterprises paid less for electricity in all
three of these countries, with estimated price declines of
3% in Slovakia, 5% in Poland and 13% in Hungary.
32 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.4 POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT

Climate protection was once again at the top of the energy policy agenda in 2016. In November, the Paris Agreement
on climate change entered into force, after having been ratified by the largest industrialised countries. At the EU
level, policymakers focused on the question of how to strengthen the emissions trading system, while the German
government released its Climate Action Plan 2050, which specifies the measures needed to achieve the national goals
for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. In Germany, nuclear power was also a dominant topic. In December,
the Upper and Lower Houses of Parliament passed a law which reorganises the responsibility for waste disposal: in
the future, the Federal government will take responsibility for handling and financing the intermediate and final
storage of radioactive waste. It will receive the resources for this from a fund financed by the power plant operators.
While this represents an effective solution, it results in a massive financial burden for RWE.

Paris climate protection agreement clears final hurdles.
On 4 November 2016, almost one year after the Paris
conference on climate change, the resulting international
agreement on combating global warming entered into force.
The prerequisite for this was that the agreement had to be
ratified by at least 55 countries which are responsible for

at least 55% of global emissions of greenhouse gases. In
September, this global climate agreement was ratified by
the USA and China, the two largest emitters. Germany
followed suit in October. The agreement, which is binding
in international law, is the successor to the 1997 Kyoto
Protocol that expires in 2020. It aims to hold the increase in
the global average temperature to well below two degrees
Celsius (if possible 1.5 degrees Celsius) compared to
pre-industrial levels. Furthermore, in the second half of the
century the international community intends to reach a
balance between emissions of greenhouse gases and their
absorption, for example by oceans and forests or by the
geological sequestration of CO,. In such a scenario, the use
of fossil fuels would only be possible if the emissions could
be neutralised. In order to achieve these goals, the parties to
the agreement have made commitments to reduce their
national emissions. These commitments will be reviewed
every five years and, if possible, adjusted towards more
ambitious targets. The agreement ensures financial support
for poor countries, which will receive aid for climate
protection measures and for adjusting to global warming.

European Parliament supports strengthening the
emissions trading system. Climate protection after 2020
was also one of the central topics in energy policy at the EU
level. The future design of the European Emissions Trading
System (ETS) played an important role in the discussions. As
early as mid-2015, the EU Commission presented a draft
directive intended to align the ETS with the European
targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
Last year, the European Parliament's Committee on Industry
and its Committee on the Environment focused intensively
on this subject and presented their proposals. Based on the
Commission's draft and the recommendations of the
committees, the Parliament adopted its plans for the reform

of the ETS in February 2017. In some regards, these are
considerably more ambitious than the Commission’s draft.
For instance, the Parliament wants to reduce the existing
glut of allowances on the market more quickly. This will be
done by annually transferring twice as many allowances as
previously planned into the ‘market stability reserve’. This
reserve was created by the EU in 2015 and will be used from
2019 to allow for more flexible management of the supply of
emission allowances (see 2015 Annual Report, page 33).
Furthermore, the Parliament has proposed that a total of
800 million allowances be cancelled from the reserve in the
fourth emissions trading period from 2021 to 2030. As
already proposed by the Commission, during the fourth
trading period, the total amount of CO, certificates issued
will be lowered annually by 2.2%, instead of the current rate
of 1.74%. In relation to the allotment of free emissions
certificates to energy-intensive enterprises, the Parliament
wishes to take a more generous approach than the
Commission, in order to limit cost disadvantages for
industrial companies versus competitors from non-EU
countries.

The Parliament's decision does not mark the end of the
legislative process. The reform of the emissions trading
system will only become effective after the Council of
Environment Ministers and the Parliament agree on a
common position.

EU presents a set of reforms for energy efficiency and the
improved market integration of green power. At the end
of November 2016, the EU Commission presented a
comprehensive catalogue on reorganising energy law in

the coming decade. Among other things, the so-called
‘Winter Package’ contains proposals for reforms of the
directives on the promotion of renewables and on energy
efficiency, along with a draft of the new regulation on the
electricity market. With this package, the Commission wishes
to reinforce the internal energy market and ensure the
achievement of the climate and energy targets for 2030 set
by the European Council in 2014. The Commission goes one
Political environment

step further in relation to energy efficiency, which is to be
improved by 30% instead of the previous 27 %, compared to
development without any additional measures. Among other
things, this should be achieved by intensifying efforts in
building renovation. The Commission confirmed the goal of
covering 27% of EU energy needs from renewables by 2030.
At the same time, it wants to create more leeway for market
forces, as well as to restrict the priority feed-in for green
energy. The Commission also supports stronger cross-border
co-operation between network operators, so that national
power grids can be linked more closely and fluctuations in
power supply can be mitigated more effectively. Increased
competition on the electricity market should help to keep
costs in check for consumers, despite investments ranging in
the billions of euros.

Furthermore, the Winter Package contains guidelines which
EU countries will have to follow if they wish to introduce
capacity markets. Capacity markets are intended to ensure
that an adequate supply of electricity is always available to
meet demand, despite the expansion of renewables which
are dependent on the weather and time of day. In such a
market, in addition to the revenues from generation, the
power plant operators also receive payments for having
their capacities available, as this contributes to ensuring
security of supply. The Commission has proposed that only
power plants with maximum emissions of 550 grams of CO,
per kilowatt hour may participate in capacity markets.
Initially, this threshold will only apply to new plants, but will
then later be extended to all plants after 2025. As a result,
coal-fired power stations would be excluded from the
capacity markets in the EU. We view this as a step backwards
compared to the EU's earlier position that capacity

markets should be open to all generation technologies,
non-discriminatory and market-based. In our opinion, these
market features are required in order to ensure that capacity
needs can be met at the lowest possible costs.

The EU Commission's package is merely a proposal. The next
step will be negotiations with the EU Parliament and the
Member States. The reform measures will probably only take
effect from 2020.

Federal Cabinet lays the cornerstones of Germany's
climate protection policy. After difficult negotiations
between the ministries, the German government finally
approved the ‘Climate Action Plan 2050’ in mid-November
2016. This Plan specifies the measures and strategies that
will be used to achieve Germany's climate protection goals.
For 2030, these include a reduction in emissions of
greenhouse gases by at least 55% compared to the 1990

33

level, and a reduction of 80% to 95% by 2050. The Plan
specifies the climate protection targets for individual
sectors. According to the Plan, by 2030 the energy sector
must lower its emissions by more than 60% compared to the
level of 1990. Its emissions of greenhouse gases would then
only amount to around 180 million metric tons. Industry will
have to cut its emissions by one half and agriculture by one
third. For buildings, the Plan targets a reduction by two
thirds and a decline of around 40% for the transport sector.
It should be noted, however, that these targets are still
subject to a comprehensive impact assessment and may be
modified. According to the Climate Action Plan 2050, in the
future renewables and energy efficiency will be the
‘standards’ for investment, while the share of coal in the
energy mix will be gradually lowered. It is the Federal
government's intention to create a commission, which by
the end of 2018 will create a catalogue of instruments
supporting structural changes in the sectors and regions
affected by the process of transformation. In addition to
ecological aspects, this body will also take into consideration
economic and social concerns.

The climate protection plan will be regularly updated to
incorporate technological progress and unforeseeable
economic developments. In terms of further developing the
Plan, the government wants to engage in a broad dialogue
with the affected companies, labour representatives,
associations and NGOs. Based on this dialogue, the
catalogue of measures will be reviewed and adjusted,

if necessary.

Germany establishes a legal framework to prepare the
electricity market for transformation of the energy
sector. At the end of June 2016, the German Parliament
passed the ‘Act on Further Development of the Electricity
Market’ (Electricity Market Act), a set of reforms intended to
ensure that security of supply is maintained over the long
term, as increasing amounts of wind and solar power are
being fed into the system. The Upper House approved the
legislation in early July. The Act is the result of a long
consultation process on designing the electricity market,
which focused on whether Germany should follow the
example of the United Kingdom and France and introduce a
capacity market. The government decided not to do this,
opting instead to merely improve the functionality of the
existing market model. In line with this, the Electricity
Market Act abolishes limitations on price formation in
wholesale power trading, strengthens the balancing zone
and balancing power system, opens up the balancing energy
market for additional providers, creates incentives for more
flexibility by consumers and improves market transparency.
34

In order to secure the supply of electricity, the Act extends
the existing network reserve (‘winter reserve’) after 2017
and also introduces a capacity reserve. The latter will initially
amount to 2 gigawatts. This will be used for managing
bottlenecks, when supply and demand on the electricity
market are not in balance.

The Electricity Market Act also provides a legal foundation
for the so-called ‘stand-by operation’ of lignite-fired

power plants. In 2015, the government decided that eight
lignite-fired units would be gradually taken off the market in
the period 2016 to 2019 and be used as the last resort for
electricity supply for a period of four years each, after which
they will be shut down. Operators of these stations will
receive compensation oriented to the amount of revenues
which the units would have generated through normal
operation, less short-term, variable generation costs. The EU
Commission approved this measure in relation to state aid in
May 2016. The Federal government intends for it to improve
the annual emissions balance by 12.5 million tons of CO,.
RWE will put five units of the 300-megawatt class on
stand-by, starting with blocks P and Q at Frimmersdorf from
1 October 2017, followed by units E and F at Niederaussem
12 months later, and then block C at Neurath a year later.

Parliament adopts law on the restructuring of
responsibilities for nuclear waste disposal. On

15 December 2016, the German Parliament passed a law
which reallocates the responsibility for nuclear waste
disposal activities between the Federal government and the
plant operators. The Upper House gave its approval the next
day. The law broadly corresponds to the recommendations
presented in late April 2016 by the ‘Commission to Review
the Financing for the Phase-out of Nuclear Energy’ which
was formed by the Federal government. In the future, the
government will assume responsibility for handling and
financing the intermediate and final storage of radioactive
waste, while responsibility for the decommissioning and
dismantling of the facilities and packing of the radioactive
waste shall remain with the companies. The responsibilities
transferred to the Federal government will be financed from
a fund, which is paid into by the plant operators. According
to the law, the companies must provide a base amount
totalling €17.4 billion. In return for the payment of a risk
surcharge of 35.47 % (€6.2 billion), they can be released
from liability for any possible future cost increases.

This results in a sum total of €23.6 billion. The payments
pertain to 1 January 2017. Pursuant to the Act, the base
amount must be paid by 1 July 2017. Until that date,

interest will accrue at an annual rate of 4.58% starting from
1 January 2017. However, the costs of disposal incurred by
companies in the meantime can be offset. The deadline for
payment of the risk surcharge is the end of 2022; interest
also accrues on the outstanding balances at an annual rate
of 4.58% starting from mid-2017. RWE has decided to pay
the entire risk surcharge together with the base amount on
1 July 2017. In total, some €6.8 billion is due.

The Act will enter into force as soon as the EU approves it in
relation to state aid. This is expected to occur in the spring
of 2017. Above and beyond this, based on the Act, a public
law contract should be concluded between the Federal
government and the nuclear power plant operators, which
will provide them with legal security. The talks on this had
not yet been completed when this report was finalised.

State government establishes framework for lignite
mining at Garzweiler II. In early July 2016, the
administration of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia
announced its landmark decision on future lignite mining in
the Garzweiler Il opencast mine. In making this decision, it
underlined the long-term importance of domestic lignite
production in providing a secure, affordable energy supply.
It concluded that opencast mining in Garzweiler will still be
necessary for the energy sector after 2030. This conclusion
is a fundamental requirement for maintaining the production
of lignite over the long term. However, it has been decided
that certain communities, including Holzweiler, which has
roughly 1,500 inhabitants, will not be resettled. It is also
envisaged that a greater distance than usual will be
maintained between the mining area and Holzweiler. As a
consequence, the size of the production area will be
reduced. The coal reserves of Garzweiler Il, which have
received zoning clearance and been estimated at 1.2 billion
metric tons so far, will therefore be about one third lower.
No such limitations are envisaged for the Hambach and
Inden opencast mines: the state government classifies these
mines as necessary for the energy sector and confirmed

the previously approved mining borders. With the
announcement of this landmark decision, a protracted
process involving numerous interest groups, experts,
community groups and RWE came to an end. For RWE Power
and many thousands of employees in the Rhenish lignite
mining region, this decision makes it possible to plan for the
future. It has to be implemented in a procedure for
amending the lignite mining plan, which will extend over
several years.
Political environment

Germany supports competition-oriented reform of the
subsidisation of renewables. On 8 July, the German
Parliament passed a fundamental reform of the Renewable
Energy Act, which aims to improve the efficiency of
incentives and align the expansion of generation capacities
more closely with the existing network infrastructure.

The new Renewable Energy Act entered into force on

1 January 2017, after EU approval in relation to state aid.

In most cases, operators of new generation facilities will
only receive incentives if they qualify for such in a public
tendering process. In the past, a fixed feed-in tariff was
guaranteed for electricity generated from renewables. This
right will only remain in place for smaller facilities. In the
future, the state will determine a targeted amount of
capacity expansion and call for tenders for this amount.
Potential investors then bid a certain incentive amount, at
which they are able to provide portions of the targeted
generation volume. The lowest offers are awarded contracts,
until the desired capacity expansion is achieved. Initially, this
will be restricted to 2,800 MW for onshore wind and then to
2,900 MW per year from 2020. These figures are stated in
gross terms, i.e. the replacement of existing plants with
higher performance facilities is included. For offshore
facilities, the government is targeting average annual
expansion of 730 MW. The targeted annual capacity is
limited to 600 MW for photovoltaic generation, and 150 to
200 MW for biomass generation. Plant operators which have
successfully tendered for support receive an amount equal
to their auction bid. Depending on the location, a premium
or discount can be applied for onshore wind farms. If the
price received for the electricity by the operator on the
wholesale market is lower than the approved incentive rate,
the operator receives a market premium equal to the
difference. The new system meets the EU Commission’s
requirement that Member States design the subsidisation of
renewables more in line with market forces and rely more
strongly on competitive mechanisms such as tendering
procedures.

Germany alters subsidy conditions for new combined
heat and power plants. In addition to the Renewable
Energy Act, in 2016 the German Act on Combined Heat and
Power Plants (KWKG) was also overhauled to meet the EU
requirements for competitive, market-conform subsidisation.
The amendments entered into force on 1 January 2017. New
CHP plants with a nominal electric capacity between 1 MW
and 50 MW must now also qualify for subsidies in a
tendering process. Furthermore, for all new plants with a
capacity of more than 100 kW operators must market the
electricity and heat generation themselves and generally
receive no payment for their own consumption of electricity.

35

From now on, CHP subsidies are completely precluded for
plants that use solid fuels, such as coal.

Government improves conditions for grid investments. In
early August, the German government passed an
amendment to the Incentive Regulation Ordinance, which is
intended to improve investment conditions for grid
operators. The Upper House had approved the changes in
July. The central element of the reform is that the costs for
financing investments will be applied without any delay to
the revenue caps and therefore also in network fees. This
was not the case in the past: the fixed assets and capital
costs of network operators were generally only determined
when the next five-year regulatory period was about to
begin. As the determination of costs occurred with a
two-year lead-in period, it could take up to seven years for
investments to be reflected in network revenues. However,
it should be noted that reductions in capital costs due to
depreciation were also only taken into consideration with a
delay (the ‘base effect’). The reform will become effective
for the upcoming five-year regulatory period, which starts on
1 January 2018 for gas networks and 1 January 2019 for
electricity networks. Network operators profit from the new
regulation if their capital expenditure is higher than their
depreciation. If this is not the case, revenues can decline.
The reform may also have a negative effect for companies
which have suffered the disadvantage of the delayed
adjustment of revenues in relation to investments they have
already made and were relying on the benefits stemming
from the base effect. Consequently, the government decided
that the base effect for investments in the period 2007 to
2016 will only be cancelled after the end of the upcoming
regulatory period. Along with the immediate adjustment of
capital costs, the new Incentive Regulation Ordinance also
ensures better transparency by stipulating additional
publication requirements for regulatory authorities.

Reduction of the return on equity for network
investments in Germany. In mid-October, the Federal
Network Agency announced the rates of return on equity
which will apply for German grid operators during the next
five-year regulatory periods, starting from 2018 (gas) and
2019 (electricity). In the future, the rate will be 6.91%
(before corporate tax) for network facilities capitalised after
2005, and 5.12% for older facilities. At present, the allowed
rates are 9.05% and 7.14%, respectively. In setting these
rates, the Federal Network Agency also took into account
the recent sharp decline in interest rates on the capital
markets.
36

British anti-trust authority wants to boost competition in
supplying retail customers. In mid-2016, the Competition
and Markets Authority (CMA) published the results of its two
year investigation of the competitive environment in the
British energy sector, which the regulatory authority Ofgem
(Office of Gas and Electricity Markets) had requested. In its
final report, the CMA deemed the national wholesale
markets to be functional. There were also no indications that
major energy utilities enjoyed competitive advantages
through vertical integration. By contrast, the CMA did find
indications of inadequate competition in the retail supply of
households and small businesses. In particular, this applied
to customers who were not seeking cheaper contracts by
switching suppliers. According to CMA calculations, the
annual price advantage which customers of the six large
energy firms in the UK could achieve by switching supplier
doubled from £164 in 2012 to £330 in 2015. The CMA
wants firms to notify Ofgem of customers which have been
supplied with electricity or gas for more than three years on
the same standard tariff. Ofgem will then provide this data
to all competitors, so that the firms can make these
households alternative offers. At present, the
implementation of this measure is in preparation, but there
is opposition from data protection proponents. Another
requirement of the CMA is a cap on the tariffs for customers
with pre-payment meters. Normally, these customers had
been charged slightly higher tariffs, which the utilities had
justified by citing higher expenses. This price cap will come
into effect from 1 April 2017 and has a duration of three
years. The CMA now grants the utilities greater leeway in
terms of the number of tariffs they offer. In the past,
companies were only allowed to offer a maximum of four
different electricity tariffs and four different gas tariffs.

This limitation was removed in November 2016.

New incentive system for renewables in Poland. In
addition to Germany, Poland also carried out a fundamental
overhaul of its system for supporting renewables. In
mid-2016, a new law came into force which replaced the
previous system of subsidisation using ‘green certificates’
with an auction-based process. The new support system is
similar to the British one. The state and the operators of new
plants conclude ‘contracts for differences’ (CfD), which
guarantee fixed compensation for a period of 15 years. If the
price received by the operator on the wholesale market is
lower than this amount, the difference is paid to the
operator; if the price is higher, subsequent compensation
payments are reduced accordingly. Which producers are
supported and which are not is decided in auctions. These
are carried out separately for different categories of projects,
with the generation technology as a key distinguishing
factor. The Polish government sets annual support budgets
for each project category. This occurred in November 2016
for the 2017 auctions. For onshore wind farms of more than
1 MW, the available funds only allow for about 100 MW of
generation capacity to be financed. A special regulation
encompassing all technologies was created for small
generation units of up to 40 kW: these plants receive
subsidies for the electricity fed into the network which are
dependent on the sales prices, without having to qualify
through auctions. Operators of existing plants have the
option of continuing to use the old support system with
green certificates or switching over to the new CfD scheme
by participating in auctions.
Combined review of operations > Major events

1.5 MAJOR EVENTS

37

The reorganisation of the RWE Group was the most important event in the past year. A milestone was reached in
April with the start of operations by our new subsidiary innogy, in which we have bundled our renewables, grids

and supply activities. innogy was listed on the stock exchange in October, in a highly successful IPO which resulted

in proceeds of €4.6 billion from the issue of new shares and the sale of existing shares. innogy was the largest IPO in
Germany since the end of 2000. But we achieved important success in other areas as well: in the United Kingdom,
almost all of RWE’s power plants qualified for contracts in the UK capacity market auctions, and in the Netherlands
we were awarded a subsidy for co-firing with biomass in our coal-fired power stations. In the following, we present the
major events which occurred in 2016 and early 2017, focusing on developments which are not discussed in detail

elsewhere in the review of operations.

Events in the fiscal year

RWE lists its business in renewables, grids and supply on
the stock exchange. In 2016, the RWE Group underwent

a fundamental restructuring process, preparing itself
organisationally and financially for the challenges currently
facing the energy industry. As part of this restructuring,

the renewables, grids and retail businesses were bundled
into a new subsidiary, which was then listed on the stock
market. RWE’s Executive Board had announced these plans
at the end of 2015. The Supervisory Board gave its approval
at its meeting on 11 December. On 1 April 2016, innogy
commenced its operations, initially under the name

“RWE International SE’. A few months later, the company was
listed on the stock market: shares in innogy began trading
on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on 7 October. The opening
price of €37.30 was higher than the placement price, which
had been set at €36, at the top end of the price range.
Despite this, the offer was oversubscribed several times.
Including the shares placed on the market by exercising the
over-allotment option (greenshoe), a total of 128,930,315
innogy shares were placed with a wide range of investors. Of
this amount, 73,375,315 shares were from RWE AG's holding
and 55,555,000 shares were from a capital increase carried
out by innogy. RWE registered proceeds of €2.6 billion from
the sale of own shares, while innogy booked proceeds of
€2.0 billion from the capital increase. RWE’s interest in
innogy dropped from 100% to 76.8%. Based on the
placement price of €36 and the total number of
555,555,000 shares, innogy had a market capitalisation of
€20 billion at the time of its listing. Shares in the company
are traded under the securities identification numbers
DEOOOA2AADD2 (ISIN) and A2ZAADD (German Securities
Identification Number) on the regulated market (‘Prime
Standard’) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

The new Group company innogy has its headquarters in
Essen, as does RWE AG. In the past fiscal year, its almost
41,000 employees generated revenue of more than

€40 billion. By bundling the renewables, grid and supply
activities in one company, innogy brings together the
business activities which have new opportunities thanks to
the transformation of the energy sector. Direct access to the
capital market allows the company to tap into additional
resources for investment. The proceeds from the capital
increase will mostly be used for growth projects. For

RWE AG, the new Group structure offers the advantage of
greater financial flexibility, which it can use to reinforce and
develop its remaining businesses Conventional Power
Generation and Trading/Gas Midstream.

innogy is headed by a six-member Executive team led by
Peter Terium, who was Chairman of the Executive Board of
RWE AG from July 2012 to October 2016. He resigned from
this position after the IPO to dedicate himself to the
management of innogy. Bernhard Gunther is the CFO, having
held the same position at RWE AG until October 2016. Uwe
Tigges, the Labour Director at innogy, is also from RWE AG's
Executive Board. He will only be leaving RWE AG at the end
of April 2017 and is responsible for managing the transfer of
employees between the two companies up until then. Hans
Bunting, Hildegard Miller and Martin Herrmann are also
members of innogy’s Executive Board. They are responsible
for Renewables (Bunting), Networks (Miller) and Retail
(Herrmann). Hans Bunting was previously CEO at our former
green power subsidiary RWE Innogy, Hildegard Miller was
Chair of the Management Board of the German Association
of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) and Martin Herrmann
was CEO at RWE East.
38

RWE AG manages innogy as a financial investment and will
only exercise its control via the legally mandated bodies of
the Supervisory Board and the Annual General Meeting.
This arrangement is based on an agreement on basic
principles between the two companies, which replaced the

control contract that was terminated on 30 September 2016.

The agreement governs the future relationship of the
companies and their dealings with each other. It stipulates
that innogy can operate independently and autonomously
to a great degree. We view this as an important prerequisite
for an optimal valuation of the company by the capital
market. Until the end of 2019, RWE AG undertakes to avoid
competing with innogy in its current core fields of business,
both directly or via any company which it controls.
Transactions between the two parties will be conducted at
arm's length conditions. In line with the agreement, innogy
has taken over the majority of RWE’s capital market debt
(see page 52 et seq.).

Rolf Martin Schmitz appointed as CEO of RWE AG -
Markus Krebber takes over as CFO. In parallel with the IPO
of innogy, the Executive Board of RWE AG was restructured.
Effective from 15 October 2016, the Supervisory Board
appointed Rolf Martin Schmitz as the successor to Peter
Terium in the position of CEO, and Markus Krebber was
appointed as CFO, replacing Bernhard Gunther. Rolf Martin
Schmitz has been a member of the Executive Board since
2009. He was appointed Deputy Chairman in 2012. Markus
Krebber joined the Executive Board on 1 October 2016.

For the time being, he will continue in his role as CEO of
RWE Supply & Trading. Uwe Tigges is the third member of
RWE AG's management team: he has been a member of the
Executive Board since 2013 and is responsible for human
resources. As noted, he will be leaving RWE AG at the end of
April 2017, after which he will only be active for innogy, like
Peter Terium and Bernhard Gunther.

Nuclear phase-out: constitutional court upholds RWE’s
claims for compensation. In early December, Germany’s
Federal Constitutional Court announced that some aspects
of the 2011 decision to shorten the operational lifespans of
German nuclear power plants were unconstitutional. The
judges thus upheld the claim filed by RWE, E.ON and
Vattenfall. In their view, the legislator was allowed to
accelerate the phase-out of nuclear power in the wake of the
reactor accident in Fukushima, Japan, without necessarily
violating the protected ownership rights of the plant
operators. In this specific case, however, the companies
were entitled to compensation for damages. On the one
hand, this claim applies in relation to a generation quota,
which was determined as part of the first agreement from
2000 on phasing out nuclear power and could no longer be
used due to the shutdown deadlines introduced in 2011,
and on the other hand for the loss in value of investments
which the plant operator had made on the basis of the
extension of operating periods set out by law in 2010. The
legislator was given until mid-2018 to formulate suitable
regulations for this compensation. We estimate that our
claim for compensation will be in the hundreds of millions of
euros.

The decision of the Constitutional Court came against the
backdrop of several changes in the political position on
nuclear power. In 2000, the Federal government headed

by the SPD and Greens agreed on a reduction of the nuclear
lifetimes with the utilities and granted them residual
generation amounts. RWE was granted additional quotas as
compensation for the Milheim-Karlich nuclear power plant
having to go offline after just two and a half years of
operation, due to errors in the permitting process. The
residual quotas were stated in the 2002 Nuclear Energy Act.
In 2010, the Federal government headed by the CDU/CSU
and the FDP approved an increase in these quotas, but then
reversed this move following the nuclear accident in
Fukushima. The 13'* amendment of the Nuclear Energy Act
passed in 2011 set fixed deadlines for shutting down the
individual plants. Due to these deadlines, part of our
electricity quota for Milheim-Karlich will expire without
being used. The Court found that this was an
unconstitutional violation of our ownership rights.
Major events

United Kingdom: RWE successful at capacity auction.
Following the auctions in 2014 and 2015, the third auction
for the UK capacity market was held in December 2016, and
almost all of the participating RWE power plants qualified
for payments. Together they account for a secured capacity
of 8.0 GW and include the gas-fired stations Pembroke,
Staythorpe, Little Barford, Didcot B and Great Yarmouth, and
the hard coal-fired plant Aberthaw. Only a few of RWE’s
smaller stations were unsuccessful. Total generation capacity
of 69.8 GW was represented at the auction. Plants with
capacity of 52.4 GW qualified. During the period from

1 October 2020 to 30 September 2021, their operators will
receive a capacity payment of £22.50 per kilowatt for having
their plants available to ensure a secure supply of electricity.
For new stations, this period is extended for up to 15 years,
with the premium paid anew each year. This applies to
generation units with a total capacity of 2.6 GW, including
one small plant operated by RWE. As the premium amount
determined at the auction pertains to the price level for the
period October 2015 to April 2016 and will be linked to the
UK consumer price index, the actual amount of the
payments will likely be higher than £22.50.

Since 2014, a capacity auction takes place once a year in
the UK. At this auction, a predetermined volume of secured
generation capacity is auctioned off. All successful providers
receive the same price, which is the price at which the
tendered capacity corresponds to the requested capacity.
Participation at the auction is voluntary and open to all
technologies. Stations which are subsidised in a different
manner are not eligible to participate. The first capacity
auction in December 2014 pertained to the period October
2018 to September 2019. As market conditions for UK hard
coal-fired power plants have deteriorated and the
government wishes to avoid supply shortfalls due to

the early decommissioning of plants, it decided to bring
the start of the capacity market forward by one year.
Accordingly, a fourth capacity auction was held in early
2017, which related to the period October 2017 to
September 2018 (see page 40).

39

Netherlands: RWE qualifies for subsidy for biomass
co-firing. In the Netherlands, RWE successfully applied for
state subsidy for co-firing biomass in the two hard coal-fired
power plants Amer 9 and Eemshaven. At two tenders, we
were awarded a total of €2.6 billion in 2016. We will receive
these funds for a period of eight years. They are allocated so
that Amer 9 can achieve a biomass ratio of 80% and
Eemshaven a ratio of around 15%. The subsidy covers the
additional expenses for procuring fuel and will also be used
to finance measures for retrofitting the plants. We plan on
sourcing the necessary biomass in Europe and North
America and ensuring that the production of this biomass is
sustainable. In doing so, we are complying with the ethical
requirements which Dutch NGO’s demand for the use of
biomass in electricity generation.

Settlement for damages in relation to the new hard
coal-fired power station at Hamm completed. In early
July, we were able to reach a mutual agreement with the
insurers on the settlement of damages at Unit D of our
new hard coal-fired power plant in Hamm (Westphalia). The
insurers subsequently provided us with final compensation
for the damages. Originally, the station was to have two
units (D/E), of which only Unit E went online. Significant
damages occurred at Unit D during the construction phase,
which undermined its profitability. In view of this, in
December 2015 we decided not to finish construction of the
unit (see page 40 of the 2015 Annual Report).

Agreement on gas procurement with Gazprom. At the
end of May, RWE Supply & Trading, which is responsible for
gas procurement, reached an agreement with Gazprom to
adjust the conditions of its long-term supply contract with
the Russian gas group. This ensures that the contract will
not expose us to earnings risks over the coming years.

The parties agreed to keep the details confidential. This
mutual agreement was reached prior to a price revision,
which was scheduled for mid-2016 and hence became
unnecessary.
40 RWE Annual Report 2016

Qatargas to supply RWE with gas. In June,

RWE Supply & Trading concluded a flexible contract on

the delivery of liquefied natural gas (LNG) with Qatargas,
one of the world’s largest suppliers of LNG. The agreement
calls for Qatargas, which is headquartered in the Arab
emirate, to deliver up to 1.1 million tons of liquefied gas
to Northwestern Europe annually until the end of 2023.
We view this contract as a good addition to our gas
sourcing portfolio.

Stake in UK wind farm portfolio Zephyr sold. At the end
of July, innogy sold its 33.3% interest in UK-based Zephyr
Investments Limited along with several shareholder loans to
a financial investor. Zephyr was established in 2003 and
owns and operates a portfolio of 17 wind farms, of which 16
are on mainland UK, and one is off the coast of Wales (North
Hoyle). These generation assets have a total net installed
capacity of 391 MW. Proceeds from the sale will be used to
finance other renewables projects.

Events after the close of the fiscal year

innogy acquires the German solar power and battery
specialist Belectric Solar & Battery. Our subsidiary innogy
has moved yet another step closer to its goal of establishing
itself as an international supplier of utility-scale photovoltaic
power plants and battery storage solutions. In January 2017,
it acquired Belectric Solar & Battery Holding GmbH from
Belectric Holding. The purchase price was in the high
double-digit million euro range. Belectric Solar & Battery
develops, builds and operates ground-mounted photovoltaic
plants. Along with Europe, the geographical focal points are
the Middle East, North Africa, India, South America and the
USA. Since its inception in 2001, the company has built
more than 280 ground-mounted and roof-mounted solar
plants with a total net installed capacity of over 1.5 GW. It is
also responsible for the operation and maintenance of solar
plants with a total capacity of more than 1.0 GW. Belectric
also specialises in the development of turn-key, large-scale
battery storage solutions.

Fourth capacity auction in the United Kingdom: all RWE
plants qualified. At the fourth auction for the UK capacity

market held from 31 January to 3 February 2017, all of the

participating RWE plants with a secured capacity of 7.9 GW
qualified. However, at £6.95 per kilowatt the amount of the
payment is much lower than the level achieved at the three
previous auctions. The payments will be granted for

the period from 1 October 2017 to 30 September 2018.

RWE exits Luxembourg utility Enovos. In early March,

we sold our 18.4% stake in the Luxembourg-based energy
utility Enovos. It was acquired by a consortium led by the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the investment firm Ardian.
One of the reasons for this divestment was that we only had
limited influence on the management of the company.

innogy expands Hungarian gas supply operations. In
Hungary, as of 1 April innogy’s subsidiary MASZ acquired
the industrial and commercial customers of the gas utility
TIGAZ, which is part of the Italian ENI Group. With this,
innogy’s share of the unregulated Hungarian gas market
climbed to about 10%. Since 2015, the RWE Group has
once again been active in gas supply in Hungary, having
sold its minority interest in the Budapest gas utility FOGAZ
to the state-owned Hungarian energy group MVM one year
earlier. This sale was motivated by the unfavourable
framework conditions in the regulated market for retail
customers.

Suppliers with a total generation capacity of 59.3 GW
participated in the auction. Plants with capacity of
54.4 GW qualified for the payment.

RWE calls hybrid bond with a volume of CHF 250 million.
In mid-February 2017, we announced that we will be calling
our CHF 250 million hybrid bond as of 4 April 2017. It was
issued in November 2011 with a coupon of 5.25% and has a
theoretical tenor of just over 60 years. RWE is calling the
hybrid bond on the first possible call date. By doing so, we
are taking advantage of the additional financial flexibility
provided to us by the successful IPO of innogy. Shortly after
our announcement, the rating agency Standard & Poor's
notified us that it would be completely withdrawing the so-
called equity credit for all seven outstanding hybrid bonds,
i.e. they will no longer recognise one half of the liabilities
from these bonds as equity. Although this means that - in
Standard & Poor's view - we have a higher debt level, the
agency did not make any changes to our rating (BBB-) and
left the rating outlook at ‘stable’, citing among other things
the positive effect of the innogy IPO on our financial
position.
Notes on reporting

1.6 NOTES ON REPORTING

New reporting structure with three segments. As
presented on page 37 et seq., we bundled large parts of
our business in the new Group company innogy, which was
listed on the stock market in early October 2016. Since then
we hold an interest of 76.8% in innogy and manage the
company as a financial investment. This has an effect on

the structure of our financial reporting. In the 2016 Annual
Report we distinguish between the following three
segments (divisions): Conventional Power Generation,
Trading/Gas Midstream and innogy. The last segment is new
and covers the former business areas Renewables, Grids/
Participations/Other and Supply and which were reported
on separately in the interim reports published last year. Prior
to 2016, RWE’s reporting was based on seven divisions (see
2015 Annual Report, page 42 et seq.). To ensure the
comparability of the 2016 figures to those of the previous
year, we have restated the latter in the new structure.

The three segments in these consolidated financial
statements cover the following activities:

* Conventional Power Generation: Our conventional
electricity generation operations are subsumed under this
segment. It also includes the lignite mining business of
RWE Power in the Rhineland and RWE Technology
International, which specialises in project management
and engineering services. Since 2016, our controlling
interest in the Hungarian company Matra, which is
engaged in lignite production and the generation of
electricity from lignite (part of the Central Eastern and
South Eastern Europe Division in 2015), and the Scottish
biomass-fired power station Markinch (part of the
Renewables Division in 2015), have also been assigned to
Conventional Power Generation. Prior-year figures have
been adjusted accordingly. All of these activities are
overseen by RWE Generation.

" Trading/Gas Midstream: This segment covers the activities
of RWE Supply & Trading, which is responsible for trading
energy commodities, marketing and hedging the
RWE Group’s electricity position, as well as running the
gas midstream business. It also supplies some major
industrial and corporate customers in Germany and
neighbouring countries with electricity and gas.

" innogy: This new Group company is responsible for
business activities in renewables, grids and retail. innogy
plans, builds and operates facilities for the generation of
electricity from renewable sources, mainly wind and
hydroelectric power. The regional focus is on Germany, the
United Kingdom, Spain, the Netherlands and Poland.

The second main area of innogy’'s business is the

41

operation of distribution networks in Germany (electricity
and gas), the Czech Republic (gas), and in Slovakia,
Hungary and Poland (all three electricity). The supply of
electricity, gas and energy solutions forms the third pillar
of innogy’s business. The sales markets are Germany,

the Netherlands, Belgium, the United Kingdom, the

Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Poland and a few
other Central Eastern European countries. Some fully
consolidated German regional utilities, and non-controlling
interests in utilities, such as German municipal utilities and
the Austrian company KELAG, are also assigned to innogy.

We present certain groupwide activities outside the divisions
in the segment Other, consolidation. This applies to the
Group holding company RWE AG as well as our in-house
service providers, RWE Group Business Services and RWE
Service. This segment also includes our 25.1% interest in the
German electricity transmission system operator Amprion.

Net recognition of trading transactions. Further changes
to our reporting relate to the manner in which sales volumes
and revenue from trading transactions are recognised. We
are making increased use of the net disclosure method for
more kinds of transactions than in the past. This mainly
applies to gas trading, but also to electricity trading to a
limited degree. When stating net figures, purchases and
sales are netted against each other. Therefore, in contrast to
gross recognition, pure trading transactions do not impact
sales volume. Only the trading margins are recognised in
revenue. This leads to commensurate reductions in sales
volume and revenue in the Trading/Gas Midstream Division
but does not affect earnings. The figures for 2015 have been
adjusted accordingly.

Terminological changes with EBITDA and operating
result. In July 2016, the guidelines of the European
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on the application
of alternative performance measures came into force.

One goal of these guidelines is to ensure that the basic
principles of transparency and comparability are followed
when indicators which are not defined in binding terms in
accounting standards are used. Among other things,

they call for the use of unambiguous terms. Against this
backdrop, we have changed the term for EBITDA to ‘adjusted
EBITDA’ and the term for operating result to ‘adjusted EBIT’.
By doing so, we highlight that important special items have
been removed from these indicators and are reported in the
non-operating result. There is no change in content
associated with the use of the new terms.
42 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.7 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

The persistently difficult conditions in the conventional power generation business had a severe impact on the

Group’s financial statements. Large impairments on our German power plant portfolio and burdens stemming from
the legal reorganisation of nuclear waste disposal caused the net income of the RWE Group to fall to -€5.7 billion.
Nevertheless, we were able to achieve our earnings targets for 2016. The Group’s adjusted EBITDA of €5.4 billion and
adjusted EBIT of €3.1 billion were both near the higher end of the range we had forecast. This was largely due to

efficiency enhancing measures in the Conventional Power Generation Division, which we were able to implement more

quickly than scheduled.

Business performance in 2016: What we forecast and what we accomplished

Outlook vs. actual 2015 actual Outlook for fiscal 2016! 2016 actual Forecast fulfilled?
€ million € million
Adjusted EBITDA? 7,017 €5.2 billion to €5.5 billion 5,403 Yes
Adjusted EBIT? 3,837 €2.8 billion to €3.1 billion 3,082 Yes
Conventional Power Generation 596 Significantly below previous year 627 Actual > Outlook
Trading/Gas Midstream 156 Significantly above previous year -145 Actual < Outlook
innogy 3,050 Moderately below previous year 2,735 Yes
Adjusted net income 1,125 €0.5 billion to €0.7 billion 777 Actual > Outlook

1 See page 89 of the 2015 Annual Report; for innogy’s outlook, see our interim statement on the first three quarters of 2016, page 14.
Qualifiers such as ‘moderately’ or ‘significantly’ indicate percentage deviations from the previous year’s figures.

2 Changed term, formerly ‘EBITDA’; see explanation on the previous page.
3 Changed term, formerly ‘operating result’; see explanation on the previous page.

Electricity production up modestly compared to previous
year. In the financial year that just came to a close, the

RWE Group produced 216.1 billion kWh of electricity. In
2016, 34% of our electricity generation was from lignite,
25% from gas, 20% from hard coal, and 14% from nuclear.
The share of renewable energy amounted to 5%. Power
production increased modestly compared to 2015. The main
reason for this was that market conditions for our gas-fired
power stations improved, leading to higher utilisation of
these plants, especially in the United Kingdom. However,
there were declines in production from other generation
technologies which are important to us. Generation from
lignite was impacted by scheduled maintenance and plant
outages due to damages. While the availability of our hard
coal-fired plants improved, there were counteracting effects

from unfavourable market conditions in the United Kingdom.

Additionally, our Dutch hard coal-fired station Amer 8 was
shutdown from 1 January 2016, to comply with energy
policy requirements. The sale of our UK hard coal-fired plant
in Lynemouth also resulted in volume losses. After RWE
Supply & Trading had acquired the plant in 2012, it paved

the way for the station to be transformed into a biomass
plant using state subsidies; the station was subsequently
sold to an investor at the beginning of 2016. Electricity
production from renewables was slightly down compared to
2015, partly due to the lower wind levels throughout much
of Europe. Furthermore, the sale of our 33.3% stake in
Zephyr Investments Limited had an impact: based on
contractually agreed electricity purchases, prior to
completion of the transaction in mid-2016 our reporting had
included a portion of the generation and capacity of
Zephyr’s UK wind farm portfolio. By contrast, the two newly
constructed offshore wind farms, Gwynt y M6r off the coast
of Wales and Nordsee Ost near Heligoland, had a positive
effect on volumes, as both were online at full capacity
throughout the year for the first time.

In addition to our own generation, we also procure
electricity from external suppliers: in 2016, this totalled
65.3 billion kWh (previous year: 64.7 billion kWh).
In-house generation and power purchases combined for
281.4 billion kWh (previous year: 277.7 billion kWh).
Business performance 43
Power generation Lignite Hard coal Gas Nuclear Renewables Pumped Total
storage,
oil, other
Billion kWh 2016 «82015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Conventional Power
Generation 74.30 77.8 44.2 44.7 52.6 42.0 30.1 31.7 1.1 1.1 3.0 3.0 205.3 200.3
of which:
Germany’ 68.9 72.5 224 21.7 6.3 3.5 29.0 30.6 0.7 0.8 3.0 3.0 130.3 132.1
Netherlands/Belgium - - 15.1 15.4 6.9 5.8 1.1 1.1 - - = - 23.1 22.3
United Kingdom - - 6.7 7.6 36.2 29.3 - - 0.4 0.3 - - 43.3 37.2
Hungary/Turkey 5.4 5.3 = - 3.2 3.4 = - = - - - 8.6 8.7
innogy? - - 0.1 0.2 0.7 0.6 - - 10.0 10.3 - - 10.8 11.1
RWE Group? 74.3 77.8 443 46.53 53.3 42.6 30.1 31.7 11.1 11.4 3.0 3.0 216.1 213.0?

1 Including electricity from generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. In 2016, this amounted to 11.0 billion kWh
(previous year: 11.1 billion kWh) in the Conventional Power Generation Division, of which 7.8 billion kWh (previous year: 7.7 billion kWh) was generated by hard coal-fired power

plants.

2 Prior to the sale of our stake in Zephyr Investments Limited in mid-2016, electricity purchases from Zephyr's wind farms are included: these amounted to 0.3 billion kWh in 2016

(previous year: 0.8 billion kWh).

3 Including the production of the hard coal-fired power plant Lynemouth in the Trading/Gas Midstream Division, which was sold in early 2016.

One of Europe’s biggest power producers with 46.4 GW
in generation capacity. At the end of 2016, the RWE Group
had an installed capacity of 46.4 GW, giving us a leading
market position in Europe. This figure includes mothballed
stations, which are not currently operated for economic
reasons. Our generation capacity fell by 1.6 GW last year,
with most of this decline accounted for by hard coal. In
particular, capacity dropped due to the decommissioning of
Amer 8, which had a net capacity of 611 MW, and the sale
of Lynemouth with a capacity of 395 MW. Additionally, at
the end of March 2016 we took the 284 MW hard coal-fired
power station Westphalia C in Hamm offline, due to
unfavourable market conditions. At innogy, the sale of

Zephyr Investments Limited resulted in a decline in capacity.
To some extent, our subsidiary was able to offset this by
commissioning additional onshore wind farms, especially in
the Netherlands.

In relation to our generation capacity, gas is our main source
of energy. At the end of 2016, it accounted for 33%,
followed by lignite with a share of 24% and hard coal with
20%. Renewables and nuclear power have a share of 9%
each. The regional focus of our generation business is
Germany, where 62% of our installed capacity is located.
The United Kingdom and the Netherlands follow, accounting
for shares of 21% and 12%, respectively.

Power generation capacity

Gas Lignite Hard coal Renewables Nuclear Pumped Total Total
storage, 31 Dec 2015

As of 31 Dec 2016, in MW oil, other
Conventional Power Generation 14,964 11,059 8,688 284 4,054 2,831 41,880 42,977

of which:

Germany! 4,411 10,296 5,071 55 3,908 2,549 26,290 26,496
Netherlands/Belgium 3,057 - 2,057 158 146 - 5,418 6,228
United Kingdom 6,649 - 1,560 55 - 282 8,546 8,627
Hungary /Turkey 847 763 - 16 - - 1,626 1,626
innogy 243 7 399 3,735 - 137 4,531 4,680°
RWE Group 15,207 11,076 9,087 4,019 4,054 2,968 46,411 48,0523

1 Including generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term contracts. As of end-2016, this amounted to 4,373 MW
(previous year: 4,629 MW) in the Conventional Power Generation Division, including hard coal-fired power stations with a combined capacity of 2,173 MW (unchanged).

2. This figure includes a portion of the generation capacity of Zephyr Investments Limited.

3 Including the hard coal-fired power plant Lynemouth in the Trading/Gas Midstream Division, which was sold in early 2016.
44

Modest decline in CO, emissions. Last year, our power
stations emitted 148.3 million metric tons of carbon dioxide.
Our own plants accounted for 141.2 million metric tons, and
the remaining 7.1 million metric tons came from
contractually secured capacity. Compared to 2015, our CO,
emissions declined by 2.5 million metric tons or 2%. As
forecast, specific emissions, i.e. carbon dioxide emissions
per megawatt hour of electricity generated, also declined
moderately, dropping from 0.708 to 0.686 metric tons. This
was mainly because last year we produced less electricity
using coal and more using natural gas.

Since the beginning of the third emissions trading period,
which started on 1 January 2013, the countries of Western
Europe have only allocated free emission allowances to
energy utilities in exceptional cases. Of the 147.1 million
metric tons of carbon dioxide that we emitted in EU
countries in 2016, we were only able to cover 4.5 million
metric tons with such state allocations. We purchased
emission allowances on the market for the remaining
142.6 million metric tons.

Emissions balance by division CO, emissions

Free allocation of CO, certificates Shortage of CO, certificates

Million metric tons of CO, 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Conventional Power Generation 147.6 148.9 4.2 5.2 142.2 142.4
of which:
Germany! 106.8 109.1 4.2 5.1 102.6 104.0
Netherlands/Belgium 14.0 14.8 = 0.1 14.0 14.7
United Kingdom 19.1 17.4 - - 19.1 17.4
Hungary /Turkey? 7.7 7.6 = - 6.5 6.3
innogy 0.7 0.7 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.3
RWE Group 148.3 150.8? 4.5 5.6 142.6 143.9%

1 Includes generation capacities not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. In 2016, they produced 7.1 million metric tons of CO,

(previous year: 6.9 million metric tons).

2 As Turkey does not participate in the European Union Emissions Trading System, we do not need emission allowances for our CO, emissions in that country.
3 Including the emissions of the hard coal-fired power plant Lynemouth in the Trading/Gas Midstream Division, which was sold in early 2016.

Lignite production totals 90.5 million metric tons. The
fuels used by our power stations are sourced by our
generation companies either directly on the market or via
RWE Supply & Trading. However, we source lignite from
proprietary opencast mines. In our main mining region,
which is west of Cologne, we produced 90.5 million metric

tons of lignite last year (previous year: 95.2 million metric
tons), of which 78.9 million metric tons were used to
generate electricity in our power plants. The remainder was
used to manufacture refined products (e.g. briquettes) and,
to a limited extent, to generate process steam and district
heat.
Business performance

External electricity sales volume’ Residential and Industrial and Distributors Total
commercial customers corporate customers

Billion kWh 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015

Conventional Power Generation 0.2 0.2 2.4 2.4 17.5 19.2 20.1 21.8

Trading /Gas Midstream = - 30.3 31.2 = - 39.3? 34.6?

innogy 52.3 53.7 73.5 76.9 79.3 74.4 205.1 205.0

RWE Group? 52.6 54.0 106.2 110.5 96.8 93.6 264.6 261.5

1 Methodological changes in the recognition of trading transactions resulted in the adjustment of prior-year figures; see explanation on page 41.
2 Including volume effects of the sale of self-generated electricity on the wholesale market. If these sales volumes exceed the purchases made for supply purposes, the positive balance
is recognised in the sales volume. In 2016, the balance was 9.0 billion kWh compared to 3.4 billion kWh in the preceding year.

3 Including volumes subsumed under ‘Other, consolidation’.

Marginal rise in electricity sales volume. In the year under
review, RWE sold 264.6 billion kWh of electricity to external
customers. This was slightly more than in the previous year,
as, among other things, RWE Supply & Trading sold higher
amounts of electricity from RWE power plants on the
wholesale market. innogy’s Retail Division accounted for the
bulk of electricity sales. One positive factor was that in
business with German distributors, our subsidiary was able
to add new customers and intensify its supply activities with
existing customers. Another reason for the increase in sales
volume was that, based on contractual arrangements, we
obtained sole control over the Slovak energy utility VSE in

August 2015 and have since fully consolidated the company,
which is now owned by innogy. As a result, 2016 was the
first year that VSE contributed to electricity sales for the
entire period. This was reflected in the residential and
commercial enterprises, and industrial and corporate
customers segments. Despite this, the volume of sales in
these two segments decreased. One of the reasons for this
was the loss of customers in the United Kingdom and the
Netherlands due to competition, which could not be offset
by gains in Eastern Europe. Additionally, the trend towards
saving energy had an effect.

External gas sales volume’ Residential and Industrial and Distributors Total
commercial customers corporate customers

Billion kWh 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015

Trading/Gas Midstream = - 24.7 25.5 0.3 3.7 25.0 29.2

innogy 102.9 102.6 83.1 81.1 54.1 60.1 240.1 243.8

RWE Group 102.9 102.6 107.8 106.6 54.4 63.8 265.1 273.0

1 Methodological changes in the recognition of trading transactions resulted in the adjustment of prior-year figures; see explanation on page 41.

Gas supply volume down 3% on previous year. Our gas
sales dropped by 3% to 265.1 billion kWh. The main reason
for this was that some German distributors which were
previously supplied by innogy purchased more or all of their
gas from other suppliers. By contrast, as of 1 April 2016
innogy’s subsidiary MASZ acquired the industrial and
corporate customers of the Hungarian gas utility TIGAZ

(see page 40). In the residential and commercial segment,
the cooler weather conditions had a tangible effect. This was
contrasted by negative effects from customer losses and
more efficient energy use. In the Trading/Gas Midstream
Division, gas sales to distributors were strongly affected by
the methodological changes to the recognition of volumes.
46 RWE Annual Report 2016

External revenue! 2016 2015 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation 1,967 2,224 -11.6
Trading/Gas Midstream 3,646 3,318 9.9
innogy 40,149 42,482 -5.5
Other, consolidation 71 66 7.6
RWE Group 45,833 48,090 -4.7
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 2,243 2,242 -
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 43,590 45,848 -49

1 Methodological changes in the recognition of trading transactions resulted in the adjustment of prior-year figures; see explanation on page 41.

External revenue reflects declining sales to customers
and the weak exchange rate of sterling. In 2016, the

RWE Group generated €45,833 million in external revenue.
This figure includes the natural gas and electricity tax.
Compared to the previous year, our revenue declined by 5%.
Revenues from sales of electricity fell by 4% to

€32,534 million, largely due to the decline in sales to
residential, commercial and industrial customers; this decline
in revenues could not be offset by increased sales to German
distributors. One positive effect was that in 2016 the Slovak
energy utility VSE contributed to Group revenue for a full

year for the first time. Revenues from gas sales dropped by
11% to €10,330 million, in part due to lower supply
volumes. In addition, some of our supply companies lowered
their prices. The RWE Group's sales were also affected by
developments in exchange rates: sterling cost an average of
€1.22, as opposed to €1.38 a year earlier, which lowered the
revenues generated in the UK after converting into euros.
Net of the one-off effects from VSE and currency exchange
rates, our external revenue fell by 3%.

Adjusted EBITDA' 2016 2015 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation 1,456 2,285 -36.3
Trading /Gas Midstream -139 164 -184.8
innogy 4,203 4,521 -7.0
Other, consolidation -117 47 348.9
RWE Group 5,403 7,017 -23.0
1 Changed term, formerly ‘EBITDA’; see explanation on page 41.

Adjusted EBIT' 2016 2015 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation? 627 596 5.2
Trading/Gas Midstream -145 156 -192.9
innogy 2,735 3,050 -10.3
Other, consolidation -135 35 -485.7
RWE Group 3,082 3,837 -19.7

1 Changed term, formerly ‘operating result’; see explanation on page 41.
2 Of which United Kingdom: €97 million (2016) and -€71 million (2015).
Business performance

Operating earnings near the upper end of the forecast. In
the financial year that just ended, we achieved earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation
(EBITDA) of €5,403 million. As we do not take into account
material non-operating and aperiodic effects in determining
this indicator, from now on we will use the term ‘adjusted
EBITDA’ in the interests of clarity. The operating result -
which for the same reason is now referred to as ‘adjusted
EBIT’ - amounted to €3,082 million. Both these indicators
are near the upper end of the forecast range. Our outlook
published in March 2016 had projected adjusted EBITDA in
a range of €5.2 billion to €5.5 billion and adjusted EBIT of
€2.8 billion to €3.1 billion (see 2015 Annual Report,

page 89).

Compared to the previous year, our earnings deteriorated
significantly. We recorded a 23 % decline in adjusted EBITDA
and a 20% drop in adjusted EBIT. The main reasons for this
were declining margins in conventional electricity
generation, a negative performance in the trading business
and the absence of one-off earnings from the previous year
at innogy. These were contrasted by positive effects from
improved efficiency in conventional power generation.

The following is a breakdown of the development of the
adjusted EBIT by division:

= Conventional Power Generation: Adjusted EBIT increased
by 5% to €627 million in this Division. In March 2016, we
had projected a sharp decline. The better than expected
result was achieved because we were able to implement
efficiency enhancing measures more quickly. Unplanned
one-off income also played a role: among others, this
included the settlement for damages we reached with the
insurers in early July in relation to the new hard coal-fired
power station at Hamm (Westphalia) and from the sale of
property in the United Kingdom. Depreciation and
amortisation were lower than the previous year, as
expected. This was due to the lower book values resulting
from impairments recognised for power plants in the 2015
consolidated financial statements. Expenses for the
nuclear fuel tax and for restructuring measures also
declined. Above and beyond this, one-off burdens from
the previous year ceased to have an effect; these burdens
had been a consequence of our decision not to complete
the construction of Unit D at the new hard coal-fired
power plant in Hamm (see page 39). One negative impact
on earnings was that our electricity generation was sold at

47

lower wholesale prices than in 2015. This mainly impacted
our lignite and nuclear power plants, while the margins of
our hard coal and gas-fired power stations were more
stable on the whole and actually improved in some cases,
due to lower fuel prices. In addition, we formed provisions
for impending losses on electricity purchasing agreements
during the year under review.

Trading/Gas Midstream: This Division closed with adjusted
EBIT of -€145 million, after posting a positive figure of
€156 million in the previous year. Therefore, the expected
improvement in income compared to 2015 failed to
materialise. The reason for this was that we experienced a
particularly weak performance in energy trading during
the second quarter, which resulted in substantial losses.
Losses were also registered in the fourth quarter, but to a
much lesser extent. The performance of the gas
midstream business was better. One positive factor was
that at the end of May we reached an out-of-court
settlement with Gazprom regarding our gas procurement
contract, which ensures that the contract will not expose
us to earnings risks for the foreseeable future (see

page 39).

innogy: At €2,735 million, the adjusted EBIT of our
subsidiary was in line with expectations. This indicator
decreased by 10% compared to 2015. One of the reasons
for this was that the previous year's result included one-off
income of €185 million from the revaluation of the
investment in the Slovakian energy utility VSE. Of this
amount, €143 million was allocated to the grid business
and €42 million to the retail business. The revaluation was
carried out as a part of the first-time consolidation of VSE.

This effect was one of the main reasons why innogy’s
result in the Grid & Infrastructure Division was significantly
lower than in the previous year. Increased expenses for
grid maintenance and the formation of provisions for
old-age part-time employment measures in Germany

were additional negative factors.

Earnings from the renewables business also fell sharply.
The main reasons for this include lower production as a
result of the low wind levels in the second half of the year
and lower prices in wholesale electricity trading. The
depreciation of sterling versus the euro also had a
negative impact. Moreover, last year’s result still included
48

extraordinary income from the sale of the network
infrastructure of Gwynt y Mé6r, our Welsh offshore wind
farm, and shares in the Galloper offshore wind project.
One positive factor was that the new wind farms Nordsee
Ost and Gwynt y Mor were both online at full capacity for
an entire year for the first time.

In the Retail Division, the third pillar of innogy's business,
a modest gain was recorded, despite the aforementioned
effects from the revaluation of VSE. One positive factor
was that in 2016 the Slovak utility contributed to the
Division's revenue for a full year for the first time. innogy
also profited from efficiency enhancing measures.

Moreover, innogy’s supply companies were often able to
purchase electricity and gas at lower prices. In Germany,
however, there was a rise in up-front costs (network fees,
taxes and levies) which outstripped the advantages from
lower purchase prices. In the UK retail business, the
restructuring programme launched in early 2016 started
to bear fruit, after the 2015 operating result was curtailed
by process and system-related billing problems. However,
earnings were undermined by a loss of commercial
customers. Furthermore, depreciation increased in the
wake of significant investments in IT. In the Czech gas
business, innogy profited from the positive weather
effects on demand.

Non-operating result 2016 2015 +/-
€ million € million
Capital gains /losses 94 31 63
Impact of derivatives on earnings -799 296 -1,095
Restructuring, other -5,956 -3,212 -2,744
Non-operating result -6,661 -2,885 -3,776

Reconciliation to net income: significant burdens due to
impairments and the nuclear energy act. Reconciliation
of the adjusted EBIT to net income was impacted by

high one-off burdens in the field of conventional power
generation. These were the main factors which caused the
non-operating result to deteriorate from -€2,885 million
(2015) to -€6,661 million. The individual items developed
as follows:

= We realised a book gain of €94 million on the sale of
stakes and assets, compared to €31 million in the previous
year. The most important individual transaction was the
sale of our 33.3% stake in Zephyr Investments Limited,
which resulted in a book gain of €76 million.

= Changes in the value of certain derivatives which we use
to hedge against price fluctuations resulted in a net loss
of €799 million, which is mostly allocated to innogy.
By contrast, a gain of €296 million had been recorded
for the previous year. Pursuant to IFRS, derivatives in
off-balance-sheet hedging relationships are accounted for
at fair value at the corresponding balance sheet date,
whereas the underlying transactions (which display the
opposite development) are only recognised as a profit or
loss when they are realised. These timing differences
result in short-term effects on earnings, which are
neutralised over time.

Due to significant one-off burdens, a loss of €5,956 million
was recorded for the ‘Restructuring, other’ item, which
was higher than in the previous year (€3,212 million). As
in 2015, this item includes impairments on property, plant
and equipment: they amounted to €4.3 billion (previous
year: €2.5 billion). Impairments of €3.7 billion related to
our German power plants which were carried out because
of the persistently difficult conditions in conventional
power generation. Some other small impairments were
recognised: these related to German gas storage facilities
and Polish wind farms of innogy, our gas-fired power
station in the Turkish city of Denizli, our biomass-fired
plant in Markinch, Scotland, and the Dutch nuclear power
plant Borssele, in which we own a 30% stake. A large
one-off burden stemmed from the law on the restructuring
of responsibilities for nuclear waste disposal. In relation to
the new nuclear energy fund, in addition to the base
amount, we must also pay a 35% risk surcharge which
releases us from any potential future obligations in the
event of cost increases, as noted on page 34. This
surcharge amounts to €1.8 billion and has an
earnings-reducing effect.
Business performance 49
Financial result 2016 2015 +/-
€ million € million
Interest income 271 265 6
Interest expenses -914 -1,069 155
Net interest -643 -804 161
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -1,288 -821 -467
Other financial result -297 36 -333
Financial result -2,228 -1,589 -639

The financial result for the RWE Group declined by
€639 million to -€2,228 million. Its components changed as
follows:

" Net interest improved by €161 million to -€643 million,
mainly due to the decline in interest expenses. The
redemption of a senior bond with a carrying amount of
€850 million and a coupon of 6.25% p.a. in April 2016
played a role here. Moreover, our short-term refinancing
activities with commercial paper benefited from the sharp
fall in market interest rate levels.

= Interest accretion to non-current provisions rose by
€467 million to €1,288 million, because we now apply a
lower real discount rate in determining the net present
value of the portion of the nuclear waste management
obligations which remain with RWE pursuant to the legal
restructuring of responsibilities for nuclear waste disposal.
This results in an increase in the provisions for nuclear
waste management, which is taken into consideration in
the interest accretion. More information on this subject
can be found in the Notes on page 134 et seq.

= The other financial result declined by €333 million to
-€297 million, mainly due to losses on sales of securities;
in the previous year, we recorded high gains on such
transactions.

Income from continuing operations before tax amounted to
-€5,807 million (previous year: -€637 million). The tax
income was €323 million, representing a tax rate of 6%. This
unusually low figure stems from the fact that we did not
capitalise any deferred taxes in RWE AG's tax group, because
we do not expect to be able to use them. Deferred tax
assets constitute the right to future tax reductions resulting
from differences in the statement and/or valuation of assets
and debt between the tax and IFRS balance sheets. The
prerequisite for capitalising deferred taxes is that tax gains

are made in subsequent fiscal years, which allow the use of
the tax reduction. This is currently not foreseeable for the
tax group of RWE AG, due in part to the poor earnings
outlook in the conventional generation business. The reason
that tax income is reported in the consolidated financial
statements at all is mainly due to the fact that innogy SE
capitalised deferred taxes for its tax group. This in turn was
caused by the discovery of tax-relevant hidden reserves
during the reorganisation of the RWE Group.

After taxes, our continuing operations generated a loss of
€5,484 million (previous year: €1,240 million). During the
reporting period, there was no income from discontinued
operations; in the previous year, we had stated a figure of
€1,524 million for this item, mainly due to the book gain on
the sale of RWE Dea in March 2015.

Non-controlling interests declined by €189 million to

€167 million, in part because some fully consolidated
German regional utilities, in which third parties hold stakes,
reported lower net income compared to 2015. Another
factor was the impairment recognised on the gas-fired
power plant in Denizli, in which the Turkish energy firm
Turcas has a 30% stake. Furthermore, in RWE’s consolidated
financial statements for the fourth quarter we recognised
negative net income for innogy, in which external
shareholders have held a 23.2% stake since October of last
year. This was mainly due to the aforementioned temporary
effects from the fair valuation of derivatives.

The portion of our earnings attributable to hybrid capital
investors amounted to €59 million (previous year:

€98 million). Only one of our seven hybrid bonds, namely
the one with a volume of £750 million, is taken into account
here, as according to IFRS this bond is classified as equity,
due to its theoretically perpetual tenor. A second bond that
met this criterion was redeemed on 28 September 2015.
50 RWE Annual Report 2016

Compared to 2015, the developments presented above
resulted in a significant deterioration in net income, which
amounted to -€5,710 million (previous year: -€170 million).
Based on the 614.7 million in RWE shares outstanding, this
corresponds to earnings per share of -€9.29 (previous year:
-€0.28).

Adjusted net income slightly better than projected, at
€777 million. Our adjusted net income amounted to

€777 million. Adjusted net income differs from net income in
that the non-operating result (including applicable taxes),

which is affected by special items, is deducted from it.

If other material one-off effects occur, these are also
eliminated. In 2016, this included the effects of the interest
rate adjustment for nuclear provisions. Compared to 2015,
adjusted net income fell by 31%, mainly due to the weaker
operating earnings. Nevertheless, it marginally exceeded the
projected range of €0.5 billion to €0.7 billion, among other
things due to positive tax effects.

Reconciliation to net income 2016 2015 +/-
%
Adjusted EBITDA’ € million 5,403 7,017 -23.0
Operating depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses € million -2,321 -3,180 27.0
Adjusted EBIT? € million 3,082 3,837 -19.7
Non-operating result € million -6,661 -2,885 -130.9
Financial result € million -2,228 -1,589 -40.2
Income from continuing operations before tax € million -5,807 -637 -811.6
Taxes on income € million 323 -603 153.6
Income from continuing operations € million -5,484 -1,240 -342.3
Income from discontinued operations € million - 1,524 -
Income € million -5,484 284 -
of which:
Non-controlling interest € million 167 356 -53.1
RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest € million 59 98 -39.8
Net income/income attributable to RWE AG shareholders € million -5,710 -170 -
Adjusted net income € million 717 1,125 -30.9
Earnings per share € -9.29 -0.28 -
Adjusted net income per share € 1.26 1.83 -
Number of shares outstanding (annual average) millions 614.7 614.7 -
Effective tax rate % 6 - -

1 Changed term, formerly ‘EBITDA’; see explanation on page 41.
2 Changed term, formerly ‘operating result’; see explanation on page 41.

Efficiency improvements reach approximately

€300 million. During the past year, we took wide-ranging
measures to reduce costs and increase revenue. This largely
occurred as part of the efficiency-enhancement programme
started in 2012, which focused on the improvement of
operational processes and savings in administration and IT.
In the past year, this had a positive effect on the result of
around €300 million, which was more than expected. As
noted above, we made faster-than-scheduled progress in
implementing the programme in the Conventional Power
Generation Division.

The efficiency-enhancement programme was originally
designed to end in 2018 and tap into a total of €2.5 billion
in additional earnings potential. As a result of the measures
taken since 2012, by the end of last year we had already
achieved €1.9 billion, with €1.3 billion of this registered in
the Conventional Power Generation Division. We will
continue to press forward with our efforts to improve the
cost and revenue situation. In the future, however, RWE AG
and innogy will be pursuing their efficiency-enhancement
programmes separately and not as part of a groupwide
programme. This stems from the operating independence
of our subsidiary.
Business performance 51
Capital expenditure 2016 2015 +/-
€ million € million
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets 2,027 2,898 -871
of which:
Conventional Power Generation 333 855 -522
Trading/Gas Midstream 4 10 -6
innogy 1,679 2,024 -345
Other, consolidation 11 9 2
Capital expenditure on financial assets 355 405 -50
Total capital expenditure 2,382 3,303 -921

As expected, capital expenditure was significantly lower
than in the previous year. During the past fiscal year, our
capital expenditure amounted to €2,382 million, down 28%
on 2015. This was in line with expectations, as we had
forecast capital expenditure of €2.0 billion to €2.5 billion.
The majority of our expenditure was on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, in the amount of

€2,027 million (previous year: €2,898 million). Spending on
financial assets was less significant, at €355 million (previous
year: €405 million). For the most part, this occurred at
innogy and stemmed from the need to provide newly
founded or existing subsidiaries with capital among others.

Our expenditure on property, plant and equipment in the
Conventional Power Generation Division was focused on
maintaining and modernising the power plants and opencast
mining operations. This expenditure was considerably lower

than the level recorded in the previous year, which was
dominated by high spending at the new hard coal-fired
power station in Hamm and the Dutch plant in Eemshaven.
Furthermore, in 2015 we also made major investments in
modernising the UK gas-fired plants Pembroke and
Staythorpe. The capital expenditure of innogy concentrates
on the maintenance and expansion of the distribution grids,
the construction of new electricity generation capacities
using renewables and the development of new retail
products. Our subsidiary’s expenditure on property, plant
and equipment also fell sharply, among other things because
two large-scale projects, the offshore wind farms Nordsee
Ost and Gwynt y Mor, were completed in 2015. Furthermore,
during the year under review less was spent on German
network infrastructure and on IT projects in the UK retail
business.

Workforce’ 31Dec2016 31 Dec 2015 +/-

%
Conventional Power Generation 15,652 16,262 -3.8
Trading /Gas Midstream 1,086 1,270 -14.5
innogy 40,636 40,160 1.2
Other? 1,278 2,070 —38.3
RWE Group 58,652 59,762 -1.9

1 Converted to full-time positions.

2 At the end of 2016, this included 922 employees at RWE Group Business Services (end of 2015: 1,483), 243 at RWE Service (end of 2015: 320) and 101 at the holding company

RWE AG (end of 2015: 267).

Headcount reduced by around 1,100. As of 31 December
2016, the RWE Group had 58,652 people on its payroll, of
which 34,835 worked at sites in Germany and 23,817 at
sites in other countries. Part-time positions were considered
in these figures on a pro-rata basis. During the past year,

a total of 1,110 employees left the company. Of these,

735 were employed in Germany and 375 at facilities abroad.
Streamlining measures played a central role, particularly in

the Conventional Power Generation Division. In the Trading/
Gas Midstream Division, the sale of the UK power plant
Lynemouth was a factor. The workforce at innogy increased
slightly, mainly due to employees of RWE AG and RWE Group
Business Services GmbH transferring to our subsidiary as
part of the Group's reorganisation. The staff figures do not
include young adults in professional training programmes.
At the end of 2016, 2,258 young people were learning a
profession at RWE, roughly as many as in the previous year.
52 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.8 FINANCIAL POSITION AND NET WORTH

The financial position of the RWE Group improved strongly as a result of the listing of innogy. Our net financial
debt declined to €1.7 billion in 2016, primarily due to the proceeds from the IPO. This is less than one quarter of
the level from the previous year. Our net debt, which contains a large portion of non-current provisions, fell by

€2.8 billion to €22.7 billion, despite the negative impact of the new law on nuclear waste disposal. With the
organisational restructuring of RWE, we have also optimised the financial structure within the Group by transferring

the bulk of our capital market debt to our subsidiary innogy.

Financing of the RWE Group. The reorganisation of

the RWE Group resulted in the restructuring of financial
responsibility: our subsidiary innogy is responsible for
financing the business transferred to it, while RWE AG bears
responsibility for financing the activities which remain under
its operational control. Companies which are controlled by
RWE AG or innogy SE only raise debt capital in specific cases,
for example if it is more advantageous economically to
make use of local credit and capital markets. RWE AG and
innogy SE act as co-ordinators when subsidiaries assume a
liability. This allows for the central management and
monitoring of financial risks. Moreover, this strengthens our
position when negotiating with banks, business partners,
suppliers and customers.

Flexible tools for raising debt capital. We largely meet
our financing needs with cash flows from operating
activities. For short-term refinancing, RWE AG has a
commercial paper programme, which allows it to raise

the equivalent of up to US$5 billion on the money market.
This programme was used extensively in 2016, with up to
€3.5 billion in outstanding paper at times. As a liquidity
reserve, we also have access to a €4 billion syndicated credit
line, of which €1.5 billion has been transferred to innogy
on an intra-group basis. This line of credit was granted to
us by an international consortium of banks. It expires at the
end of March 2021. We have not drawn on it so far.

In the past, we raised long-term debt capital through a debt
issuance programme, which allowed us to issue senior bonds
with a total volume of up to €30 billion. This programme has
been suspended since April 2016. In the current year,
however, we wish to re-establish it to issue new bonds if

necessary. At the end of 2016, there was a nominal volume
of €10.8 billion in senior bonds outstanding, which had
been issued as part of the debt issuance programme. As
explained below, innogy has assumed the role of debtor and
guarantor for these instruments.

When using the aforementioned financing instruments we
do not have to comply with any specific limits in terms of
leverage, capital structure or ratings which could trigger
actions, such as the acceleration of repayment, provision of
additional collateral, or higher interest payments.

innogy takes over the bulk of RWE’s capital market debt.
Along with the profitable, stable business activities, innogy
also assumed responsibility for the bulk of RWE AG's capital
market debt. In relation to the publicly-traded senior bonds
issued by our former Dutch subsidiary RWE Finance B.V., this
was done by selling the issuer to a predecessor of innogy SE
at the end of 2015. Despite this sale, however, RWE AG was
still the guarantor of the bonds at that point in time. In
relation to the private placements made by RWE AG itself,
the debt was initially transferred only in economic terms. To
do this, internal lending agreements were concluded, in
which the obligations of RWE AG to service the bonds were
mirrored by corresponding payment obligations of innogy to
RWE AG. Loans of €645 million and £350 million, which the
European Investment Bank (EIB) had granted us, were
economically allocated to innogy in the same manner. Above
and beyond this, our subsidiary assumed obligations
amounting to €2.9 billion vis-a-vis RWE AG, which cover the
majority of the liabilities from RWE’s hybrid bonds. The
above measures were completed before innogy was listed on
the stock market in October 2016.
Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Immediately after the public listing, we took additional steps
to legally transfer the capital market debt. In early 2017,
innogy replaced RWE AG as the guarantor for the public
senior bonds, and in relation to the private issues, as the
debtor. This was preceded by a vote of the bondholders,
which is provided for in such cases by the German Act on
Debt Securities. The quorums and majorities necessary for a
change in guarantor and debtor were achieved. Two senior
bonds to which the Act could not be applied were
transferred by a bond swap in December 2016. In one case,
involving a bond with a volume of €500 million maturing in

53

2037, a small residual amount remained with RWE AG. With
completion of the change in the debtor, the corresponding
intra-group loans were cancelled or reduced.

We are also working to achieve a change in debtor in relation
to the EIB loans. In December 2016, we began discussions
with EIB and these talks were still ongoing when this report
was finalised. We are confident that the Bank will give its
approval for the change in debtor during 2017.

RWE bonds: maturities /first possible call dates
(as of 31 Dec 2016)

€ billion

2.0

Year 2017 ‘18

19 ‘20 ‘21 ‘22 '23

Ml Senior bonds (transferred to innogy)

24 "25 '26 ‘27 ‘28 ‘29

30 ‘31 '32 '33 ‘34 °35 °36 ‘37 °38 #39 «40 41 42 «43

Hybrid bonds (RWE AG's first possible call dates)

Bond volume drops to €14.7 billion. At the end of 2016,
RWE AG and innogy SE had outstanding bonds with a
nominal volume equivalent to €14.7 billion. Of this total
amount, senior bonds account for €10.8 billion and hybrid
bonds for €3.9 billion. The outstanding volume of bonds
declined by €1.7 billion compared to 2015, in part because
we redeemed a bond with a volume of €850 million in April
2016. Furthermore, the value of the bonds issued in sterling
declined in euro terms, due to exchange rate developments.
Our bonds are denominated in euros, sterling, Swiss francs,
US dollars and yen. We concluded hedges to manage our
currency exposure. Taking such transactions into account, at
the balance-sheet date, our debt broke down into 63% in
euros and 37% in sterling. At the end of 2016, our senior
bonds outstanding had an average remaining maturity of
ten years.

Significantly lower borrowing costs. In 2016, cost of
debt for the RWE Group was 4.2%, compared to 4.8% in the
previous year. This was calculated for the average liabilities
for the year from bonds, commercial paper and bank loans.
Of the hybrid bonds, we only take into account those
classified as debt pursuant to IFRS. The decline in the cost
of capital was principally due to the aforementioned
redemption of an €850 million bond, which had a relatively
high coupon of 6.25%. Furthermore, in 2016 we made
more intensive use of our commercial paper programme to
refinance on the money market at favourable conditions.
54 RWE Annual Report 2016

Credit rating (as of 31 Dec 2016) Moody's Standard & Poor's Fitch
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baa3 BBB- BBB
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Ba2 BB BB+
Current financial liabilities P-3 A-3 F3
Outlook Negative! Stable Negative

1 Inrelation to hybrid bonds and bonds to be issued in the future by RWE AG; the outlook is stable for the outstanding senior bonds transferred to innogy.

Standard & Poor's and Moody’s downgrade RWE’s
long-term credit rating. The factors determining cost of
debt also include the assessment of our credit rating by
independent rating agencies. The three leading agencies,
Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch, are commissioned by
RWE to evaluate our creditworthiness. In view of the difficult
conditions in the conventional power generation business,
Moody’s and Standard & Poor's both downgraded the rating
of our senior bonds by one level last year. In May, Moody's
lowered our rating from Baa2 to Baa3. One month later,
Standard & Poor's changed it from BBB to BBB-. We are rated

BBB by the credit agency Fitch, which was commissioned to
issue us a rating for the first time in 2016. As a result, all
three of the agencies still rate our creditworthiness in the
investment-grade category. The rating outlook issued by
Standard & Poor's is stable, whereas Moody's and Fitch
have a negative outlook. In terms of assessing innogy’s
credit rating, the agencies generally use RWE AG's rating as
a guideline. In deviation from this, however, Fitch rates the
senior bonds of our subsidiary at A-. More information on
this subject can be found in innogy’s 2016 Annual Report.

Cash flow statement 2016 2015 +/-
€ million € million
Funds from operations 3,013 3,058 -45
Change in working capital -661 281 -942
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 2,352 3,339 -987
Cash flows from investing activities of continuing operations -4,570 -1,795 -2,775
Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations 4,282 -2,303 6,585
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes in value on cash and cash equivalents -24 14 -38
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents' 2,040 -745 2,785
Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations 2,352 3,339 -987
Minus capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets? -2,027 -2,898 871
Free cash flow 325 441 -116
Minus investments in financial assets? -281 -275 -6
Minus dividend payments -407 -1,070 663
Budget surplus/budget deficit -363 -904 541

1 Excluding ‘assets held for sale’, the change in cash and cash equivalents during the reporting period amounted to €2,054 million (previous year: -€649 million).

2 This item solely includes capital expenditure with an effect on cash.

Operating cash flows 30% down year on year. Cash

flows generated from the operating activities of continuing
operations fell by 30% to €2,352 million. In this regard,
certain issues relating to working capital came to bear,
which is generally exposed to larger fluctuations, particularly
in the Trading/Gas Midstream Division and in innogy’s grid
and supply businesses. A number of issues had an impact on

the comparison to the previous year. Among other things, in
2015, measures to optimise working capital had a positive
effect on the cash flow; some of these measures were scaled
back again in 2016 due to economic considerations.
Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Investment activities of continuing operations resulted in

a total cash outflow of €4,570 million. In addition to our
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and financial
assets, one factor behind this was purchases of securities,
which were carried out using proceeds from the IPO of
innogy. In addition, we increased the funding of our pension
commitments by transferring €0.4 billion in funds to trustees
and company pension institutions. The outflows presented
above were contrasted by proceeds from divestments in the
amount of €0.8 billion.

Financing activities of continuing operations led to revenues
of €4,282 million. This figure includes the entire proceeds
from the IPO of innogy, which amounted to €4.6 billion.
Moreover, we raised €0.5 billion under our commercial
paper programme and also increased our liabilities to banks.
As noted above, a counteracting effect was felt from the
redemption of a senior bond with a volume of €850 million.
In previous years, we had already bought back a nominal
volume of €43 million of this bond. Additional outflows
resulted from dividends paid to co-owners of fully
consolidated RWE companies, hybrid capital investors

and holders of preferred shares.

55

On balance, the presented cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities caused our holdings of
cash and cash equivalents to rise by €2,040 million.

Free cash flow, which is determined by deducting capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets from the cash flows from operating
activities, amounted to €325 million (previous year:

€441 million). Deducting the capital expenditure on
financial assets and the dividend payments from free cash
flow results in a ‘budget deficit’ of €363 million (previous
year: €904 million). We aim to fully finance our capital
expenditure and dividend payments with cash flows from
operating activities in order to achieve a budget that is at
least balanced. However, this is not feasible every financial
year. This is mainly because changes in working capital can
cause operating cash flows to fluctuate substantially.

Net debt" 31Dec2016 31 Dec 2015 +/-
€ million € million
Cash and cash equivalents 4,576 2,522 2,054
Marketable securities 10,065 7,676 2,389
Other financial assets 1,621 1,337 284
Financial assets 16,262 11,535 4,727
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt, commercial paper 15,921 16,981 -1,060
Hedge transactions related to bonds -263 -192 -71
Other financial liabilities 2,263 2,099 164
Financial liabilities 17,921 18,888 -967
Net financial debt 1,659 7,353 -5,694
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 6,761 5,842 919
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations 2) -15 -14
Provisions for nuclear waste management 12,699 10,454 2,245
Mining provisions 2,363 2,527 -164
Provisions for dismantling wind farms! 334 337 -3
Adjustment for hybrid capital (portion of relevance to the rating) -1,078 -1,035 -43

Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as equity 471 475 -4

Minus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt -1,549 -1,510 -39
Net debt 22,709 25,463 -2,754

1 Since the 2016 half-year interim financial statements, we have recognised provisions for dismantling wind farms under net debt; the figures for 2015 were adjusted accordingly.
56 RWE Annual Report 2016

Net debt declined due to higher proceeds from the
successful public listing of innogy. As of 31 December
2016, our net debt amounted to €22.7 billion, which was
€2.8 billion lower compared to 2015. We had forecast a
stable level. The decline in net debt stemmed mainly from
the amount of proceeds from the IPO of innogy, which was
not foreseeable at the time the forecast was made in March
2016. Furthermore, divestments also strengthened our
financial position. Moreover, the depreciation of sterling
caused the volume of our bonds issued in this currency to be
lower in euro terms. Due to these factors, our net financial
debt amounted to €1.7 billion, less than one quarter of the
amount from the previous year. This was contrasted by an
increase of €2.2 billion in provisions for nuclear waste
management, which stemmed from the adoption of the law
on the restructuring of responsibilities for nuclear waste
disposal. In the provisions, we took into account the risk
surcharge of €1.8 billion, which we will pay into the nuclear
energy fund in addition to the base amount. Furthermore,
we now apply a lower discount rate to the nuclear waste
management obligations which remain with us after the
transfer to the fund. As a result of this, the net present value
of these obligations is higher (see explanation in the Notes

on page 134 et seq.). Pension provisions also increased,
rising by €0.9 billion. The development of market interest
rates was the main factor in this regard. The discount rates
used in the 2016 financial statements are 1.8% in Germany
and 2.5% in the United Kingdom, compared to 2.4% and
3.6% in 2015, respectively. In addition to the rise in
provisions, the budget deficit discussed above also
weakened our financial position.

Lower off-balance-sheet obligations from long-term
procurement contracts. Net debt does not include our
off-balance-sheet obligations, which mostly result from
long-term contracts for the supply of fuel and electricity.
As of the balance-sheet date, payment obligations from
material procurement contracts amounted to €26 billion
for fuel (previous year: €42 billion) and €7.4 billion for
electricity (previous year: €7.9 billion). These figures

are based on assumptions regarding the prospective
development of commodity prices. For further commentary
on our off-balance-sheet obligations, please see page 147
et seq. in the Notes.

Group balance sheet structure 31 Dec 2016 31 Dec 2015
€ million % € million %
Assets
Non-current assets 45,911 60.1 51,453 64.9
of which:
Intangible assets 12,749 16.7 13,215 16.7
Property, plant and equipment 24,455 32.0 29,357 37.0
Current assets 30,491 39.9 27,881 35.1
of which:
Receivables and other assets’ 14,122 18.5 15,922 20.1
Assets held for sale - - 41 0.1
Total 76,402 100.0 79,334 100.0
Equity and liabilities
Equity 7,990 10.5 8,894 11.2
Non-current liabilities 39,646 51.9 45,315 57.1
of which:
Provisions 20,686 27.1 24,623 31.0
Financial liabilities 16,041 21.0 16,718 21.1
Current liabilities 28,766 37.6 25,125 31.7
of which:
Provisions 12,175 15.9 5,186 6.5
Other liabilities? 14,449 18.9 17,558 22.1
Liabilities held for sale - - 19 -
Total 76,402 100.0 79,334 100.0

1 Including financial accounts receivable, trade accounts receivable and income tax refund claims.

2 Including trade accounts payable and income tax liabilities.
Financial position and net worth

Balance sheet structure: impairments reduce the equity
ratio of the RWE Group. As of 31 December 2016, our
balance sheet total was €76.4 billion, slightly lower
compared to the figure for the previous year (€79.3 billion).

In part this was due to the decline of €4.9 billion in property,

plant and equipment, which mainly stemmed from the high
impairments on our German power plants. The value of our
derivatives also fell, with a decline of €2.1 billion on the
assets side and €2.3 billion on the liabilities side. This
occurred because numerous derivative transactions expired.
By contrast, the Group's holdings of securities, and cash and
cash equivalents increased by €2.4 billion and €2.1 billion,
respectively, mainly due to the proceeds from the IPO of

57

innogy. On the equity and liabilities side, these proceeds
added €4.6 billion to equity, of which €2.0 billion is
attributable to non-controlling interests. Despite this effect,
the equity of the RWE Group still fell by €0.9 billion to

€8.0 billion. Its share in the balance sheet total (equity ratio)
dropped from 11.2% to 10.5%. In addition to impairments,
another factor behind this was the €3.1 billion increase in
provisions for nuclear waste management and pensions.
Non-current provisions were lower on the whole than in
2015 because the amount that will be transferred to the new
nuclear energy fund is included in current provisions.
58 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.9 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF RWE AG

(HOLDING COMPANY)

As in the previous year, the financial statements of RWE AG were characterised by the difficult situation in

conventional electricity generation. We recorded a net loss of €1.0 billion for 2016. This was mainly due to the
substantial impairments recognised for our German power stations, which were only partly offset by the positive

effects of the reorganisation of the RWE Group.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial
statements in compliance with the rules set out in the
German Commercial Code and the German Stock Corporation
Act. The financial statements are submitted to

Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne, Germany,
which publishes them in the Federal Gazette. They can be
ordered directly from RWE and are also available on the

internet at www.rwe.com/ir.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31Dec2016  31Dec2015
€ million

Non-current assets

Financial assets 32,115 36,482
Current assets

Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 8,218 4,397
Other accounts receivable and other assets 753 711
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 4,887 1,822
Deferred tax assets - 451
Total assets 45,973 43,863
Equity 4,697 5,703
Provisions 2,419 3,002
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 32,136 28,386
Other liabilities 6,721 6,772
Total equity and liabilities 45,973 43,863
Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2016 2015
€ million

Income from financial assets -1,240 -74
Net interest -368 -1,038
Other income and expenses 1,176 -432
Taxes on income -569 -1,706
Net loss -1,001 -3,250
Retained earnings - -
Withdrawal from other retained earnings 1,006 3,255
Distributable profit 5 5
Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company) 59

Assets. RWE AG had €46.0 billion in total assets as of

31 December 2016. This represents an increase of

€2.1 billion over the previous year. The IPO of innogy
played a major role. Due to the proceeds from the sale of
innogy shares, marketable securities and cash and cash
equivalents clearly exceeded the previous year’s level.
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies also rose,
due to RWE AG's rights to the dividend payments of RWE
Downstream Beteiligungs GmbH, in which RWE's shares in
innogy are pooled. Analogous to the receivables, accounts
payable to affiliated companies also increased. This is
because RWE Power AG and RWE Generation SE incurred
substantial losses under commercial law due to power plant
impairments. Pursuant to profit- and loss-pooling
agreements, the parent company, RWE AG, is obligated to
offset the losses in the following year. By contrast, we
recorded a decline in financial assets, as shares in affiliated
companies were sold and the volume of loans to subsidiaries
declined. The equity ratio fell from 13.0% to 10.2%.

Financial position. As explained earlier, RWE AG is now only
responsible for financing the activities over which it retained
control after the IPO of innogy SE. A detailed presentation
of the financial position and financing activity in the year
under review has been made on page 52 et seqq.

Earnings position. In addition to the balance sheet, the
income statement of RWE AG was also characterised by the
reorganisation of the RWE Group and the difficult situation
in conventional electricity generation.

Income from financial assets posted by RWE AG deteriorated
by €1,166 million to -€1,240 million. This was primarily

due to the significant losses of RWE Power AG and

RWE Generation SE, which were only partially offset by the
rights to the dividend payments of RWE Downstream
Beteiligungs GmbH. Furthermore, RWE AG and certain
subsidiaries recognised impairments for stakes in domestic
and foreign Group companies. However, following
impairments in earlier years, write-ups were performed in
certain cases.

Net interest was also in the red, amounting to -€368 million.
However, it improved by €670 million compared to 2015.
This is because innogy assumed a large portion of the
capital market debt of RWE AG (see page 52 et seq.).

The net amount from other income and expenses improved
by €1,608 million to €1,176 million. Hidden reserves from
investments revealed during the reorganisation of

the RWE Group played an important role. Furthermore, we
abolished the tax apportionments with effect from the year
under review. In 2015, this item was negative and was
included in other income and expenses. The removal of the
apportionments caused the corresponding tax effects to be
reflected in income from financial assets.

RWE AG's tax expense amounted to €569 million (previous
year: €1,706 million), which was primarily caused by the
valuation allowances recognised for deferred tax assets.

Due to the developments set out above, RWE AG closed the
year with a net loss. However, at €1,001 million, it was much
lower than in 2015 (€3,250 million).

Dividend proposal for fiscal 2016. The Supervisory and
Executive Boards of RWE AG will propose to the Annual
General Meeting on 27 April 2017 that no dividend will be
paid for common shares for fiscal 2016. The dividend
proposed for holders of preferred shares is €0.13 per share,
which corresponds to the preferred share of profits
stipulated by the Articles of Incorporation. The dividend
proposal reflects the substantial financial burden that we
will bear in the middle of 2017 from endowing the new
nuclear energy fund (see page 34).

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Sec. 289a and Sec. 315, Paragraph 5 of the German
Commercial Code. On 15 February 2017, the Executive
Board of RWE AG issued a corporate governance statement
in accordance with Section 289a and Section 315,
Paragraph 5 of the German Commercial Code and published
it on the internet at
www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-declaration.
60 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.10 DISCLOSURE RELATING TO GERMAN TAKEOVER LAW

The following disclosure is in accordance with Section 315, Paragraph 4 and Section 289, Paragraph 4 of the German

Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The

information relates to issues that may play a role at RWE in the event of a change of control of the company and

pertains to executive board authorisations to change a company’s capital structure. These regulations are in line with

the standards of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's subscribed
capital consists of 575,745,499 no-par-value common shares
and 39,000,000 no-par-value preferred shares without
voting rights, each in the name of the bearer. They account
for 93.7% and 6.3% of the subscribed capital, respectively.
Holders of preferred shares are given priority when
distributable profit is distributed. Pursuant to the Articles

of Incorporation, it is appropriated in the following order:

1) to make any back payments on shares of the profit
allocable to preferred shares from preceding years;

2) to pay a preferred share of the profit of €0.13 per
preferred share;

3) to pay the share of the profit allocable to common shares
of up to €0.13 per common share; and

4) to make consistent payments of potential further portions
of the profit allocable to common and preferred shares,
unless the Annual General Meeting decides in favour of a
different appropriation.

The composition of the subscribed capital and the rights
and obligations of the shareholders comply with the
requirements of the law and the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting
rights. As of 31 December 2016, only one holding in

RWE AG exceeded 10% of the voting rights. It was held by
RWEB GmbH, which is headquartered in Dortmund,
Germany. On 1 October 2016, the company fell below a
reportable threshold in accordance with Sec. 21, Para. 1 of
the German Securities Trading Act, upon which it informed
us that it held 14.18% of RWE AG's voting stock as of that
date.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members/
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. Executive
Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Sec. 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in
connection with Sec. 31 of the German Co-Determination
Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are made
pursuant to Sec. 179 et seqq. of the German Stock
Corporation Act in connection with Art. 16, Para. 6 of the
Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. According to Article 16,
Paragraph 6 of the Articles of Incorporation, unless
otherwise required by law or the Articles of Incorporation,

the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all resolutions by
a simple majority of the votes cast. The legal right to
determine a majority of the capital required to amend the
Articles of Incorporation that differs from the majority
required by law was thus exercised. Pursuant to Art. 10,
Para. 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory
Board is authorised to pass resolutions to amend the
Articles of Incorporation that only concern the wording
without changing the content.

Executive Board authorisations for implementing share
buybacks. Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Annual
General Meeting on 16 April 2014, RWE AG is authorised to
buy back up to 10% of its capital stock as of the entry into
force of said resolution or - if this figure is lower - at the
exercise of this authorisation in shares of any kind until

15 April 2019. At the Executive Board’s discretion, the
acquisition shall be made on the stock exchange or via a
public purchase offer.

Shares purchased following this procedure may then be
cancelled. Furthermore, the purchased shares may be
transferred to third parties or sold otherwise in connection
with mergers or acquisitions of companies, parts of
companies, operations, or of stakes in companies. Shares
that are not sold on the stock exchange or through a tender
to all shareholders may only be sold for cash. Moreover, in
such cases, the sale price may not be significantly lower than
the price at which the shares are listed on the stock market.
The company may transfer shares bought back to the
holders of option or convertible bonds. The company may
also use the shares to fulfil its obligations resulting from
employee share schemes. In the aforementioned cases,
shareholder subscription rights are excluded. These
authorisations may be exercised in full or in part, or once or
several times for partial amounts.

Executive Board authorisation for the issuance of new
shares. Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Annual
General Meeting on 16 April 2014, the Executive Board

is authorised to increase the company’s capital stock,
subject to the Supervisory Board’s approval, by up

to €314,749,693.44 until 15 April 2019, through the
issuance of up to 122,949,099 new bearer common shares
in return for contributions in cash or in kind (authorised
capital). These authorisations may be exercised in full or
in part, or once or several times for partial amounts.
Disclosure relating to German takeover law

In principle, shareholders are entitled to subscription rights.
However, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
the Executive Board may exclude subscription rights in the
following cases: subscription rights may be excluded in
order to prevent the number of shares allocated from the
subscription resulting in fractional amounts (fractions of
shares). Subscription rights may also be excluded in order
to issue shares in exchange for contributions in kind for the
purposes of mergers or acquisitions of companies, parts
of companies, operations, or of stakes in companies.
Subscription rights may be excluded in the event of a

cash capital increase if the price at which the new shares
are issued is not significantly lower than the price at which
shares are quoted on the stock market and the portion of
the capital stock accounted for by the new shares, for
which subscription rights are excluded, does not exceed
10% in total. Furthermore, subscription rights may be
excluded in order to offer shares to potential holders of
convertible or option bonds commensurate to the rights
to which they would be entitled as shareholders on
conversion of the bond or on exercise of the option.

The Executive Board is authorised, subject to the approval
of the Supervisory Board, to determine the further details
and conditions of the share issuance.

In sum, the capital stock may not be increased by more
than 20% through the issuance of new shares excluding
subscription rights.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our
debt financing instruments often contain clauses that

take effect in the event of a change of control. This also
applies to our bonds. The following rule applies to
non-subordinated paper: in the event of a change of control
in conjunction with a drop in RWE AG's credit rating below
investment-grade status, creditors may demand immediate
redemption. If such a case occurs with innogy, the same
applies to the bonds for which innogy SE replaced RWE AG
as the issuer or guarantor. In the event of a change of
control, RWE AG has the right to cancel its subordinated
hybrid bonds within the defined change of control period;
if this does not occur, the annual compensation payable
on the hybrid bonds increases by 500 basis points.

61

RWE AG's €4 billion syndicated credit line includes a
change-of-control clause, which essentially has the following
content: in the event of a change of control or majority at
RWE, further drawings are suspended until further notice.
The lenders shall enter into negotiations with us on a
continuation of the credit line. Should we fail to reach an
agreement with the majority of them within 30 days from
such a change of control, the lenders may cancel the line of
credit. Similar provisions apply to the loans of €645 million
and £350 million which the European Investment Bank (EIB)
granted us in October 2011 and February 2015. Both of
these contracts stipulate that the continuation of the loans
be negotiated within a 30-day time limit. If the talks fail, the
EIB has the right to cancel the loans.

Effects of a change of control on Executive Board and
executive compensation. Members of the Executive Board
of RWE AG have the right to terminate their employment
contract in the event that shareholders or third parties
obtain control over the company and this would be linked to
significant disadvantages for the Executive Board members
in question. In such a case, they may resign from their
position within six months of the change of control

and request the termination of their employment contract
and receive a one-off payment.

The amount of the one-off payment shall correspond to

all compensation due until the end of the contractually
agreed term of service, but no more than three times

the total contractual annual compensation. Share-based
compensation is not included in this. This is in line with the
currently valid recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code.

In the new Strategic Performance Plan presented on page 67
et. seq., it is stipulated for the Executive Board and
management of RWE AG and subordinated associated
companies that in the case of a change of control the
granted performance shares which have already been

finally determined but not yet been paid out, shall be

paid out early. The pay-out amount shall correspond to the
number of performance shares multiplied by the sum of the
average closing price of the RWE common share over the last
30 trading days prior to the announcement of the change of
control and the amount of dividend paid out per share up to
that point in time, calculated starting from the time when
the performance shares were determined. All conditionally
granted performance shares at the time of the change of
control shall expire without replacement or compensation.
62 RWE Annual Report 2016

1.11 COMPENSATION REPORT

We believe that transparent reporting of supervisory and management board compensation is a key element of good

corporate governance. In this chapter, we have provided information on the principles of RWE AG’s remuneration

system as well as its structure and benefits. The 2016 compensation report adheres to all statutory regulations and is

fully compliant with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code.

Structure of Supervisory Board compensation

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is governed by
the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG.
The Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory
Board receive a fixed compensation of €300,000 and
€200,000 per fiscal year, respectively. The compensation

of the other members of the Supervisory Board consists of
fixed compensation of €100,000 per fiscal year and an
additional compensation for committee mandates according
to the following rules.

The members of the Audit Committee receive an additional
remuneration of €40,000. This additional payment is
increased to €80,000 for the Chair of this committee. With
the exception of the Nomination Committee, the members
and the Chairs of all the other Supervisory Board committees
receive an additional €20,000 and €40,000 in compensation,
respectively. Remuneration for a committee mandate is only
paid if the committee is active at least once in the fiscal
year.

Supervisory Board members who hold several offices in this
corporate body concurrently only receive compensation for
the highest-paid position. Compensation for functions
performed by Supervisory Board members for only part of
a fiscal year is prorated.

Level of Supervisory Board compensation

In total, the emoluments of the Supervisory Board (including
compensation for committee mandates) amounted to
€2,746,000 in fiscal 2016 (previous year: €2,720,000).

Of this sum, €442,000 (previous year: €420,000) was
remuneration paid for mandates on committees of the

In addition to the remuneration paid, out-of-pocket expenses
are reimbursed. Certain Supervisory Board members also
receive income from the exercise of Supervisory Board
mandates at subsidiaries of RWE AG.

The members of the Supervisory Board imposed on
themselves the obligation, subject to any obligations to
relinquish their pay, to use 25% of the total compensation
paid (before taxes) to buy RWE shares and to hold them for
the duration of their membership of the Supervisory Board
of RWE AG. In the past year, all of the members of the
Supervisory Board who do not relinquish their compensation
and remained members of the body after the elections to
the Supervisory Board in April 2016 met this self-imposed
obligation in relation to their compensation for the 2015
financial year. For the new members elected to the Board
in April 2016, this self-imposed obligation will apply to the
compensation for fiscal 2016, which was paid out at the
start of fiscal 2017. Consequently, we will only be able to
report on fulfilment of the self-imposed obligation by the
new and re-elected members in the 2017 compensation
report.

Supervisory Board. In addition to this, there was
compensation from subsidiaries for the exercise of mandates
in the amount of €482,000 (previous year; €265,000). Total
compensation amounted to €3,228,000 (excluding
expenses, previous year: €2,985,000).
Combined review of operations > Compensation report 63

The total remuneration of all who have served on the included for mandates exercised on Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board in 2015 and 2016 and the compensation committees is shown in the following table.
Supervisory Board compensation’ Fixed compensation Compensation for Total compensation? Compensation for mandates
committee offices at subsidiaries
€ ‘000 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Dr. Werner Brandt, Chairman 240 100 24 80 264 180 130 -
Dr. Manfred Schneider, Chairman
(until 20 April 2016) 91 300 - - 91 300 - -
Frank Bsirske, Deputy Chairman 200 200 - - 200 200 86 -
Reiner Bohle 100 100 20 20 120 120 48 30
Sandra Bossemeyer
(since 20 April 2016) 70 - 14 84 - - -
Dieter Faust (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 12 40 42 140 12 40
Roger Graef (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 - - 30 100 - -
Arno Hahn 100 100 40 40 140 140 54 30
Andreas Henrich (since 20 April 2016) 70 - - - 70 - - -
Maria van der Hoeven
(20 April to 14 October 2016) 49 - - - 49 - 12 -
Manfred Holz (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 6 20 36 120 6 20
Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Keitel 100 100 20 20 120 120 - -
Dr. h.c. Monika Kircher
(since 15 October 2016) 21 - - - 21 - - -
Martina Koederitz (since 20 April 2016) 70 - - - 70 - 33 -
Monika Krebber (since 20 April 2016) 70 - 14 - 84 - - -
Frithjof Kiihn (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 6 20 36 120 - -
Hans Peter Lafos (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 - - 30 100 12 53
Harald Louis (since 20 April 2016) 70 - 14 - 84 - - -
Christine Merkamp (until 20 April 2016) 30 100 - - 30 100 - -
Dagmar Mihlenfeld 100 100 20 20 120 120 - -
Peter Ottmann (since 20 April 2016) 70 - 14 - 84 - 8 -
Giinther Schartz (since 20 April 2016) 70 - 14 - 84 - 2 -
Dr. Erhard Schipporeit
since 20 April 2016) 70 - 56 - 126 - - -
Dagmar Schmeer (until 20 April 2016) 30 00 - - 30 100 - 12
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Ekkehard D. Schulz
until 20 April 2016) 30 00 12 40 42 140 - -
Dr. Wolfgang Schiissel 100 00 34 20 134 120 - -
Ullrich Sierau 100 00 40 40 140 140 - -
Ralf Sikorski 100 00 40 40 140 140 50 50
Marion Weckes (since 20 April 2016) 70 - 28 - 98 - - -
Dr. Dieter Zetsche (until 20 April 2016) 30 00 - - 30 100 - -
Leonhard Zubrowski 100 00 20 20 120 120 30 30
Total 2,303 2,300 442 428 2,746 2,729 482 265

1 Supervisory Board members who joined or retired from the corporate body during the year receive prorated compensation.
2 The commercial rounding of certain figures representing the fixed and committee compensation can result in the sum of the rounded figures deviating from the rounded total
emoluments.
64

Structure of Executive Board compensation

Overhaul of the compensation system. The structure

and level of Executive Board member compensation are
determined by the Supervisory Board of RWE AG and
reviewed on a regular basis to determine whether they

are appropriate and in line with the market. In the year
under review, the Supervisory Board initiated a fundamental
restructuring of the existing compensation system.

The new system was effective from 1 October 2016. It builds
on proven elements of the old system, but is less complex
and has been adapted to the Group’s changed structure. It is
described in more detail in the following. Additionally, we
have presented the old compensation system, which was in
place until 30 September 2016.

Transition year. Fiscal 2016 was a transition year for RWE,
marked by the organisational restructuring of the Group

and the commencement of operations and public listing

of innogy SE. This resulted in changes to the composition

of the Executive Board. When innogy started operating

on 1 April 2016, Peter Terium, Bernhard Giinther and

Uwe Tigges were appointed members of the Executive Board
of the new company in addition to the offices they already
held on the Executive Board of RWE AG. After the successful
IPO of innogy SE, Peter Terium and Bernhard Giinther
resigned from the Executive Board of RWE AG with effect
from the end of the day on 14 October 2016 in order to
work solely for innogy. Uwe Tigges will resign from his office
on the Executive Board of RWE AG on 30 April 2017; until
then, he will be responsible for human resources for both
companies.

The compensation granted for the period during which
Peter Terium, Bernhard Giinther and Uwe Tigges were
appointed to the Executive Board of both innogy SE and
RWE AG was mutually offset pro-rata.

Non-performance-based compensation

Fixed compensation and pension instalments. All
Executive Board members receive an annual salary, which is
paid in twelve monthly instalments. As a second fixed
compensation component, since 1 January 2011 all
members of the Executive Board are entitled to a pension
instalment, with the exception of Rolf Martin Schmitz, who
had already been granted a pension commitment. Up until
30 September 2016, the pension instalment was equivalent
to 15% of the target cash compensation, i.e. the sum of

Rolf Martin Schmitz has been the Chairman of the Executive
Board of RWE AG since 15 October 2016. Markus Krebber is
anew member of this Board. He was appointed as a member
of the Executive Board of RWE AG on 1 October 2016 and as
CFO of the company starting from 15 October 2016.

Effective from 1 October 2016, all members of the Executive
Board received new employment contracts based on the
new compensation system. In relation to fiscal 2016, rules
on transition and phasing-out the old system were agreed
upon to transfer compensation components from the old
system into the new compensation system. Peter Terium,
Bernhard Giinther and Uwe Tigges concluded new
employment contracts with innogy SE with effect from

1 October 2016. Their employment contracts with RWE AG
were cancelled early by mutual agreement with effect from
30 September 2016.

Principles of the old and new compensation systems.
The remuneration of the Executive Board is made up of
non-performance and performance-based components. In
both the previous and new system, the former consisted
of the fixed salary, the pension instalment and non-cash
remuneration and other emoluments. There were
fundamental changes in the performance-based
components. Up until 30 September 2016, these
components included the annual bonus, the bonus
retention and share-based payment according to the
Long-Term Incentive Plan Beat 2010 and the Mid-Term
Incentive Plan introduced in 2014 to reduce the debt level.
Since 1 October 2016 there are only two performance-based
components: the annual bonus and, as a long-term
compensation component, a share-based payment
according to the new Strategic Performance Plan.

their base salary and the baseline bonus amount, which is
described later on.

Since 1 October 2016, an individually defined amount is

set for the members of the Executive Board. They can choose
whether the sum is paid in cash or retained in part or in

full in exchange for a pension commitment of equal value
through a gross compensation conversion. RWE has
concluded a reinsurance policy to finance the pension
Compensation report

commitment. The accumulated capital may be drawn upon
on retirement, but not before the Executive Board member
turns 60, or - for new commitments since 1 January 2012 -
before the member turns 62. The Executive Board members
can choose between a one-time payment and a maximum
of nine instalments. Executive Board members and their
surviving dependants do not receive any further benefits.
Vested retirement benefits from earlier activities remain

Performance-based compensation

Bonus. Executive Board members receive a bonus, which
is based on the economic performance of the company
and the degree to which they achieve their goals
individually. The starting point for calculating the bonus
is what is referred to as the company bonus. Up until

30 September 2016, this was based on the degree to
which the target for adjusted EBIT set at the beginning of
the corresponding financial year was achieved. Looking
forward, this bonus will also be oriented to adjusted EBIT,
but it will be measured against a target figure set by the
Supervisory Board independently of the planned target. If
the actual figure is identical to the planned or target figure
after a year, the target achievement is 100%. In this case,
the bonus paid equals the agreed baseline bonus.
Depending on the level of adjusted EBIT, the company
bonus paid can equal between 0% and 150% of the
baseline bonus amount.

The performance of individual Executive Board members
is considered by multiplying the company bonus by a
performance factor. This can range between 0.8 and 1.2.
Under the system in place up until 30 September 2016,
depending on the degree to which the Executive Board
member achieves his or her individual goals, which are
established by the Supervisory Board at the beginning of
the year, the Supervisory Board assesses the degree to
which the Executive Board member has achieved the
individual goals and determines the performance factor
accordingly. The performance factor was expanded on

1 October 2016. In addition to the individual targets, it
is one-third based on each of the following: collective
performance of the Executive Board, performance in the
fields of corporate responsibility and employee motivation.

65

unaffected by this. The corresponding pension commitments
of Peter Terium, Bernhard Gunther and Uwe Tigges were
transferred to innogy SE.

Non-cash and other remuneration. Non-performance-based
compensation components also include non-cash and other
remuneration, consisting primarily of the use of company
cars and accident insurance premiums.

The corporate responsibility criterion reflects the company’s
environmental and social work, and is derived from the
sustainability reporting. Employee motivation is determined
based on the motivation index, which measures employee
commitment and satisfaction based on anonymous surveys.
At the end of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board assesses
the performance of the Executive Board members relative to
these criteria and determines the performance factor.

As 2016 was a transitional year, it was not possible to
simply calculate the company bonus using the formula on
the basis of the original planned figures. Consequently, for
this transition year, the company bonus was determined
based on an assessment by the Supervisory Board.

In the new compensation system, payment of the entire
bonus occurs after the end of the fiscal year and after the
determination of the company bonus and the performance
factor. The previous retention of 25% of the bonus (bonus
retention), which is described in the following, is no longer
applied since 1 October 2016. At the same time, the bonus
budget has been reduced by 25%, in favour of reinforcing
the share-based payment component. Furthermore, as
described above, aspects such as corporate responsibility
and employee motivation are now taken into consideration
directly as part of the bonus.

Bonus retention (old). For the bonuses up to and including
fiscal 2015, RWE only paid out 75% of the amounts to the
members of the Executive Board immediately. The remaining
25% was retained for three years (bonus retention). At the
end of the three-year period, a review based on what is
termed a ‘bonus-malus factor’ was conducted by the
66

Supervisory Board, in order to determine whether the
Executive Board had managed the company sustainably.
The retained bonus was only paid out if this was the case.

A 45% share of the bonus-malus factor was based on the
company’s economic success, which was measured
according to the development of adjusted EBIT. Another
45% of the bonus-malus factor was determined based on
the company-specific index for corporate responsibility. The
remaining 10% of the bonus-malus factor resulted from the
level of the motivation factor. Before the three-year period,
the Supervisory Board established binding target figures for
adjusted EBIT, the CR Index, and the Motivation Index.
These were then compared to the actual figures at the end
of the period. The better the actual figures were, the higher
the bonus-malus factor was. It could range between 0% and
150%.

With the IPO of innogy SE and the ensuing changes, the
planned targets for adjusted EBIT, the CR index and the
Motivation Index are no longer relevant. As a result, in the
past fiscal year the Supervisory Board decided on the early
payment of the outstanding bonus amounts retained from
fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015. The individual payment
amounts were determined on the basis of the historical
bonus-malus factors which the individual members of the
Executive Board had achieved on average. Bonus retention
was not applied for fiscal 2016, with this element being
transitioned into the share-based payment as a long-term
compensation component.

Share-based payment according to the Long-Term
Incentive Plan Beat 2010 (old). Up until the end of 2015,
the performance-based compensation components included
the ‘performance shares’ which were allocated as part of the
Long-Term Incentive Plan Beat 2010 (known as ‘Beat’). The
Beat programme aims to reward the Executive Board and the
executives for the sustainability of the contribution they
make to the company’s success. Performance shares grant
their holders the conditional right to receive a payout in cash
following a vesting period of four (optionally up to five)
years. However, a payout only takes place if the total return
on the RWE common share - consisting of the return on the
share price, dividend and subscription right - is better than
the total return of at least 25% of the peer group companies
included in the STOXX Europe 600 Utilities at the end of the
vesting period. When performance is measured, the peer
group companies are given the same weighting as they had
in the reference index at the inception of the corresponding
Beat tranche.

If RWE outperformed 25% of the index weighting, 7.5%

of the performance shares were paid out. The proportion

of performance shares that matured increased by 1.5
percentage points for every further percentage point by
which the index weighting was exceeded. Payment was
based on the payout factor as determined above, on the
average RWE share price during the last 60 trading days
prior to the expiry of the programme, and on the number of
allocated performance shares. Payment for Executive Board
members was limited to one-and-a-half times the value of
the performance shares at grant. Executive Board members
were able to participate in Beat on condition that they made
a personal investment in RWE common shares. The required
investment was equal to one third of the value of the grant
after taxes. The shares had to be held for the respective Beat
tranche’s entire vesting period.

With the introduction of the new compensation system, the
Strategic Performance Plan, which is described below, took
the place of Beat in fiscal 2016. In order to be eligible to
participate in the new plan, the members of the Executive
Board voluntarily renounced all outstanding Beat tranches
(2013, 2014 and 2015 tranches). The performance shares
allocated from these tranches lapsed, and the Executive
Board members did not receive any compensatory payments
for such shares.

Mid-Term Incentive Plan (old). In the old compensation
system, the other performance-based component was the
Mid-Term Incentive Plan (MTIP), which was introduced in
2014 and lasted for the three-year period until the end of
2016. The key performance indicator on which the MTIP
was based is RWE’s leverage factor, which is the ratio of net
debt to adjusted EBITDA. The plan was designed to assist
management in bringing all suitable measures and efforts
in the Group in line with the objective of re-establishing a
healthy and sustainable ratio of indebtedness to earning
power.

The MTIP supplemented the Beat 2010 long-term incentive
plan, the budget of which was cut in half for the duration
of the MTIP. The other half was covered by the MTIP grant
budget. The goal of this plan was to reduce the leverage
factor to 3.0 by the end of 2016. If this requirement was
satisfied precisely, the members of the Executive Board
were paid 100% of the budgeted allocation. Any additional
reduction of the leverage factor would have increased the
payment in a linear fashion up to a maximum of 150%

of the budgeted allocation. This upper limit would have
corresponded to a factor of 2.7. Conversely, the payment
Compensation report

would have been reduced if the factor had exceeded the
3.0 target. At a leverage factor of 3.3, the members of the
Executive Board receive 50% of the budgeted allocation. If
it was higher than that, no payment was made.

At the end of fiscal 2016, the one-off MTIP programme
was settled. As the leverage factor was higher than 3.3,
no payment was made from the MTIP.

Share-based payment according to the Strategic
Performance Plan (new). In the new compensation system,
the Strategic Performance Plan (SPP) replaces the previous
programme ‘Beat’ as the share-based payment component,
as well as the MTIP and bonus retention. The SPP reflects the
organisational restructuring of the RWE Group and rewards
the achievement of long-term goals. For this reason,
separate Strategic Performance Plans were introduced for
RWE AG and innogy SE. In terms of the implementation and
timing, the plans of both companies are very similar. There
are differences: for example, each plan uses the shares and
indicators of the respective company, RWE AG or innogy SE,
as the yardsticks for measuring performance.

As the SPP is oriented to the achievement of long-term,
future goals, Peter Terium, Bernhard Gunther and Uwe
Tigges all received their full allocation from the SPP of
innogy SE for the 2016 transition year. From the perspective
of the RWE Group, this compensation component for the
above three members of the Executive Board is treated as
share-based payment and is reported as such in the
compensation report. However, in the individual financial
statements of RWE AG, the compensation for Peter Terium,
Bernhard Gunther and Uwe Tigges attributable to

innogy SE's SPP is classified as non-share-based payment.
The reason for this is that the amount of the payment does
not depend on the performance of RWE AG shares, but
rather on the performance of innogy SE shares.

The conditions of the SPPs for RWE AG and innogy SE
envisage a tranche in the transition year 2016 and three
further tranches, which will begin in fiscal 2017, 2018 and
2019. Allocation of the performance shares described below
occurs retrospectively to 1 January of the fiscal year in
question. Executive Board members receive a personalised
grant letter specifying the gross grant value (in euros) set by
the Supervisory Board and the number of performance
shares conditionally granted.

67

As in Beat, the SPP is also based on conditionally allocated
performance shares. Initially, for each tranche the number of
conditionally allocated performance shares is calculated for
each Executive Board member. This is done by dividing the
individual allocation value by the average closing quotation
of the RWE share or the innogy share on the last 30 days of
trading on Xetra before the grant. The conditionally granted
performance shares have a vesting period of four years.
Deviating from this procedure, in the transition year 2016,
the calculation of the number of performance shares
allocated conditionally for fiscal 2016 was made from the
date of the IPO of innogy SE and is thus based on the
average closing quotation of the RWE share or innogy share
on the first ten days of trading on Xetra starting on

7 October 2016.

The final number of performance shares of the tranche is
determined after the end of the first year. It depends on the
adjusted net income (ANI) achieved by the company in
relation to a target figure set by the Supervisory Board and
can range between 0% and 150% of the conditionally
allocated performance shares. If the target ANI figure
established for the year is achieved exactly, 100% of the
conditionally allocated performance shares of the tranche is
fully vested. The ANI targets for fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019
were established by the Supervisory Board in fiscal 2016
and, as a rule, cannot be changed.

The number of performance shares that become fully vested
in this manner is fully paid out in cash after a holding period
of another three years. The level of the payment is calculated
by multiplying the fully vested performance shares by the
average closing quotation of the RWE or innogy share on the
last 30 days of trading on Xetra before the end of the
vesting period and adding to this the dividend which is paid
during the holding period. The payment calculated by this
method is limited to 200 % of the individual allocation value.

For fiscal 2016, the share-based payment will be fully
granted based on the SPP. The ANI performance
measurement for this tranche will be done concurrently to
the performance measurement of the 2017 SPP tranche,
based on ANI for 2017. The determination of the fully vested
performance shares will be followed by a holding period of
two years for the 2016 tranche. The vesting period for the
2016 tranche thus expires at the end of fiscal 2019.
68

As previously in the Beat programme, the members of the
Executive Board are obliged to make a personal investment
in the company. For this purpose, 25% of the sum paid after
the end of the holding period, minus applicable tax, must be
invested in RWE and innogy shares, which must then be held
for another three years.

In anticipation of the amendments to the German Corporate
Governance Code (GCGC) expected in 2017, the SPP
contains a demerit provision. For instance, it empowers the
Supervisory Board of RWE AG or innogy SE to punish serious
violations of the company’s Code of Conduct by reducing or
completely voiding ongoing SPP tranches.

Compensation for exercising mandates. During the past
fiscal year, members of the RWE AG Executive Board were
paid to exercise supervisory board mandates at affiliates.
This income is deducted from their bonus and therefore
does not increase the total remuneration.

Shares of total compensation accounted for by the
individual components. Assuming that both the company
and the members of the Executive Board fully achieve their
performance targets for the fiscal year, the compensation
structure roughly breaks down as follows: the
non-performance-based components, i.e. the fixed salary,
pension instalment, non-cash remuneration and other
emoluments, make up about 30% of total compensation.
Approximately 23 % was allocable to short-term variable
remuneration, i.e. bonuses paid directly. In fiscal 2016, the
long-term compensation components - formerly consisting
of the bonus retention and Beat, but will consist of SPP
going forward - were affected by the early payment of the
outstanding bonus retention amounts for the years 2013,
2014 and 2015, and consequently amounted to 47 % of
the total compensation.

End of tenure benefits. Under certain conditions, Executive
Board members also receive benefits from RWE when they
retire from the Executive Board. These benefits are described
below.

Pension scheme. Before the introduction of the pension
instalment as of 1 January 2011, a pension commitment
was made to the members of the Executive Board. Of the
current members of the Executive Board, this only applies
to Rolf Martin Schmitz; his pension commitment remains
unchanged. It is an entitlement to life-long retirement

benefits granted to beneficiaries in the event of retirement
upon reaching the company age limit, of permanent
disability, or of early termination or non-extension of the
employment contract by the company. In the event of death,
surviving dependants are entitled to benefits. The amount
of qualifying income and the level of benefits determined

by the duration of service are taken as a basis for the
pension and surviving dependants’ benefits.

Change in corporate control/merger. Members of

the Executive Board have the right to terminate their
employment contract in the event that shareholders or third
parties obtain control over the companies and this would be
linked to significant disadvantages for the Executive Board
member in question. In such a case, they may resign from
their position within six months of the change of control
and request the termination of their employment contract
and receive a one-off payment.

A change of control as defined by this provision occurs
when one or several shareholders or third parties acting
jointly account for at least 30% of the voting rights in the
company, or if any of the aforementioned can exert a
controlling influence on the company in another manner.
A change of control also occurs if the company is merged
with another legal entity, unless the value of the other
legal entity is less than 50% of the value of RWE AG.

Upon termination of their employment contracts, Executive
Board members receive a one-off payment equalling the
compensation due until the end of the duration of their
contract. This amount shall not be higher than three times
their total contractual annual compensation. The
share-based payments under the SPP are not considered
here.

In the event of a change of control, all performance shares
under the SPP that have become fully vested and have not
been paid out are paid out early. All performance shares
conditionally granted under the SPP lapse on the date of
the change of control.

Early termination and severance cap. If an Executive Board
mandate is otherwise terminated early without due cause,

a severance payment of no more than two total annual
compensations and no more than the remuneration due
until the end of the employment contract is made.
Compensation report

Level of Executive Board compensation

On a Group basis, the Executive Board remuneration
presented below was calculated in compliance with the rules
set out in the German Commercial Code. It considers the
compensation granted to the members of the Executive
Board during their tenure in fiscal 2016. Accordingly, for
Peter Terium and Bernhard Giinther the period until

14 October 2016 is taken into account, and for Markus
Krebber the period starting from 1 October 2016 is taken
into account. From a Group perspective, for Uwe Tigges, we
also report the compensation which was granted to him by
innogy SE after completion of the new employment contract
up until 31 December 2016.

Total compensation for fiscal 2016. Calculated in
accordance with the German Commercial Code, the
Executive Board of RWE AG received a total of €15,486,000
in compensation for fiscal 2016. The compensation of Peter
Terium, Bernhard Giinther and Uwe Tigges also considers
the prorated emoluments they were paid in fiscal 2016 for
the period during which they were appointed to the
Executive Board of RWE AG, but which were borne or paid
by innogy SE. The corresponding prior-year figure was
€11,373,000.

Level of the individual compensation components. In
2016, non-performance-based components amounted to
€4,471,000 (previous year: €4,943,000). Pursuant to the
disclosure regulations of the German Commercial Code, the
annual service cost of pension commitments is not
recognised as compensation, but rather as part of the
pension payment. The latter amounted to €360,000
(previous year: €480,000 for the full year) for Peter Terium,

69

€191,000 (previous year: €255,000 for the full year) for
Bernhard Giinther and €255,000 (for the full year) for

Uwe Tigges. In 2016, Markus Krebber received a prorated
pension instalment of €64,000. Bernhard Gunther turned his
instalment into a pension commitment of equal value
through a gross compensation conversion.

Performance-based components amounted to a total

of €11,015,000 (previous year: €6,430,000) of which
€4,115,000 (previous year: €3,925,000) was attributable
to the bonus for fiscal 2016 paid directly and €2,987,000
(previous year: €1,750,000) to the allocation from the
Strategic Performance Plan. With the conclusion of the
new contracts, the bonuses retained for fiscal 2013, 2014
and 2015 were released early, based on individualised,
historical target achievement and are contained in the
stated performance-based compensation components in
the amount of €3,913,000.

The prorated bonus retention for fiscal 2016 (for the period
up to 30 September) was not retained; during the transition
year, it was transferred on this one occasion to the Strategic
Performance Plan and is thus reported as a part of the
long-term compensation components.

The MTIP programme ended on 31 December 2016 without
any payment to members of the Executive Board.

The following table summarises the short-term remuneration
paid in accordance with the German Commercial Code for
the 2016 financial year.
70

Short-term Executive Peter Terium Dr. Rolf Martin Dr. Bernhard Uwe Tigges Dr. Markus Krebber Total
Board compensation’ Schmitz Giinther

until 14 Oct 2016 until 14 Oct 2016 since 1 Oct 2016
€ ‘000 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Non-performance-based
compensation
Fixed compensation 1,050 1,400 960 960 563 750 750 750 188 - 3,511 3,860
Fringe benefits (company
car, accident insurance) 23 36 19 13 24 23 20 21 4 - 90 93
Other payments (pension
instalments) 360 480 - - 191 255 255 255 64 - 870 990
Total 1,433 1,916 979 973 778 1,028 1,025 1,026 256 - 4,471 4,943
Performance-based
compensation
Direct bonus payment 1,224 1,395 962 811 635 701 861 721 133 - 3,815 3,628
Remuneration for
mandate? 27 AT 150 150 25 60 20 40 78 - 300 297
Bonus 1,251 1,442 1,112 961 660 761 881 761 211 - 4,115 3,925
Total 2,684 3,358 2,091 1,934 1,438 1,789 1,906 1,787 467 - (8,586 8,868

1 Indeviation from the table, from the perspective of the individual companies of RWE AG, non-performance-based compensation amounted to €955,000 for Peter Terium, €519,000 for
Dr. Bernhard Giinther and €641,000 for Uwe Tigges; the performance-based compensation amounted to €834,000 for Peter Terium, €440,000 for Bernhard Giinther and €550,000 for

Uwe Tigges.

2 In 2016, income from exercising intragroup supervisory board offices was fully set off against the prorated bonus paid by RWE AG.

Payment of the bonuses retained for 2013 to 2015.
The following overview shows the amounts of the bonuses
retained for 2013 to 2015 that were paid out early. Of

the members of the Executive Board, this involved

Peter Terium, Rolf Martin Schmitz, Bernhard Gunther and

Uwe Tigges. Their retained bonuses for fiscal 2016 (prorated
to 30 September) were transferred into the new Strategic

Performance Plan.

Bonus retention

Early release of retained bonuses

in fiscal 2016
Note: Historical Payment in Previous
Transfer average September year
to SPP target 2016

2016 achievement
€ ‘000 tranche
Retention for the
fiscal year 2016 2015 2014 2013 2013-2015 2013-2015 2013-2015 2012
Peter Terium 338 481 515 444 1,440 101.6% 1,462 366
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 225 320 343 296 959 98.7% 947 293
Dr. Bernhard Giinther 178 254 272 234 760 102.8% 781 96
Uwe Tigges 178 254 272 77 703 102.8% 723 -
Total 919 1,309 1,402 1,151 3,862 101.5% 3,913 755

Long-Term Incentive Plan Beat 2010. As explained on

page 66, the members of the Executive Board renounced the

ongoing Beat tranches to be able to participate in SPP.

Consequently, there were no payments from the Beat

programme for 2016.
Compensation report

Strategic Performance Plan. In fiscal 2016, the allocation
for Rolf Martin Schmitz and Markus Krebber was made from
the SPP of RWE AG. The allocation for Peter Terium, Bernhard
Gunther and Uwe Tigges was made completely from the SPP
of innogy SE, with a view to their new positions. As noted
previously, in fiscal 2016, due to the termination of the old
compensation system the bonuses retained for the period

71

up to 30 September were also transferred to the allocation
to the members of the Executive Board from the SPP.

The following overview shows the total amounts of
performance shares allocated to the members of the
Executive Board in 2016 and the amount in which these
allocations are attributable to RWE AG.

Long-term incentive payment’

Strategic Performance Plan

Prorated allocation

2016 tranche RWE AG
Plan Average Performance Allocation value
share price shares at grant
€ € ‘000
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz RWE AG 13.78 55,787 769
Dr. Markus Krebber RWE AG 13.78 17,915 247
Total 73,702 1,016
Peter Terium innogy SE 37.13 21,714 806
Dr. Bernhard Giinther innogy SE 37.13 12,372 459
Uwe Tigges innogy SE 37.13 19,021 706
Total 53,107 1,971

1 From a Group perspective, the compensation of Terium, Giinther and Tigges are considered to be share-based payment. However, in the compensation information in the individual
financial statements of RWE AG this compensation is not considered to be share-based payment, pursuant to HGB. The reason for this is that the amount of the payment does not
depend on the price performance of RWE AG shares, but rather on the price performance of innogy SE shares. Pursuant to HGB, in relation to the individual financial statements these
allocations are only added to the total emoluments upon fulfilment of the relevant pay-out conditions.

The table below shows the amount of provisions for
obligations from the 2013-2015 Beat tranches which were

released and the amounts of provisions transferred to the
SPP for the obligation from the 2016 tranche.

Addition (+) or release (-) of provisions for long-term share-based incentive payments 2016 2015
(Beat tranches 2013 to 2015) € ‘000 € ‘000
Peter Terium 143 -770
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 141 -463
Dr. Bernhard Giinther 82 -221
Dr. Markus Krebber 46 -
Uwe Tigges 134 -144
Total 546 -1,598

Obligations under the former pension scheme. The
service cost of pension obligations to Rolf Martin Schmitz
that is not considered part of compensation pursuant to
German commercial law (see table below) amounted to
€229,000 in 2016 (previous year: €581,000). As of
year-end, the net present value of the defined benefit
obligation determined in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) amounted to
€13,923,000 (previous year: €11,900,000). The value of the
pension determined according to the German Commercial

Code totalled €9,894,000 (previous year: €9,459,000). The
pension’s funding was increased by €435,000 for 2016
(previous year: €1,404,000).

Based on the emoluments qualifying for a pension as of

31 December 2015, the projected annual pension of

Rolf Martin Schmitz on his reaching the company age limit
amounts to €484,000 as in the previous year. This includes
vested pension benefits due from former employers.
72 RWE Annual Report 2016

Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code

According to the version of the German Corporate Item 4.2.5, Paragraph 3 of the Code lists the compensation
Governance Code published on 5 May 2015, the total components that should be disclosed for every management
remuneration of management board members comprises the board member. The recommended presentation is illustrated
monetary compensation elements, pension commitments, by sample tables that have been used below. The overviews
other awards, fringe benefits of all kinds and benefits by show the benefits granted to the members of the Executive
third parties which were granted or paid in the financial year | Board of RWE AG for 2016 and the preceding year. As some
with regard to management board work. Unlike under of these benefits have not yet resulted in payments, the
German commercial law, the annual service cost of pension tables also show the level of funds paid to the Executive
commitments is also part of total compensation. Board members (see the table ‘Payments’).
Benefits granted Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber
Chief Executive Officer since 1 Oct 2016
since 15 Oct 2016 Chief Financial Officer
since 15 Oct 2016
2016 2016 2016 2016

€ ‘000 2015 2016 (Min) (Max) 2016 (Min) (Max)
Fixed compensation 960 960 960 960 188 188 188
Pension payments - - - - 64 64 64
Fringe benefits 13 19 19 19 4 4 4
Total fixed compensation 973 979 979 979 256 256 256
One-year variable remuneration 900 900 0 1,620 178 0 320

Bonus 900 900 0 1,620 178 0 320
Multi-year variable remuneration 675 769 0 1,538 247 0 494

Bonus retention 2015
(term: 2016-2018) 300 - - - o - -

Bonus retention 2016! - o - - o - -

LTIP Beat 2015 tranche

(term: 2016-2018) 375 - - - - - -

LTIP SPP 2016 tranche?

(vesting period: 2016-2019) - 769 0 1,538 247 0 494

MTIP

(vesting period: 2014-2016) - - - - - - -
Total variable remuneration 1,575 1,669 0 3,158 425 0 814
Total 2,548 2,648 979 4,137 681 256 1,070
Service cost 581 229 229 229 - - -
Total compensation 3,129 2,877 1,208 4,366 681 256 1,070

1 Inthe 2016 transition year, the contractual bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016 was not retained and was transferred to the 2016 tranche
of the SPP on this one occasion.
2. The allocation contains the bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016.
Combined review of operations > Compensation report 73
Benefits granted Uwe Tigges
Chief HR Officer/Labour Director
2015 2016 2016 2016

€ ‘000 (Min) (Max)
Fixed compensation 750 750 750 750
Pension payments 255 255 255 255
Fringe benefits 21 20 20 20
Total fixed compensation 1,026 1,025 1,025 1,025
One-year variable remuneration 713 713 0 1,283

Bonus 713 713 0 1,283
Multi-year variable remuneration 612 706 0 1,412

Bonus retention 2015

(term: 2016-2018) 237 - - -

Bonus retention 2016' - - - -

LTIP Beat 2015 tranche

(term: 2016-2018) 375 - - -

LTIP SPP 2016 tranche”

(vesting period: 2016-2019) - 706 0 1,412

MTIP

(vesting period: 2014-2016) - - - -
Total variable remuneration 1,325 1,419 0 2,695
Total 2,351 2,444 1,025 3,720
Service cost - - - -
Total compensation 2,351 2,444 1,025 3,720

1 Instead of the contractual bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016, 25% of the bonus budget was transferred to the 2016 tranche of the SPP.

2 The allocation contains the bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016.
74 RWE Annual Report 2016

Benefits granted Peter Terium Dr. Bernhard Giinther
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
until 14 Oct 2016 until 14 Oct 2016

2016 2016 2016 2016
€ ‘000 2015 2016 (Min) (Max) 2015 2016 (Min) (Max)
Fixed compensation 1,400 1,050 1,050 1,050 750 563 563 563
Pension payments 480 360 360 360 255 191 191 191
Fringe benefits 36 23 23 23 23 24 24 24
Total fixed compensation 1,916 1,433 1,433 1,433 1,028 778 778 778
One-year variable remuneration 1,350 1,013 0 1,823 713 534 0 961
Bonus 1,350 1,013 0 1,823 713 534 0 961

Multi-year variable
remuneration 1,075 806 0 1,612 612 459 0 918

Bonus retention 2015
(term: 2016-2018) 450 - - - 237 - - -

Bonus retention 2016! - - - - - - - -

LTIP Beat 2015 tranche
(term: 2016-2018) 625 - - - 375 - - -

LTIP SPP 2016 tranche?
(vesting period: 2016-2019) - 806 0 1,612 - 459 0 918

MTIP
(vesting period: 2014-2016) - - - - - - - -

Total variable remuneration 2,425 1,819 0 3,435 1,325 993 0 1,879
Total 4,341 3,252 1,433 4,868 2,353 1,771 778 2,657

Service cost - - - - - - - -

Total compensation 4,341 3,252 1,433 4,868 2,353 1,771 778 2,657

1 Instead of the contractual bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016, 25% of the bonus budget was transferred to the 2016 tranche of the SPP.
2 The allocation contains the bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016.
Combined review of operations > Compensation report 75
Payments Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber Uwe Tigges
Chief Executive Officer since 1 Oct 2016 Chief HR Officer/
since 15 Oct 2016 Chief Financial Officer Labour Director
since 15 Oct 2016

€ ‘000 2016 2015 2016 2016 2015
Fixed compensation 960 960 188 750 750
Pension payments - - 64 255 255
Fringe benefits 19 13 4 20 21
Total fixed compensation 979 973 256 1,025 1,026
One-year variable compensation 1,112 961 211 881 761

Bonus' 1,112 961 211 881 761
Multi-year variable compensation 947 293 0 723 0

Bonus retention 2012

(term: 2013-2015) - 293 - - -

Bonus retention 2013-2015

(released) 947 - - 723 -

LTIP Beat 2012 tranche

(term: 2012-2015) - 0 - - 0

LTIP Beat 2013-2015 tranches

(renounced without replacement) 0 - 0 0 -

MTIP

(vesting period: 2014-2016) 0 - 0 0 -
Other - - - - -
Total variable remuneration 2,059 1,254 211 1,604 761
Total 3,038 2,227 467 2,629 1,787
Service cost 229 581 - - -
Total compensation 3,267 2,808 467 2,629 1,787

1 The bonus considers income from exercising intragroup supervisory board offices; also see the table ‘Short-term Executive Board compensation’ on page 70.
76 RWE Annual Report 2016

Payments Peter Terium Dr. Bernhard Giinther
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
until 14 Oct 2016 until 14 Oct 2016

€ ‘000 2016 2015 2016 2015
Fixed compensation 1,050 1,400 563 750
Pension payments 360 480 191 255
Fringe benefits 23 36 24 23
Total fixed compensation 1,433 1,916 778 1,028
One-year variable compensation 1,251 1,442 660 761

Bonus! 1,251 1,442 660 761
Multi-year variable compensation 1,462 366 781 96

Bonus retention 2012

(term: 2013-2015) - 366 - 96

Bonus retention 2013-2015

(released) 1,462 - 781 -

LTIP Beat 2012 tranche

(term: 2012-2015) - 0 0 0

LTIP Beat 2013-2015 tranches

(renounced without replacement) 0 - 0 -

MTIP

(vesting period: 2014-2016) 0 - - -
Other - - - -
Total variable remuneration 2,713 1,808 1,441 857
Total 4,146 3,724 2,219 1,885

Service cost - - - -

Total compensation 4,146 3,724 2,219 1,885

1 The bonus considers income from exercising intragroup supervisory board offices; also see the table ‘Short-term Executive Board compensation’ on page 70.
Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

77

1.12 DEVELOPMENT OF RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

Energy supply requires a business model designed for the long run. Power plants and grids are not planned for

periods of years, but rather decades. Recent years have shown how quickly the political and economic environment

can change in the energy sector. This risk remains, particularly in conventional power generation. For example, it is

unclear what regulatory measures will result from the German Climate Action Plan 2050. It is also not possible to

forecast the development of market prices for electricity and fuel, which the margins of power stations depend on.

Professional risk management is therefore absolutely necessary for utilities such as RWE. In this sense ‘professional’

means that risks are systematically identified, assessed and managed. But it also means that we can recognise - and

exploit - opportunities.

New distribution of responsibility for risk management in
the RWE Group. During the last scal year, we reorganised
both the RWE Group itself and our risk management
framework. With its public listing in October, innogy SE
took!over sole responsibility for managing and monitoring
the risks of its subsidiaries, while RWE AG remained
responsible for the risks of the other Group companies.
In!many key areas, the risk management systems of the
two!companies are identical, for example in terms of the
classi cation of risks into risk classes. In this section, we
explain the risk management system of RWE AG and point
out the corresponding explanations for innogy in its Annual
Report 2016. The risks of our subsidiary are included in
the!presentation of the material risks of the RWE — Group.

Organisation of RWE AG’s risk management. The
primary!responsibility for our risk management lies with
the!Executive Board of RWE AG. It monitors and manages
the overall risk of the Group and its operational subsidiaries.
In doing so, it determines the risk appetite of RWE and
de nes upper limits for risk positions.

At the level below the Executive Board, the Controlling &Risk
Management Department has the task of applying and
developing the risk management system. It checks the

identi ed risks for plausibility and completeness,

summarises them, and sets limits for the risks of the

operating units. It receives support from the Risk

Management Committee, which is composed of the heads

of!the following ve RWE AG departments, which are

&Risk
Management (Chair), Accounting, Finance &Credit Risk,

accountable for the entire Group: Controlling

Group Development & Board Of ce, and Legal. The
Controlling &Risk Management Department provides the
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of RWE AG with
regular reports on the company s risk exposure.

A number of additional organisational units and committees
have been entrusted with central risk management tasks:

¥ Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the
Finance & Credit Risk Department, which reports directly
to the CFO of RWE AG.

¥ The Accounting Department is responsible for risks
involved in nancial reporting. It also reports directly to
the CFO of RWE AG and uses an accounting-related
internal control system, which is described on page 85 et
seq.

¥ The Internal Audit &Compliance Department monitors
compliance with RWE s Code of Conduct. One of its main
focal points is avoiding corruption risks. It reports to the
CEO of RWEAG or — if members of the Executive Board are
affected — directly to the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board and the Chairman of the Supervisory Board s Audit
Committee.

¥ In so far as they relate to the generation, trading and gas
midstream businesses, risks from changes in commodity
prices are monitored by RWE Supply &Trading.

¥ Strategies to limit market risks from generation and the
gas midstream business are approved by the Commodity
Management Committee. This is an expert body which
currently consists of the members of the management of
RWE Supply& Trading and the head of the
Controlling &Risk Management Department.

¥ The strategic guidelines for the management of nancial
assets, including the funds of RWE Pensionstreuhand e.V.,
are determined by the Asset Management Committee.
This body also currently attends to these tasks for the
nancial investments of innogy _ SE. Its members include
the CFO of RWE AG, the head of the Finance &Credit Risk
Department, the head of the Portfolio Management = /
78 RWE Annual Report 2016

Mergers & Acquisitions Department and the head of
Financial Asset Management from the Portfolio
Management /Mergers & Acquisitions Department.
The!heads of the innogy Finance, Controlling &Risk
and!Accounting &Tax departments are also members.

¥ There is also a committee at RWE which supports
the!accounting teams in preventing incorrect nancial

Under the expert management of the aforementioned
organisational units and in adherence with our general
guidelines, our Group companies are responsible for
identifying risks early, assessing them correctly and
reporting and managing them in compliance with the
Group s standards. Internal auditing regularly assesses the
quality and functionality of our risk!management system.

reporting (see page 85).
RWE risk matrix
Potential damage"
Category V
Category IV
Category Ill
Category II
Category |
1%!P110 % 10% <P!20% 20% <P !50% P>50%
Probability of occurrence (P)
Low risk Medium risk @® High risk

Damage category Earnings risks Indebtedness/liquidity risks

Potential impact on net income - compared to adjusted EBIT Potential impact on free cash flow and/or net debt

and equity?
Category V " 50 % of equity " #8 billion
Category IV " 50 % of adjusted EBIT and < 50% of equity " #4 billion and < #8 billion
Category Ill " 20% and < 50% of adjusted EBIT " #2 billion and < #4 billion
Category Il "10% and < 20% of adjusted EBIT " #1 billion and < #2 billion
Category | < 10% of adjusted EBIT < #1 billion

1 In relation to the year in which the maximum damage may occur.
2 For adjusted EBIT (the new term for operating result , see page 41), the average gure derived from the medium-term planning for 2017 to 2019 was taken as a basis, while the basis
for equity was the gure from the 2016 half-year report, less non-controlling interests (!6,188" million).
Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities 79
Risk management as a continuous process. Risks and on net income on the one hand and on free cash ow and
opportunities are de ned as negative or positive deviations net debt on the other hand. We calculate the probability of
from expected gures. Their management is an integral and occurrence for all risks as well as their potential damage.
continuous part of operating processes. We assess risks Risks that share the same cause are aggregated to one
every six months, using a bottom-up analysis. We also position. We analyse the material individual risks of the
monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The RWEGroup using a matrix in which the risks probability of
Executive Board of RWE AG is immediately noti ed of any occurrence and potential net damage are represented,
material changes. Our executive and supervisory bodies are i.e.!taking account of hedging measures such as insurance
updated on the risk exposure within the scope of quarterly policies and provisions. Depending on their position in the
reporting. matrix, we distinguish between low, medium and high risks.
Based on this analysis, we determine whether there is a need
Our analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our for action and initiate measures to mitigate the risks, if
medium-term planning, but can extend beyond that for necessary.
long-term risks. We evaluate risks to determine their impact
Main risks of the RWE Group’ Classification of the highest
single risk
31 Dec 2016 31 Dec 2015
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks High High
Legal risks Medium Medium
Operational risks Low Low
Financial risks Medium Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks Medium Medium

1 As of 31 December 2016. Based on the Group approach, the risks of innogy are taken into account."

Main risks for the RWE Group. As presented in the table
above, our main risks can be classi ed into seven groups,
depending on their nature. The highest individual risk
determines the classi cation of the risk of the entire risk
class. At present, we see the highest potential for damage in
relation to regulatory and political risks. In the following, we
discuss the main risks and opportunities and explain what
measures have been taken to counter the threat of negative
developments.

¥ Market risks. The RWEGroup is exposed to a wide range
of market risks. In most of the countries in which we are
active the energy sector is characterised by the free
formation of prices on wholesale markets and a high level
of competition in retail. In such an environment, signs of
weakness on the market can quickly lead to customer

losses and declines in earnings. Market risks resulting from

the development of commodity prices can be particularly
severe. For instance, declines in electricity prices reduce

the pro tability of our power plants and certain electricity
purchase contracts concluded at xed prices. It is possible
that we may have to recognise impairments or form
provisions in such a case. In the gas!storage business,
impairments may also have to be recognised, for example
if the seasonal differences in the!price of gas decline,
reducing the realisable margins. Although we have already
had to recognise substantial impairments in the past,

there is still a risk of further write-downs. However, we
also see opportunities: if the!wholesale prices for

electricity and gas develop favourably!for RWE, this could

have a very bene cial effect!on our earnings position.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the
procurement and supply markets taking account of current
forward prices and expected volatility. Commodity price
risks faced by the generation and supply companies within
the Group are managed through hedging rules. For our
power plants, we limit margin risks by selling most of our
80

electricity forward and securing the prices of the fuel and
CO, allowances needed for its generation. Our goal is to
limit the consequences of negative developments, smooth
out the effects of short-term price movements and tap
into additional earnings potential. We also use forward
markets in the gas midstream business. Several years ago,
we mitigated the risks arising from long-term gas purchase
agreements linked to the price of oil by renegotiating
with!our gas suppliers, which allowed us to convert the
contracts to wholesale gas price indexation or terminate
them early. The only exception to this was a contract with
Gazprom, where we have not yet found a conclusive
solution. In May 2016, however, we were able to adjust
the conditions of!this contract, ensuring that it will not
expose us to earnings risks for the foreseeable future (see
page 39).

RWE Supply& Trading plays a central role when it comes
to!managing commodity price risks. It functions as the
Group s interface to the global wholesale markets for
electricity and energy commodities. The company markets
large portions of our generation and purchases the
necessary fuels and CO_, certi cates needed to produce
electricity. Its role as internal transaction partner makes
it!easier for us to limit the risks associated with price
volatility on energy markets. However, the trading
transactions are not exclusively intended to reduce risks.
To a limited degree, the company also takes commodity
positions to achieve a pro t.

Our risk management system for energy trading is rmly
aligned with best practice as applied to the trading
businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions are
concluded with third parties only if the credit risks are
within approved limits. There are guidelines governing
the!treatment of commodity price risks and associated
credit risks. Our subsidiaries constantly monitor their
commodity positions. Risks associated with trades
conducted by RWE!Supply &Trading for its own account
are monitored daily.

In this context, the Value at Risk (VaR) is of central
importance for risk measurement in energy trading.

It!speci es the maximum loss from a risk position not
exceeded with a given probability over a certain period
of!time. The VaR gures within the RWE Group are based
onacon dence interval of 95%. The assumed holding
period for a position is one day. This means that, with a
probability of 95 %, the daily loss will not exceed the VaR.
The central risk controlling parameter for!commodity
positions is the VaR relating to the trading business of
RWE Supply& Trading, which may not exceed "40!million.
In scal 2016, it averaged "17!million (previous year:
"16!million), and the daily maximum was "34!million
(previous year: "31!million). Additionally, we have set
limits for each trading desk. Furthermore, we develop
extreme scenarios and factor them into stress tests,
determine their consequences for earnings, and
take!countermeasures if we deem the risks to be too high.

We also apply the VaR concept to measure the extent to
which the commodity price risks that we are exposed to
outside the trading business can affect the Group s
adjusted EBIT. To this end, we calculate the overall risk
for!the Group on the basis of the commodity risk positions
of the individual companies; this overall risk mainly stems
from power generation. As the majority of our generation
position is already fully hedged for 2017, only minor
market price risks remain for this year. Additionally, we see
short-term opportunities for earnings, because we are able
to deploy our power plants exibly.

In certain cases, nancial instruments used to hedge
commodity positions are presented as on-balance-sheet
hedging relationships in the consolidated nancial
statements. This also applies to the nancial instruments
we use to limit interest and currency risks. More detailed
information can be found in the Notes to the consolidated
nancial statements on page 144 et seqq.

Our biggest market risks remain unchanged in the
category medium .
Development of risks and opportunities

¥ Regulatory and political risks. Energy supply is a
long-term business and companies involved in this
industry are!particularly dependent on a stable, reliable
framework. Investments in power stations are made for
periods extending over decades. Stricter thresholds for
emissions can result in massive declines in earnings, if the
transition periods are too short and existing plants have to
be closed down early. This kind of risk emanates from the
Climate Action Plan 2050, which the Federal government
presented in November (see page 33). According to the
Plan, by 2030 the energy sector must lower its emissions
by more than 60 % compared to the level of 1990. We
view this target as being very ambitious and see a risk that
coal- red power stations may have to be decommissioned
earlier than planned. This currently represents the largest
individual risk for RWE. While the theoretical negative
impact from this is signi cant, we believe it is rather
unlikely that this risk will materialise. The emissions
reduction goals for the sectors are not nal and are still
subject to a comprehensive impact assessment. In a
dialogue with policymakers, unions, employees and other
groups, we wish to underline the possible negative effects
of an overly ambitious path of emissions reductions, in
particular with regard to security of supply.

In recent years, abrupt changes in the regulatory
framework were mostly seen in the nuclear power
industry. One example is the sudden change of course
of!German energy policymakers following the reactor
catastrophe at Fukushima in March 2011. The 13. ©
amendment to the German Nuclear Energy Act, which
became effective at the beginning of August 2011,

nulli ed the lifetime extension for German nuclear power
plants, which had been introduced in 2010, and mandated
the immediate shutdown of eight of Germany s

17 reactors. Staggered decommissioning dates were
established for the remaining units (see page 43 of the
2011 Annual Report). Therefore, in February and August
2012, we led constitutional complaints, in part because
operators of the plants did not receive any compensation.
In December 2016, the Constitutional Court partially
upheld our claim for compensation and called on the
legislator to formulate suitable regulations for this
compensation by mid-2018.

In 2016, the issue of the future distribution of
responsibility for nuclear waste disposal between the
German power plant operators and the state was resolved.
This occurred in December 2016, when the Upper and
Lower Houses of the German Parliament passed a new
law!(see page 34), which stipulates that the Federal
government will be responsible for handling and nancing
the intermediate and nal storage of radioactive waste.
These responsibilities will be nanced from a fund, which
is paid into by the plant operators. RWE will pay around
"6.8!billion. This includes a risk surcharge of!"1.8!billion,
which releases us from possible future obligations.
Consequently, the payments are larger than the provisions
which we had formed for the waste disposal obligations
assumed by the Federal government. At the same time,
however, there is a smaller risk that state-induced cost
increases, for example in connection with the search for a
nal storage site, might curtail RWE s_ nancial and
earnings power even further.

A matter pending clari cation is whether the nuclear fuel
tax complies with the German constitution. This tax was
levied in the period 2011 to 2016. As we believe that the
levy was not legal, we led a suit with the competent

scal courts. In January 2013, the Hamburg Fiscal Court
referred the point of the constitutionality of the nuclear
fuel tax to the German Constitutional Court for!a ruling. In
December 2013 the Hamburg Fiscal Court also!decided to
refer the matter in parallel proceedings to the European
Court of Justice. In June!2015, the European Court of
Justice found that the!nuclear fuel tax complies with
European law; the judgement of the German
Constitutional Court, however, is still pending. It is
expected to be issued in 2017. Should the judges nd the
tax to be illegal, there is a possibility that we will be fully
refunded the amounts paid.

Conventional electricity generation is!also exposed to
regulatory risks outside of Germany. For example, it
cannot be ruled out that a coal tax will have to be paid in
the Netherlands again. In both the Netherlands and the
United Kingdom, political forces have been lobbying
strongly for an early phase-out of coal. It remains to be
seen whether they succeed and what the details of
potential lifetime reductions may be.

81
82

In the regulated network business operated by innogy in
Germany and Eastern Europe, there are risks stemming
from the regular adjustments to framework conditions.
In!2016, policymakers in Germany amended the Incentive
Regulation Ordinance, so that investments by distribution
network operators can be taken into account in tariffs
without any delay in the future (see page 35). The
reform! will become effective for the upcoming ve-year
regulatory period for gas (starting from 2018) and
electricity (starting from 2019). For companies involved in
signi cant investments related to the transformation of

the energy sector, this may have great advantages. The
return on equity allowed for the network operators in the
upcoming regulatory period was also set. In the future,
these rates will be substantially lower than they currently
are (see page 35). However, other important decisions for
the upcoming regulatory periods have not yet been
reached. For instance, the regulator still has to set the
maximum permissible revenues of the individual
companies. Furthermore, it must still assess the network
operators in terms of their ef ciency. If de cits are found
in this regard, the companies are required to remedy these
by way of cost cutting by the end of the regulatory period.
Regardless of whether they are actually able to do so,
the!regulator lowers the revenue cap for the affected
companies in a step-by-step manner. On the whole, there
is therefore a risk that the network companies of innogy
will be granted revenue caps which are too low and that
these may be further reduced over the regulatory period
due to ostensible inef ciencies. Nevertheless, there is also
the possibility that the regulator may set favourable
parameters for network operators.

Regulatory intervention to the detriment of energy
utilities!is also a threat in the supply business. This is
demonstrated by the ndings of the UK anti-trust

authority CMA presented on page 36. One requirement of
the CMA is that the tariffs for customers with pre-payment
meters should be capped for three years, starting from
1!April 2017. Furthermore, rms will be required to reveal
which customers have been supplied with electricity or
gas for more than three years on the basis of the same
standard tariff, so that competitors can make alternative
offers to these customers. The UK government is currently
considering which additional measures could be used to
increase customers willingness to switch suppliers. We
see a risk that the requirements of the CMA and possible
additional state intervention may exacerbate the already
dif cult situation in the British retail market.

In the present political environment, the RWE — Group is
exposed to risks associated with approvals when building
and operating production facilities. In particular, this
affects our opencast mines, power plants and wind farms.
Interruption of their operation can result in signi cant
production and earnings shortfalls. Furthermore, there is
a!danger of new-build projects either receiving late or
no!approval, or of granted approvals being withdrawn.
Depending on the progress of construction work and
the!contractual obligations to suppliers, this can have
signi cant negative nancial impacts. We try to limit this
risk as much as possible by preparing our applications for
approval with great care and ensuring that approval
processes are handled competently.

With regard to regulatory and political risks, we currently
ascribe the highest importance to the Climate Action Plan
2050 and its possible consequences. The related risk is
the!only one which we currently classify as high . In the
previous year, we had discussed a different high risk

here: !this related to the uncertainty about how the
responsibility for nuclear waste disposal was to be divided
between the Federal government and the utilities, and
how much the companies might have to pay into the
nuclear energy fund. The legislator has since clari ed

these issues.

Legal risks. Individual RWEGroup companies are involved
in litigation and arbitration proceedings due to their
operations or the acquisition of companies. Out-of-court
claims may also be led against them. Furthermore,
companies from the RWE Group are directly involved in
various procedures with public authorities or are at least
affected by their outcomes. We have accrued provisions

for possible losses resulting from pending proceedings
before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that
we granted in connection with the sale of shareholdings.
Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that
are!identi ed within the scope of due diligence, the
probability of occurrence of which is, however, uncertain.
In contrast, warranties also cover risks that are unknown
at!the time of sale. The hedging instruments described
above are standard procedure in sales of companies and
equity holdings.
Development of risks and opportunities

Our legal risks are classi ed in the category medium at
most. There was no change in this regard compared to
the!previous year.

¥ Operational risks. RWE operates technologically
complex, !interconnected production facilities. During their
construction, delays and cost increases can occur, for
example due to accidents, material defects, late deliveries
or time-consuming approval processes. We counter this
through diligent plant and project management as well
as!high safety standards. We also regularly inspect and
maintain our facilities. Nevertheless, it is impossible to
prevent occasional outages. If economically viable, we
take out insurance policies.

In relation to capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, there is a risk that the
income may fall short of expectations. Furthermore, prices
paid for acquisitions may retrospectively prove to be too
high. However, it is also possible that the returns on
investments turn out to be higher than originally assumed.
RWE has speci c accountability provisions and approval
processes in place to prepare and implement investment
decisions. Closely monitoring both our markets and
competitors helps us record and assess strategic risks and
opportunities early on.

Our business processes are supported by secure data
processing systems. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out a
lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. Our high security standards are designed to
prevent this. In addition, we regularly invest in hardware
and software upgrades.

As in the previous year, we currently classify our operating

risks as low.

Financial risks. The volatility of market interest rates and
foreign exchange rates as well as share prices can have a
signi cant effect on our earnings. Due to our international
presence, we attach high importance to exchange rate
risk. Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal
and!oil!are traded in US dollars. Companies which are
operationally managed by RWE AG must have their
currency risks managed by the parent company, and
innogy SE carries out this function for its subsidiaries.

For!their respective companies, RWE AG and innogy SE
determine the net nancial position for each currency and
hedges if necessary. The VaR concept is used to measure
and limit risks. In 2016, the annual average VaR for
RWEAG s foreign currency position was less than

"1 !million. The same holds true for the foreign currency
positions of innogy. The value for the previous year, which
still pertained to the entire RWE Group, was also lower
than this gure.

We differentiate between several categories of interest

rate risks. Rises in interest rates can lead to reductions in
the price of the securities we hold. This primarily relates to
xed-interest bonds. The VaR for the interest rate-related
price risk of capital investments was "9!million on average
at RWEAG and "4!million on average at innogy. The
prior-year gure for the RWE Group was "12!million.

Moreover, increases in interest rates cause our nancing
costs to rise. We measure this risk using the cash ow at
risk (CFaR), applying a con dence level of 95% anda
holding period of one year. In contrast to VaR, we are
unable to determine an annual average CFaR value due to
the reorganisation of the Group. As of the balance-sheet
date, the CFaR amounted to "1!million at both RWE AG
and innogy. The comparable prior-year gure for the
RWEGroup was "1!million.

Furthermore, market interest rates have an effect on
our!provisions, as they are the point of reference for the
discount rates used for determining the net present values
of obligations. This means that in the case of declining
market interest rates our provisions generally rise and
vice!versa. On page 133 et seqq. in the Notes, we have
provided commentary on how sensitively the net present
values of pension, nuclear and mining obligations react to
rises and falls in discount rates.

RWEAG and innogy also both have equities in their
holdings of securities. The annual average VaR for the risk
associated with changes in the prices of these instruments
was "8!million at RWE AG and "7! million at innogy. The
prior-year gure for the RWE Group was "8! million.

83
84

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of
securities are controlled by a professional fund

management system. Range of action, responsibilities and
controls are set out in internal guidelines which the Group
companies are obliged to adhere to when concluding

nancial transactions. All nancial transactions are

recorded using special software and are monitored by
RWEAG and innogy. This enables us to balance risks

across individual companies. As noted, RWE AG performs
securities management as a service for innogy.

The conditions at which we can nance our business on
the debt capital market is also largely dependent on
the!credit ratings we receive from international rating
agencies. As set out on page 54, Standard &Poors and
Moody s lowered the long-term rating of our senior bonds
to BBB- and Baa3, respectively. Fitch gives us a slightly
better credit rating (BBB), but the outlook is negative.
There is a possibility of further rating downgrades. This
could result in additional costs when raising capital and

hedging trading transactions.

One current threat to our rating is that other rating
agencies may follow Standard &Poor s and withdraw the
so-called equity credit for our hybrid bonds. At present,
Moody s and Fitch recognise half of the liabilities from
these bonds as equity. Since we announced in February
2017 that we would call a hybrid bond with a volume of
CHF 250!million on 4 April 2017 without re nancing it
with a new hybrid bond, Standard &Poor s fully recognises
all seven of RWE s hybrid bonds as debt capital. Moody s
and Fitch may now also consider reducing or cancelling
the equity credit. Key rating indicators such as the debt
level would then be less favourable.

As in the previous year, our major nancial risks are
classi ed as medium .

¥ Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business
relations with key accounts, suppliers, trading partners
and nancial institutions expose us to credit risks.
Therefore, we track the creditworthiness of our transaction
partners closely and assess their credit standing based on
internal and external ratings, both before and during the
business relationship. Transactions that exceed certain
approval thresholds and all trading transactions are
subject to a credit limit, which we determine before the

transaction is concluded and adjust if necessary, for
instance in the event of a change in creditworthiness.
At!times, we request cash collateral or bank guarantees.
Credit risks and the utilisation of the limits in the trading
and nancing business are measured daily. innogy

identi es credit risks in the retail business through regular
analyses of its customers creditworthiness and takes
appropriate countermeasures, if necessary. Furthermore,
it!takes out insurance policies to cover payment defaults.

As arule, over-the-counter energy trading transactions
are!concluded through framework agreements, e.g. those
prescribed by the European Federation of Energy Traders
(EFET). In addition, we agree on collateral. For nancial
derivatives, we make use of the German master agreement
for forward nancial transactions or the master agreement
of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(ISDA).

As in the past, our risks stemming from the
creditworthiness of our business partners do not exceed
the category medium .

¥ Other risks. This risk class includes reputation risks
and!risks associated with non-compliance and criminal
offences!committed by employees of the Group. It also
encompasses the possibility of planned divestments not
being implemented, for example owing to regulatory
requirements or the lack of acceptable bids. As in the
previous year, we currently classify our other risks as
medium at most.

Overall assessment of the risk and opportunity situation
by executive management. As discussed in this chapter,
RWE s risk exposure is mainly determined by the economic
and regulatory environment. Currently, our most signi cant
risk exposure stems from the German Climate Action Plan
2050. We believe that the reduction in emissions of
greenhouse gases targeted for 2030 is very ambitious and
see a risk that the use of coal for electricity production will
be phased out too quickly. In the United Kingdom and the
Netherlands, it is also possible that coal- red power plants
will be shut down due to excessively rigid climate protection
requirements. By contrast, the risk exposure in the nuclear
business has declined. There is now an act governing how
the responsibility for nuclear waste disposal will be divided
between the Federal government and the plant operators.
That said, from the perspective of the companies a public
contract with the Federal government is still needed to
provide them with legal security.
Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

In addition to the regulatory framework, commodity prices
also have a signi cant impact on our earnings. Due to the
strongly subsidised expansion of renewables and the low
prices for hard coal, current quotations on the German
wholesale electricity market are much lower than they were
a few years ago. We consequently recognised several
impairments on our power plants as a result of this. If
wholesale electricity prices once again come under pressure
following the modest recovery seen in 2016, it may lead to
additional declines in earnings and further impairments, as
well as the possibility of a downgrade of our credit rating
and rising costs for hedging trading transactions. However,
prices may trend back upwards and the crisis in the
conventional electricity generation sector may ease.

We are responding to the adverse conditions in the energy
sector with comprehensive ef ciency-enhancing measures
and strict investment discipline. In organisational and
nancial terms, we have also aligned ourselves to be more
SE. By
analysing the liquidity effects of risks and pursuing a

resistant to crises by founding and listing innogy

conservative nancing strategy, we ensure that we always
have enough cash and cash equivalents to meet our

payment obligations punctually. We have strong operating
cash ows, considerable liquid funds and great nancial
leeway, thanks to our commercial paper programme and the
unused line of credit. We budget our liquidity with foresight,
based on the short, medium and long-term funding needs of
our Group companies, and have a signi cant amount of
minimum liquidity on a daily basis.

Thanks to our comprehensive risk management system and
the measures for safeguarding our nancial and earning
power described earlier, we are con dent that we can
manage the current risks to RWE. At the same time, we are
working hard to ensure that this remains the case in the
future.

Report on the accounting-related internal control system:

statements in accordance with Sec. 315, Para. 2, No. 5
and Sec. 289, Para. 5 of the German Commercial Code.
Risks associated with nancial reporting re ect the fact that
our annual, consolidated and interim nancial statements

may contain misrepresentations that could have a signi cant
in uence on the decisions made by their addressees. Our
accounting-related Internal Control System (ICS) aims to
detect and neutralise potential sources of error. While we are
able to mitigate the risk of material misrepresentations in

the nancial reporting, we cannot eliminate this risk entirely.

The foundations of the ICS are our basic principles, which
are set out in RWE s Code of Conduct and include our
ambition to provide complete, objective, correct, intelligible
and timely information, as well as the company s groupwide
guidelines. Building on this, minimum requirements for the
accounting-related IT systems are designed to ensure the
reliability of data collection and processing.

During the third quarter of 2016, accounting units which

had previously been part of RWE_ AG, along with the
group-wide Center of Expertise under the aegis of
RWEGroup Business Services, were transferred to innogy
The Shared Service Center in Krakow, which was also part of
RWEGroup Business Services, was also assigned to

innogy SE, but continues to provide services for other Group
companies as well. Professional management of the Group s
accounting is still the responsibility of the Accounting
Department of RWE AG, which also prepares the
consolidated nancial statements of RWE.

RWEAG is also responsible for the design and monitoring of
the ICS. This task is performed by Accounting. Additionally,
there is a group-wide set of rules for designing and
monitoring the ICS. We also created the ICS Committee in
2015. Its objective is to ensure that the ICS is applied
throughout the Group following uniform principles, meeting
high ambitions in terms of correctness and transparency.
Representatives from the Accounting, Controlling &Risk
Management and Internal Auditing &Compliance
departments, along with the responsible parties from the
areas of nance, human resources, procurement, trading
and!IT — all of which play an important role in nancial
reporting!— are members of this Committee. innogy SE is
also!represented in this Committee.

A comprehensive review of the ICS is conducted every year.
As a rst step, we examine whether the risk situation is
presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are
in!place for the identi ed risks. In a second step, the
effectiveness of the controls is tested. This task has been
entrusted to employees in the accounting and group audit
departments as well as independent auditing companies.
They use an IT system that was speci cally introduced for
this purpose. The of cers of the nance, human resources,
purchasing, trading and IT functions certify whether the
agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by their
respective areas. The results of the review are documented
in a report to the Executive Board of RWE AG. The reviews
conducted in 2016 once again demonstrated that the ICS is

85

SE.
86

an effective system. The processes in accounting and the
aforementioned functions with strong relevance to
accounting were analysed.

The ICS review described here pertained to the Group

SE and
its subsidiaries, and the results of this are integrated into the
ICS report for RWE AG.

without innogy. A separate review occurs for innogy

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the
Executive Board of RWE AG took an external full-year
balance-sheet oath, con rming that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the

gures give a true and fair view of the net assets, nancial
position and results of operations. When in session, the
Supervisory Board s Audit Committee regularly concerns
itself with the effectiveness of the ICS. Once a year, the
Executive Board of RWE AG submits to the committee a
report on the effectiveness of the ICS.

The internal control systems of RWE AG and innogy SE were
again developed and re ned in scal 2016. RWE AG
&Trading. At
innogy, discussions on the further development of the ICS

concentrated on controls at RWE Supply

centred on settlement procedures in the retail business. This
is expected to continue in 2017.
Combined review of operation? Outlook

1.13 OUTLOOK

Despite the ongoing declines in margins in the conventional power generation business, there is a good chance that

the!RWE Group s adjusted EBITDA will improve slightly. From the current vantage point, it may reach a level of

"5.4!billion to "5.7!billion in 2017, after having come in at the lower end of this range in the previous year. Adjusted

net income is expected to increase to "1.0!billion to "1.3!billion. We are optimistic that the trading business will

improve signi cantly, following the negative performance in the previous year. We also anticipate further advances in

ef ciency in conventional power generation. Our subsidiary innogy will probably also contribute to a positive

development of earnings.

Economic output in the Eurozone to remain modest.
According to!initial forecasts for 2017, global economic
output is!expected to rise by around3 =. %, with the Eurozone
experiencing growth of roughly 1.5 %. The Council of
Economic Experts forecasts growth of 1.3 % for Germany.
The Dutch economy may grow slightly more than the
Eurozone, while growth in Belgium is expected to be roughly
comparable. Due to the Brexit vote, growth in the!United

%. The growth
forecasts for our Central Eastern European markets are

Kingdom will likely expand at a rate of just 1

relatively favourable. Experts expect that Poland and

Slovakia will achieve growth of 3 %, while the rates in the
Czech Republic and Hungary will be modestly lower, at 2.5 %
for both countries.

Energy consumption expected to be higher than in 2016.
Our forecast for this year s energy consumption is based on
the projected economic development. In addition, we
assume that temperatures this year will be normal and
therefore lower overall than in 2016. If these conditions
materialise, we believe that demand for electricity will be
stable or rise marginally in Germany, the Netherlands and
the United Kingdom. Stimulus from economic growth and
potentially colder weather will be contrasted by the
dampening effects of continuing increases in energy

ef ciency. For innogy s key Eastern European electricity
markets — Poland, Slovakia and Hungary — increases of 1% to
2% are expected.

With regard to gas, we forecast rising consumption in all of
innogy s sales regions. This results from the assumption of
normal temperatures, which would be re ected in higher
demand for heating. Furthermore, the expected economic
expansion should stimulate demand for gas. There may
also!be positive momentum from the electricity generation
segment, provided that the market conditions for gas- red
power stations continue to improve. We expect
counteracting in uences from the trend for saving energy.

Almost all electricity generation for 2017 already sold.
Wholesale prices for electricity and key energy commodities
rebounded somewhat during the course of the past year.
Their development depends on multiple economic and
political factors which are hard to predict. However, the
future development of these prices is only of secondary
importance to our earnings in the current! scal year as we
have already sold almost all of our electricity generation for
2017 and secured the prices of the required fuel and
emission allowances. The 2017 price we achieved for
electricity generated by our German lignite- red and nuclear
power stations is signi cantly lower than the previous year s
average of "35!per MWh. Consequently, our earnings in
conventional power generation will probably be lower than
in 2016.

Adjusted EBITDA for 2017 expected to range from
"5.4!billion to "5.7!billion. Starting from the current scal
year, we use adjusted EBITDA instead of adjusted EBIT as
the key indicator to describe the operational development of
earnings in the Group and in the individual segments. As
adjusted EBITDA contains no write-downs, it is closer to the
operational cash ows, which are of great importance, in
particular for the management of our power plant portfolio.
In subsequent earnings forecasts we only focus on adjusted
EBITDA and adjusted net income.

For the current scal year, we expect adjusted EBITDA to
range between "5S.4!billion and "5.7!billion. Accordingly,
there may be a slight increase compared to 2016, despite
declines in power plant margins. We expect that
performance in the trading business will improve strongly
and that innogy will incur lower expenses for maintaining
distribution networks. Adjusted net income should be in a
corridor of "1.0!billion to '"1.3!billion and therefore come in
considerably higher than in 2016. In addition to the factors
discussed above, operating depreciation on our power
plants will also decline, which has an effect on adjusted net
88

income. This follows from the high impairments which were the amounts paid in are refunded to us, we would recognise
recognised last year. Furthermore, we anticipate a signi cant these sums in the non-operating result. Consequently,
improvement in the nancial result. If the highest German adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income would remain
court nds that the nuclear fuel tax is against the law and unaffected.
Earnings forecast for 2017 2016 actual Outlook 2017
! million
Adjusted EBITDA 5,403 !5.4 billion to !5.7 billion
Conventional Power Generation 1,456 Significantly below previous year
Trading/Gas Midstream "139 Significantly above previous year
innogy 4,203 Moderately above previous year
Adjusted net income T7171 !1.0 billion to !1.3 billion

1 Quali ers such as moderately or signi cantly indicate percentage deviations from the previous years gures.
2 Changed term, formerly EBITDA ; see explanation on page 41.

We expect earnings at the divisional level to develop as Dividend for 2017. In the future, the dividend policy of
follows: RWEAG will continue to follow the principle of economic
sustainability. For scal 2017, the Executive Board is
¥ Conventional Power Generation: In this division, targeting a dividend of "0.50 per common and preferred
adjusted!EBITDA will probably decline signi cantly. As share. The goal is to maintain at least this level in the
noted already, most of this year s electricity production business years thereafter. The dividend proposal is
has already been placed on the market. On the whole, the determined by the operating cash ows, which RWE has at
margins realised for 2017 are much smaller than for 2016. its disposal on a sustainable level.
One positive factor is that the German nuclear fuel tax
came to an end in 2016. Furthermore, we are optimistic Modest increase in headcount. Although restructuring
that we can pro t from additional ef ciency-enhancing measures are leading to further staff reductions in
measures in 2017. conventional power generation, the number of employees
in!the Group will probably increase modestly. The main
¥ Trading /Gas Midstream: We anticipate a substantial reason for this is additions to the workforce at innogy. In this
improvement in earnings in this division. This is based on regard, the acquisition of Belectric Solar &Battery in early
the assumption that the trading business will be 2017 plays a role, since our subsidiary added around
considerably more pro table this year, after the negative 600!employees as a result.
performance in 2016. Earnings in the gas midstream
business are likely to remain stable. "2.5!billion to "3.0!billion earmarked for capital
expenditure in 2017. Our capital expenditure this year
¥ innogy: Our subsidiary will most likely close the year is!anticipated to total between "2.5!billion and "3.0!billion.
with!a modestly better result than in the previous year, This includes spending on nancial assets. innogy is
in!part!due to declining expenses for the operation and responsible for roughly four- fths of the investment budget,
maintenance of the distribution networks. In the retail and including in particular the maintenance and expansion of
renewables businesses, the results are expected to be on distribution networks. Moreover, innogy intends to further
par with last year s. expand its renewables capacity. We have budgeted about

"0.4!billion for our power stations and opencast mines,
mostly for the maintenance and modernisation of these
facilities.
Combined review of operation? Outlook

Net debt probably on a par year on year. By the end of
2017, net debt is expected to be in the order of last year s
level ("22.7!billion). As explained on page 34, we will
transfer the base amount andthe 35% risk surcharge — in
total roughly "6.8!billion — to the newly created public fund
for nuclear energy on | July 2017. This will have a negative
impact on our net nancial position. However, since!this
upcoming payment is already recognised in the provisions in
the consolidated nancial statements for 2016,!it is not

likely to have any further impact on the development of net
debt. No positive effects from a possible refund of the
nuclear fuel tax have been taken into!account in the
forecasts. Furthermore, we assume the interest level will
remain stable, which would also result in stable discount
rates for provisions.

89
90 RWE Annual Report 2016

2

RESPONSIBILITY STATE!

To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles, the consolidated
nancial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, nancial position and pro t or loss of
the Group, and the Group review of operations includes a fair review of the development and performance
of the business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal opportunities

and risks associated with the expected development of the Group.

Essen, 27 February 2017

The Executive Board
