

--- Page 1 ---



--- Page 2 ---

SCOR GROUP

Selected financial information <

EE SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1.1.1. GROUP KEY FIGURES.

SCOR SE and its consolidated subsidiaries (“SCOR” or the
“Group"), form the world’s fourth largest reinsurer “? serving
more than 4,000 clients from its four organizational hubs (the
Hubs”) located in Paris/London and Zurich/Cologne for Europe,
Singapore for Asia and New York/Charlotte/Kansas City for the
Americas.

Two of these Hubs resulted from the combination of previously
existing Hubs with a view of strengthening the organizational
structure of SCOR in Europe. The Zurich/Cologne Hub was

established on October 1, 2014 and became fully operational in
the first quarter of 2015. The Paris/London Hub was established
on April 15, 2015 and became fully operational in the second
quarter of 2015.

The sound 2016 year-end results and solidity of the balance
sheet demonstrate the effectiveness of SCOR's strategy, based
on extensive business and geographical diversification, while
focusing on traditional reinsurance activities.

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 12/31/2014
Consolidated SCOR Group
Gross written premiums 13,826 13,421 11,316
Net earned premiums 12,462 11,984 9,991
Operating result 951 1,048 825,
Consolidated net income — Group share 603 642 512
Net investment income on invested assets" 670 666 576
Group cost ratio” 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%
Return on invested assets” 2.9% 3.1% 2.9%
Return on equity® 9.5% 10.6% 9.9%
Basic earnings per share (in EUR) 3.26 3.46 2.75
Book value per share ((in EUR)” 35.94 34.03 30.60
Share price (in EUR) 32.83 34.51 25.20
Operating cash flow 1,354 795 894
Total shareholders’ equity 6,695 6,363 5,729
SCOR Global P&C
Gross written premiums 5,639 5,723 4,935
Net combined ratio” 93.1% 91.1% 91.4%
SCOR Global Life
Gross written premiums 8,187 7,698 6,381
Life technical margin ? 7.0% 7.2% 7.1%

(1) See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

(2) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios, for detailed calculation.

(3) Earnings per share are calculated as net income divided by the number of ordinary shares, which includes the average number of shares over the reporting
period, shares issued during the period and time-weighted treasury shares. See Section 4.6 Note 21 — Earnings per share for detailed calculation.

(4) Closing stock price on December 30, 2016 (December 31, 2015, 2014).

(5) In 2016, includes a EUR 301 million one-off cash in-flow from the repayment of a cedent’s fund withheld.

(1) By net reinsurance premiums written, source: “AM Best Special Report Global Reinsurance 2016".

SCOR / Registration Document 2016 ———@) 5



--- Page 3 ---

SCOR GROUP
> Selected financial information
1.1.2. OVERVIEW.

GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUMS
In EUR million

—

13,421 13,826
fs723
11,316
10,253
9,514 i935
fazed
4,650]
f699
e301
5.403]
laeea

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

[) P&C Segment © Life Segment

RETURN ON EQUITY*

Asa %
11.4% 10.6%
9.9% .
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

* Return on equity is based on the Group's share of net income divided by average
shareholders’ equity (calculated as shareholders’ equity at the beginning of the
period adjusted for the effect of all movements during the period on a pro rata
temporis basis). The ROE calculation method was adjusted in 2014 to take into
account material foreign exchange rates movements that do not occur evenly
throughout the reporting period. A daily weighted average is applied used
for the currency or currencies that experienced such movements and simple
weighted average is applied used for the other currencies. The ratio previously
reported in the 2013 Registration Document was 11.5% for 2013.

6 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME - GROUP SHARE
In EUR million

—

549*

512

418

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

* 2013 consolidated net income ~ group share included gains from bargain purchases
for EUR 202 million (net of acquisition related costs).

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY, DEBT AND

LEVERAGE RATIO* (AS A %)
In EUR million

—

27.5%** 24.4%

fe.613 2,256
23.1%
1,743]
20.0% 212%
1,379] [6,363| _
1,212] ea
|4,807| “700

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

[5 Subordinated debt
[ Total shareholders’ Equity

The leverage ratio is calculated as the percentage of subordinated debt
compared to the sum of shareholders’ equity and subordinated debt. The
calculation excludes accrued interest and includes the impact of swaps related to
subordinated debt issuances.

** In September 2014 and December 2015, SCOR issued two subordinated notes
for EUR 250 million and EUR 600 million, respectively, with the intention to
refinance through the proceeds of these two notes the optional redemptions
of the outstanding balance of the 6.154% undated deeply subordinated
EUR 350 million notes callable in July 2016 and of the 5.375% fixed to floating-
rate undated subordinated CHF 650 million notes callable in August 2016. The
proceeds of these notes were also meant to be used for general corporate
purposes. Had these redemptions been effective on December 31, 2015, the
leverage ratio would have amounted to 20.6%. These redemptions occurred on
the expected dates.


--- Page 4 ---

NET COMBINED RATIO*

Asa %
W1% 93.9% — gam 91.1% —«93-1%
re) 7 — =
zal] fa] fe} [=
76 ta = 22
379 377 Py 369
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

[© Natural catastrophes
© Net attritional

[5 P&C management
[5 Commissions

* The net combined ratio is calculated by taking the sum of incurred losses,
commissions and management expenses net of retrocession, divided by earned
premiums net of retrocession.

SCOR GROUP

Selected financial information <

SHARE PRICE
In EUR

15

10

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

LIFE TECHNICAL MARGIN*

In %

——

7.7% 7.A%**
we " mae aE 7 7.0%
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

* The Life technical margin is calculated as the percentage of net technical result
plus income from funds held by ceding companies in relation to the net of gross
and ceded earned premiums. The net technical result represents the result of the
net reinsurance operations of the Life division including income and expenses
either implied in the reinsurance and retrocession arrangements or fully related
to these arrangements.

** The technical result calculation method was adjusted in 2014 to include revenues
from Life reinsurance contracts that do not transfer significant reinsurance risk
(presented in the investment income line of the 2013 Registration Document).
The ratio previously reported in the 2013 Registration Document was 7.3% for
the year ended December 31, 2013. This change has no impact on the 2012
ratio.

1.1.3. DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY.

DIVIDEND PER SHARE AND DISTRIBUTION RATE

In EUR

—;—

Aresolution will be presented to the Annual General Meeting held
during the first half of 2017, to approve the financial statements
for the financial year 2016, proposing the distribution of a
dividend of EUR 1.65 per share for the financial year 2016.

The statute of limitations for dividends is five years. Unclaimed
dividends will be paid over to the French Treasury. See also
Section 4.6 Note 21 — Earnings per share to the consolidated
financial statements.

1.65
1.
o.5 51% 51%
44% 43%
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

-* Dividend per share © Distribution rate

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 2016 ———@) 7


--- Page 5 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

WEA INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCOR GROUP

1.2.1. INTRODUCTION

Legal name and commercial name of the issuer
Legal name: SCOR SE

Commercial name: SCOR

Place and registration number of the issuer
R.C.S. number: Paris 562 033 357
A.P.E. Code: 6520Z

Date of incorporation and term of the issuer

The Company was incorporated on August 16, 1855, as a limited
partnership (société en commandite), under the name Compagnie
Impériale des Voitures de Paris. In 1866, the Company was
converted into a joint stock company (société anonyme) under the
name Compagnie Générale des Voitures de Paris. The Company
changed its name to SCOR SA on October 16, 1989 and in 1990,
absorbed Société Commerciale de Réassurance, created in 1970,
and took over the reinsurance business of the latter. On May 13,
1996, SCOR SA changed its name to SCOR. On June 25, 2007,
SCOR changed its legal form to a European Company (Societas
Europaea) and became SCOR SE. In 2012, the Company relocated
from Paris-La Défense to Paris. On April 25, 2013, the Company's
term was extended for 99 years by decision of the Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting and will expire on April 25, 2112 unless
extended or previously dissolved.

Domicile and legal form of the issuer, legislation
governing its activities, country of incorporation,
address and telephone number of its registered
office

Registered office and contact information of issuer

SCOR SE
5, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris

France

Tel.: +33 (0) 158 44 70 00
Fax: +33 (0) 1 58 44 85 00
www.scor.com

E-mail: scor@scor.com

Listing

In 1989, the Company and UAP Reassurances, a subsidiary of
the state-owned Société Centrale de l'Union des Assurances de
Paris, combined their Property and Casualty and Life reinsurance
businesses. Following a reverse merger with Compagnie Générale
des Voitures, the Company listed its ordinary shares on the Paris
stock exchange and changed its name to SCOR SA and to SCOR
in 1996. In the same year, UAP Reassurances sold its 41% stake
in SCOR through an IPO. SCOR’s American depositary shares
were also listed on the New York stock exchange at that time.
They were delisted in 2007 and the Company’s securities were
deregistered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on September 4, 2007.

8 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

As at the date of this Registration Document, SCOR SE's shares
are listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris SA and on the SIX Swiss
Exchange (formerly SWX Swiss Exchange) in Zurich, where they
were admitted for trading on August 8, 2007.

Following the reorganization of Euronext indices on January 3,
2005, the ordinary shares are now included on the following
indices: SBF 80, SBF 120, CAC Next 20, CAC Large 60, CAC
All-Shares, CAC All Tradable, CAC Financials, Euronext FAS IAS and
Euronext 100. The SBF 80 index is made up of 80 French stocks
which are the most traded on the continuous segments not
included in the CAC 40 index. The SBF 120 index consists of
the 120 most actively traded French stocks. The CAC Next 20
index includes the most representative stocks in terms of free
float-adjusted capitalization and share turnover not included in
the CAC 40 index. The CAC Large 60 index is composed of the
constituents of the CAC 40 and CAC Next 20 indices. The CAC
All-shares index is composed of all the stocks listed on Euronext
Paris with an annual velocity ratio of over 5%. The CAC All
Tradable index includes all the stocks of the Euronext Paris market
with a free float of at least 20%. The CAC Financials index is
composed of the stocks included in the CAC All Tradable index
belonging to the financial sector. The Euronext FAS IAS index is
composed of the stocks included in the CAC All Tradable index
that fulfill the following condition: at least 3% of the capital is
controlled by employees, a minimum of 25% of the workforce
in France should own shares of the company and a minimum of
15% of the overall workforce should own shares of the company.
The Euronext 100 index comprises the 100 largest and most liquid
stocks traded on Euronext.

SCOR SE has been included in the EuroStoxx Select Dividend 30
index of the 30 highest dividend paying European companies
since March 12, 2010.

Applicable law and regulation

General

The Company was converted into a European Company (Societas
Europaea) in 2007. As such, SCOR SE is governed by the provisions
of Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 (the “SE Regulation”)
and those of European Council Directive 2001/86/EC of October 8,
2001 supplementing the Statute for a European Company with
regard to the involvement of employees, and by the provisions of
French law relating to European Companies, as well as for all other
matters partially covered or not covered by the SE Regulation, by
French legal provisions applicable to sociétés anonymes, where
they are not contrary to the specific provisions applicable to
European Companies.

The Group's divisions’ business activities of insurance, reinsurance
and asset management are subject to comprehensive regulation
and supervision in each of the jurisdictions where the Group
operates. Given that the Group is headquartered in Paris (France),
this supervision is based, to a significant extent, on European
Union directives and on the French regulatory system. The Group’s
principal regulators in France are the financial markets authority
(Autorité des marchés financiers — AMF), and the principal


--- Page 6 ---

French insurance and reinsurance regulator (Autorité de contréle
prudentiel et de résolution — ACPR). While the extent and nature
of regulation varies from country to country, most jurisdictions
in which SCOR‘s insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries operate
have laws and regulations governing solvency standards, levels of
reserves, permitted types and concentrations of investments, and
business conduct to be respected by insurance and reinsurance
companies. The supervisory authorities with jurisdiction over
the Group’s operations may conduct regular or unexpected
examinations of the insurers’/reinsurers’ or asset managers’
operations and accounts and request specific information from the
insurer or reinsurer. Certain jurisdictions also require registration
and periodic reporting by holding companies that control a
licensed insurer or reinsurer. This holding company legislation
typically requires periodic disclosure concerning the corporate
entity that controls the licensed insurer and other affiliated
companies, including prior approval of transactions between
the insurer, the reinsurer and other affiliated companies such
as intercompany asset transfers and dividend payments by the
authorized insurer or reinsurer. In general, these regulations
are designed to protect the interests of insureds rather than
shareholders.

Under the directive Solvency Il and related European and French
regulations, French companies, whose exclusive business is
reinsurance, can only carry on said business after having obtained
an official authorization, issued by the ACPR. Registered reinsurers
in France can operate under certain conditions in the European
Economic Area (EEA) under the freedom to provide services and/
or the freedom of establishment (branch).

Solvency regulations

SCOR SE and its insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject
to regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions where they
do business, which are designed to monitor capital adequacy
and to protect insureds. While the specific regulatory capital
requirements (including the definition of admitted assets and
methods of calculation) vary between jurisdictions, an insurance
or reinsurance company’s required capital can be impacted by a
wide variety of factors including, business mix, product design,
sales volume, invested assets, liabilities, reserves and movements
in the capital markets, including interest rates and equity markets.

SCOR group is regulated by the “Solvency II” European directive which
applies since January 1, 2016, having been transposed into French
law on April 2, 2015 through the ordinance No 2015-378 and related
decree (No 2015-513, May 7, 2015) and arrété (of May 7, 2015).

The Solvency Il framework covers, among other matters, valuation
of assets and liabilities, the treatment of insurance and reinsurance
groups, the definition of capital and the overall level of required
capital. A key aspect of Solvency Il is that assessment of the
Group’s risks and capital requirements is aligned more closely
with economic capital methodologies.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

SCOR group is subject to supervision by the ACPR which has
extensive oversight authority, including to review the Group's
solvency capital requirements well as the solvency capital
requirement of each French insurance or reinsurance company.

Since January 1, 2016, the regulatory solvency position of the
Group has been assessed using SCOR's internal model, which
was approved in November 2015 by the relevant supervisory
authorities.

For additional information on the impact of these regulatory
changes on the Group’s operations and financial position, see
Section 3.2.3.

For a detailed description of new governance requirements, see
Section 2.

Other solvency regimes

Many regulators worldwide are developing new solvency regulatory
frameworks similar to the Solvency II regulations as developed by
the European Union. For example, the Chinese regulator (CIRC)
has recently implemented “C-Ross”, a regulatory regime imposing
new capital requirements and heightened governance on the
branches of foreign companies subject to CIRC supervision. For
a detailed description of the statutory impact of these initiatives
on the Group, see Section 3.2.3.

Asset management regulations

SCOR Investment Partners SE (formerly known as SCOR Global
Investments SE) is subject to extensive regulation in the various
jurisdictions in which it operates. These regulations are generally
designed to safeguard client assets and ensure the adequacy of
disclosures concerning investment returns, risk characteristics of
invested assets in various funds, suitability of investments for client
investment objectives and risk tolerance, as well as the identity and
qualifications of investment managers. These regulations generally
grant supervisory authorities broad administrative powers, including
the power to limit or restrict the performance of business activities
for failure to comply with such laws and regulations.

Data transfers to the USA

October 6, 2015, the Court of justice of the European Union
invalidated the adequacy decision adopted by the European
Commission on July 26, 2000 authorizing the transfer of personal
data to US companies subscribing to the principles of the «security
sphere» (Safe Harbor). The negotiations between, on one hand,
the members of the European Union and its institutions and,
on the other hand, the US authorities ended in the creation of
a new legal framework, the US-EU Privacy Shield: its entry into
force on August 1, 2016 allows the transfer of personal data
to the US companies duly registered with the Department of
Trade of the United States. In parallel of this new facility, other
mechanisms continue to allow the transfer of personal data
to the United States, such as (i) the insertion in contracts with

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 2016 ———@) 9


--- Page 7 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

US companies of standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission and specifying the obligations of data
protection, or (ii) the use of internal rules of company (Binding
corporate rules) approved by the national authorities of data
protection for transfers within multinational groups. The Group
thus remains confident in the use of the above mentioned ways
to regularly transfer data across the Atlantic.

Reform of the European data protection rules

The global reform of the rules of personal data protection,
contained in the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016, in
force since May 24, 2016, updates within the European Union
the principles of personal data processing put by the Directive on
the personal data protection dated October 24, 1995. Companies
shall have to organize their compliance before May 25, 2018.
The main objectives of the reform are (i) the strengthening of
the rights of the individuals, to grant them more control over
their personal data and facilitate them the relevant access, (ii)
the harmonization of the applicable laws within the European
Union as well as a system of one-stop shop resulting in closer
cooperation between the Data protection authorities, and finally
(iii) a stricter regime of application according to which the Data
protection authorities can pronounce fines up to 4% of the
global turnover of a company infringing the European regulation.

1.2.2. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF SCOR

SCOR became a reinsurance company in 1970, at the initiative of
the French government and with the participation of insurers on
the Paris market, to create a reinsurance company of international
stature under the name of Société Commerciale de Réassurance.
SCOR rapidly developed in various world markets, building up a
substantial international portfolio.

At the beginning of the 1980s, the French government's stake in
the Company’s share capital, held through the Caisse Centrale
de Réassurance, was progressively reduced in favor of insurance
companies that were active on the French market. (For more
details, see Section 1.2.1 — Introduction).

In 2003, the Group reorganized its Life reinsurance business. The
Group transferred all of the Group’s Life reinsurance business
throughout the world to SCOR Vie and its subsidiaries. SCOR
Vie, whose corporate name was changed to SCOR Global Life
in 2006, and which became a European Company (Societas
Europaea) in 2007, and its subsidiaries, are all directly or indirectly
wholly owned by SCOR SE.

On May 16, 2006, SCOR transferred all of its Non-Life
reinsurance business in Europe, comprising Property & Casualty
Treaties (including Credit and Surety business), large Corporate
Accounts and Construction reinsurance to Société Putéolienne
de Participations, a French subsidiary wholly owned by SCOR,
whose corporate name was changed to SCOR Global P&C, with
retroactive effect from January 1, 2006. In 2007, SCOR Global
P&C adopted European Company (Societas Europaea) status via
a merger by absorption of SCOR Deutschland Rtickversicherungs
AG and SCOR Italia Riassicurazioni SpA.

10 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

Evolution of the regulatory and compliance
environment

The legislative, regulatory and litigation environment in which the
Group operates is constantly changing. In continental Europe,
reinsurers, insurers, asset managers and other financial institutions
could face a danger of increasing the number of legal dispute and
associated costs, as a result of the introduction of class action.

Furthermore, complexity and extraterritorial scope of many
legislations on fight against financial criminality (fight against
money laundering, financing of terrorism and corruption,
compliance with international financial sanctions) create
serious risks of significant penalties in case of non-compliance.
As an example, see the French Law Sapin Il n° 2016-16-91 of
December 9, 2016 on fight against corruption

This complexity is likely to continue and could lead to increased
costs of compliance incurred by financial institutions like SCOR.

On November 21, 2006, SCOR completed the acquisition of
Revios Ruickversicherung AG (Revios), enabling it to become a
leading worldwide Life reinsurer. Based in Cologne (Germany),
Revios was the former Life reinsurance unit of Gerling Global Re
Group and had successfully developed on a stand-alone basis
from 2002 onward to become one of the leading European
reinsurers specializing in Life reinsurance, with operations in
17 countries. The combination of Revios and SCOR Vie created
SCOR Global Life SE, which is now one of SCOR's three primary
operational subsidiaries (along with SCOR Global P&C SE and
SCOR Global Investments SE, which became SCOR Investment
Partners SE, described below), with responsibility for the Life
reinsurance business.

In August 2007, SCOR acquired Converium (which became
SCOR Holding (Switzerland) AG (SCOR Holding Switzerland)).
SCOR’s shares were also admitted to trading in Swiss Francs
on the SWX Swiss Exchange (which later became the SIX Swiss
Exchange) in Zurich.

Following the acquisition of Revios and Converium, SCOR
restructured its operations around six regional management
platforms, or “Hubs”, which were phased in gradually:

eon May 5, 2008, for the Cologne Hub (combined with the
Zurich Hub from October 1, 2014);

© on May 20, 2008, for the London Hub (combined with the
Paris Hub from April 15, 2015);

e on June 18, 2008, for the Americas Hub;
© on June 27, 2008, for the Singapore Hub;


--- Page 8 ---

e on January 27, 2009, for the Zurich Hub (combined with the
Cologne Hub from October 1, 2014);

e on February 24, 2009, for the Paris Hub (combined with the
London Hub from April 15, 2015).

For more information on the Hub structure, see Section 1.2.3.1

— Brief description of the Group and of the position of the issuer.

On October 29, 2008, SCOR announced its decision to create
SCOR Global Investments SE (which became SCOR Investment
Partners SE), its asset management company (société de gestion
de portefeuille) and third operational entity within the Group
along with SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR Global Life SE. This
new company, incorporated on February 2, 2009, manages
SCOR’s investment portfolio and implements the investment
strategy determined by the Group's Investment Committee
chaired by the Group Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
SCOR Global Investments SE was approved by the AMF as a
portfolio management company with effect from May 15, 2009.
As a regulated portfolio management company, SCOR Investment
Partners SE carries out its activities on an arms-length basis and
with the operational independence required under Article L. 214-9
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et
financier).

On December 4, 2009, SCOR Global Life US Reinsurance Company,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, acquired XL Re Life
America Inc., a subsidiary of XL Capital Ltd, for an amount of
EUR 31 million. The acquisition strengthened SCOR Global Life’s
services in the mortality protection field and reinforced its position
in the US Life reinsurance market.

In 2011, the Lloyd’s Market Franchise Board approved the creation
of the Channel Syndicate 2015. SCOR is the sole capital provider
for the Channel Syndicate, which in 2011 had an initial stamp
capacity of GBP 75 million. Underwriting by the Channel Syndicate
began on January 5, 2011. The portfolio of the syndicate focuses
on direct insurance business in markets, including property, marine,
accident and health, financial institutions and professional civil
liability.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

On August 9, 2011, SCOR acquired the mortality portfolio of
Transamerica Re, a division of AEGON N.V., for USD 919 million.
The transaction also included the acquisition of an Irish entity,
which underwrited Transamerica Re’s business risks. SCOR
Global Life and Transamerica Re were merged into a new entity
SCOR Global Life in North America: SCOR Global Life Americas
Reinsurance Company (SCOR Global Life Americas).

On May 29, 2013, SCOR acquired a 59.9% stake in the capital of
MRM ‘S.A., a listed real estate company subject to the French REIT
régime (Régime des sociétés d’investissements immobiliers cotées
or SIIC), as part of a cash capital increase, after the restructuring
of MRM S.A. group’s banking and bond debts. This investment
amounted to EUR 53.3 million

On October 1, 2013, SCOR acquired Generali’s life reinsurance
operations in the US (Generali U.S. Holdings, Inc. or Generali
U.S.) for total consideration of EUR 573 million (USD 774 million).

On April 1, 2014, SCOR announced that it had obtained approval
from Lloyd's, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential
Regulatory Authority in the UK to create a Managing Agent at
Lloyd's. The new Managing Agency, “The Channel Managing
Agency Limited”, has acted as Managing Agent for SCOR’s own
Lloyd's syndicate, Channel 2015, since April 1, 2014.

On September 1, 2014, SCOR announced the creation of a
local entity in Brazil, SCOR Brasil Resseguros SA (SCOR Brasil
Re), following the granting of a license to operate as a Local
Reinsurer beside the Brazilian insurance authority SUSEP on
August 26, 2014.

On August 27, 2015, the English subsidiary SCOR UK Company
Limited created a Canadian branch (SCOR Insurance — Canadian
branch) whose activities started at the beginning of 2016.

In 2016, SCOR SE obtained the so-called “R3” authorization
from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of
India (IRDAI) allowing the Group to open a Composite Branch
office in India to conduct Life and P&C reinsurance business. The
Indian branch is expected to start underwriting business in 2017

#1

SCOOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 11



--- Page 9 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.3. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE OF SCOR

The main operational entities of the Group are presented in the chart below “”:

SCOR SE

(France)

i

SCOR Global Life SE
(France) (France)

SCOR Global P&C SE

SCOR Investment
Partners SE
(France)

© 9)

Subsidiaries of
the P&C division

1.2.3.1. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE
GROUP AND OF THE POSITION
OF THE ISSUER

Group operating companies

The Group parent company whose stock is listed on the Euronext
Paris regulated market is SCOR SE.

The Group is a three engine group driven by SCOR Global
Life, SCOR Global P&C and SCOR Global Investments. The
Group’s organizational choices were guided by the principles of
mobilization of skills and expertise, operating efficiency, structural
simplicity, clear reporting lines and balance between teams from
the Group's different entities.

SCOR Global P&C, the Group's Non-Life division, operates
worldwide through the branches of two main global reinsurance
companies (SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR SE) and the branches
of a global insurance company (SCOR UK Limited) as well as
insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries in Spain, Italy, Switzerland,
the UK, Germany, South Africa, Russia, the Americas and Asia-
Pacific, including China, India, South Korea, Hong Kong and
Singapore.

SCOR Global Life, the Group's Life division, operates worldwide
through the branches of two main global reinsurance companies
(SCOR Global Life SE and SCOR SE) as well as insurance,
reinsurance, distribution and distribution solutions subsidiaries

(1) The full organizational chart is available on SCOR's website (www.scor.com).

12 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

in Germany, the UK, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Netherlands,
Sweden, Belgium, Canada, the US, Latin America, Russia, South
Africa, Australia, New Zealand, China, Singapore, Malaysia and
South Korea.

SCOR Global Investments, the third division of the Group,
manages the investment portfolio of the Group's legal entities. It is
composed of the Group Investment Office and SCOR Investment
Partners SE, a portfolio management company, approved by
the AMF. The Group Investment Office manages the interaction
between the SCOR Group and SCOR Investment Partners in
managing the risk appetite, monitoring investment risks and
setting investment guidelines. SCOR Investment Partners manages
directly the assets of many SCOR group subsidiaries and manages
also the funds on the behalf of the Group and third party clients.

The Group's subsidiaries, branches and offices are connected
through a central network of applications and data exchange
platforms, which allow local access to centralized risk analysis,
underwriting or pricing databases and also gives access to
information on local market conditions, to be shared among
the Group’s subsidiaries, branches and offices. In addition, by
regularly rotating personnel between the Group’s head offices
in Paris and its non-French subsidiaries and branch offices, the
Group encourages its underwriters, actuaries, modelers, claims
experts and risk controllers to share and exchange experience
across its various geographic markets and business lines.

SCOR SE wholly owns its operating subsidiaries (excluding the
loaned securities held by directors).


--- Page 10 ---

SCOR SE also makes loans to its subsidiaries and issues them
guarantees so that they can underwrite under favorable
conditions, letting them benefit from its credit ratings. SCOR SE
provides actuarial, accounting, legal, administrative, systems,
internal audit, investment, and human resources support to Group
subsidiaries. Finally, SCOR SE acts, as needed, as retrocessionaire
for its two operational subsidiaries through proportional treaties
which are renewed annually and form the basis for internal
control within the Group through the annual allocation of capital
to the operating subsidiaries based on the profitability expected
from their underwriting activity. The contracts that formalize the
relationships between SCOR SE and its subsidiaries are presented
in Appendix C, 5 Note 4 - Transactions with subsidiaries, affiliates
and others.

The Group’s restructuring

SCOR launched and completed several major restructuring
projects, notably between 2005 and 2010, in order to simplify the
legal structure of the Group and clearly differentiate between the
operations of Life reinsurance subsidiaries and Non-Life reinsurance
subsidiaries, with a view to optimizing the annual allocation of
capital between operations under the Solvency | regime. In the
context of Solvency Il, SCOR announced in September of 2016
that it was considering merging its three reinsurance SE entities
(SCOR SE, SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR Global Life SE) as a
way to optimize its legal entities’ structure. At the date of this
registration document, the merger is on track and is expected
to be completed in 2019.

The “New SCOR” project

As part of the implementation of the New SCOR project announced
in June 2005, SCOR first transferred all of its NonLife reinsurance
business in Europe to Société Putéolienne de Participations (which
became SCOR Global P&C), a French subsidiary wholly owned
by SCOR. Secondly, SCOR SE, SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR
Global Life SE (formerly known as SCOR Vie) adopted European
Company (Societas Europaea) status on June 25, August 3 and
July 25, 2007 respectively.

European Company status enables SCOR SE to strengthen its
European and transnational identity, facilitate acquisitions in
Europe, improve its flexibility in financial matters and capital
allocation, simplify regulatory controls and reduce its local
structures, by giving preference to branches, rather than local
subsidiaries. The Group is thereby demonstrating its ambition to
be a company with European roots and global reach.

Reorganization of the North American entities

Following the 2011 acquisition of the mortality reinsurance
business of Transamerica Re, SCOR Global Life reorganized its
activities in the US and merged SCOR Global Life Reinsurance
Company of America into SCOR Global Life U.S. Reinsurance
Company. SCOR Global Life U.S. Reinsurance Company was

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

renamed SCOR Global Life Americas Reinsurance Company
(SGL Americas).

Following the 2013 acquisition of Generali U.S. Holding, Inc.,
Generali USA Life Reassurance Company, the primary operating
company, relocated from Missouri to Delaware and was renamed
SCOR Global Life USA Reinsurance Company.

The Hub structure

SCOR has structured its operations around several regional
management platforms, or Hubs: the Paris/London Hub (effective
April 15, 2015), the Zurich/Cologne Hub (effective October 1,
2014), the Americas Hub and the Singapore Hub

Each Hub has local, regional and Group responsibilities, with the
heads of each Hub reporting to the Group Chief Operating Officer.
Each Hub typically includes the following functions: a director
of legal and compliance, a director of Information technology
support, a director of finance and a director of human resources.
This organization enables:

e SCOR's operational structures and support functions to be
optimized by creating service entities in charge of managing
pooled resources, including information technology, human
resources, legal and others in the Group’s main locations;

® several Group functions to be carried out and managed in
geographical locations other than Paris in order to benefit fully
from the competencies within different hubs. The Hubs are not
responsible for generating revenues or for underwriting or claims
management. The local underwriting and claims management
teams have direct reporting lines within the respective P&C
and Life divisions. Hub shared service costs are then allocated
to the divisions; and

e the Group to develop a global culture while keeping local
specificities.

Management reviews the operating results of the Non-Life and

Life operating segments individually to assess the operational

performance of the business and to allocate resources. For more

information on SCOR’s operating segments, see Section 4.6,

Note 4 - Segment information.

The Hub structure is designed to facilitate access to local
markets through a network of local subsidiaries, branches and
representative offices, to better identify profit centers in each
major reinsurance market, obtain a deeper understanding of the
specific features of local risks and develop local management and
underwriting expertise, and thereby improve customer service
and maintain relationships with ceding companies. Since the
acquisition of the mortality reinsurance business, including the
operational assets and personnel, of Transamerica Re, and the
acquisition of Generali U.S. Holding Inc., Charlotte, North Carolina,
and Kansas City, Missouri, have become key locations for the
Life division. As part of these integrations, Charlotte and Kansas
City have joined New York as key competence centers for the
Americas Hub.

(1) Paris/London Hub: South Africa, Europe including Russia and other than Germany, Austria, and Switzerland; Zurich/Cologne Hub: Switzerland, Germany, Austria
and Israel and one subsidiary in Argentina; Singapore Hub: Asia and Australia; Americas Hub: North America and Latin America

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 13



--- Page 11 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.3.2. LIST OF ISSUER’S SIGNIFICANT
SUBSIDIARIES AND BRANCHES

See:

e Section 1.2.3 — Organizational structure of SCOR;
e Appendix C — 5 Note 2 - Investments;

e Section 4.6 Note 22 — Related party transactions;

e Section 4.6 Note 2.1 — Significant subsidiaries, investments in
associates and joint ventures;

Section 4.7 — Information on holdings;

1.2.4. RATINGS INFORMATION.

e Section 1.2.3.1 — Brief description of the Group and of the
position of the issuer (regarding the role of SCOR towards its
subsidiaries);

e Section 4.6 Note 3 - Acquisitions and disposals;

e Section 2.1.2 - Board of Directors (regarding the duties carried
out in the subsidiaries by the managers of the Company);

e Section 2.1.4 — Executive Committee (regarding the duties
carried out in the subsidiaries by the managers of the Company);
and

e Section 2.3.3 - Special report of the Statutory Auditors on
related party agreements and commitments.

The Company and certain of its insurance subsidiaries are rated
by recognized rating agencies.

At December 31, 2016, the relevant ratings for the Company
were as follows “:

Financial Strength Senior Debt Dette subordonnée
S&P Global sth valle a a
positive outlook Oe &
Moopy’s stable autlook ne w(t)
FitchRatings sesutcuite Ae A

On September 23, 2016, Moody's upgraded SCOR’s insurance
financial strength rating to “Aa3" from “A1”, and its subordinated
debt rating to “A2” (hyb) from “A3” (hyb). According to Moody's,
this decision reflects the “Group's improved franchise, its diversified
business profile and lower exposure than peers to the segments
currently under the most pricing pressure, a continued high
stability of profits and strong and stable capitalization.”

On September 21, 2016, A.M. Best affirmed the financial strength
rating of “A” (Excellent) and the long-term issuer credit rating
of “a+” of SCOR and its main subsidiaries. The outlook of these
ratings remains positive.

On September 12, 2016, SCOR has been informed of the decision
by Standard & Poor's (S&P) to affirm the financial strength rating
for the Group and its main subsidiaries at “AA-", with a “stable
outlook”, and to maintain the counterparty credit ratings at
"BASA-14",

On July 6, 2016, Fitch Ratings affirmed SCOR‘s insurer financial
strength rating at “AA-" and long-term issuer default Rating at

"A+". Fitch Ratings also affirmed the ratings of SCOR’s main
subsidiaries. The outlooks are stable.

On December 15, 2015, Moody's raised the outlook of SCOR
to “positive” from “stable”, and affirmed its insurance financial
strength rating of “A1” and its “A3” (hyb) subordinated debt
rating. According to Moody's, this decision reflects “the continued
improvement in SCOR‘s market position and franchise, the rating
agency's expectation of continued high stability of SCOR’s earnings
resulting from the Group’s diversified business model and lower
exposure to the most volatile reinsurance segments than peers,
as well as SCOR's strong capitalization and risk management”.

On September 11, 2015, A.M. Best revised the outlook of SCOR
and its main subsidiaries to “positive” from “stable”, as well as
affirming the financial strength rating of “A” (Excellent) and the
issuer credit ratings of “a+”, to reflect, according to A.M. Best's
statement, “the Group's track record of solid earnings and stability
in risk-adjusted capitalization despite the prevailing competitive
market conditions”. With regard to SCOR’s debt instruments,
A.M. Best also revised the outlook to “positive” from “stable”
and affirmed the issue ratings.

(1) Sources: www.standardandpoors.com; www.ambest.com; www.moodys.com and www.fitchratings.com

14 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 12 ---

On September 7, 2015, Standard & Poor's (S&P) upgraded SCOR’s
financial strength rating to “AA- stable outlook” from “A+ positive
outlook” and raised the Group counterparty credit ratings to
"AA-/A-1" from “A+/A-1" having taken into account the fact
that, according to S&P’s statement, “the Group has demonstrated
its very strong competitive position through resilience in pricing
and technical profitability in its P&C book and has reinforced its
leading position in the U.S. Life reinsurance market.”

On July 21, 2015, Fitch Ratings upgraded SCOR's insurer financial
strength rating from “A+ positive outlook” to “AA- stable outlook”

1.2.5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

and affirmed the long-term issuer default rating at “A+”. Fitch
Ratings notably mentioned having taken into account “the
development of SCOR’s reinsurance franchise, the scale and
diversity of which have improved significantly through external
growth and swift integration of acquired operations, helping to
generate a more stable level of profitability”. The rating agency
also noted “the level of capitalization that Fitch considers to be very
strong” as well as “a consistent and prudent reserving philosophy”.

For more information on risks arising from financial ratings, please
see Section 3.2.4 — Downgrade risk.

Since 2002, SCOR has defined its strategy and principle
orientations through the creation of several three-year plans:
“Back on Track” (2002-2004), “Moving Forward” (2004-2007),
“Dynamic Lift” (2007-2010), “Strong Momentum” (20102013),
“Optimal Dynamics” (2013-2016) and “Vision in Action” (2016-
2019). The success of its various plans, along with the Group’s
acquisitions of Revios (in 2006), Converium (in 2007), Transamerica
Re (in 2011) and Generali U.S. (in 2013) have contributed to
the diversification strategy by balancing the proportion of the
consolidated premiums written between its Non-Life and Life
segments and has enabled the Group to preserve both its solvency
and its profitability.

In September 2016, SCOR launched its new three-year strategic
plan, “Vision in Action”. This plan covers the period from mid-2016
to mid-2019. It respects SCOR’s four strategic cornerstones,
which are

e a strong franchise, achieved by:

— deepening its presence in the local Non-Life and Life markets
in which SCOR operates by strengthening client relationships
and through best-in-class services and product innovation, and

— further developing the Non-Life US franchise and expanding in
Life fast-growing Asia-Pacific markets through organic growth;

e a high degree of diversification of Non-Life and Life business
and geographical presence, providing more stable results and
robust capital diversification benefits;

e acontrolled risk appetite, on both sides of the balance sheet; and

a robust capital shield policy (see Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques).

With “Vision in Action”, SCOR continues to focus on its two

equally weighted strategic targets, profitability and solvency:

© a ROE at or above 800 basis points above the five-year rolling
average of five-year risk-free rates over the cycle;

© an optimal solvency ratio in the 185-220% range (percentage
of SCR, according to the internal model)!”

It also affirms the Group's consistent shareholder compensation

policy set by the SCOR’s Board of Directors. SCOR aims to

remunerate shareholders through cash dividends, and if relevant,

does not exclude special dividends or share buy-backs. Overall

the Board will aim to maintain a minimum dividend payout of

35% over the cycle, while pursuing low variation in the dividend

per share from year to year.

SCOR’s risk appetite framework

SCOR‘s risk appetite framework is an integral part of the Group's
strategic plan. It is approved by the Board of Directors upon the
review of new strategic plans, based on recommendations from
the Group's Executive Committee and the Risk Committee of the
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may vary the amount
and the composition of risk that the Group is prepared to take.

SCOR‘s risk appetite framework encompasses four concepts: risk
appetite, risk preferences, risk tolerances, and footprint scenarios

(1) Ratio between the Eligible Own Funds (EOF) and the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR).

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 15



--- Page 13 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

Risk appetite

Risk appetite defines the quantity of risk that SCOR is willing to
accept to achieve a desired level of profitability. This determines
where the Group wishes to position itself on the assumed risk-
expected return spectrum, between extremely risk averse (low
risk-low return) and extreme risk taker (high risk-high return).
SCOR uses a target solvency ratio as well as a target expected
profitability. These two components provide a comprehensive
definition of its risk appetite. The Group actual solvency ratio
and profitability profile are regularly reported to the Board of
Directors via the Risk Committee.

Risk preferences

Risk preferences are qualitative descriptions of the risks which
SCOR is willing to accept. The Group aims to cover a wide range
of reinsurance risks and geographical areas. On the other hand,
it has no desire to take operational, legal, regulatory, tax or
reputational risks. This does not mean that the Group is immune
to these risks. These risk preferences determine the risks to be
included in the Group's underwriting guidelines.

Risk tolerances

Risk tolerances are the limits required by SCOR’s stakeholders
(e.g. clients, shareholders, regulators, etc.). The Board of Directors
defines and approves risk tolerance limits for the Group in terms
of solvency by risk driver, and extreme scenario in order to ensure
that the Group's risk profile remains aligned with its risk appetite
framework. SCOR uses various risk assessment measures to verify
that its exposures remain within these limits. These measures can
take several forms depending on the technical constraints or the
level of information available and are based on either internal
model outputs, scenarios or expert opinions.

Footprint scenarios

Footprint scenarios are an innovative and complementary risk
management tool. Whereas risk drivers and extreme scenarios are
probability-based, the footprint approach consists of carrying out
an impact assessment on the Group under a deterministic scenario.
This approach is complementary to a probability-based view.

Taking into account SCOR‘s current exposure and all risk mitigation
instruments, footprint scenarios provide impact assessments
of past events on the Group’s actual solvency ratio, liquidity,
and current operations. SCOR regularly produces and evaluates
footprint scenarios, providing comfort that the impact of such
events on the Group’s current solvency would be limited.

16 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

1.2.5.1. THE REINSURANCE BUSINESS

Principles

Reinsurance is a contract under which a company, the reinsurer,
agrees to indemnify an insurance company, the ceding company,
against all or part of the insurance risks underwritten by the ceding
company under one or more insurance contracts. Reinsurance
differs from insurance, primarily because of its higher level of
mutualization by geography and by line of business.

Functions

Reinsurance has four essential functions:

e it offers the direct insurer greater security for its capital and
solvency, as well as protection against the potentially high
volatility of results when abnormally high frequency or severity
of losses or events occur, by covering the direct insurer above
certain contractually set amounts per event or in the aggregate;

e it allows insurers to increase the maximum amount they can
insure for a given loss or series of losses by enabling them to
underwrite a greater number of risks, or larger risks, without
excessively raising their need to cover their solvency margin
and, therefore, to increase their capital base;

e it gives insurers access to substantial available liquidity in the
event of major loss events; and

e it provides insurers with efficient alternative capital solutions.

Reinsurance, however, does not discharge the ceding company
from its liability to policyholders. Reinsurers themselves may feel
the need to transfer some of the risks underwritten and/or some
of the accumulated exposures derived from such risks to other
reinsurers (known as retrocessionaires).

In addition, reinsurers may also provide advisory services to ceding

companies by:

e helping them define their reinsurance needs and devise the
most effective reinsurance program to better plan their capital
needs and solvency margin;

e supplying a wide panel of support services, particularly in terms
of knowledge sharing, best practices and risk assessment,
modeling and management tools;

providing expertise in certain highly specialized areas such as
complex risk analysis and pricing; and

enabling ceding companies to build up their business, particularly
when launching new products requiring significant upfront
investment or financing or when investing in new markets
by starting their own operations or acquiring portfolios or
companies.

Reinsurers, including SCOR, are usually compensated for the

provision of such advisory services through the cedents’ reinsurance

premiums, rather than through fee-based compensation.


--- Page 14 ---

Types of reinsurance

Treaty and facultative

The two basic types of reinsurance arrangements are treaty and
facultative reinsurance.

In treaty reinsurance, the ceding company is contractually
bound to cede and the reinsurer is bound to assume a specified,
contractually defined portion of a type or category of risks insured
by the ceding company. Treaty reinsurers, including SCOR, do not
separately evaluate each of the individual risks assumed under
their treaties and, consequently, after a review of the ceding
company’s underwriting practices, they are dependent on the
original underwriting decisions made by the ceding company’s
primary policy writers.

In facultative reinsurance, the ceding company cedes and the
reinsurer assumes all or part of the risks covered by a particular
specified insurance policy or by insurance policies covering a
specific ultimate group insured as part of the same program.
Facultative reinsurance is negotiated separately for each insurance
policy that is reinsured. Facultative reinsurance is normally
purchased by ceding companies for individual risks not covered
by their reinsurance treaties, for amounts in excess of the monetary
limits of their reinsurance treaties or for unusual risks. Underwriting
expenses and, in particular, personnel costs, are higher relative
to premiums written on facultative business because each risk
is individually underwritten and administered. The ability to
separately evaluate each risk reinsured, however, increases the
probability that the underwriter can price the contract more
accurately to reflect the risks involved.

Proportional and non-proportional reinsurance

Both treaty and facultative reinsurance can be written on (i) a
proportional (or quota share) basis and/or (ii) a non-proportional
(or excess of loss or stop loss) basis.

With respect to proportional (or quota share) reinsurance, the
reinsurer, in return for a predetermined portion or share of the
insurance premium charged by the ceding company, indemnifies
the ceding company against the same portion of the losses under
the covered insurance contract(s). In the case of reinsurance
written on a non-proportional basis, through an excess of loss or
a stop loss contract, basis, the reinsurer indemnifies the ceding
company against all or a specified portion of the loss sustained,
on a claim by claim basis or for amounts incurred, in excess of a
specified amount, known as the ceding company’s retention or
reinsurer’s attachment point, and up to a negotiated reinsurance
contract limit.

Although the frequency of losses under a quota share reinsurance
contract is usually greater than on an excess of loss contract, it
is generally simpler to predict the losses on a quota share basis
and the terms and conditions of a quota share contract can be
structured to limit the indemnity offered under the contract. A
quota share reinsurance contract therefore does not necessarily
imply that a reinsurance company assumes greater risk exposure
than on an excess of loss contract.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

Excess of loss reinsurance is often written in layers. One or a
group of reinsurers accepts a tranche or layer of risk above the
ceding company’s retention up to a specified amount, at which
point another reinsurer or a group of reinsurers accepts the next
layer of liability. The stacked layers protecting the same underlying
portfolio are called a program, and after protection from the
upper layer is exhausted liability reverts to the ceding company.
The reinsurer taking on the risk immediately above the ceding
company’s retention layer is said to write primary or working layer
or low layer excess of loss reinsurance. A loss just above the ceding
company’s retention will create a loss for the lower layer reinsurer,
but not for the reinsurers on the higher layers. Loss activity in
lower layer reinsurance tends to be more predictable than in
higher layers due to greater historical frequency, and therefore,
like quota share reinsurance, underwriters and actuaries have
more data to price the underlying risks with greater confidence.

Premiums payable by the ceding company to a reinsurer for excess
of loss reinsurance are not directly proportional to the premiums
that the ceding company receives because the reinsurer does not
assume a direct proportion of the risk. In contrast, premiums
that the ceding company pays to the reinsurer for quota share
reinsurance are proportional to the premiums that the ceding
company receives, consistent with the proportional sharing of risk.
In addition, in quota share reinsurance, the reinsurer generally
pays the ceding company a ceding commission. The ceding
commission is usually based on the ceding company’s cost of
acquiring the business being reinsured, including commissions,
premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative
expenses, and also may include a partial repayment of profit for
producing the business.

Breakdown of the Group’s business

The Group is organized into three divisions (SCOR Global P&C,
SCOR Global Life and SCOR Global Investments), of which two
reportable operating segments and one corporate cost center
referred to as “Group Functions”. The reportable operating
segments are: the SCOR Global P&C business, with responsibility
for property and casualty insurance and reinsurance (also referred
to in this Registration Document as “Non-Life”); and the SCOR
Global Life business, with responsibility for life reinsurance (also
referred to in this Registration Document as “Life”). These two
businesses represent SCOR's two “operating segments” for
purposes of IFRS 8 — Operating segments, and are presented
as such in its consolidated financial statements, included in
Section 4 — Consolidated financial statements. Each operating
segment underwrites different types of risks and offers different
products and services, which are marketed via separate channels;
responsibilities and reporting within the Group are established on
the basis of this structure. SCOR Global Investments is the asset
management division of the Group. Its role is complementary to
the two operating segments as it manages SCOR Global P&C’s
and SCOR Global Life’s investment assets associated with the
contract liabilities. SCOR Global Investments also manages assets
on behalf of third parties although these activities are currently
not considered material. Therefore SCOR Global Investments
is not considered a separate reportable operating segment for
purposes of IFRS 8 — Operating segments.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 2016 ———@) 17


--- Page 15 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

The Group organizes its operations around four regional
management platforms, or “Hubs” named Paris/London and
Zurich/Cologne for Europe, Singapore for Asia and New York/
Charlotte/Kansas City for the Americas. Each of the Hubs has
local, regional and Group responsibilities, with heads of each
Hub reporting to the Group Chief Operations Department. Each
Hub includes the following functions: a Legal and Compliance
Officer, a Head of Information Technology, a Head of Finance,
a Head of Human Resources and a Risk Manager. Hub shared
service costs are allocated to the segments based on allocation
keys. For a description of the Hub structure, see Section 1.2.3 —
Organizational structure of SCOR.The SCOR Global P&C segment
carries out its global operations through the subsidiaries and
branches of its two main global reinsurance entities (SCOR Global
P&C SE and SCOR SE) and through an operating insurance entity
(SCOR UK Limited). Through those entities, their subsidiaries and
branches, SCOR Global P&C is represented in three business
regions EMEA, the Americas and Asia/Pacific and operates in four
business areas: Property and Casualty Treaties; Specialty Treaties
(including Credit and Surety, Decennial Insurance, Aviation, Space,
Marine, Engineering, Agriculture risks and Alternative Solutions);
Business Solutions (large corporate accounts underwritten through
facultative insurance and reinsurance contracts and occasionally
as direct insurance); and Business Ventures and Partnerships. In
addition, SCOR Global P&C writes direct insurance, primarily on
a business-to-business basis to cover certain large industrial P&C
risks through the Business Solutions area of SCOR Global P&C
and through the participation in Lloyd’s syndicates among which
Channel 2015 for which SCOR is the sole capital provider. For a
description of products and services, see Section 1.2.5.2 —Non-Life
reinsurance.

The SCOR Global Life segment operates worldwide through the
subsidiaries and branches of the global reinsurance companies
SCOR Global Life SE and SCOR SE. Via this network SCOR Global
Life is represented in its three business regions Americas, EMEA
and Asia/Pacific reinsuring Life and Health insurance risks along the
three product lines Protection, Longevity and Financial Solutions
with a strong focus on biometric risks. In order to achieve this,
SCOR Global Life manages and optimizes the in-force book,
deepens the franchise and have the best team, organization and
tools. The franchise strategy is composed of three elements, which
are the expansion of the footprint in protection to defend and
strengthen market presence around the world, the diversification
of the risk profile by growing health and longevity, and growth of
consumer demand by supporting clients with unique distribution
solutions. SCOR Global Life intends to achieve diversification,
both from a geographical and a product lines perspective. For a
description of products and services, see Section 1.2.5.3 - Life
reinsurance.

18 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

SCOR'‘s cost center is referred to in this Registration Document as
“Group Functions”. Group Functions is not an operating segment
and does not generate revenues. The costs in Group Functions are
Group-related and are not directly attributable to either the P&C
or Life segment. Group Functions includes the cost of departments
fulfilling duties for the benefit of the whole Group, such as Group
Internal Audit, Group Finance Department (Tax, Accounting,
Consolidation and Reporting, Financial Communication, Treasury
and Capital Management, Financial Planning and Analysis),
Group Chief Operations Departments (Legal, Communication,
Human Resources, Information Technology) and Group Chief
Risk Officer expenses (Actuarial, Risk Management, Prudential
Affairs, Internal Modeling).

SCOR Global P&C and SCOR Global Life, through their respective
legal entities, are leading global reinsurers, executing an
underwriting policy focused on profitability, developing value-
added services and adhering to a cautious financial policy. As
at December 31, 2016, the Group served more than 4,000
clients throughout the world. SCOR’s strategy of offering both
P&C and Life products provides it with the benefits of balanced
diversification (in terms of risks, geography and markets), which
is a cornerstone of its strategy.

1.2.5.2. NON-LIFE REINSURANCE

SCOR's Non-Life segment is divided into four business areas
e Property and Casualty Treaties;
Specialty Treaties;

Business Solutions (underwriting of large corporate accounts);
and

e Business Ventures and Partnerships.

Property and Casualty Treaties

SCOR's Property and Casualty Treaties business area underwrites
proportional and non-proportional reinsurance treaties.

Property

SCOR’s property treaties typically cover damage to the underlying
assets (automobiles, commercial premises or industrial sites) and
direct or contingent business interruption losses caused by fire
or other perils, including natural catastrophes.

Casualty

SCOR's casualty treaties typically cover original risks of general
liability, product liability or professional indemnity. Accordingly,
they include treaties covering motor liability and general third-party
liability. Motor liability reinsurance covers property damage, bodily
injuries and other risks arising from the coverage of both drivers
and passengers in private vehicles and commercial fleets.


--- Page 16 ---

Specialty Treaties

The Group's main Specialty reinsurance activities include Credit and
Surety, Decennial Insurance, Aviation, Space, Marine, Engineering,
Agricultural Risks and Alternative Solutions. SCOR underwrites
these risks through proportional and non-proportional treaties
as well as facultative reinsurance.

Credit and Surety

Under credit insurance, the insurer covers the risk of losses from
the non-payment of commercial debts. Surety insurance is a
contract under which a guarantor makes a commitment to a
beneficiary to perform or pay the obligation of the secured debtor.
Political risk insurance covers the risk of losses due to measures
taken by a government or similar entity which endangers the
existence of a sales contract or commitment made by a public or
private company of the country in which the covered operations
are performed.

Decennial Insurance

According to laws in France, Italy and Spain, as well as in other
jurisdictions, or by contractual obligation, decennial insurance
must be purchased to cover major structural defects and collapse
for a certain period, typically ten years after completion of
construction.

Aviation

Aviation insurance covers damage caused to aircraft, injuries
to persons transported and damage to third parties caused by
aircraft or air navigation, as well as losses resulting from products
manufactured by companies in the aerospace sector.

Space

Insurance for the space sector covers the launch preparation,
launch, and the in-orbit operation of satellites, primarily
commercial telecommunication and earth observation satellites.

Marine

Marine Insurance includes insurance for hull and cargo as well
as shipbuilding insurance. It also includes insurance for fixed and
mobile offshore oil and gas units in construction and in operation.

Engineering

Engineering insurance, which is divided into Construction All
Risks and Erection All Risks insurance, includes basic Property
and Casualty coverage and may be extended to the financial
consequences of a delay in start-up (advanced loss of profits)
caused by losses indemnifiable under Property and Casualty
coverage.

Agricultural Risks

SCOR Global P&C provides insurance/reinsurance solutions in the
field of multiple peril crop, aquaculture, forestry and livestock
insurance.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

Alternative Solutions

To cope with the broader needs of reinsurance buyers in
transferring risk, and to benefit from these changes by broadening
its services to clients, the Group has developed within the SCOR
Global P&C division a dedicated center of expertise that provides
insurance and corporate clients with a wider range of hybrid
reinsurance solutions for the transformation, financing or transfer
of risks. Consequently, the Group is able to assist clients in their
active and effective capital management. This business unit
combines the division's expertise in terms of Structured Risk
Transfer (SRT), Alternative Risk Financing (ARF) and Insurance
Linked Securities (ILS).

Business Solutions

The Group's activity in the Business Solutions area covers all
insurable risks of industrial groups and services companies
(large corporate accounts). These risks are underwritten through
facultative insurance and reinsurance contracts, and occasionally
as direct insurance, in an international network around two main
business departments: “Natural Resources” and “Industrial &
Commercial Risks”.

Natural Resources

Natural Resources insurance covers midstream and downstream
business (mainly the oil and gas, refining, petrochemicals,
liquefaction, gasification, power generation and distribution,
new energy sources and mining sectors), and upstream business
(oil and gas exploration and production, offshore construction),
shipbuilding groups and oil services companies.

Industrial & Commercial Risks

Industrial & Commercial Risks insurance covers manufacturing
and heavy industries (automotive, pulp and paper, aeronautics/
defense, high tech) and finance and services (infrastructures,
intellectual services, general contractors, distribution and trading).

Business Solutions is aimed at risk managed enterprises and
professional buyers seeking global risk financing solutions. The risks
shared with the ceding and/or captive insurance companies are
high-value industrial or technically complex risks. In property and
casualty lines, such as Property Damage & Business Interruption,
Construction All Risks, Erection All Risks, Comprehensive General
Liability, Product Liability or Professional Indemnity, the risks
involve insured amounts which typically are beyond the ceding
companies’ own means.

Business Ventures and Partnerships

SCOR's Business Ventures and Partnerships business area
historically included the provision of capital to third-party
businesses, including Lloyd’s syndicates. SCOR contributes to
several Lloyd's, including Channel 2015, for which SCOR is the
sole capital provider.

SCOR has an ongoing partnership agreement with GAUM (Global
Aerospace Underwriting Managers).

The Group also participates in insurance and reinsurance pools,
mainly Assuratome and Assurpol.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 2016 ———@) 19


--- Page 17 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.5.3. LIFE REINSURANCE

SCOR‘s Global Life segment underwrites Life reinsurance business
in the following product lines:

@ Protection;
e Financial Solutions;
e Longevity.

Protection

Protection encompasses traditional Life reinsurance business
on living and death benefits. The main risks undertaken are
mortality, morbidity and behavioral risks for individuals and groups
of individuals. Protection is predominantly underwritten in the
form of proportional treaties (quota share, surplus basis or a
combination of both). Quota share treaties include structures
whereby SCOR Global Life’s exposure is identical to those of
its clients, and risk-based premium structures whereby treaty
conditions differ from those of the underlying policies. A minority
of the portfolio is underwritten in the form of non-proportional
contracts: excess of loss per person, catastrophe excess of loss
or stop loss.

The Protection reinsurance market, as well as SCOR Global
Life’s Protection portfolio, is characterized by the dominance of
long-term contractual relationships. SCOR Global Life also writes
short-term Protection business, in markets and product lines in
which this is common practice.

Protection covers the following products and risks in reinsurance
arrangements

Mortality

Mortality protection represents more than 64% of the SCOR
Global Life portfolio based on gross written premiums for the year
ended December 31, 2016. SCOR Global Life actively underwrites
mortality risk in all the geographical markets in which it operates.

Disability

Disability insurance mitigates the loss of income when the insured
is totally or partially unable to continue his or her professional
occupation or any occupation for which he or she is suited due
to sickness or accident.

Long-Term Care

Long-Term Care (LTC) insurance covers the inability of the insured
to perform predefined activities of daily living, resulting in the
insured needing constant assistance from another person.
Critical Illness

Critical Illness (Cl) insurance typically pays a lump sum benefit,
to be used at the policyholder’s discretion, if the insured suffers
from a serious condition and survives a defined period.
Medical

Medical insurance covers medical and surgical expenses incurred
by the insured person

Personal Accident

Personal Accident insurance pays a lump sum benefit if the insured
person dies or is seriously injured as a result of an accident.

20 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

Financial Solutions

Financial Solutions combines traditional Life reinsurance with
financial components providing liquidity, balance sheet, solvency
and/or income improvements to the client. This type of reinsurance
treaty is typically used by cedents to fund growth, stabilize earnings
or optimize their solvency position (capital relief).

Longevity

Longevity products cover the risk of negative deviation from
expected results due to the insured or annuitant living longer
than assumed in the pricing of the cover provided by insurers
or pension funds.

1.2.5.4. UNDERWRITING, DISTRIBUTION,
CATASTROPHE RISK, CLAIMS
AND RESERVES

For information on underwriting, catastrophe risk, claims and
reserves, see Section 3.3.1.4 — Management of underwriting risks
related to the P&C business and Section 3.3.2.7 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the Life reinsurance business.

Distribution by production source

Reinsurance can be written through professional reinsurance
brokers or directly from ceding companies. The involvement of
a broker in the placement of a reinsurance contract is a decision
belonging to the ceding insurance company, which depends
on local market practices, the cedent’s worldwide reinsurance
market knowledge, the complexity of the risks the cedent intends
to transfer and the corresponding available reinsurance capacity
in the market, as well as the cedent'’s capability and resources
to structure market submission data, place risks and manage
the placements. In most of the cases, reinsurance programs are
syndicated to several reinsurers, which follow a leader, and in
some instances a co-leader.

The proportion of brokered and direct business written by the
Group's subsidiaries varies according to market and cedent
practices. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Non-Life wrote
approximately 61% of gross written premiums through brokers
and 39% through direct business, while Life wrote approximately
6% through brokers and approximately 94% through direct
business.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, SCOR’s largest brokers
for Life were Aon Group with approximately 2% of the Group's
Life gross written premiums and Willis Group with approximately
1%. SCOR's largest brokers for Non-Life were Aon Group with
approximately 19% of the Group’s Non-Life gross written
premiums, MMC with approximately 15% and Willis Group
with approximately 10%.

The direct reinsurance market remains an important distribution
channel for reinsurance business written by the Group. Direct
placement of reinsurance enables SCOR to access clients who
prefer to place their reinsurance partly or in totality directly with
reinsurers based upon the reinsurer’s in-depth understanding of
the ceding company’s needs.


--- Page 18 ---

1.2.5.5. CAPITAL SHIELD STRATEGY

The Group reconciles its strategic objectives with the protection
of its capital via its “Capital Shield Strategy”, which articulates
the Group’s risk appetite. This strategy is based on an economic
approach and aims to protect the Group against potential shock
losses. The policy builds on the following four concepts: traditional
retrocession, capital market solutions, the solvency scale and the
contingent capital facility.

For more information on the Capital Shield Strategy, refer to
Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk mitigation techniques.
For information on the Atlas structured entities used in the Capital
Shield Strategy, refer to Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 2 — Scope of consolidation

1.2.5.6. INVESTMENTS

Investment philosophy and process

In 2008, SCOR decided to internalize the management of its
insurance business investment portfolio, in order to implement its
investment strategy centrally and globally, with strict monitoring
of the risk appetite and a dynamic positioning according to an
enhanced asset liability management (ALM) process, integrating
economic and market expectations.

The investment portfolio is positioned dynamically in order to
optimize the financial contribution from the investment portfolio
to the Group's results and capital allocation. SCOR follows a
capital-driven investment process, ensuring through a very strict
ALM process that the tactical asset allocation is aligned with
the Group’s risk appetite. Meanwhile, the Group has set very
stringent risk limits (value at risk “VaR”, investment guidelines)
that enable permanent monitoring of limits to protect the Group
from extreme market events and severe loss scenarios.

SCOR has set up a rigorous governance process and an
ERM-focused organizational structure:

e the Board of Directors approves risk appetite, risk limits
and as a consequence, the capital allocated to insurance
business investments on the basis of the Risk Committee's
recommendations;

e the COMEX approves the overall investment strategy and the
macro-positioning of the investment portfolio on the basis of
the Group Investment Committee’s recommendation.

The Group’s asset management mandate, assigned to SCOR
Global Investments, consists of:

© proposing the macro-positioning of the invested assets portfolio
in line with the approved risk appetite and risk limits, respecting
a strict ALM process, economic and market expectations,
accounting rules and a strict foreign exchange congruency
matching between assets and liabilities;

e implementing the investment strategy;

e optimizing the absolute return on invested assets and
focusing on the recurrence of yields while controlling their
volatility. This objective is achieved through active and dynamic
management of the portfolio, the identification of cycles and
market opportunities and strict qualitative and quantitative
risk management.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

Group Investment Committee

The Group Investment Committee is chaired by the Group's
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and is composed of the
Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group Chief Risk Officer, the
Chief Economist, the Chief Executive Officer of SCOR Global P&C,
the Chief Executive Officer of SCOR Global Life, the Chief Executive
Officer of SCOR Investment Partners and other representatives
of SCOR Global Investments. The Group Investment Committee
meets at least each quarter and defines the strategic and tactical
asset allocation as well as the risk appetite of the Group.

SCOR Global Investments

SCOR Global Investments is the SCOR Group’s asset management
division and consists of two entities: (i) the Group Investment
Office and (ii) a regulated asset management company, SCOR
Investment Partners.

Group Investment Office

The Group Investment Office manages the interaction between
the SCOR Group and SCOR Investment Partners in managing the
risk appetite, monitoring investment risks and setting investment
guidelines. It is also responsible for portfolio monitoring and
reporting, development of the Group’s strategic and operating
plans, financial forecasts and performance analysis of SCOR's
investments.

SCOR Investment Partners

SCOR Investment Partners centralizes the management of all
the assets of the Group entities, however in some jurisdictions,
such management is delegated to external asset managers. The
SCOR Investment Partners investment team is organized around
six asset management desks:

© aggregate, focusing on rates, covered bonds and investment
grade credit;

credit, focusing on high yield debt and on leveraged loans;
equities and convertible bonds;

e infrastructure loans;

e Insurance-Linked Securities (ILS); and

e direct real estate investments and real estate loans.

Based on the expertise initially developed for the management
of the SCOR Group's invested assets, SCOR Investment Partners
decided in 2012 to open some of its investment strategies to
third-party investors. While this business currently remains in the
development phase, SCOR Investment Partners is maintaining
good momentum and is increasing its third-party assets, which
stood at EUR 2.2 billion as at December 31, 2016 (including
undrawn commitments).

SCOR Investment Partners benefits from third-party asset
management through management fees on the assets under
management. SCOR Investment Partners has eight investment
strategies which are open to third parties with funds in key
products such as High Yield, Private Debt (corporate, infrastructure
and real estate loans), ILS and Convertible Bonds.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 21


--- Page 19 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.5.7. DEPENDENCY OF THE ISSUER WITH RESPECT TO PATENTS OR LICENSES,
INDUSTRIAL, COMMERCIAL OR FINANCIAL CONTRACTS AND NEW

MANUFACTURING PROCESSES

See Sections 3 — Risk factors and risk management mechanisms and 1.2.6.2 — Research and development, patents and licenses.

1.2.6. SCOR INVESTMENTS IN TANGIBLE AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS.

1.2.6.1. PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT

Major existing or planned property,
plant and equipment

SCOR owns offices in Paris (France), Cologne (Germany), London
(UK), Singapore and Madrid (Spain), where its local subsidiaries
and branches have their corporate offices. Any surplus space is
leased to third parties as part of SCOR’s investment management
business. The Group leases office space for its other business
locations. It leases space separate from its head office for the
purpose of safeguarding its data storage facilities for business
continuity planning purposes. The Group believes that the Group's
offices in each country in which it operates are adequate for its
current needs.

SCOR owns a 5,000 m’ office and retail leasehold building at 10
Lime Street in London. As at December 31, 2016, the building
was occupied at 53% by SCOR for its London Hub office. The
remaining space was rented to third parties. In June 2015, a
second building at 32 Lime Street with a surface area of 1,800
m’ was made available to SCOR which had committed to acquire
it for its operational needs in 2014.

In 2012, SCOR moved into its new office building in Paris, with
a surface area of more than 20,000 m’, located at 5, avenue
Kléber. The building is held by its OPCI (French real estate UCIT)
SCOR-Properties, and occupied at 85% by SCOR, the remaining
area being rented to third parties. On December 28, 2012, the
lease of SCOR’s former headquarters (La Défense, Paris), was
terminated. Nevertheless, the Group is continuing to lease one
floor for IT projects. In November 2016, a second building at 50
rue La Pérouse with a surface area of 1,500 m’ was acquired.

22 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

The building was delivered in January 2017 and the moving-in
is expected during the summer 2017.

In Cologne, SCOR moved in 2012 into its new office building with
asurface area of more than 6,000 m’ located at 10, Goebenstrasse,
held by the German branch of SCOR SE “SCOR Riickversicherung
Direktion ftir Deutschland, Niederlassung der SCOR SE", and fully
occupied by SCOR.

In October 2013, SCOR Reinsurance Asia Pacific PTE LTD, signed
a sale and purchase agreement to acquire two floors with a
surface area of 2,016 m’ for its operational needs in a leasehold
building under construction in Singapore. In 2014, four units of an
additional floor were acquired in the same building with a surface
area of 274 m’. In 2015, four additional units of another floor
were acquired with a surface area of 269 m’. In November 2014,
the floors formerly occupied by SCOR in another building were
sold and rented pending the delivery of the new building. The
building is now completed and the teams are expected to move
into the new spaces during the spring 2017.

The Madrid office with a surface area of 1,700 m’ is fully occupied
by SCOR for its operational needs.

SCOR also holds additional property investments as part of its
asset management strategy.

For more information on the Group’s real estate, see Section 4.6
— Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 9 —
Miscellaneous assets and Note 7 — Insurance business investments

Environmental issues that may affect the
utilization of property, plant and equipment

See the social and environmental report in Appendix D, Note 2
— Environmental impact of SCOR’s activity.


--- Page 20 ---

1.2.6.2. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT,
PATENTS AND LICENSES

Research and development activities

Biometric risks such as mortality, longevity, disability and long-

term care are at the heart of underwriting in Life reinsurance.

Since these risks are subject to shocks and various trends, SCOR

Global Life closely monitors their developments in six Research

& Development (R&D) Centers:

e R&D Center for Mortality Insurance: carrying out mortality
studies on life portfolios, enhancing modelling for pricing,
reserving and capital modelling and providing support in setting
assumptions for new business, in particular new products, and
reserving;

R&D Center for Longevity Insurance: carrying out mortality
studies on pension and annuity portfolios, enhancing risk
modelling for pricing, reserving and capital modelling and
providing support in setting assumptions for new business, in
particular new products, and reserving;

R&D Center for Long-Term Care (LTC) and Disability Insurance:
providing support in the development of LTC and disability
products (definitions, pricing, guidelines) and the monitoring
of the corresponding portfolios;

R&D Center for Critical Illness: dedicated to the analysis of
critical illness risks; complex risks due to multiple definitions,
cover types and socio-economic environments;

R&D Center for Medical Underwriting and Claims Management:
evaluating the impact on insurance of new medical advances,
for both known pathologies and the most recently discovered
ones; advising clients on the pricing of substandard risks; and

R&D Center for Policyholder Behavior: providing support mainly
in modeling and pricing lapse behavior within protection
products.

The Centers have entered into many scientific partnerships over
the years, the current ones being with: the Assmann Foundation
on cardiovascular diseases (EUR 100,000 annually), the Erasmus
University on the impact of cancer screening programs (EUR 58,000
over three years ending in 2016) and the Pierre et Marie Curie
University at the PitiéSalpétri€re Hospital on HIV developments
(EUR 30,000 annually)

The R&D Centers are part of SCOR Global Life’s range of
services: analyses and risk projections produced by the Centers
are used by SCOR Global Life’s teams to advise their clients on
the implementation and monitoring of their life and health
insurance products.

The Centers provide input at the product development stage,
giving advice on definitions, underwriting standards, pricing
and reserving. They contribute to the monitoring of biometric
risks by carrying out experience studies on portfolio data and by
undertaking prospective risk modeling.

The R&D Centers are part of the Actuarial & Risk Department of
SCOR Global Life. Their employees are based in Paris, Cologne,

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group <

Dublin, Charlotte, Kansas City, Chicago and Singapore and are
active worldwide, responding to requests from the local teams in
charge of business development and client relationships.

At the forefront of risk modeling, particularly extreme risks in
Life and Non-Life businesses, the Group devotes considerable
resources to fundamental research and the promotion of scientific
risk management techniques in various disciplines. As well as
prize-winning internal research projects, conducted with the
assistance of students from renowned schools and universities,
SCOR has signed partnership agreements with the following
institutions:

the Risk Foundation, in collaboration with Toulouse University’s
Institut d'Economie Industrielle (IDEl) and Paris Dauphine
University, is dedicated to the risk market and to value creation,
with a research program specially focused on Long-Term Care.
For SCOR, this implies costs of EUR 1.5 million spread over
five years;

a Research Chair in Finance, in cooperation with the Jean-
Jacques Laffont Foundation based in Toulouse, focuses on risk
management, long-term investment, corporate governance
and asset management strategy. For SCOR, the related cost is
EUR 1.5 million spread over five years;

the Insurance Risks and Finance Research Center in cooperation
with Nanyang Business School (Singapore), whose aim is to
promote research in the field of risk management. For SCOR,
the related cost is SGD 2.5 million spread over five years; and

the Paris School of Economics, which conducts research in the
field of economic analysis and modeling in order to improve
medium- to long-term forecasting of economic and financial
risks. For SCOR, the related cost is EUR 510,000 spread over
three years.

Alongside these partnership agreements, the Group works to
further scientific research in the field of risks through sponsorship
initiatives (see Appendix D) conducted by its corporate foundation,
the SCOR Corporate Foundation for Science.

SCOR also organizes Actuarial Awards in Europe (Germany,
France, Italy, Spain and Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland and the
United Kingdom), and in Asia (Singapore). The Group places great
importance on the development of actuarial science and each year
awards prizes for the best academic papers in the field of actuarial
science. These prizes are designed to promote actuarial science,
develop and encourage research in this field and contribute to
the improvement of risk knowledge and management. The SCOR
Actuarial Awards are recognized as a mark of excellence in the
insurance and reinsurance industries. The winning papers are
selected on the basis of criteria including an excellent command
of actuarial concepts, the use of high-quality analysis instruments,
and subjects that could have a practical application in the world
of risk management.

Since 2015, SCOR has also been organizing, with the partnership
of the French Institut of Actuaries, an actuarial symposium in Paris.
In November 2015, the theme was centered around “Actuarial and
Data Science”, in December 2016, the theme will be “Scientific
laws and mathematical models: from physics to actuarial science”.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 23



--- Page 21 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP
> Information about the SCOR Group

In addition to the above, scientific risk management techniques
are promoted, and knowledge shared, via the following:

e involvement in collective studies through the Geneva Association
and the teaching of insurance and scientific risk management
techniques in schools and universities (e.g. the 218 Master's
at Paris Dauphine, the Zurich ETH, the University Ca’Foscari
in Venice Italy and the MBA offered by the Ecole nationale
d’assurance (ENASS);

as an expression of SCOR’s commitment to the knowledge and
science of risk, in 2013 SCOR appointed a Group Scientific
Advisor to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This advisor
is notably responsible for promoting scientific risk assessment
techniques among the Group's clients and in academic circles,
and for developing research in major fields, in order to ensure
sound management of the Group’s business portfolio and
internal model.

Information technologies

SCOR was one of the first reinsurers to implement a global
information system. This strategy is reaffirmed during the
integration process after a new acquisition, when SCOR aims
to rapidly reestablish a global integrated information system.
In accounting, consolidation and financial reporting, SCOR has
delivered its global SAP solution, embedding a unique chart of
accounts and standard processes in all its Hubs throughout the
Group. Over recent years, the accounting teams have worked
alongside the IT Department, to design this new global finance
system which is critical for SCOR.

The Group's Life and Non-Life reinsurance global back-office
operates on a custom software package known as “Omega.”
Omega was designed to allow the tracking of brokers and
ceding companies within the Group, grant online underwriting
authorization throughout the world, track premiums and claims,
analyze the technical profitability of contracts, and perform
quarterly closings based on the latest estimated results. The
Omega databases reflect the reinsurance risk of SCOR Global
P&C and SCOR Global Life’s portfolios worldwide. After an
extensive study, the Group decided to update and improve Omega,
thereby capitalizing on this key asset. The Omegaz2 project,
which included technical modernization and the development
of structuring functional improvements, has been completed as
planned mid-2016.

The focus in 2016 was again on strengthening SCOR’s front
office applications to improve risk selection, anticipation and
reactivity in markets and products, and simulations of results. A
number of projects have been launched in recent years which
will continue through 2017. Accounting forecasts are developed
from underwriting plans and comparative analyses are produced
in standard reports. New reserving and financial modeling tools
have been implemented over recent years. Non-Life pricing
is closely managed using xAct, the global in-house standard
P&C treaty pricing tool, which uses standardized models, and
profitability analysis, to provide full visibility of proportional and
non-proportional business. The underwriting and pricing process

24 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

of large industrial or specialty risks is now supported by new
in-house solutions like ForeWriter and Pacman, embedding the
SCOR professionals’ expertise. Control of exposure to natural
catastrophes and pricing is under improvement through the
development of the SCOR Cat Platform which monitors all
liabilities and accumulations through use and calibration or the
model combination deemed as most efficient. Still with SGP&C,
the development of a new Claims Platform has been delivered.
In the Life business, the embedded value calculation has been
revised and integrated in the internal model. Other front-office
solutions have been developed for SCOR Global Life to harmonize
and enhance the underwriting of substandard risks and develop
tele-underwriting in different countries. In the US market in
particular, underwriting solutions like Velogica are proposed
to SCOR‘s Life clients. The integration of Life Individual policy
management systems is done in the US.

The Group continues to work on extending and automating
its Asset and Liability Management tool. This internal model is
central in the Solvency Il compliance process, in which the SCOR’s
Information Technology Department is deeply involved.

Two years ago, SGI has launched a strategic project, SGI 2.0,
the first achievement of which was the outsourcing of middle
and back office activities related to asset management to BNP
Paribas Securities Services. This decision will allow to leverage
their expertise in post-trade execution activities. A specific internal
organization and related new procedures have been put in place
to monitor the performance and the operational risks of this
outsourcing. Front-office activities remain in-house, using the
Bloomberg AIM solution currently being deployed

The Group is promoting a paperless environment. Internally,
global document-sharing processes have been set up for the
Life and Non-Life divisions. With its clients, SCOR is able to
automatically process claims, reinsurance and financial accounts
received electronically in the standard formats defined by ACORD,
an association created for the development of e-processing in
insurance and reinsurance, without having to re-enter them.
SCOR is also chairing the global Ruschlikon initiative, launched
with major brokers and reinsurers to develop e-administration
in the reinsurance industry.

The SCOR technical environment is based on a secured international
network, a cloud-based global data center with a fully replicated
dual site, and a standard workstation deployed everywhere in the
world. SCOR has also implemented an ambitious security plan
based on stronger physical and logical access controls, cyber
security reinforcement, large program for data protection, and
recovery in the event of any type of disaster.

SCOR's IT Department is playing a key role in implementing the
Group’s “Green SCOR” policy, and drives a number of elements
of this multi-year plan, including data center consolidation,
server virtualization, new low-energy desktops and laptops, and
reductions in printing. Mobility is still being enhanced through
ongoing developments in line with technological progress and
business needs that require a more permanent connection with
the company, while complying with security standards.


--- Page 22 ---

Finally, the IT strategy is aligned with the SCOR business objectives.
The mandate of SCOR IT under the past strategic plan has been
largely completed with new solutions in the back-office and
front-end areas to ensure operational excellence and business
development. The recently announced strategic plan, “Vision in
Action”, has identified new directions for SGP&C, SGL, SGI and
the Corporate Functions, which have been analyzed to define
the new strategy for the SCOR information system. The digital
transformation of SCOR, steered by the Business Divisions in close
partnership with the IT Department, will generate key evolutions
of the SCOR information system, as planned in the ambitious
“Digital SCOR” program.

1.2.6.3. INVESTMENTS

Principal investments made over
the past three financial years

See Section 3.4.2 - Management of market risks, for a description
of risk management connected with SCOR investments in debt
instruments and equity securities as well as with investments it
owns.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

See Section 1.2.2 — History and development of SCOR, and
Section 4.6.3 Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals.

See Section 1.2.5.6 — Investments.

See Section 1.2.6 —- SCOR investments in tangible and intangible
assets.

Principal investments in progress

None.

Principal future investments

SCOR's success relies on the consistent implementation of the
four principles on which its strategic plans, “Dynamic Lift”,
“Strong Momentum”, “Optimal Dynamics” and now “Vision in
Action” are based: a strong franchise, extensive diversification,
a controlled risk appetite and a robust capital shield. Success in
implementing such a strategy requires that, at regular intervals,
the Group assesses whether opportunities which may present
themselves relating to the optimization of its business portfolio
via acquisitions and disposals and which would be likely to deliver
value for its shareholders are in line with this consistent set of
principles.

EER MARKET AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

1.3.1. REINSURANCE MARKET DEVELOPMENTS.

The global reinsurance industry comprises Life and Non-Life
reinsurance.

Life reinsurance is a concentrated industry with significant
regulatory and operational barriers to entry. Most global Life
reinsurers are based in established markets with rigorous regulatory
frameworks suitable for long-term business. Global Life reinsurers
have developed strong underwriting, pricing, actuarial, claims
management and product development capabilities, as well as
long-term relationships with their clients. Because of the long-term
nature of some Life risks, the Life reinsurance market historically
has been less cyclical than Non-Life.

Non-Life reinsurance is a cyclical market. The cyclical trends
observed in prior years largely continued in 2016, though
the market's pricing declines moderated. Pricing in Non-Life
reinsurance has declined because supply has increased faster than
demand. Supply has risen due to a number of factors including
increasing traditional capacity, new forms of capacity, actual losses
being lower than expected losses, and retained earnings. Demand

has risen less quickly due to factors including consolidation of
reinsurance spend, increased retention, and new products taking
time to develop. Macroeconomic uncertainty continued in 2016
with interest rates low but volatile and the global political situation
changing materially. The insurance industry's “protection gap”
remains a long-term opportunity that market participants have
continued to address with some success in 2016.

The growth rate of alternative capital appears to have slowed in
the course of 2016, and such capacity remains predominantly
focused on peak-zone catastrophe risks and other modelled
perils, which negatively affects the pricing of inwards reinsurance
business in the affected lines but also makes outwards retrocession
more efficient. Similarly, the trend towards new “hedge fund re”
vehicles appears to be attenuating. The risk transfer chain remains
under pressure with all actors striving to achieve cost savings,
often by squeezing out or putting pressure on other participants. It
remains to be seen which innovations will prove to be sustainable
in the Non-Life market following market-turning losses.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 25



--- Page 23 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

1.3.2. FINANCIAL MARKET DEVELOPMENTS.

The occurrence of major external shocks, such as the British
decision to leave the European Union and the unexpected
outcome of the US presidential election, as well as the downturn
in commodity prices, have significantly contributed to the change
in the economic paradigm, where fears of extended low growth/
low inflation have given way to the theme of the return of inflation
and changes to free trade

Consequently, the bond markets, after having reached record
low interest rate levels in July with -0.20% for German 10-year
bonds and 1.35% for 10-year US bonds, have seen negative
performances. At the end of 2016, the 10-year German rate
is positive once again at 0.2% and the 10-year US yield stands
at 2.45%

Higher inflation expectations are accompanied by better growth
prospects, with risk markets such as credit and equity posting
strong performances. Thus, the performance of the US high-yield

1.3.3. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OF THE YEAR

On December 27, 2016, the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority of India has granted SCOR “R3 authorization”, after
having granted SCOR “R2 authorization” on November 8, 2016,
allowing the Group to open a Composite Branch office in India
to conduct Life and P&C reinsurance business.

On December 15, 2016, SCOR announced the launch of a
new 3-year contingent capital facility. This takes the form of a
contingent equity line, providing the Group with EUR 300 million
coverage in case of extreme natural catastrophe or life events
impacting mortality.

On July 28 and August 2, 2016 respectively, SCOR completed
the calls of the entire balance of its EUR 350 million and
CHF 650 million perpetual subordinated note lines.

On May 24, 2016, SCOR successfully placed a dated subordinated
notes issue on the Euro market in the amount of EUR 500 million.

26 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

market stands at 17.4% and that of the European market at
9%, the difference emanating mainly from the US high-yield
market's preference for the energy sector. With regard to equities,
Donald Trump's pro-cyclical and protectionist program has added
significant value to US businesses. Thus, over the year, the Dow
Jones posted a performance of 16.5%, the S&P of 11.95% and
the Russell 2000 of 21.28%, outperforming the European indices
such as the Euro Stoxx 50 (+4.83%) and the CAC 40 (+8.81%).

The energy and finance sectors recorded the best performances,
thanks to the rise in oil prices in the first instance and the
steepening of yield curves plus deregulation hopes in the second.
Thus, over the year, the performance of the MSCI World Energy
index stands at 27.6%, and that of the MSCI World Financial
index stands at 13.3%. Conversely, the health sector posted a
negative performance, for example with the MSCI World Health
Care index down by -6.32%.

The coupon was set at 3.625% (until May 27, 2028), and is
reset every 10 years at the prevailing 10-year EUR mid-swap rate
+3.90%. The notes mature on May 27, 2048. It is currently SCOR’s
intention to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. The
proceeds from the notes are expected to be eligible for inclusion
in SCOR's regulatory capital, in accordance with applicable rules
and regulatory standards, and as equity credit in the rating agency
capital models.

On January 13, 2016, as part of its policy of diversifying its capital
protection tools, SCOR sponsored a new catastrophe bond, Atlas
IX Series 2016-1, which provides the Group with multi-year risk
transfer capacity of USD 300 million to protect itself against
named storms in the US and earthquakes in the US and Canada.
The risk period for Atlas IX 2016-1 runs from January 13, 2016
to December 31, 2019.


--- Page 24 ---

SCOR GROUP
Market and financial review <

1.3.4. INFORMATION ON SCOR’S COMPETITIVE POSITION

SCOR competes for business in the European, American, Asian
and other international markets with numerous international and
domestic reinsurance and insurance companies, some of which
have a larger market share than its own, greater financial resources
and, in certain cases, higher ratings from the rating agencies.
Competition in the types of reinsurance and insurance that the
Group underwrites is based on many factors, including financial
strength as perceived by the rating agencies, customers and their
brokers, underwriting expertise, reputation and experience in the
lines of reinsurance and insurance written, country of operation,
premiums charged, the quality of the proposed reinsurance
structures, the services offered and the speed at which claims
are paid.

SCOR's competitors include independent and state-owned
reinsurance companies, subsidiaries or affiliates of established
worldwide insurance companies, and reinsurance departments
of certain primary insurance companies. Among the Group's
major competitors are European reinsurers (for example, Swiss
Re, Munich Re and Hannover Re) and US/Bermudian reinsurers
(for example, Partner Re, RGA, Chubb, Axis Capital, TransRe,
Odyssey Re, GenRe and Everest Re). Also Lloyd’s of London is
recognized as a major competitor.

SCOR SE and its consolidated subsidiaries formed the world’s
fourth largest reinsurer"” in 2015, serving more than 4,000 clients.

1.3.5. REVENUES & EARNINGS SUMMARY.

The Group’s financial data are presented in Section 1.1 — Selected
financial information and in Section 4 — Consolidated financial
statements. The commentary below is based on the financial
data presented in the aforementioned sections.

See also Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 1 — Accounting principles and methods, Note 15
—Net contract liabilities and Note 24 — Insurance and financial risks.

1.3.5.1. OPERATING RESULT

SCOR is characterized by its strategic positioning aimed at
diversifying its exposures. To this end, the Group seeks to preserve:

e the diversification of its business by maintaining a broadly
balanced split between its Life and Non-Life reinsurance activities.
The business volume split for the year ended December 31,
2016 was approximately 59% for Life reinsurance and 41%
for Non-Life reinsurance based on gross written premiums;

the geographic diversification of the Group’s business by:

— operating in a large number of countries, both mature and
emerging,

— maintaining its policy of being positioned on strong-growth
markets such as Asia-Pacific and Latin America,

— operating as a mixed Non-Life and Life reinsurer in China
using the license received in 2011, enabling SCOR to add Life
reinsurance services to the existing Non-Life activities, and

the diversification of underwritten risks by product lines in
Life reinsurance (Protection, Financial Solutions, Longevity)
and in Non-Life reinsurance (Property and Casualty Treaties,
Specialty Treaties, Business Solutions (large corporate accounts
underwriting through facultative insurance and reinsurance
contracts and occasionally as a direct insurance for industrial
groups and services companies) and Business Ventures and
Partnerships)

Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums for the financial year ended December 31,
2016 amounted to EUR 13,826 million, an increase of 3.0%
compared to EUR 13,421 million in 2015. At constant exchange
rates the growth is 5.3%. The overall increase in gross written
premiums of EUR 405 million in 2016 is due to an increase of
EUR 489 million for SCOR Global Life, offsetting the decrease of
EUR 84 million for SCOR Global P&C

Gross written premiums for the financial year ended December 31,
2015 amounted to EUR 13,421 million, an increase of 18.6%
compared to EUR 11,316 million in 2014. The overall increase
in gross written premiums of EUR 2,105 million in 2015 was
due to an increase for SCOR Global P&C of EUR 788 million and
EUR 1,317 million for SCOR Global Life.

(1) By Net Reinsurance premiums written, source: “AM Best Special Report Global Reinsurance 2016”

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 27



--- Page 25 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

Breakdown of gross written premiums by segment

In EUR million 2016 2015 2014

By division

SCOR Global P&C 5,639 41% 5,723 43% 4,935 44%
SCOR Global Life 8,187 59% 7,698 57% 6,381 56%
TOTAL 13,826 100% 13,421 100% 11,316 100%
Non-Life reinsurance

Treaties 3,125 55% 3,012 53% 2,709 55%
Business Solutions (facultative) 683 12% 723 13% 614 12%
Specialties 1,176 21% 1,168 20% 1,036 21%
Joint-Ventures & Partnerships 655 12% 820 14% 576 12%
TOTAL SCOR GLOBAL P&C 5,639 100% 5,723 100% 4,935 100%
Life reinsurance

Protection ”” 6,460 79% 6,137 80% 5,212 82%
Financial Solutions” 1,038 13% 1,003 13% 923 14%
Longevity 689 8% 558 7% 246 4%
TOTAL SCOR GLOBAL LIFE 8,187 100% 7,698 100% 6,381 100%

(1) In 2015, SCOR Global Life's individual treaties have been reallocated based on a review of product line definitions. The gross written premiums in Protection
and Financial Solutions previously reported in the 2014 Registration Document were EUR 5,088 million and EUR 1,047 million respectively for the year ended
December 31, 2014.

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 4 - Segment information, for further details on the results of
the segments.

Distribution by geographical area

In 2016, SCOR generated approximately 39% of its gross written premiums in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) compared to
41% in 2015), with significant market positions in France, Germany, Spain and Italy, 46% of its gross written premiums in the Americas
(2015: 43%) and 15% of its gross written premiums in Asia (2015: 16%).

The following table shows the breakdown by gross volume of Life and Non-Life premiums written by geographical area based on
market responsibility, taking into account the country in which the ceding company operates for treaty business and location of the
insured for facultative business:

Total SCOR Global Life SCOR Global P&C
In EUR million | 2016 SES 2014 20s 2014 201s 2014
EMEA 5355 5449 4912 2677 2,515 2,261 2678 2,934 2,651
Americas” 6318 5840 4678 4,429 4130 3323 1889 1,710 1,355
Asia Pacific 2153 2,132-1,726 ~—1,081~—=«*1,053 797 1,072 ‘1,079 929
TOTAL 13,826 13,421 «11,316 «= 8,187 7,698 «6,381 «5,639 5,723 4,935

(1) In 2015, SCOR Global Life’s individual treaties have been reallocated based on a review of region allocations. The gross written premiums for SCOR
Global Life in EMEA, the Americas and Asia Pacific previously reported in the 2014 Registration Document were EUR 2,103 million, EUR 3,498 million and
EUR 780 million, respectively for the year ended December 31, 2014,

28 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 26 ---

Net earned premiums

Net earned premiums for the year ended December 31,
2016 amounted to EUR 12,462 million as compared to
EUR 11,984 million and EUR 9,991 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The overall increase
in net earned premiums of EUR 478 million from 2015 to 2016
and EUR 1,993 million from 2014 to 2015 is consistent with the
evolution in gross written premiums.

Net investment income

Net investment income" for the year ended December 31, 2016
amounted to EUR 670 million as compared to EUR 666 million
and EUR 576 million for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively. The net return on investments in 2016
was 2.5% compared to 2.6% in 2015 and 2.5% in 2014. The
increase in investment income from 2015 to 2016 is mainly due to
the active portfolio management strategy implemented by SCOR
Global Investments, which translated into substantial realized
capital gains of EUR 207 million, mostly achieved on the real
estate and fixed income portfolios and to a lesser extent on the
other investments portfolio. The return on invested assets in 2016
was 2.9% as compared to 3.1% in 2015 and 2.9% in 2014”

Gross benefits and claims paid

Gross benefits and claims paid were EUR 9,848 million,
EUR 9,499 million and EUR 7,835 million in 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. The level of gross benefits and claims paid for
SCOR Global P&C increased to EUR 3,164 million during 2016
from EUR 3,135 million in 2015 (2014: EUR 2,788 million). For
SCOR Global Life the level of gross benefits and claims paid
increased to EUR 6,684 million in 2016 from EUR 6,364 million
in 2015 (2014: EUR 5,047 million).

Net retrocession result

The net results of the Group’s retrocession program were a net
cost of EUR 388 million, EUR 336 million and EUR 385 million in
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

(1) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

However, the impact of alternative retrocession coverage, Atlas
VI (SCOR Global P&C) and Atlas IX (SCOR Global Life) (See
Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk mitigation techniques)
are not included in the net cost of retrocession as the products
are accounted for as derivatives.

The total amount recorded in 2016 «other operating expenses»
in relation to Atlas CAT bonds and the mortality transfer contract
was EUR 35 million (2015: EUR 19 million).

Expenses

The Group cost ratio® calculated as the total of all management
expenses less certain non-controllable expenses (e.g. bad debts),
legal settlements, acquisition expenses and amortization, divided
by gross written premiums, was 5.0% for the year ended
December 31, 2016, unchanged from 5.0% in 2015 (2014:
5.0%). Management expenses for the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014 were EUR 815 million, EUR 776 million and
EUR 649 million respectively, on a comparative basis.

Operating income

Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2016 amounted
to EUR 951 million as compared to EUR 1,048 million in 2015 and
EUR 826 million in 2014. The decrease between 2015 and 2016
is notably due to a higher number of natural catastrophes. For the
year ended December 31, 2016, the operating segment SCOR
Global Life contributed EUR 396 million (EUR 364 million and
EUR 285 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively) and SCOR Global
P&C EUR 680 million (EUR 808 million and EUR 648 million in 2015
and 2014, respectively) to the operating result. In 2016, 2015 and
2014, EUR (125) million, EUR (124) million and EUR (107) million
respectively, related to Group functions.

2015 and 2014 operating income benefitted from the strong
technical performance of SCOR Global Life, the robust profitability
of SCOR Global P&C and a rather benign year in terms of natural
catastrophes.

(2) The return on invested assets’ calculation method was adjusted in 2014 to exclude revenues from Life reinsurance contracts that do not transfer significant
reinsurance risk (presented in the investment income line of the 2013 Registration Document).
(3) The effective tax rate calculation method has been adjusted in 2015 to exclude the share in results of associates from income before tax. The effective tax rate

previously reported in the 2014 Registration Document was 24.5% for 2014.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 29



--- Page 27 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

Consolidated net income - Group share

SCOR generated consolidated net income of EUR 603 million
in 2016, compared to EUR 642 million and EUR 512 million
respectively for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.

In 2016, SCOR benefited from a strong performance from both
operating segments, and an active portfolio management strategy
implemented by SCOR Global Investments which safeguarded
shareholders’ interests while delivering solid returns. In 2016, the
effective tax rate was 21.7%.

In 2015, SCOR benefited from a strong operating performance, a
prudent asset management policy which safeguarded shareholders’
interests while delivering solid returns and a rather benign year
in terms of natural catastrophes. In 2015, the effective tax rate
was 26.0%

In 2014, SCOR benefited from a strong operating performance,
a prudent asset management policy of SCOR Global Investments
which safeguarded shareholders’ interests while delivering solid
returns and a rather benign year in terms of natural catastrophes.
In 2014, the effective tax rate was 24.4%".

Return on equity was 9.5%, 10.6% and 9.9% for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 respectively. Basic earnings
per share were EUR 3.26, EUR 3.46 and EUR 2.75 for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

1.3.5.2. SCOR GLOBAL P&C

SCOR Global P&C is a leading P&C reinsurer with a worldwide
footprint.

The business comprises traditional reinsurance transactions: Treaty,
Business Solutions, and Specialty Lines reinsurance. SCOR Global
P&C capitalizes on a long-standing franchise, experience, and an
extensive data base comprising multi-line expertise.

The January 2016 renewals were characterized by a market
environment that shows some signs of levelling out for certain
types of contracts and exposures, but where competition regained
some momentum since the very end of 2015. SCOR Global
P&C continued to find pockets of profitable new business,
counterbalancing the premium reductions caused by increased
selectivity and heightened portfolio management, thereby
maintaining overall expected profitability. This has been made
possible by a combination of several factors, such as the successful
deployment of the client-focused initiative in the US, and having
developed the right culture and the right tools to manage global
client relationships and steer business in real time.

2015 was characterized by an increasingly competitive market
environment. SCOR Global P&C capitalized on the quality of its
franchise and the active management of its portfolios, to secure
renewals that bear witness to its strong competitive position.

In 2014, SCOR Global P&C actively pursued its P&C treaty
business portfolio management strategy by further expanding
the proportional property, motor and casualty businesses and by
improving geographical diversification in Asia and the Americas.

Gross written premiums

In 2016, gross written premiums decreased by -1.5% compared
to 2015. At constant exchange rates the growth is 1.2%.

Compared to 2015, growth at constant exchange rates was driven
by the performance of the Property and Casualty Treaties (mainly
in the Casualty and Natural Catastrophes portfolios).

In 2015, gross written premiums increased by 16% compared
to 2014. At constant exchange rates the growth was 4.9%, in
line with the forecasts at the beginning of the year.

In 2014, gross written premiums increased by 1.8% compared
to 2013. At constant exchange rates the growth was 2.7% in
line with the assumption of EUR 5 billion annual gross written
premiums indicated in the January 2014 renewals disclosure.

Combined ratio

SCOR Global P&C achieved a net combined ratio” of 93.1% in
2016 against 91.1% in 2015 and 91.4% in 2014

In 2016, this ratio reflects very strong technical results, with a
decreasing net attritional loss ratio (54.1% compared to 56.9%
in 2015) despite higher natural catastrophes compared to 2015.
Natural catastrophes had a 5.5% impact on the Group net
combined ratio for year-end 2016 compared to a 2.2% impact
in 2015 and a 4.2% impact in 2014.

In 2015 the combined ratio reflected very strong technical results,
with a stable net attritional loss ratio 56.9% (versus 56.9%
in 2014) despite some significant man-made losses and the
lower impact of natural catastrophes compared to 2014. Natural
catastrophes had a 2.2% impact on the Group net combined
ratio for year end 2015 compared to a 4.2% impact in 2014

In 2014, the combined ratio reflected very strong technical results,
driven by the year-on-year improvement of the attritional ratio
56.9% (versus 57.7% in 2013) and the lower impact of natural
catastrophes compared to 2013. Natural catastrophes had a
4.2% impact on the Group net combined ratio for the year end
2014 compared to a 6.4% impact in 2013

(1) The effective tax rate calculation method has been adjusted in 2015 to exclude the share in results of associates from income before tax. The effective tax rate

previously reported in the 2014 Registration Document was 24.5% for 2014.
(2) See Section 1.3.9.5 — Combined ratio.

30 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 28 ---

SCOR GROUP #1

Market and financial review <

Impact of natural catastrophes

SCOR defines a catastrophe as a natural event involving several risks and causing pre-tax losses, net of retrocession, totaling EUR 3 million
or more.

The following table highlights losses due to natural catastrophes for the years 2016, 2015 and 2014:

As at December 31

2016 2015 2014

Number of catastrophes occurred during the financial year 18° 11° Be

In EUR million

Losses and loss adjustment expenses due to catastrophes, gross 323 4) 117 231”
Losses due to catastrophes, net of retrocession? 274 111 179”
Group net loss ratio” 59.6%” 59.1% 61.1%"
Group net loss ratio excluding catastrophes 54.1%” 56.8% 56.9%”)

(1) Loss ratios are calculated on the basis of Non-Life claims, expressed as a percentage of Non-Life premiums earned.

(2) Net of retrocession and reinstatement premiums (assumed and retrocession).

(3) Including Hurricane Matthew, Fort McMurray Wildfires, Earthquakes in Ecuador, in Taiwan, in Kaikoura and in Italy, Floodings in Europe, in Sri Lanka, in Texas,
in Louisiana, in Johannesburg and in United Arab Emirates, Typhoon Meranti and Cyclone Winston.

(4) The impact of developments on the following 2015 catastrophes are included in the 2016 cat ratio: UK Flooding, Chennai Floods (India), US Northeast
Winterstorms, Storm Niklas, US South & Midwest Weather, Chile Earthquake 2015, Typhoon Rainbow/Mujigae, Italy Snow & Windstorm, South Carolina
Floods, Chilean Storm & Mudslides and Texas & Oklahoma Heavy Rains.

(5) Including UK Flooding, Chennai Floods (India), US Northeast Winterstorms, Storm Niklas, US South & Midwest Weather, Chile Earthquake 2015, Typhoon
Rainbow/Mujigae, Italy Snow & Windstorm, South Carolina Floods, Chilean Storm & Mudslides and Texas & Oklahoma Heavy Rain

(6) Including European Hails (Ela), Japan Snowstorm, USA Floods (Warren Michigan), Cyclone Hudhud, Hurricane Odile, Chile Earthquake, Southern Alberta
Hailstorm and Typhoon Rammasun.

(7) Andreas Hailstorm (July 2013) and South Africa Hailstorm’s development impacts are included in 2014 cat ratio.

In 2016, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 307 million as at
December 31, 2016:

Estimated loss net of

In EUR million retrocession as at
Cat losses Date of loss 12/31/2016
Hurricane Matthew 10/05/2016 55
Fort McMurray Wildfire 05/06/2016 51
Kumamoto Earthquake 04/14/2016 31
European Hailstorm 06/23/2016 30
European Floods 06/01/2016 26
Ecuador Earthquake 04/16/2016 23
Taiwan Earthquake 02/06/2016 22
Sri Lanka Flooding 05/01/2016 12
Texas Hail 04/11/2016 11
Kaikoura Earthquake 11/13/2016 10
Other natural catastrophes (less than EUR 10 million) 36
TOTAL 307

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 31


--- Page 29 ---

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

#1

In 2015, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 111 million as at

December 31, 2015:

Original estimated Adjusted estimated

loss net of loss net of
In EUR million retrocession as at retrocession as at
Cat losses Date of loss 12/31/2015 12/31/2016
UK Flooding December 2015 29 7
Chennai Floods October 2015 19 22
US Northeast Winterstorms February 2015 19 19
Storm Niklas March 2015 10 8
Other natural catastrophes (less than EUR 10 million) - 34 16
TOTAL 111 72

In 2014, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 163 million as at

December 31, 2014:

In EUR million

Adjusted estimated

Original estimated loss __Ioss net of retrocession as at

net of retrocession as at

Cat losses Date of loss December 31, 2014 12/31/2015 12/31/2016
European Hails (Ela) June 2014 82 81 78
Japan Snowstorm February 2014 32 38 38
USA floods (Warren Michigan) August 2014 16 17 15
Cyclone Hudhud October 2014 14 8 8
Other natural catastrophes (less than EUR 10 million) 2014 19 15 15
TOTAL 163 159 154

1.3.5.3. SCOR GLOBAL LIFE

SCOR Global Life operates through its unified global organization
with a specialized market approach in three regions: Americas,
EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. It
underwrites Life reinsurance business in the following product
lines:

e Protection;

e Financial Solutions;

e Longevity.

Protection encompasses traditional Life reinsurance business
for living and death benefits. The main risks undertaken are
mortality, morbidity and behavioral risks for individuals and groups
of individuals. Financial Solutions typically combine traditional
Life reinsurance with financing components providing liquidity,
balance sheet, solvency and/or income improvements to the
client. Longevity products cover the risk of negative deviation
from expected results due to the insured or annuitant living
longer than assumed in the pricing of insurance cover provided
by insurers or pension funds.

In 2016, SCOR Global Life continued to grow profitably in
a competitive Life reinsurance market. The solid operating
profitability of SCOR Global Life was maintained thanks to a
robust technical performance across key regions and product lines.

(1) Based on 2016 gross written premiums.
(2) At December 31, 2016 exchange rates.

Gross written premiums by product line

SCOR Global Life ranks among the top five life reinsurers
worldwide" and has grown by 6.4% in gross written premiums
from EUR 7,698 million in 2015 to EUR 8,187 million in 2016 (a
8.3% increase at constant exchange rate”). SCOR Global Life has
increased its new business premiums from new clients and with
existing clients in all three regions and across all three product
lines. Growth was recognized in the Protection product line in
Americas, in the Financial Solutions product line in Asia Pacific
and in the Longevity product line in Europe.

Protection

The Protection business accounts for 79% of total gross written
premiums in 2016 and remains the main driver for premium
growth (5.3% growth in gross written premiums in 2016).

SCOR Global Life has maintained its leadership in the US Life
reinsurance market®’, the largest life reinsurance market in the
world. After the successful integration of Generali US's Life
reinsurance activities, SCOR Global Life created a common
operations platform in North America across multiple sites
(Charlotte, Kansas City, Montreal and Toronto). Leveraging
this new underwriting platform has led to new account wins,
particularly in Canada.

(3) Source: 2016 SOA/Munich Re survey of US life reinsurance, published in June 2016.

32 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 30 ---

In the EMEA region, SCOR Global Life reinforced its franchises
in key European markets such as France, the UK, and Nordic
countries. SCOR Global Life is also expanding into the large
South African market.

Asia Pacific remains a region with significant growth opportunities
both in terms of premiums and profitability. Premiums development
in Asia Pacific was driven by higher Protection business volumes
in Australia, China and South Korea.

Within the Protection product line, mortality was the main risk
underwritten and the main growth driver in 2016:

e Mortality: more than 60% of SCOR Global Life’s portfolio is
traditional mortality reinsurance business, based on 2016 gross
written premiums. SCOR Global Life developed a strong position
in Mortality in the US, as well as in the major European markets.

Long-Term Care: SCOR Global Life has been pioneering LTC
reinsurance solutions in the French market for twenty years, and
has acquired a sound practical experience in the underwriting
and the management of LTC risks. SCOR Global Life has
also expanded its geographical scope by introducing its LTC
reinsurance coverage to several markets.

Disability: SCOR Global Life has established strong market
positions in disability in many continental Europe markets and
Canada. It has recently selectively entered into the Australian
disability market in line with SCOR’s risk appetite, at pricing
levels in line with its profitability target, thanks to hardening
market conditions.

Critical Illness: SCOR Global Life is a market leader in the UK.
It also leverages its experience and expertise from the UK to
expand into selected Asian markets and South Africa.

Medical represents a small proportion of SCOR Global Life’s
portfolio. It is a major product line in the markets of the Middle
East and is written selectively in Asia, Continental Europe and
the Americas.

Personal Accident also represents a small proportion of SCOR
Global Life’s portfolio. A main source of Personal Accident
business for SCOR Global Life is obtained through its distribution
services company, ReMark, which provides direct marketing of
life insurance products to insurers, financial institutions and
affinity partners.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

Through its Global Distribution Solutions (GDS), SCOR Global Life
has successfully deployed a number of innovative and tailored
client services which aim to help insurers expand and develop
their own client bases (ReMark, Velogica, SCOR Telemed and
Rehalto). SCOR Global Life has leadership positions in many
markets in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions and achieved
strong growth in 2016.

Financial Solutions

In the Financial Solutions product line, accounting for 13%
of 2016 gross written premiums, SCOR Global Life has built a
recognized position in providing capital and solvency solutions.
Since 2013, SCOR Global Life has been signing landmark
transactions in Southern Europe, the US, Asia and Latin America.
Regulatory environments have been in flux since late 2014, with
the implementation of Solvency Il in Europe and equivalent
systems elsewhere (China, the US). These changes have led to a
slowdown in concluding new business, in particular in the EMEA
region. Insurers are expected to deploy new solutions as these
new regulations come into force.

Longevity

SCOR Global Life has established itself as a recognized provider
for longevity reinsurance, focusing on longevity risk transfer
transactions for large in-payment pension portfolios, creating a
new business pipeline with growth opportunities. The Longevity
product line accounts for 8.4% of SCOR Global Life’s gross written
premiums in 2016 and is one of the main drivers of premium
growth (23.3% increase in gross written premiums in 2016).
The main active market to date for SCOR Global Life is UK with
a portfolio from recent years and new business signed in 2016
while exploring business opportunities in other markets such
as Canada, where SCOR Global Life entered into a longevity
transaction in 2015.

Life technical margin

Overall, the Life technical margin in 2016 was 7.0% compared
to 7.2% in 2015 and 7.1% in 2014.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 33



--- Page 31 ---

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

#1

1.3.5.4. NET INVESTMENT INCOME AND INVESTMENT INCOME ON INVESTED ASSETS

Net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2016
amounted to EUR 670 million as compared to EUR 666 million
and EUR 576 million for the years ended December 31, 2015
and December 31, 2014, respectively.

The return on invested assets in 2016 was 2.9% as compared to
3.1% in 2015 and 2.9% in 2014. The evolution of investment
income is essentially driven by the active portfolio management

In EUR million

strategy implemented by SCOR Global Investments, which
translated into substantial realized capital gains of EUR 207 million,
mostly achieved on the real estate and fixed income portfolios
and to a lesser extent on the other investments portfolio.

The following table presents a reconciliation of these figures with
the IFRS figures as presented in Section 4 — Consolidated financial
statements, Note 18 — Investment income.

As at December 31

| 2016 | 2015 2014

Investment revenues on invested assets 374 405 334
Realized gains/(losses) on debt securities 125 56 89
Realized gains/(losses) on loans - - -
Realized gains/(losses) on equity securities 5 104 26
Realized gains/(losses) on real estate‘) 58 3 17
Realized gains/(losses) on other investments 19 7 3
Realized gains/(losses) on invested assets ® 207 170 135
Impairment of debt securities (2) (13) -
Impairment of loans - - -
Impairment of equity securities (8) (8) (3)
Impairment/depreciation of real estate (21) (22) (28)
Impairment of other investments - - -
Impairment/amortization on invested assets (31) (43) (31)
Fair value through income on invested assets 5 11 8
Financing costs on real estate (5) (9) (10)
TOTAL INVESTMENT INCOME ON INVESTED ASSETS 550 534 436
Net interest income on funds withheld and contract deposits 182 184 180
Investment management expenses (62) (52) (40)
TOTAL NET INVESTMENT INCOME 670 666 576
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 11 16 11
Income/(expenses) on technical items“ 1 1 -
Financing costs on real estate 12 9 10
IFRS INVESTMENT INCOME NET OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

EXPENSES 694 692 597
Average invested assets 18,677 17,462 15,074
Return on invested assets (ROIA as a %) 2.9% 3.1% 2.9%

(1) Realized gains/(losses) on real estate are presented net of EUR 7 million swap termination costs. These are included in financing cost for IFRS presentation

purposes.

(2) Realized gains/(losses) on real estate are presented net of EUR 4 million attributable to 3rd parties. These are included in realized capital gains/losses on

investments for IFRS presentation purposes.

(3) Realized gains/losses on invested assets are shown net of realized losses on derivatives of EUR 4 million. These are included in realized capital gains/losses on

investments for IFRS presentation purposes.

(4) Real estate financing expenses relate to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment purposes) only. They are not included in the IFRS investment

income net of investment management expenses.

(5) Income/(expenses) on technical items include (2) and (3) amongst other technical items.

34 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 32 ---

During 2016, invested assets increased to EUR 19,226 million from
EUR 17,963 mainly as a result of the Group’s strong operating cash
flows, income generated by the invested assets portfolio in 2016,
positive mark-to-market development and a positive FX impact.

SCOR announced its new investment strategy in September 2016,
as part of its “Vision in Action” strategic plan. During the next
three years, SCOR intends to achieve higher investment returns
through a normalization of its asset management policy, consisting
in (i) reducing liquidity to 5%, (ii) closing the duration gap by the
end of the strategic plan by increasing invested assets’ duration
and (iii) providing additional degrees of freedom in the Strategic
Asset Allocation.

In an uncertain economic and financial environment, affected by
several significant political events, such as the Brexit referendum
and the US election, SCOR maintained a prudent investment
strategy throughout 2016. As a result, its liquidity, defined as
cash, cash equivalents and short term investments remained
almost stable at 11% of invested assets as at December 31, 2016
compared to 11% as at December 31, 2015.

Meanwhile, SCOR started to rebalance progressively its invested
assets portfolio towards its new target asset allocation, and
increased its exposure to corporate bonds, representing 38% of
invested assets at the end of 2016 compared to 35% at the end
of 2015. Over the same period of time, government bonds &

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

assimilated were reduced from 28% to 25%. The fixed income
portfolio continues to represent a significant portion of SCOR’s
investments with 79% invested within this asset class (2015: 78%),
and an average rating maintained at “AA-” at the end of 2016.
The duration of the fixed income portfolio stood at 4.5 years
at the end of 2016 compared to 3.9 years at the end of 2015

SCOR’s exposure to loans increased to EUR 718 million as at
December 31, 2016 and stands at 4% of invested assets (as
at December 31, 2015: EUR 659 million, representing 4% of
invested assets)

SCOR’s exposure to equity securities decreased marginally to
EUR 506 million as at December 31, 2016, representing 2%
of invested assets (as at December 31, 2015: EUR 515 million,
representing 3% of invested assets). This exposure is essentially
made up of listed equities and convertible bonds.

The real estate portfolio increased to EUR 875 million as at
December 31, 2016 and stands at 5% of invested assets (as at
December 31, 2015: EUR 793 million, 4% of invested assets).

Other investments, comprising mainly Insurance-Linked Securities
(ILS), private equity and infrastructure funds and non-listed equities
slightly decreased to EUR 467 million as at December 31, 2016
and represent 2% of invested assets (as at December 31, 2015:
EUR 482 million, 3% of invested assets).

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 35



--- Page 33 ---

#1 SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

The following table presents a reconciliation of these figures with the IFRS figures as presented in Section 4 - Consolidated financial statements:

As at December 31, 2016

Management classification

Total Funds

Fixed Other ISR withheld ucici§ Accrued —_ Technical Total IFRS
IFRS classification Cash income Loans Equities Realestate _investments Evicy = andother Msuuisy interests icutiue classification
Real estate investments : : : : 770 : 770 : 770 : : 770
Equities - 37 50 297 143 263 790 - 790 - - 790
Debt securities - 14,721 918 - - 1 15,640 - 15,640 123 - 15,763
Available-for-sale financial assets - 14,758 968 297 143 264 16,430 - 16,430 123 - 16,553
Equities - - - 278 - 534 812 - 812 - - 812
Debt securities - - - - - - = - = - - =
Investments at fair value through income - - - 278 - 534 812 - 812 - - 812
Loans and receivables : 592 693 : : 21 1,306 8,505 9,811 4 : 9,815
Derivative instruments : : : : : : : : : : 187 187
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS INVESTMENTS 2 15,350 1,661 575 913 819 19,318 8,505 27,823 127 187 28,137
Cash and cash equivalents 1,688 - - - - - 1,688 - 1,688 - - 1,688
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS INVESTMENTS
AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,688 15,350 1,661 575 913 819 21,006 8,505 29,511 127 187 29,825
Less third parties’ interests ® (177) (205) (942) (69) (73) (352) (1,818) - (1,818) - - -
Direct real estate unrealized gains and losses‘? - - - - 272 - 272 - 272 - - -
Direct real estate debt - - - - (237) - (237) - (237) - - -
Cash payable/receivable 3 - - - - - 3 - 3 - - -
TOTAL MANAGEMENT CLASSIFICATION 1,514 15,145 719 506 875 467 19,226 8,505 27,731 - - -

(1) Including Atlas CAT bonds and foreign exchange derivatives

(2) Other loans and receivables excluded from invested assets are certificates of deposit (CDs) maturing in more than three months and less than twelve months included in short-term investments as well as infrastructure loans and real estate loans.

(3) Assets invested by third parties in mutual funds and non-controlling real estate investments fully consolidated by SCOR.
(4) Fair value less carrying amount of real estate investments excluding EUR 9 milion attributable to third-party investors.
(5) Real estate financing related to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment purposes) excluding EUR 30 million attributable to third-party investors

36 © Document de Référence 2016 / SCOR


--- Page 34 ---

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review < #

As at December 31, 2015

Management classification Total Funds
Fixed Other MIS§ withheld ucici§ Accrued —_ Technical

IFRS classification Cash income Loans Real estate investments Eticy andother Mauss interests items”

Real estate investments : : : : 838 : 838 : 838 : : 838
Equities - 35 40 304 142 249 770 - 770 - - 770
Debt securities - 13,756 730 - - 1 14,487 - 14,487 124 - 14,611
Available-for-sale financial assets - 13,791 770 304 142 250 15,257 - 15,257 124 - 15,381
Equities - - - 288 - 456 744 - 744 - - 744
Debt securities - - - - - - = - = - - =
Investments at fair value through income - - - 288 - 456 744 - 744 - - 744
Loans and receivables : 407 452 : : 39 898 9,589 10,487 5 : 10,492
Derivative instruments : : : : : : : : : : 221 221
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS INVESTMENTS 2 14,198 1,222 592 980 745 = 17,737 9,589 27,326 129 221 27,676
Cash and cash equivalents 1,626 - - - - - 1,626 - 1,626 - - 1,626
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS INVESTMENTS

AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,626 14,198 1,222 592 980 745 19,363 9,589 28,952 129 221 29,302
Less third parties’ interests ° (81) (222) (563) (77) (84) (263) (1,290) - (1,290) - - -
Direct real estate unrealized gains and losses‘? - - - - 209 - 209 - 209 - - -
Direct real estate debt - - - - (312) - (312) - (312) - - -
Cash payable/receivable (7) - - - - - (7) - (7) - - -
TOTAL MANAGEMENT CLASSIFICATION 1,538 13,976 659 515 793 482 17,963 9,589 27,552 - - -

(1) Including Atlas CAT bonds, mortality swap and FX derivatives.

(2) Other loans and receivables excluded from invested assets are certificates of deposit (CDs) maturing in more than three months and less than twelve months included in short-term investments as well as infrastructure loans and real estate loans.
(3) Assets invested by third parties in mutual funds and non-controlling real estate investments fully consolidated by SCOR.

(4) Fair value less carrying amount of real estate investments excluding EUR 10 million attributable to third-party investors.

(5) Real estate financing related to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment) excluding EUR 45 million attributable to third-party investors.

SC©OR / Document de Référence 2016 ———) 37


--- Page 35 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

1.3.6. FINANCIAL POSITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES.

The strength of the 2016 results and balance sheet demonstrates
the effectiveness of SCOR's strategy which is based on extensive
business and geographical diversification, focusing on traditional
reinsurance activity with reinsurance liabilities with very limited
exposure to economic activity risks, and no material off balance
sheet exposure.

1.3.6.1. CAPITAL

Shareholders’ equity

After the payment of the 2016 dividend, shareholders’ equity
increased from EUR 6,363 million at December 31, 2015 to
EUR 6,695 million at December 31, 2016. See Section 4.5 —
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity for
a description of this change.

Book value per share" stands at EUR 35.94 at December 31,
2016 compared to EUR 34.03 and EUR 30.60 at December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively.

On December 15, 2016, following the authorization granted
by SCOR’s shareholders in April 2016, SCOR arranged a new
contingent capital facility with BNP Paribas. This facility replaced,
as from January 1, 2017, the previous contingent capital facilities
which had ended on December 31, 2016. Under this new
EUR 300 million arrangement, SCOR raised its level of protection
by EUR 100 million. For more information on contingent capital,
see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 12 - Information on share capital, capital management,
regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

Capital Shield Strategy

The Group reconciles its strategic objectives with the protection
of its capital via its “Capital Shield Strategy”, which articulates
the Group’s risk appetite. This policy is based on an economic
approach and aims to protect the Group against potential
shock losses. The policy is built on the following four concepts:
traditional retrocession, capital market solutions, solvency buffer
and contingent capital facility.

For more information on the Capital Shield Strategy, refer to
Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk mitigation techniques.

For information on the Atlas special purpose vehicles used in the
Capital Shield Strategy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 2 — Scope of consolidation

Restrictions on the use of capital

Some of the letters of credit granted by SCOR to cedents require
100% collateral coverage in case of non-compliance with financial
covenants or in case of a decrease in the Group’s financial strength
rating. For example, the Group and its companies are subject
to minimum net worth requirements and maximum debt levels
under the terms of certain stand-by letter of credit agreements.
Non respect of these covenants could lead to an increase in the
percentage of required collateralization.

(1) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios.

38 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

However, SCOR makes every effort to limit collateral requirements
related to financial covenants or the Group’s financial strength
rating in its financial agreements.

For information on collateral requirements, see Section 3.6 —
Liquidity risks and Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 23 - Commitments received and given

For more information on regulatory restrictions on the use of
capital, see Section 1.2.1 — Introduction, and Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 12 — Information on
share capital, capital management, regulatory framework and
consolidated reserves.

1.3.6.2. BORROWING CONDITIONS
AND FINANCING STRUCTURE

Debt is a key component of the Group's financing strategy. It is
essentially composed of subordinated debt used to optimize its
cost of capital. Subordinated debt provides long-term financial
resources as well as financial flexibility.

The total level of financial liabilities which includes subordinated
debt, real estate financing and other financial liabilities decreased
to EUR 2,758 million from EUR 3,155 million in 2015 (2014:
EUR 2,232 million).

For information on financial liabilities, including their related
covenants, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

For a description of the derivatives used to hedge the risks related
to financial liabilities, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance business investments.

Subordinated debt and leverage ratio

On July 28 and August 2, 2016 respectively, SCOR completed
the calls of the remaining balance of its EUR 350 million and
CHF 650 million perpetual subordinated note lines. On May 24,
2016, SCOR successfully placed a dated subordinated notes issue
on the Euro market in the amount of EUR 500 million.

On December 2, 2015, SCOR successfully placed a dated
subordinated notes issue on the Euro market in the amount of
EUR 600 million. On June 2, 2015, SCOR successfully placed
a dated subordinated notes issue on the Euro market in the
amount of EUR 250 million. SCOR also called the balance of the
USD subordinated step-up floating-rate notes due 2029, and of
the EUR subordinated step-up floating-rate notes due 2020, on
June 25 and July 6, 2015 respectively.

On September 24, 2014, SCOR successfully placed perpetual
subordinated notes on the Swiss franc market, with a first call
date on October 20, 2020, for an amount of CHF 125 million.
On September 25, 2014, SCOR successfully placed perpetual
subordinated notes on the Euro market, with a first call date on
October 1, 2025, for a total amount of EUR 250 million.


--- Page 36 ---

The Group has a debt leverage position of 24.4% at December 31,
2016, as compared to 27.5%") at December 31, 2015 and 23.1%
at December 31, 2014. This ratio is calculated as the percentage
of subordinated debt compared to total shareholders’ equity plus
subordinated debt. The calculation of the leverage ratio excludes
accrued interest from debt and includes the swaps effect related
to the CHF 315 million and CHF 250 million subordinated debt
issuances.

Real estate debts and other financial liabilities

SCOR uses real estate debts and other financial liabilities mainly
to finance real estate investments and for general corporate
purposes. Operational leverage is subject to asset and liability
matching with little to no risk that the assets will be insufficient
to service and settle the liabilities. Debt used for operational
leverage is treated as operational debt and excluded by the
rating agencies from financial leverage calculations. SCOR’s
debt positions are non-recourse, the debtors’ claims are limited
to assets underlying the financing. As at December 31, 2016,
real estate financing and other financial liabilities amounted to
EUR 491 million and EUR 10 million, respectively (December 31,
2015: EUR 534 million and EUR 8 million, respectively). This
includes the real estate debt of MRM S.A. (company acquired
by SCOR on May 25, 2013) in the amount of EUR 75 million
(EUR 112 million as at December 31, 2015).

1.3.7. SOLVENCY.

The Group is regulated by the “Solvency Il” European Directive
which applies since January 1, 2016. For more details on solvency
regulations, see Chapter 1.2.1 — Introduction.

SCOR’'s internal model

Since January 1, 2016, the regulatory solvency position of the
Group has been assessed using SCOR's internal model, which
was approved in November 2015 by the relevant supervisory
authorities

This comprehensive and holistic model was developed internally
over the last 10 years, on the basis of SCOR’s experience and
expertise. It covers all known material quantifiable risks to which
the Group is exposed (Life and Non-Life underwriting risk, market

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

Credit facilities

The Group has been granted credit facilities from several companies
of the banking sector to guarantee the reinsurance activities of
various subsidiaries for a global issued amount of USD 3.3 billion
as at December 31, 2016. These credit facilities are stand-by letters
of credit that the banking counterparty agrees to issue in the form
acceptable to the American National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC) or other appropriate regulatory body.

1.3.6.3. LIQUIDITY

The Group’s liquidity, defined as cash, cash equivalents”, short-
term government bonds with maturities above three months and
below twelve months and bank overdrafts, which is well diversified
across a limited number of banks, stood at EUR 2.3 billion at
the end of 2016, up from EUR 2.0 billion at the end of 2015
(EUR 0.9 billion at December 31, 2014) supported by very strong
operating cash flow generation. The Group has commenced its
strategy of redeployment of liquidity as described by the “Vision
in Action” asset management policy.

Total investments, including cash and cash equivalents,
amounted to EUR 29.8 billion at December 31, 2016 compared
to EUR 29.3 billion and EUR 26.1 billion at December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively.

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 11 - Cash and cash equivalents.

and credit risk, operational risk) and reflects SCOR'‘s risk profile and
strategy. This model is based on the highest scientific standards,
systematically applying stochastic simulations and modelling
dependencies across risks and using cutting-edge methodologies.

SCOR’s internal model is used extensively to help to prepare
management decisions which involve risk management or solvency
considerations. The solvency position of the Group is monitored
on SCOR’s dynamic solvency scale which defines SCOR’s solvency
target— the “optimal range” being between 185% and 220% — as
well as the various management actions to be taken depending
on the solvency position, as shown below. The Solvency scale is
well established and has been confirmed by the new strategic
plan Vision in Action

(1) In September 2014 and December 2015, SCOR issued two subordinated notes for EUR 250 million and EUR 600 million, respectively, and refinanced through the
proceeds of these two notes the optional redemptions of the remaining balance of the 6.154% undated deeply subordinated EUR 350 million notes callable in
July 2016 and of the 5.375% fixed to floating rate undated subordinated CHF 650 million notes callable in August 2016. Had these redemptions been effective on

December 31, 2015, the leverage ratio would have amounted to 20.6%.

(2) Includes cash and cash equivalents from third parties. See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201 ———@) 39



--- Page 37 ---

#1

SCOR GROUP

> Market and financial review

Solvency ratio

At year-end 2016, SCOR’s solvency ratio stood at 225%'”,
marginally above its optimal solvency range of 185%-220% as
defined in the “Vision in Action” plan.

300% SR

~225%
Q4 2016 estimated

solvency ratio 220% SR

185 SR %

150% SR
125% SR

100% SR

5 :

Solvency II places great emphasis on the robustness of the risk
management system of (re)insurance companies. SCOR has an
established and robust ERM framework covering existing and
emerging risks.

For further information on risk management mechanisms,
see Section 3 — Risk factors and risk management mechanism
and Appendix A - 2 - Internal control and risk management
procedures.

1.3.9. CALCULATION OF FINANCIAL RATIOS

1.3.9.1. BOOK VALUE PER SHARE

1.3.8. CASH FLOWS.

Positive operating cash flows amounted to EUR 1,354 million in
2016 (EUR 795 million in 2015 and EUR 894 million in 2014). This
increase is due to the generation of strong recurring cash flows
in 2016 and one exceptional item: SCOR Global P&C received
a non-recurring fund withheld settlement of approximately
EUR 301 million.

Cash flow used in financing activities amounted to EUR 895 million
in 2016 (positive cash flow of EUR 417 million in 2015). These
amounts principally reflect the dividend payments, the issuance
of one subordinated debt in 2016 and two subordinated debts
in 2015 as well as the repayment of two existing debts in 2016
and of two other existing debts in 2015.

The Group's liquidity, defined as cash, cash equivalents ®), short-
term government bonds with maturities above three months and
below twelve months and bank overdrafts, which is well diversified
across a limited number of banks, stands at EUR 2.3 billion at
the end of 2016, up from EUR 2.0 billion at the end of 2015
(EUR 0.9 billion at December 31, 2014) supported by very strong
operating cash flow generation. The Group has commenced its
strategy of redeployment of liquidity as described by the “Vision
in Action” asset management policy.

See Section 4.4 — Consolidated statement of cash flows and
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 4 - Segment information for an analysis of the main cash
flow statement items and Note 11 — Cash and cash equivalents, for
a reconciliation between consolidated net income and operating
cash flows.

The table below presents a detailed calculation of book value per share:

In EUR million

As at 12/31/2014

Group shareholders’ equity 6,330 5,694
Shares issued as at closing date 192,534,569 192,653,095 192,691,479
Treasury shares as at closing date (7,203,282) (6,661,000) (6,593,132)
Basic number of shares 185,331,287 185,992,095 186,098,347
BASIC BOOK VALUE PER SHARE 35.94 34.03 30.60

(1) Solvency ratio based on Solvency II requirements. The estimated ratio may differ from the final Group solvency results to be filed with the supervisory authorities

by June 2017

(2) Includes cash and cash equivalents from third parties. See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

40 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 38 ---

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review <

1.3.9.2. RETURN ON INVESTMENTS AND RETURN ON INVESTED ASSETS

The table below presents a detailed calculation of return on investments and return on invested assets:

In EUR million ESS IRPESIPLISS As at 12/31/2015 As at 12/31/2014

Average investments” 26,921 25,739 22,697
Total net investment income 670 666 576
Return on investments (ROI) 2.5% 2.6% 2.5%
Average invested assets” 18,677 17,462 15,074
Total investment income on invested assets 550 534 436
Return on Invested Assets (ROIA) 2.9% 3.1% 2.9%

(1) Average investments are the quarterly averages of the total investments as per the “Invested assets” reconciliation table included in Section 1.3.5.4 — Net
investment income and investment income on invested assets, adjusted for funds withheld.

(2) Average invested assets are the quarterly averages of the total invested assets as per the “Invested assets” reconciliation table included in Section 1.3.5.4 —
Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

1.3.9.3. GROUP COST RATIO

The table below presents a detailed calculation of the Group cost ratio:

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 12/31/2014
Total expenses as per profit & loss account” (761) (725) (607)
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses (ULAE)”) (54) (51) (42)
Total management expenses (815) (776) (649)
Investment management expenses 62 52 40
Total expense base (753) (724) (609)
Corporate finance 1 2 1
Amortization 37 35 34
Non controllable expenses 18 13 10
Total management expenses (for cost ratio calculation) (697) (674) (564)

Gross written premiums 13,826 13,421 11,316

GROUP COST RATIO 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%

(1) Total expenses are investment management expenses, acquisition and administrative expenses and other current operating expenses as presented in
Section 4.2 — Consolidated statement of income.
(2) ULAE are part of gross benefits and claims paid.

1.3.9.4. RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE)

Return on equity is based on the Group’s share of net income divided by average shareholders’ equity (calculated as shareholders’
equity at the beginning of the period adjusted for the effect of all movements during the period on a pro-rata temporis basis).

Year ended Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 12/31/2014

Consolidated net income - Group share 603 642 512
Opening shareholders’ equity — Group share 6,330 5,694 4,940
Weighted consolidated net income 301 321 256
Payment of dividends” (185) (170) (154)
Weighted increase in capital” (8) (4) (6)
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates (90) 261 97
Revaluation of assets available-for-sale and others (31) (29) 63
Weighted average shareholders’ equity 6,317 6,073 5,196
ROE 9.5% 10.6% 9.9%

(1) Pro-rata of 50%: linear acquisition throughout the period.

(2) Considers time weighted transaction based on transaction dates.

(3) A daily weighted average is applied used for the currency or currencies that experienced foreign exchange rates movements, and simple weighted average
is applied used for the other currencies.

#1

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 41



--- Page 39 ---

1 SCOR GROUP
# > Market and financial review

1.3.9.5. COMBINED RATIO

The table below presents a detailed calculation of the combined ratio:

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 12/31/2014
Gross earned premiums 5,553 5,580 4,775
Ceded earned premiums (587) (613) (488)
Net earned premiums 4,966 4,967 4,287
Gross benefits and claims paid (3,164) (3,135) (2,788)
Ceded claims 210 198 167
Total Net claims (2,954) (2,937) (2,621)
Loss ratio 59.6% 59.1% 61.1%
Gross commission on earned premiums (1,404) (1,327) (1,068)
Ceded commissions 71 75 49
Total Net commissions (1,333) (1,252) (1,019)
Commission ratio 26.8% 25.2% 23.8%
Total technical ratio 86.4% 84.3% 84.9%
Acquisition and administrative expenses (226) (233) (191)
Other current operating expenses (52) (40) (37)
Other income and expense from reinsurance operations (56) (63) (52)
Total P&C management expenses (334) (336) (280)
Total P&C management expense ratio 6.7% 6.8% 6.5%
TOTAL COMBINED RATIO 93.1% 91.1% 91.4%

1.3.9.6. LIFE TECHNICAL MARGINE

The table below presents a detailed calculation of the life technical margin:

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2016 12/31/2015 12/31/2014
Gross earned premiums 8,172 7,719 6,363
Ceded earned premiums (676) (702) (659)
Net earned premiums 7,A96 7,017 5,704
Net technical result 361 345 247
Interest on deposits 165 161 158
Technical result 526 506 405
LIFE TECHNICAL MARGIN 7.0% 7.2% 7.1%

1.3.10. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO DECEMBER 31, 2016

No material change has occurred in the Group's financial or commercial situation since the end of the 2016 financial year.

1.3.11. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY.

Throughout the period of validity of the Registration Document, the bylaws and any other document required by law may be consulted
and are freely available upon request from the registered office of the Company at 5 avenue Kléber, 75016 Paris, France.

The information published by SCOR within the last 12 months from March 4, 2016 to March 3, 2017 is available for downloading
from the following sites:

 Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF): http://www.amf-france.org

Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO): http://www.journal-officiel.gouv.fr/balo

e SCOR: https://www.scor.com/

e Linfo financiére: http://info-financiere.fr

42 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR
