

--- Page 1 ---

22

Beiersdorf’s Brands

Every day, millions of people worldwide trust Beiersdorf’s innovative, high- tesa provides innovative self-adhesive products and system solutions. The
quality skin and body care products. Our successful international brand port- manufacturer is a global market leader in a large number of application areas
folio is tailored to meet the individual needs and wishes of consumers, as well due to its many years of experience in coating technology and developing
as local requirements. The consistent development of our strong brands is the adhesive masses.

basis for our unparalleled closeness to consumers and markets, and hence for

Beiersdorf’s sustainable success.

Our Brand Portfolio

Eucerin laprairie

etl SWITZERLAND

wn Set 1720 mm

Labello Florena &

: , seas Flae- :
atvi it «(to |
a RF



--- Page 2 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Beiersdorf’s Brands
Business and Strategy

Business and Strategy

Beiersdorf is a global leader in the consumer goods industry with a total of over
17,000 employees in more than 150 affiliates. It is divided into two business
segments:

© The Consumer Business Segment, whose strong brands focus on the inter-
national skin and body care markets, is the main business.

© The tesa Business Segment is a pioneering manufacturer of self-adhesive
products and solutions for industry, craft businesses, and consumers.

Consumer Business Segment

Beiersdorf aims to be the No. 1 skin care company in its key categories and
markets. The Blue Agenda sets the strategic direction to achieve this goal and
fully leverage the growth potential of our strong brands. It consists of the
following strategic focuses:

© Strengthening our brands - first and foremost NIVEA
© Continuously increasing our innovative power

Oo Expanding our presence in emerging markets and consolidating our market
position in Europe

© The people at Beiersdorf

Our Core Values describe what Beiersdorf stands for and shape the work of
each and every one of our employees: Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust.

We are working systematically to implement our strategic roadmap in order to
ensure the sustainable success of our business. During the year under review, we
achieved further progress regarding the areas which we are focusing on until
2020. These areas are: people, brands, innovations, localization, digitalization,
sales, and efficiency.

The positive performance of the business in 2016 shows that our strategy is pay-
ing off: Beiersdorf continued on its profitable growth path in the reporting year.
With strong brands, attractive product innovations, and an expanded presence
in emerging markets, we have once again increased our sales, gained market
share, and further improved our strong position worldwide despite a volatile
economic and political environment. The operating result hit a record level in
2016, as did the EBIT margin.

We significantly improved our profitability during the year under review, par-
ticularly with a range of measures to raise efficiency. These included strong cost
discipline across the company, improved cost structures, focused use of the
marketing budget, and the streamlining and harmonization of the product
assortment. We have also made substantial progress in the management of
warehouse logistics and working capital (= inventories plus trade receivables
minus trade payables).

*Reader’s Digest, Trusted Brands Study, 2016

23

BRANDS

The strength of our brand portfolio is one of the keys to our company’s success.
Beiersdorf’s brands stand for trust, quality, and consistency, and precisely meet
consumers’ needs. In our core business of skin care, for example, NIVEA was
again voted Germany’s most trusted brand in 2016*. Our disciplined brand
management has succeeded in sustainably expanding our brands’ impact. The
good results for our NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie core brands during the re-
porting period clearly underline this success, as does the positive performance
of regional and local brands such as Hansaplast/Elastoplast, Aquaphor, and
Hidrofugal.

INNOVATIONS.

In order to maintain its strong capacity to innovate, Beiersdorf is pursuing a
long-term strategy that is clearly aimed at sustainable growth. This means
developing and introducing new products with great potential to be future
growth drivers. It also means extending the lifespan and growth of our major
innovations to make full use of their potential. Combining these two aspects is
key to Beiersdorf’s success, as is again reflected in the development of inno-
vations in the year under review.

Introduced globally in 2016, NIVEA Deo Protect & Care proved to be the primary
growth driver in the deodorant category during the reporting year. Within just
a few months after its launch, this innovation had already achieved a strong
position in many key markets. NIVEA Deo Protect & Care is now available in
more than 100 countries and is achieving considerable growth rates. The deo-
dorant product range combines reliable 48-hour protection with gentle care
and the distinctive scent of NIVEA Creme.

A series of new products - including NIVEA Hairmilk Care Shampoo and Con-
ditioner, NIVEA Care Shower Silk Mousses, and the NIVEA Creme Care Facial
Cleansing range - boosted the proven “blue” skin care and innovation expertise
of our most important core brand during the year under review. Jointly, the
innovations launched in 2016 strengthen NIVEA’s uniform brand identity.

The all-purpose skin creams introduced in the previous year - NIVEA Care Creme
and NIVEA MEN Creme - have also recorded sustained high growth, making a
sizeable contribution to success of the business in 2016. With their outstanding
value for money, they have enabled us to attract new consumer groups to NIVEA
and inject significant momentum into the market.

MARKETS

Understanding consumers’ specific needs is essential to developing and
marketing products successfully. When it comes to consumers’ expectations of
products, there are sometimes major differences from region to region. Being
close to consumers at a local level is therefore crucial in order to incorporate
changing expectations into product development quickly and flexibly. This is
the only way to secure market share in the long term.


--- Page 3 ---

24

In the year under review, Beiersdorf continued to make targeted investments in
local development and production capacities in order to further improve the
company’s presence and impact in key emerging markets. In Sanand (India) for
example, we have substantially increased the number of manufactured products
and installed additional production lines just one year after opening the new
production facility. The increased production capacity is our response to greater
demand in the region for special product sizes such as small sachets.

Besides expanding our local presence we promoted digitalization across the
company in order to further strengthen our market positions and our relation-
ship with consumers. With a wide range of digital initiatives we are increasing
direct interaction with our consumers and reinforcing brand loyalty. In 2016,
Beiersdorf took a critical step in its digital transformation and can now display
and manage the “consumer journey” leading to a purchasing decision in an
integrated IT system on the NIVEA website. This has laid the foundation for
data-driven marketing and created new ways to personalize the website in real
time. The innovative concept of the NIVEA website, which turns assistance,
recommendations and online shopping into an individualized brand experience
for the user, had been rolled out in more than 20 countries by the end of the
reporting year. Targeted online marketing and excellent digital campaigns also
boosted the profile of our brands around the world. Thanks to our increased
digital activities and successful cooperation with online marketplaces, e-com-
merce sales were up significantly during the year under review, especially in the
important Chinese market.

Being close to consumers on a local as well as digital level is paying off all
around the world. At the end of 2016, emerging markets accounted for more
than half of sales in the Consumer Business Segment. Our consistently healthy
performance - in some cases with double-digit growth rates - in important
markets such as Russia, Brazil, Mexico, India, Korea, and South Africa is particu-
larly encouraging. At the same time we were able to further build on our strong
position in the established European and North American markets.

PEOPLE

The successes of the past year are first and foremost the achievement of our
committed employees. During the year under review, we further simplified our
processes and put the company ona considerably more efficient footing.

Beiersdorf’s culture of open feedback and dialog at eye level is put into practice
in our everyday work. Regular global “town hall meetings” for staff and other
local events offer employees worldwide a multitude of opportunities to discuss
directly and openly with members of the Executive Board and top management.
We also successfully continued our established “CEO Direct” talk format in the
reporting year, where the Chairman of the Executive Board takes questions
from employees on a specific focus issue.

For the fourth year in a row, the company carried out a global survey on em-
ployees’ motivation and level of satisfaction. In 2016, 94% (previous year: 93%)
of Beiersdorf staff took part. The results show that team cohesion and employee
engagement - two particularly important factors for business success - increased

further during the year under review. The feedback generated by the survey
serves as the basis for planning and implementing measures in the day-to-day
working environment. The aim is to further promote our open culture of dialog,
thereby achieving a lasting improvement in employees’ engagement and iden-
tification with Beiersdorf.

tesa Business Segment

The tesa Business Segment is an independent part of the Beiersdorf Group that
develops, produces, and markets self-adhesive products and system solutions
for industry, craft businesses, and consumers. Consistently high quality, ex-
ceptionally innovative thinking, and the use of state-of-the-art technology are
core elements of its brand philosophy and strategy. tesa’s priorities lie in finding
effective solutions and high-quality products with a focus on the following
customer groups:

© tesa primarily provides system solutions for the automotive, electronics,
printing and paper, and construction industries. In the electronics industry,
tesa’s adhesive systems are used in mobile devices such as smartphones,
tablet PCs, and MP3 players.

© tesa’s affiliate tesa Labtec GmbH develops and produces transdermal thera-
peutic systems, also called pharmaceutical plasters, for the pharmaceutical
industry. It also focuses on medicated oral films that dissolve in the mouth
without the need for additional fluids.

© tesa offers specialist dealers a broad and constantly expanding product
range that is continuously optimized and adapted to meet the changing
needs of customers in crafts businesses, including construction.

© The tesa umbrella brand provides consumers in Europe and Latin America
with a comprehensive range of innovative products for use in the home,
office, and garden. In addition to the classic tesafilm adhesive tape, these
include innovative solutions for insulation, painting and masking, repairing,
packaging, and mounting, as well as household insect-protection products.

© In the Craftsmen business area, tesa focuses on customized product ranges
for professional craftsmen, such as painters and varnishers.

Highly qualified employees and ongoing business process optimization enable
tesa to respond quickly and flexibly to market changes, to design new solutions
to problems, and to develop needs-based products. tesa’s knowledge of
production processes, analysis of current industry trends, and wide range of
high-quality, market-driven products provide competitive advantages, ensuring
the long-term success of the business segment.

Management and Control

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably
increasing its value. In addition to the functional areas of responsibility within
the Executive Board, there are regional areas of responsibility. The Executive
Board is closely involved in the company’s operational business in particular


--- Page 4 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Business and Strategy
Economic Environment

through the allocation of responsibilities for the regions and markets. A break-
down of the Executive Board’s areas of responsibility can be found in the chapter
“Beiersdorf AG Boards” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
The tesa Business Segment is managed as an independent subgroup.

Information on the remuneration of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as
well as on incentive and bonus systems is provided in the remuneration report,
which forms part of the Group Management Report. The Corporate Governance
Statement of Beiersdorf AG and the Group in accordance with §§ 289a and
315 (5) Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB) has been made
publicly available on the company’s website at WWwW.BEIERSDORF.COM/
CORPORATE_GOVERNANCE_STATEMENT. Additional information regarding man-
agement and control, the general management structure, and the Declaration
of Compliance in accordance with § 161 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corpora-
tion Act, AktG) is also provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

Value Management and Performance

Management System

The goal of Beiersdorf’s business activities is to sustainably increase the com-
pany’s market share by achieving qualitative growth and, at the same time, to
expand its earnings base. The long-term key performance indicators - organic
sales growth in conjunction with market share development, EBIT, and the EBIT
margin before special factors (the ratio of EBIT to sales) - are derived from this.
The aim is to generate internationally competitive returns through systematic
cost management and the highly efficient use of resources.

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet
these strategic goals. Corporate management derives business performance
targets for the individual units in the Group for the coming year from the
Group's strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and affili-
ates. Formal adoption by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of the
Group's planning for the following year is generally in the fall.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with target values and with
the current forecast for the year as a whole at regular intervals during the fiscal
year. These comparisons are used to manage the business in line with the objec-
tives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the Group.
It is also managed on the basis of sales growth, the operating result (EBIT), and
the EBIT margin.

In addition to the key financial performance indicators shown above, the
company employs a number of non-financial indicators that are described in
the chapters “Research and Development,” “Sustainability,” and “People at
Beiersdorf” of the Group Management Report.

25

Economic Environment

General Economic Situation

Subdued growth, muted investor sentiment, and only small increases in inter-
national trade volumes characterized the global economy in 2016. The general
political and economic uncertainty arising from geopolitical conflicts, the long-
term consequences of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union (Brexit),
and the future political direction of the United States weighed on economic
growth. Industrialized countries in particular saw growth slow somewhat over
the course of the year.

Economic growth in Europe in 2016 was slightly down on the previous year’s
level. The main factors supporting the economy were the positive performance
of the labor market and continuing low interest rates. Growth momentum was
dampened by high private debt and the general uncertainty of consumers and
investors concerning the risks of the European banking system and the long-
term consequences of Brexit.

Growth of economic output in Germany in 2016 was slightly up on the previous
year’s level. The key driving factors were the continued health of the labor market,
positive consumer sentiment, and higher public spending in connection with
refugee policy. After a strong start to the year, however, the German economy
lost some of its momentum over the second half. A volatile performance in the
industrial sector put the brakes on the sound growth.

Economic growth in the United States was moderate in 2016, particularly as a
result of declining capital investment. Growth was supported mainly by the
ongoing health of the labor market and consumer spending.

In Japan, the economy once again saw only moderate growth in 2016. A highly
expansionary monetary policy, a recovery in consumer confidence, and a slight
upturn in exports over the course of the year characterized the economic
situation.

The picture in the emerging markets was mixed. After a poor start to the year,
which led to turbulence on international stock markets and general uncertainty,
the economy in China gradually stabilized. Economic growth was slightly down
on the previous year’s level but remained within the government's target range.
Expansionary monetary policy, high infrastructure investment, and booming
demand in the real estate sector underpinned growth. However, the sharp rise
in lending and high indebtedness of state-owned companies continue to harbor
considerable risks. In India, reforms had a positive impact on economic per-
formance. Private and public sector consumption remained the key drivers of
growth. Meanwhile, continued weakness in exports and investment negatively
impacted the growth rate. Brazil remained in recession. This was primarily a result


--- Page 5 ---

26

of the difficult labor market situation, weak domestic demand, and declining
commodity prices. In Russia, the first signs of stabilization were evident in 2016.
This was due to the stabilization of the ruble, an inflation slowdown, a loosening
of monetary policy, and a strong revival in oil production. However, ongoing
international sanctions, weak income growth, and only modest consumer
spending continued to put a damper on economic performance.

Sales Market Trends

The global growth rate in the cosmetics market - the market relevant for
Beiersdorf - has slowed compared with the previous year. Growth impetus
came especially from the Asia and Africa regions. Most other markets saw only
moderate growth rates.

In the industrial sales markets relevant for tesa, 2016 was once again marked by
a generally positive sales market trend that resulted in sometimes significant
growth in all regions outside of Asia. As in the previous year, Eastern European
and Latin American countries were growth drivers, supported by an uptrend in
the tesa core regions of Germany and Western Europe. Business in Asia was
heavily influenced by the market situation: While the automotive industry saw
strong growth, the consumer electronics market remained under pressure.

Procurement Market Trends

Average raw material and packaging prices in 2016 were slightly lower than
in the previous year. The commodity environment was generally favorable,
especially concerning the oil price development. However, as the prices of the
refined materials and plastic resins are most strongly affected by supply and
demand in their respective markets, only a limited positive effect on procurement
costs emerged.

Some raw material market prices remained very robust. In particular the
markets for palm oil derivatives and for plastic resins on the European market
were resilient.

Overall Assessment of the Economic Environment
Macroeconomic growth in 2016 was positive, despite momentum slowing in the
course of the year. Growth in the global cosmetics market weakened and failed
to reach the previous year’s level. The Consumer Business Segment recorded
another increase in sales in this challenging economic environment.

The tesa Business Segment further increased its sales in 2016. While the market
for consumer electronics stagnated, the automotive industry performed well.
The US market also saw a positive trend and drove growth along with Europe.
At the same time, market conditions in China worsened as a result of the general
economic situation. The consumer market in Europe has seen further improve-
ment year-on-year.

CONSUMER SPENDING (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

3.2
2.6
2.0
1.6 1.71.6
0.4
a
Germany Eurozone USA Japan
-1.2 previous year

current year

GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

2.6
18 1.9
17 1.6 15
| | | 0.6 0.7
Germany — Eurozone USA Japan

previous year
current year

INFLATION RATE (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

1.3
0.8
0.2 a 0.2
- 0.1
| 0.0 aa

Germany Eurozone USA

Japan
-0.2

previous year
current year

*Commerzbank Research


--- Page 6 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Economic Environment 27
Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position

Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position
Results of Operations - Group
INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

2015 2016 Change in %*
Sales 6,686 6,752 1.0
Cost of goods sold -2,785 -2,774 -0.4
Gross profit 3,901 3,978 2.0
Marketing and selling expenses 2,430 2,407 -0.9
Research and development expenses -183 -188 2.6
General and administrative expenses -366 -364 -0.4
Other operating result (excluding special factors) 40 -4 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 962 1,015 5.5
Special factors - - -
Operating result (EBIT) 962 1,015 5.5
Financial result 6 25 -
Profit before tax 968 1,040 7.5
Income taxes -297 -313 5.3
Profit after tax

* Percentage changes are calculated based on thousands of euros.

SALES

Organic Group sales in 2016 were up 3.2% on the prior-year figure. The Consumer
Business Segment grew by 3.3%. tesa generated a sales increase of 2.6%.
Nominal Group sales rose by 1.0% as against the prior year to €6,752 million
(previous year: €6,686 million).

In Europe, organic sales were up 2.8% on the prior year. In nominal terms, sales
stood at €3,461 million (previous year: €3,447 million), 0.4% higher than the
prior-year figure.

Organic growth in the Americas amounted to 3.4%. In nominal terms, sales rose
0.7% to €1,252 million (previous year: €1,243 million).

The Africa/Asia/Australia region reported organic growth of 3.7%. In nominal
terms, growth of 2.2% to €2,039 million was recorded (previous year:
€1,996 million).

671 727 8.4

EXPENSES / OTHER OPERATING RESULT

Despite the increase in sales, the cost of goods sold declined by 0.4%. Especially
in the Consumer Business Segment, initiatives were successfully implemented
to enhance efficiency. Alongside reviews of the product range, these included
purchasing and logistics measures, and enabled significant cost savings to be
made. The continued favorable trend in commodity prices also had a positive
effect on costs. Meanwhile, exchange rate developments raised procurement
costs at several companies. Changes in the product and country mix also had a
slight negative effect on the growth of gross profit.

Thanks to the efficient use of resources, marketing and selling expenses were
reduced to €2,407 million (previous year: €2,430 million) without compromising
the support and competitiveness of the brands. This was achieved by optimizing
marketing expenses and improving the marketing mix. For example, initiatives
at the point of sale and support of our trading partners with their marketing
activities were reviewed and implemented in a more targeted manner.

GROUP SALES (IN € MILLION)

6,141 6,285 6,686 6,752

2013 2014 2015 2016

GROUP SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

30.2
Europe
51.3
Americas
18.5



--- Page 7 ---

28

We responded to the rapidly growing change in our consumers’ media behavior
by reallocating the marketing budget among the media in line with the new priori-
ties. The advertising and trade marketing expenses amounted to €1,496 million
(previous year: €1,529 million). We further expanded our market position by
investing in marketing and sales in a number of countries, especially in tesa
companies.

Research and development expenditure was increased to €188 million (previous
year: €183 million) in order to safeguard the future development of the Group.
At €364 million, general and administrative expenses were slightly down on
the previous year’s figure of €366 million.

The other operating result (excluding special factors) amounted to €-4 million
(previous year: €40 million). The decline was primarily attributable to lower
gains on disposals of plant and equipment compared with the previous year.

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT, EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS)

The Beiersdorf Group’s results of operations are determined on the basis of the
operating result (EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of IFRS
Standards and should be treated merely as voluntary additional information.
The special factors listed are one-time, non-operating transactions.

EBIT excluding special factors rose to €1,015 million (previous year: €962 million),
while the EBIT margin was 15.0% (previous year: 14.4%). The Consumer Business
Segment generated EBIT excluding special factors of €829 million (previous
year: €771 million); the EBIT margin reached 14.8% (previous year: 13.9%). EBIT
in the tesa Business Segment was €186 million (previous year: €191 million); the
EBIT margin was 16.2% (previous year: 16.8%).

The Group operating result before special factors in Europe was €607 million
(previous year: €618 million). The EBIT margin was 17.5% (previous year: 17.9%).
The operating result before special factors in the Americas amounted to
€127 million (previous year: €104 million). The EBIT margin was 10.2% (previous
year: 8.4%). In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted
to €281 million (previous year: €240 million). The EBIT margin was 13.8%
(previous year: 12.0%).

SPECIAL FACTORS
No special factors required recognition in the 2016 fiscal year or in the previous
year.

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT)
The operating result (EBIT) amounted to €1,015 million (previous year: €962 mil-
lion). This corresponds to an EBIT margin of 15.0% (previous year: 14.4%).

FINANCIAL RESULT

The financial result amounted to €25 million (previous year: €6 million). This
development was attributable to an increase in interest income from financial
assets and a decline in interest expenditure due to lower financial liabilities in
2016 and the interest expenditure associated with a tax reassessment in the pre-
vious year. A year-on-year increase in the other financial result also improved
the position.

INCOME TAXES
Income taxes amounted to €313 million (previous year: €297 million). The tax
rate was 30.1% (previous year: 30.7%).

PROFIT AFTER TAX
Profit after tax increased to €727 million (previous year: €671 million); the return
on sales after tax was 10.8% (previous year: 10.0%).

EARNINGS PER SHARE - DIVIDENDS

Earnings per share were €3.13 (previous year: €2.91). These figures were cal-
culated on the basis of the weighted number of shares bearing dividend rights
(226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose a
dividend of €0.70 per no-par value share bearing dividend rights to the Annual
General Meeting (previous year: €0.70). For further information on the number,
type, and notional value of the shares, please refer to Note 17 “Share Capital” in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

GROUP EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

814 861 962 1,015

2013 2014 2015 2016

GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

537 581 671 727

2013 2014 2015 2016



--- Page 8 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 29

Results of Operations - Business Segments
CONSUMER

SALES - CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT

Europe Americas Africa /Asia/ Australia Total
Sales 2016 (in € million) 2,801 1,078 1,727 5,606
Sales 2015 (in € million) 2,816 1,076 1,654 5,546
Change (organic) (in %) 2.0 2.9 57 33
Change (nominal) Cin %) -0.6 0.2 44 11

Sales by the Consumer Business Segment grew organically by 3.3% in 2016. The
strong euro versus the previous year led to a reduction of 2.2 percentage points
in this figure as a result of negative effects from currency translation. In nominal
terms, sales therefore increased by 1.1% to €5,606 million (previous year:
€5,546 million).

The healthy organic sales trend is proof of the systematic implementation of our
business strategy, the Blue Agenda. Thanks to the appeal of our innovations and
outstanding marketing concepts, we further cemented our strong position in
the saturated markets and increased our market share in the emerging markets,
where we achieved double-digit rates of sales growth in some cases. Our three
core brands, NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie, once again produced encouraging
- sometimes very encouraging - growth rates.

NIVEA achieved global organic growth of 3.8% in 2016. The key growth drivers
were NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Shower, and the NIVEA All-Purpose Creams. In the
NIVEA Deo category, the successful global launch of NIVEA Protect & Care made
a particular contribution. NIVEA Black & White and NIVEA Fresh also performed
especially well again. NIVEA Active Clean and NIVEA Creme Smooth, which were
rolled out in the previous year, were significant growth drivers for NIVEA Shower.
The growth in NIVEA All-Purpose Creams was fueled first and foremost by
NIVEA Care Creme, which we launched in the previous year. NIVEA MEN Creme
also saw a very positive trend.

Overall, NIVEA maintained its strong position despite a difficult market environ-
ment, and expanded its share in many markets and categories. In the NIVEA Deo
category, we extended our market share particularly in Germany, Australia, and

South Africa. In our NIVEA MEN category, growth in Germany, Poland, and Japan
had a significant positive impact on our market share. In the NIVEA Face cate-
gory, we saw negative market share trends particularly in Germany, Italy, and
France. At the country level, especially good growth in market share was
achieved in South Africa, Australia, and Japan. A negative trend was seen
particularly in Italy and the United Kingdom.

Our Eucerin brand generated organic growth of 1.5%. The Eucerin Sun category
made a particularly strong contribution to this positive performance. Sales
performance was especially encouraging in Germany, Italy, and Korea.

In the exclusive cosmetics segment, our La Prairie brand recorded an organic
increase in sales of 5.5%. The Skin Caviar Collection, with its core range
(especially Skin Caviar Liquid Lift) and the new product introduction of Skin
Caviar Essence-in-Lotion, made particular contributions to growth. Another
strong growth driver was the launch of the new Cellular Radiance Perfecting
Fluide Pure Gold. Sales in the travel retail business, and in China, Australia, and
the United Kingdom developed especially well.

Strong earnings in the markets of Western Europe and North America enjoyed
a further boost. Results in the emerging markets also improved considerably.
Increased investments led the company to losses in just a small number of
countries.

EBIT excluding special factors was €829 million (previous year: €771 million),
while the corresponding EBIT margin increased to 14.8% (previous year: 13.9%).

CONSUMER SALES (IN € MILLION)

5,103 5,209 5,546 5,606

2013 2014 2015 2016

CONSUMER EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

638 678 771 829

2013 2014 2015 2016



--- Page 9 ---

30

EUROPE

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE

Western Europe Eastern Europe

Sales 2016 (in € million) 2,262 539 2,801
Sales 2015 (in € million) 2,281 535 2,816
Change (organic) in) 1.0 6.6 2.0
Change (nominal) in) -0.8 0.6 -0.6

In Europe, organic sales were up 2.0% on the previous year. In nominal terms,
sales declined by 0.6% to €2,801 million (previous year: €2,816 million).

In Western Europe, sales were up 1.0% on the previous year. There was good
growth particularly in Germany, Spain, and the United Kingdom. However, sales
in Switzerland and France did not repeat their prior-year performance. Sales of
NIVEA Deo performed encouragingly well. Eucerin sales also moved upwards
and La Prairie recorded excellent growth.

AMERICAS

Sales in Eastern Europe rose by 6.6%. Growth was driven primarily by the very
healthy trend in Russia. Double-digit growth rates were also achieved in
Kazakhstan and Ukraine. We recorded sound growth in Poland, too. In Serbia,
on the other hand, sales were down on the previous year. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA
Face, and NIVEA MEN in particular performed very well. La Prairie saw strong
growth in the region. In contrast, Eucerin did not reach the previous year’s level.

CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS

North America Latin America Total

Cin € million) 432

Sales 2016 646 1,078
Sales 2015 (in € million) 426 650 1,076
Change (organic) in) 16 37 2.9
Change (nominal) in) 14 -0.7 0.2

Organic sales in the Americas region increased by 2.9%. At €1,078 million,
nominal sales were up 0.2% on the previous year (€1,076 million) due to
changes in the exchange rates of key South American currencies.

Sales in North America were up 1.6% on the previous year. NIVEA All-Purpose
Creams and NIVEA MEN performed very well. Aquaphor also saw very good
growth in the region. Eucerin and La Prairie virtually repeated their prior-year
performance.

Sales in Latin America rose 3.7%, fueled by high - in some cases very high -
growth rates in Brazil, Mexico, and Columbia. However, growth in the region was
negatively impacted by developments in Argentina. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Shower,
and NIVEA All-Purpose Creams in particular performed very well. In contrast,
Eucerin did not match the previous year’s sales.

CONSUMER SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/ Australia

30.8
Europe
50.0
Americas
19.2

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)

2,787 2,799 2,816 2,801

2013 2014 2015 2016



--- Page 10 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 31

AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

Total

Sales 2016 (in € million) 1,727
Sales 2015 (in € million) 1,654
Change (organic) (in) 5.7
Change (nominal) Cin %) 44

The Africa/Asia/Australia region recorded a 5.7% increase in organic sales. In
nominal terms, sales rose 4.4% to €1,727 million (previous year: €1,654 million).

tesa

The continued very strong growth in Japan, South Africa, India, Korea, and
Australia was the basis for the sales performance. China, however, did not reach
the prior-year level. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA All-Purpose Creams, and NIVEA Shower
in particular performed very well. Eucerin and La Prairie also experienced very
good growth.

SALES - tesa BUSINESS SEGMENT

Europe Americas Africa /Asia/ Australia Total
Sales 2016 (in € million) 660 174 312 1,146
Sales 2015 (in € million) 631 167 342 1,140
Change (organic) (in %) 6.2 67 -6.0 26
Change (nominal) Cin %) 4.6 4.2 -8.7 0.6

Organic sales by the tesa Business Segment were up 2.6% on the previous year.
Exchange rate effects reduced this growth by 1.8 percentage points and struc-
tural effects by 0.2 percentage points. In nominal terms, sales therefore rose by
0.6% to €1,146 million (previous year: €1,140 million). EBIT declined to €186 million
(previous year: €191 million). The EBIT margin was 16.2% (previous year: 16.8%).

tesa INDUSTRIAL BUSINESS

Industrial business sales at tesa grew organically by 2.0%. Business in Eastern
Europe and the Americas generated strong growth, while sales in Asia, which
are primarily generated from project business, continued to be weak. In nominal
terms, sales decreased by 0.1% to €853 million (previous year: €854 million).
The share of the Industrial Business in total sales was 74.4% (previous year:
74.9%).

tesa developed and introduced many new products for applications in the
electronics industry. These included tesa® 757xx reinforced Ac Foam Tape, a
high-performance adhesive tape with viscoelastic material properties, which
make it particularly effective at absorbing shocks. Despite continuous product
development, growth slowed as a result of the widespread saturation of the
smartphone market. Nevertheless, tesa achieved good successes among the
growing number of Chinese manufacturers. Adhesive tapes for wearable
devices such as smart watches are a new growth driver. These must be able to
withstand cosmetics, sweat, and other challenges.

tesa is continuously expanding its global market position in the automotive
sector. Double-sided, adhesive, viscoelastic foam products based on ACXplus
technology were particularly successful, along with environmentally friendly

CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)

950 973 1,076 1,078

2013 2014 2015 2016

CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/ AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)

1,366 1,437 1,654 1,727

2013 2014 2015 2016



--- Page 11 ---

32

high-performance adhesive tapes for cable harnesses. Masking systems for
two-tone painting also contributed to a good performance.

In the printing and paper business, tesa has successfully launched enhanced
products for the printing of flexible packaging. A new product line featuring
highly flexible adhesive tapes was added to the range. tesa continues to set the
standards for flying splices in offset printing. The optimized tesa EasySplice”
adhesive tapes offer the utmost in process reliability even with fluctuations in
temperature and humidity or difficult paper types.

The pharmaceuticals business achieved further successes in contract manu-
facturing of medicated plasters. A tesa customer launched two such plasters on
the market in 14 European countries. With the auditing of tesa Labtec GmbH by
the US Food and Drug Administration, tesa also achieved an important mile-
stone in its efforts to tap the US market. It established a new packaging plant to
meet the growth targets it has planned accordingly.

With tesa scribos®, tesa offers comprehensive, customized solutions designed for
more than 20 industries to protect against counterfeits and manipulation. It also
gained a new major customer in this area, who now uses a global, comprehensive
anti-counterfeit system including product tracking and customer loyalty features.
tesa scribos® has also successfully introduced the newly developed verification
label, tesa VeoMark® L, with integrated QR code. Furthermore, tesa is working on
other innovative brand protection solutions, particularly for the food industry.

In the Building Supply business area, double-sided adhesive tapes were the
main driver of tesa’s growth and expanding customer base. By focusing on inte-
rior decoration, the new ACXplus products for glass partition walls, designed to
avoid sticking to the sides, and ACXplus products for leaf-concealing doors
attracted new customers. The products give designers more freedom and
contribute to a modern, clean visual appearance. tesa continues to focus on
demanding exterior applications such as facades, windows, and front doors
with particularly weather-resistant, durable, double-sided products.

The company again expanded the industrial distribution business, outperform-
ing the overall market. Technically demanding adhesive tapes were the primary
growth drivers, contributing to a positive sales trend in all regions. Activity
focused on expanding the dealer network in Asia and North America. tesa also
strengthened its existing partnerships in Europe.

tesa CONSUMER BUSINESS

The consumer products and professional craftsmen business, which is focused
on Europe and Latin America, performed well, with organic sales growth of 5.4%.
In nominal terms, sales improved by 4.4% to €275 million (previous year:
€264 million). As a result, the consumer business contributed 24.1% (previous
year: 23.1%) of total sales by the tesa Business Segment in the year under review.

tesa strengthened its market position in the strategic business areas and in all
regions making up the Consumer & Craftsmen segment. This applied to its DIY
solutions and products for the office supplies and stationery sector in the con-
sumer business as well as to its offering for professional craftsmen in the Crafts-
men business area. The positive trend was thanks not least to the continued
branding campaign in Germany and eight other European countries, which
boosted awareness of tesa and further lifted sales.

The Powerstrips and Powerbond double-sided mounting solutions were par-
ticularly effective at generating growth. In Germany, the new range comprises
48 innovative products such as adhesive, adjustable nails and screws for various
surfaces and applications, and new Powerstrips for wallpaper. tesa has devel-
oped the products based on extensive market research and patented them.
Customers are choosing the clever mounting systems for their special advan-
tages over conventional screws and nails.

In the Craftsmen business area, the additional focus on the building materials
trade paid off. tesa also continued the successful training scheme for profes-
sional painters in cooperation with specialist suppliers. The company expanded
its product range for this group, including new tapes for painters and plasterers.

tesa SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/ Australia

27.2
Europe
57.6
Americas
15.2

tesa SALES (IN € MILLION)

1,038 1,076 1,140 1,146

2013 2014 2015 2016

tesa EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

176 183 191 186

2013 2014 2015 2016



--- Page 12 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 33
Net Assets - Group
NET ASSETS (IN € MILLION)
Assets Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2016
Non-current assets 2,685 3,297
Inventories 772 739
Other current assets 2,498 2,665
Cash and cash equivalents 918 872
6,873 7,573
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2016
Equity 4,201 4,677
Non-current provisions 655 802
Non-current liabilities 91 58
Current provisions 419 440
Current liabilities 1,507 1,596
6,873 7,573

Non-current assets increased by €612 million to €3,297 million (previous year:
€2,685 million). Long-term securities were reclassified to current assets due
to shorter maturities, and new purchases were made. Long-term securities
increased by €594 million to €1,891 million (previous year: €1,297 million).
Capital expenditure on property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets
amounted to €162 million (previous year: €249 million). Of this amount, €113 mil-
lion (previous year: €135 million) related to the Consumer Business Segment
and €49 million (previous year: €114 million) to the tesa Business Segment.
Following the completion of major investment projects in the previous year
(new Consumer and tesa plants and the new tesa headquarters), investment in
2016 primarily related to replacement and rationalization. Group depreciation,
amortization, and impairment losses amounted to €148 million (previous year:
€129 million). Inventories fell by €33 million to €739 million (previous year:
€772 million). The consistently implemented measures to optimize working
capital made a major contribution to this trend. Other current assets increased
to €2,665 million (previous year: €2,498 million). This item includes short-term
securities of €958 million (previous year: €858 million). Trade receivables rose
by €35 million to €1,293 million (previous year: €1,258 million). Income tax
receivables increased by €8 million to €108 million, while other current assets
decreased by €4 million to €163 million.

Cash and cash equivalents declined to €872 million (previous year: €918 million).
Net liquidity (cash, cash equivalents, and long- and short-term securities less
current liabilities to banks) increased by €672 million to €3,708 million (pre-
vious year: €3,036 million). Current liabilities to banks fell by €24 million to
€13 million (previous year: €37 million).

Total non-current provisions and liabilities increased year-on-year to €860 mil-
lion (previous year: €746 million). This was primarily attributable to the increase
in provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits to €706 million
(previous year: €574 million) due to the substantial fall in the discount rate.
There was a related fall in deferred tax liabilities to €55 million (previous year:
€88 million). Total current provisions and liabilities rose by €110 million to
€2,036 million (previous year: €1,926 million) as a result of an increase in trade
payables due to operational factors. The equity ratio increased to 62% (previous
year: 61%). Non-current liabilities accounted for 11% (previous year: 11%) and
current liabilities for 27% (previous year: 28%).

FINANCING STRUCTURE (IN %)

61 1 28
2 De
62 1 27
2 De

mm Equity Non-current liabilities mam Current liabilities



--- Page 13 ---

34

Financial Position - Group

CASH FLOW STATEMENT - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

2015 2016
Gross cash flow 770 859
Change in net current assets 30 83
Net cash flow from operating activities 800 942
Net cash flow from investing activities 655 -764
Free cash flow 145 178
Net cash flow from financing activities -210 -233
Other changes 7 9
Net change in cash and cash equivalents -58 -46
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 976 918
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31 918 872

Gross cash flow amounted to €859 million in the period under review, up
€89 million on the prior-year value.

The change in net current assets led to an inflow of €83 million (previous year:
€30 million). The €48 million rise in receivables and other assets was offset by
a €98 million increase in trade payables and current provisions as well as a
€33 million decline in inventories as a result of the measures taken to reduce
working capital (particularly in the Consumer Business Segment).

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €764 million in the
period under review (previous year: €655 million). Interest and other financial
income received of €65 million and proceeds of €8 million from the sale of
intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment were offset by net cash
outflows of €675 million for the purchase of securities as well as capital expen-
diture of €162 million for property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets.

Free cash flow was €178 million, up €33 million on the prior-year value
(€145 million). The net cash outflow of €233 million from financing activities
(previous year: €210 million) mainly comprised the Beiersdorf AG dividend
payment of €159 million, and interest and other financing expenses paid in the
amount of €49 million.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €872 million (previous year:
€918 million).

FINANCING AND LIQUIDITY PROVISION

The primary goal of financial management at Beiersdorf is to safeguard liquidity.
Hedging currency, interest rate and default risks, and investing liquid assets are
also at the heart of financial management activities. The type and volume of
transactions are in line with the Group’s basic operating and financial business.
Scenarios and rolling 12-month cash flow planning are used to establish liquidity
requirements. Details on financial risk management can be found in the notes to
the balance sheet, Note 27.

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Economic Position
Business developments in 2016 show that Beiersdorf is on the right track. The
Group’s two business segments performed well. Group sales stood at
€6,752 million (previous year: €6,686 million). Organic growth amounted to
3.2% (previous year: 3.0%). EBIT excluding special factors reached €1,015 mil-
lion (previous year: €962 million). The EBIT margin excluding special factors was
15.0% (previous year: 14.4%).

The Consumer Business Segment made successful progress thanks to the
systematic implementation of the business strategy, which is based on the
Blue Agenda. This strategic compass aims to make Beiersdorf more competitive
and to enhance its economic success. Its success can be seen particularly in
the performance recorded by the emerging markets and the launch of new,
high-selling products.

The tesa Business Segment expanded its business both in the industrial markets
and in the consumer business. However, the weak performance of the project
business in Asia continued.


--- Page 14 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 35

Research and Development

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND FORECAST BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Forecast for 2016
2015 Annual Report

Sales growth (organic)

Forecast for 2016 Forecast for 2016
H12016 Report 9M 2016 Quarterly Statement Result in 2016

Consumer (in %) 3-4 3-4 3-4 3.3
tesa (in) 2-4 slightly above prior year _ slightly above prior year 2.6
Group (in %) 3-4 3-4 3-4 3.2

EBIT margin (excluding special factors)

slightly above prior

slightly above prior significantly above

Consumer (ing) year (13.9) year (13.9) prior year (13.9) 148
at prior-year level slightly below prior significantly below

tesa (ing) (16.8) year (16.8) prior year (16.8) 16.2
slightly above prior slightly above prior significantly above

Group (ing) year (14.4) year (14.4) prior year (14.4) 15.0

At 3.3%, sales growth in the Consumer Business Segment was within the target
range of 3-4% that was forecast for fiscal year 2016. This growth came from
both the saturated markets and growth markets, and from all regions. The
operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and EBIT margin in fiscal year
2016 were significantly higher than in the previous year and exceeded the
original forecast.

The tesa Business Segment again recorded a positive performance in the past
fiscal year. tesa was on target with sales growth of 2.6%. The operating result
(EBIT, excluding special factors) and EBIT margin in the 2016 fiscal year were
down on the previous year.

Judgments by Management

No accounting policies were applied and no related options were exercised in
the consolidated financial statements that differ from those in prior years and
that, if applied or exercised differently, would have had a material effect on the
results of operations, net assets, and financial position. Information on the
effects of the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments by management
can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Research and Development

Beiersdorf’s expertise in the area of research and development has been driving
the company’s success for more than 130 years.

© The Consumer Business Segment develops innovative, high-quality skin care
products that are tailored to the needs and wishes of consumers worldwide.

© The tesa Business Segment works on high-performance self-adhesive system
and product solutions, and is a world leader in its field.

At the end of 2016, 1,178" people were employed in Beiersdorf’s Research and
Development area (previous year: 1,108). Of this total, 702* (previous year: 637)
worked in the Consumer Business Segment and 476 (previous year: 471) in the
tesa Business Segment.

* The year-on-year change is primarily the result of internal restructuring.

Consumer

LEADING SKIN CARE EXPERTISE

Beiersdorf has built its global reputation ona strong tradition in skin care exper-
tise. Leading skin care research and development are the basis of our innovative
success and the superior products we provide our consumers.

In the year under review, Beiersdorf research progressed in fundamental ques-
tions of skin metabolism, focusing especially on the aging process. Our research
activities in this field aim to further understand skin aging and identify new
routes to skin care solutions that effectively reduce age-induced skin changes.

One major cause of skin aging is the decline in cell energy metabolism. Ever
since our discovery of the coenzyme Q10 for skin care, Beiersdorf has pursued
supplementation and stimulation of the energy metabolism as a well-tolerated
option for addressing signs of skin aging. To push progress further, Beiersdorf
cooperates with the “Center for Free-Electron Laser Science” (CFEL) at the
University of Hamburg. In a recent project, researchers developed a computer-
based simulation technique that will enable a better understanding of the
fundamental processes of cellular energy production, including cell degeneration
during aging. Future work will focus on translating the simulation findings into
new products with a stronger impact on the stimulation of cellular energy.

Researchers at Beiersdorf are also exploring skin of diabetics because impor-
tant conclusions about skin aging processes in general can be drawn from the
cellular processes of diabetic skin. In collaboration with the Universities of
Heidelberg and Hanover, our researchers elucidated the pivotal role of the
reduced activity of the enzyme glyoxalase in key functional deficits of diabetic
skin. With this reduced enzyme activity, the natural ability of the epidermal
keratinocyte skin cells to detoxify declines, which eventually impedes the
regeneration of nerves in the skin. The sensory impairment and defective skin
structure this causes are phenomena observed both in diabetic and in aged
skin. This insight will form a basis for future product development targeting the
recovery of diabetic and aging skin.


--- Page 15 ---

36

Change in skin pigmentation is another aspect of skin aging. In the year under
review, a collaborative research program with the Laboratory of Cell Biology at
the National Cancer Institute of the U.S. National Institutes of Health revealed
that age spots are rooted in a dysregulation of the keratinocytes. This finding of
the collaborative research disproved the traditional belief of excessive melanin
production as the root cause of age spots and can lead to more effective
products addressing age spots.

Beiersdorf Research and Development was also working on improving deodorant
effectiveness. To offer mild yet effective products that are well tolerated, we
screened and evaluated a wide range of novel antimicrobial agents that control
malodor-causing bacteria in the axilla. This led to the identification of an
ingredient which proved to have good skin tolerability and the ability to reduce
malodor significantly even for 48 hours. With this discovery Beiersdorf is setting
superior standards in terms of antimicrobial effectiveness of deodorants.

Product safety and tolerability are of utmost importance for Beiersdorf. An
essential part of our responsible research and development work is therefore to
continuously refine the portfolio of safety test methods. In 2016, substantial
progress was made in measuring the penetration of substances into the skin.
Beiersdorf contributes intensively to the major initiative of the European
Cosmetic Industry Association (Cosmetics Europe). In the year under review, a
collaborative research team demonstrated the validity of the in vitro model
for the prediction of human skin penetration of substances. This model is
approved as a test method by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD).

WE OPEN INNOVATION

Since 2016, all Open Innovation activities of Beiersdorf are gathered under the
umbrella “Pearlfinders - We Open Innovation.” In addition to maintaining and
strengthening our innovation network and strategic partnerships with leading
research institutes, universities, and suppliers, Beiersdorf has systematically
expanded its activities in this area over the past years and continued to do so
during the year under review.

Since 2011, one of the central elements of our innovation strategy is the Open
Innovation platform “Trusted Network,” where Beiersdorf scientists exchange
ideas with external experts on concrete technical challenges. Another tool is the
global network “Innoget.” In the year under review, Beiersdorf extended its
collaboration with the platform and established its own profile on the Innoget
portal to make further contacts in the scientific community and in industry within
a protected environment. Other formats operating under Pearlfinders are, for
example, in-house events like the “Supplier Fair” and the “Formulation Academy.”
At these events, selected innovation partners present trends in technology and
other ideas. Beiersdorf has a long and successful tradition in setting up partner-
ships. To date, we have cooperated with more than 500 external partners in a
large number of projects.

EXCHANGE OF MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE

Beiersdorf established during the year under review an independent institution
that is devoted to the continuing and advanced training of physicians: the
Professor P. G. Unna Akademie. By opening the academy, we are working to
intensify the dialog between research and medical practice, thereby constantly
increasing treatment successes for patients. For this, a wide range of product-
neutral and need-oriented education courses is being offered. An independent
committee whose membership changes annually oversees the academy, identi-
fies training needs and sets the thematic direction of the continuing education
courses.

CLOSE TO CONSUMERS AND MARKETS

At Beiersdorf, closeness to consumers is an indispensable prerequisite for the
development of new products. Our approach is to gain in-depth knowledge of
the varying needs and customs of our consumers in the different regions and
integrate their specific demands into all steps of our innovation process, from
idea creation to post-launch assessment. Our regional Research and Develop-
ment laboratories allow us to launch products catering to local needs and enable
a fast and precise response to market changes.

In the year under review, Beiersdorf conducted about 1,900 studies with approx-
imately 45,000 participants across all regions. Based on regional consumer
tests we customize product formulas and design specific packaging solutions.
As a result of our regional Research and Development efforts, several new
products were introduced to the local markets in the year under review, includ-
ing the following examples:

© In Latin America, Beiersdorf developed the high-quality NIVEA Creme Care
Soap with a caring formula customized for the Brazilian market. The launch
strengthened NIVEA as a caring brand in the locally important shower soap
segment. Beiersdorf also launched a body lotion with sun protection factor
(SPF) 15. This body lotion was developed in our laboratory in Silao (Mexico)
and targets the demand by the Mexican market for body products with SPF
due to high sun exposure in daily life.

© For the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, we introduced the body
lotion range NIVEA Skin Delight, which has formulas with rose and lavender
scent. The body lotions address the regional consumer wish for rich and
caring formulas with delicate fragrances.

© Our development laboratory in Wuhan (China) developed the NIVEA MEN Oil
Control series that responds to the specific skin needs of Asian men. Also for
the Chinese market, we developed the efficacious NIVEA Make Up Clear,
which is specially adapted to remove long-lasting and waterproof make-up.

INNOVATIONS

The Consumer Business Segment filed patents for 47 innovations in the year
under review (previous year: 61) and its products repeatedly set significant new
market trends. In 2016, the key innovations included the following:


--- Page 16 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Research and Development

O NIVEA Deo Protect & Care encompasses a new range of products in the
deodorants and antiperspirants segment. The innovative products combine
effective 48-hour protection with the ingredients of NIVEA Creme. They are
characterized by the unique NIVEA scent and are mild and well-tolerated by
the delicate underarm skin.

O NIVEA Cellular Anti-Age Volume Filling Pearls actively counteracts signs of
aging skin. The patented pearls formula is based on the highest concentra-
tion of hyaluronic acid within the NIVEA Face Care range, plus creatine and a
“collagen booster” (in vitro evidence). The new product actively improves
the regeneration processes of the skin for more firmness and elasticity.

© With NIVEA Creme Care Facial Cleansing, Beiersdorf has introduced cleans-
ing products that combine mild and caring, but thorough cleansing. The
cleansing products come in three different application formats: milk, cream,
and wipes. They contain selected ingredients as well as the scent of the
NIVEA Creme and are suitable for all skin types.

© For effective sun protection, Beiersdorf introduced a new application:
NIVEA Sun Protection Roll-On. The roll-on is easy to handle and offers a
quick application of sun protection on the skin. The product has a fast-
absorbing, non-sticky formula, which works immediately and ensures
reliable, highly effective UVA and UVB protection.

© In Europe, Beiersdorf relaunched the NIVEA MEN Active Energy series and
extended it with additional products. One of them is NIVEA MEN Active
Energy Morning Fix Face Gel, which relies on an innovative micropigment
technology to reduce the effects of tiredness and delivers a fresh skin feeling.

© The NIVEA Professional product series was strengthened with a relaunch of
existing products and new line extensions. The product line offers premium
products to counteract signs of skin aging. Consisting of four sublines, the
products include optimally dosed ingredients such as vitamins E and C,
hyaluronic acid and Bioxilift®.

°

With NIVEA Care Shower Silk Mousse, Beiersdorf entered a new sub-
segment in the shower category. Three variants of the shower mousses are
offered based on an extra-mild formula with silk extracts. The creamy foam
of the mousses delivers a silky skin feeling.

© NIVEA Hairmilk Care Shampoo and Conditioner are designed for dry hair
and stand for mild, rich hair care. They contain milk proteins, macadamia oil
and Eucerit”, which is also used in NIVEA Creme. The products enrich the hair
without weighing it down.

© The Eucerin Elasticity+Filler range is developed for mature skin that suffers
from deep wrinkles and decreasing elasticity. The formulas with ingredients
like silymarin, hyaluronic acid and argan oil nourish and strengthen fragile
skin and plump up wrinkles.

© ABC Heat Plaster 4.8 mg contains capsaicin from natural chili, is extra thin
and has a backing of 100% viscose. The plaster offers long-lasting pain relief
while ensuring high wearing comfort so that the user can actively move and
thereby supports the healing process.

37

© The Cellular Radiance Perfecting Fluide Pure Gold by La Prairie contains an
exclusive combination of pure gold, golden reflecting agents, and collagen-
boosting peptide. The fluid calms the skin’s appearance and imparts a fine
finish. Over the long term, skin firmness is improved and the texture con-
tinuously smoothed.

© La Prairie also further expanded its successful Skin Caviar Collection with the
Skin Caviar Essence-in-Lotion. Leaving the skin refined and perfectly mois-
turized, the lotion offers an ideal opening and improvement of the daily skin
care ritual.

tesa

STRUCTURAL ADHESIVES

tesa brought a new focus to research and development in 2016 with structural
adhesives. This technology offers especially high bonding strengths, which
are achieved using an additional curing step. The application of heat or other
processes trigger chemical reactions in the adhesive process that increases
strength. High-performance tapes based on these technologies are now making
inroads into areas that have previously used traditional joining techniques such
as screws, rivets, and welding.

ROBUST MOUNTING OF BATTERIES

In the year under review, tesa also worked to develop adhesive tapes for new
battery designs. This involves combining battery cells into flexible battery
packs, depending on the planned application and capacity. The battery packs
are held firmly together using adhesive tape and no longer require a fixed
frame. The strong adhesion is unaffected by the inevitable expansion and con-
traction of the batteries during operation or by temperature fluctuations of the
battery modules.

BARRIER TAPES FOR FLEXIBLE DISPLAYS

In 2016, tesa also continued to develop technologies for barrier tapes with
exceptionally high resistance to humidity. These tapes enable sufficient aging
resistance for flexible OLED (organic light-emitting diode) displays and lights.
Among others, research in the year under review concentrated on improving
the barrier effect to humidity.

ADHESIVE MASSES FOR TECHNOLOGICAL PROGRESS.

tesa also achieved successes in 2016 in the development of new adhesive masses
to meet changing requirements. One example of such a requirement is the need
for even greater adhesive strength on problematic surfaces, such as dirt-repel-
lant car finishes or the very non-polar plastics used in the electronics industry.
Targeted composition of polymer chains for acrylate-based adhesive masses
plays an important role here. To this end, tesa enhanced existing polymerization
processes and combined them with new technologies. A new pilot facility for
this process successfully entered operation in Norderstedt in 2016.

For more information on research and development at Beiersdorf, please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/RESEARCH.


--- Page 17 ---

38

Sustainability

At Beiersdorf, “Care” is not only a vital part of our core business, but also
one of our Core Values. It describes our responsibility towards people and the
environment. Sustainability is an active part of our corporate culture with deep,
strategic roots in all our business processes.

Consumer

Beiersdorf’s “We care.” sustainability strategy gives the company a clear focus
on responsible growth. We have defined commitments for the three focus areas
“Products,” “Planet,” and “People,” which we aim to fulfill by 2020.

We address the topics covered by our sustainability strategy with our stake-
holders, especially our employees, suppliers, and consumers, as well as non-
governmental organizations. We work closely with these groups to find the
best solutions for achieving our goals. Our stakeholder engagement thus fully
complements our strategy across the three areas: “Products,” “Planet,” and
“People.”

We regularly review our progress using environmental and social performance
indicators to ensure that our commitment is far-reaching, has a long-term
impact, and supports the objectives of our business strategy, the Blue Agenda.

We have already exceeded one of our long-term sustainability goals of 2011:
CO, emissions per product sold have been cut sharply. As a result, we have
reached our objective well before the target date of 2020. We are therefore
currently formulating a new, ambitious climate target for the “Planet” area
based on the recommendations of the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris
in 2015 (COP21) with the assistance of WWF Germany. Our 2020 targets for the
“Products” and “People” areas are:

© to generate 50% of our sales from products with a significantly reduced
environmental impact (base year 2011), and

© to reach and improve the lives of one million families (base year 2013).

We pushed ahead with measures throughout the company during the year
under review in order to achieve our sustainability commitments on schedule.

PRODUCTS

Beiersdorf has a long tradition in manufacturing high-quality skin care products.
We want to sustainably manufacture reliable products in future, too, and are
making continual enhancements to minimize negative impacts on the environ-
ment throughout the entire product life cycle.

During the year under review, our Research and Development defined criteria
for assessing the sustainability of raw materials, which will be applied when
developing new formulas in future. The criteria, which include the use of raw
materials certified as sustainable and renewable energy in raw material pro-
duction, will enable the environmental compatibility of our products to be
optimized at an early stage.

Besides the integration of sustainability aspects in the innovation process,
Beiersdorf also works constantly to optimize existing products. Since the start
of 2016, for example, all our skin care products worldwide have been free of
polyethylene particles. We have replaced these with more environmentally
friendly alternatives: a mixture of microcrystalline cellulose and silicon dioxide
particles or castor wax.

Beiersdorf has also made progress in transitioning to sustainable palm (kernel)
oil. Our aim is to use only ingredients from proven sustainable sources (Certified
Sustainable Palm Kernel Oil). By 2020, we intend to switch the respective
ingredients to segregated or at least mass-balanced palm (kernel) oil and
corresponding derivatives. Until the transition is complete, we will offset the
share of raw materials that have not yet been converted with “GreenPalm”
certificates. We have already sourced nine mass-balanced palm-oil-based raw
materials in the year under review, meaning that already over 25% of our palm-
oil-based raw materials now come from certified sources. In 2016, Beiersdorf
also achieved multisite certification in accordance with the supply chain certifi-
cation standard defined by the “Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil” (RSPO).
We also remain a member of the “Forum Nachhaltiges Palmél” (Forum for
Sustainable Palm Oil, FONAP).

Our packaging development is continually reducing the use of materials without
compromising robustness or quality. The entire packaging life cycle offers
potential savings, including energy-efficient production technologies, reduction
in transport, and minimization of waste. Packing reductions achieved in 2016
included cross-brand implementation of a smaller tube cap for NIVEA Hand,
atrix, and Florena. We also reduced the use of materials for the NIVEA glass jar.

PLANET

As a global company, we are addressing the depletion of resources around the
world and the acceleration of climate change. We therefore consistently pro-
mote responsible energy and resource use along the entire value chain and
work with all stakeholders to improve resource efficiency.

Choosing green electricity is an important aspect of our sustainable approach
to resources. Our factory in Tres Cantos (Spain) has been using electricity from
renewable sources since 2014. All German sites have exclusively been using
green energy since the start of 2016. At some of our global locations, including
in Silao (Mexico), we operate our own photovoltaic systems to meet some of our
energy needs in these countries with solar electricity.

The production facility we opened in Sanand (India) in 2015 features an ex-
tremely efficient water treatment system. This cleans sewage to such a high
standard that it can be reused in the production process to reduce total water
consumption, or to water vegetation on the site. The factory was awarded a
“gold” rating by the “Indian Green Building Council” (IGBC) in the year under
review. The IGBC assessment is based on a range of principles that analyze the
building’s energy use and environmental impact.


--- Page 18 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Sustainability

A Beiersdorf site in Austria also received recognition. The Austrian Beiersdorf
affiliates and La Prairie Group Austria moved into new offices in Vienna in 2016.
Their new building has been given “gold” certification by the “Osterreichische
Gesellschaft ftir Nachhaltige Immobilienwirtschaft” (Austrian Sustainable
Building Council, OGNI).

Beiersdorf is also pursuing the global “Zero Landfill” goal. We aim not to deposit
the waste products - which we currently cannot avoid producing - created by
our production facilities and warehouses. Having already achieved this target in
Europe in 2015, we extended our global “Zero Landfill” efforts in the year under
review. We are steadily pushing this approach in the Far East, Near East, and
Latin America regions and actively work to implement alternative solutions.

PEOPLE

Our social commitment has a long tradition and is deeply rooted in Beiersdorf’s
Core Values as well as in those of our brands, especially NIVEA. NIVEA supports
families all over the world with locally relevant, long-term projects through its
global “NIVEA cares for family” program. It focuses on three fields of activity:

© developing children’s skills
© supporting mothers
© giving families the opportunity to spend time with each other

Within this framework, NIVEA Indonesia has launched an initiative under the
motto “Sentuhan Ibu,” which literally means “Mom's touch,” to support mothers
of disabled children. With the collaboration of a regional institution we developed
an 18-month outreach program, which is designed to offer mothers professional
training workshops as well as opportunities to share experiences with other
affected mothers.

In 2016, the “Mém’Artre” initiative, which is supported by NIVEA France, opened
new child day-care centers in Nantes and Marseille to look after children at the
end of the school day and in school vacations. The centers focus on affordable
childcare with a creative program that offers children all-round support. NIVEA
France has been working with the initiative for more than a year. Many families
in large French cities face difficulties as there is a shortage of affordable child-
care provision for the hours between when children finish school and their
parents finish work.

“It is never too early to learn first aid.” That is the idea behind Hansaplast’s
support for first aid training at schools across Germany together with the Red
Cross Youth. The child-friendly sessions are designed to raise pupils’ awareness
of the importance of first aid, motivating and empowering them from an early
age to help when an emergency strikes.

As in the previous year, Beiersdorf offered refugees in Hamburg a first step into
the German working world in 2016. In close collaboration with the “Verbund fiir
interkulturelle Kommunikation und Bildung e.V.” (verikom) - an association pro-
moting intercultural communication - and the organization “work and integra-
tion for refugees” (W.I.R.), we enabled more than 20 refugees to take part in the
job programs. In addition to Beiersdorf AG, the affiliates BSS and BMH also offer
opportunities. Local refugee accommodations are also supported by donations
of products and clothing and by voluntary helpers involved in social activities.

39

Alongside our global social commitment, we work worldwide to support our
employees and promote their interests. More information on our sustainable
human resources policy can be found in the Group Management Report under
“People at Beiersdorf.”

Additional information can be found at wwW.BEIERSDORF.COM/SUSTAINABILITY.

tesa

RESPONSIBILITY

Corporate responsibility toward society and the environment was once again
the focus of tesa’s sustainability strategy in 2016. Thereby we attach great
importance to making a significant contribution to social development. We have
been consistently improving our environmental management system since 2001
and have regularly outperformed our ambitious targets for protecting the
environment throughout this period.

As an environmentally aware business, tesa is constantly examining whether
there are more environmentally friendly alternatives for certain raw materials
used in the production process. This includes performing life cycle assessments.
tesa production locations around the world have more than halved their
emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOC) since 2001, and have signifi-
cantly reduced the amount of waste produced, CO, emissions, and solvent
usage.

tesa’s environmental management activities in the year under review again
focused on improving energy management and reducing CO, emissions. All
tesa’s production facilities are certified in accordance with ISO 14001, the inter-
national environmental standard. The new tesa headquarters in Norderstedt
was also awarded ISO 50001 certification in 2016. tesa has installed a new
combined heat and power plant at the Hamburg location in order to further
reduce CO, emissions and raise energy efficiency. Since 2016, tesa has also been
exclusively using electricity from renewable sources at five European locations,
including the two largest production plants worldwide. Continual investment
to modernize tesa’s production facilities is also improving environmental
protection. Construction of a new coating plant in Sparta (USA), which is using
an environmentally friendly, solvent-free coating technology, began in 2016.

Taking social responsibility is a core component of tesa’s corporate policy. We
are therefore supporting a host of diverse projects under the motto “tesa
connects” as part of our worldwide corporate citizenship program.

© We provide practical support to communities with our “tesa helps” initiative
and support social, environmental, and cultural organizations with various
projects at tesa locations. From our new location in Norderstedt, we success-
fully continued our work with Hamburg’s “tatkraftig - Hande fiir Hamburg”
initiative in 2016. In Belgium, tesa enabled children with disabilities or disad-
vantaged backgrounds from the “De Ark” organization to visit an amusement
park. tesa staff accompanied the children and assisted the carers.


--- Page 19 ---

40

© “tesa donates” supports the work of a number of institutions with product
donations and financial contributions. For example, staff can donate a small
amount from their monthly salary. tesa then doubles this contribution. More
than €6,000 went to support social projects in Hamburg in 2016.

© Asatechnology-based company, tesa understands the importance of educa-
tion. That is why we cooperate with the “Initiative Naturwissenschaft und
Technik” (Science and Technology Initiative, NAT) under “tesa supports.” In
2016, tesa offered 15 female students from a Hamburg secondary school an
insight into the everyday working life of scientists as part of the “mint:pink”
program.

© The “tesa protects” initiative is part of a long-term partnership supporting
the UNESCO biosphere reserve Niedersachsische Elbtalaue. The most im-
portant aspect of this is the voluntary commitment of tesa employees. Their
practical work includes planting vegetation to maintain this biodiverse and
environmentally sensitive floodplain landscape.

All tesa’s activities are documented in an annual progress report that is available
at WWW.TESA.COM/RESPONSIBILITY.

People at Beiersdorf

Beiersdorf created 275 new jobs globally in 2016. The Group employment figure
has risen continuously since 2013. By the end of December 2016, we employed
17,934 people (previous year: 17,659). Of this figure, 5,979 (previous year: 5,962),
or 33% (previous year: 34%), were employed in Germany. A total of 13,776 people
worked in the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 13,549) and 4,158 in
the tesa Business Segment (previous year: 4,110).

Consumer

The people at Beiersdorf decisively shape the long-term success of our compa-
ny. Their importance is firmly anchored in the Blue Agenda. Beiersdorf imple-
mented numerous global initiatives and programs during the year under review
to further enhance its profile as a responsible employer.

In 2016, our people agenda focused on the following areas among others:

o Employee engagement: Our independent, global employee survey took place
for the fourth year in a row. Employee satisfaction and emotional engage-
ment have once again increased significantly worldwide.

o Employee retention: Stability at our affiliates is above the local industry aver-
age in most markets. In Europe, employee turnover stood at 4.5% in 2016,
and at less than 3% in Germany.

© Lean structures: The Group management hierarchy has been reduced from
nine management groups to five.

© Internal promotions: 74% of the posts newly filled in 2016 in the top two man-
agement groups went to internal candidates, of whom 23% are women.

© Internationalization: 65% of managers at the first management level below
the Executive Board have completed at least one foreign assignment that
lasted several years. At the end of 2016, 21% of employees in the first three
management groups were on an international assignment lasting several
years.

© Vocational training in Germany: 90% of apprentices who expressed their
interest in a position received an employment offer.

A RESPONSIBLE EMPLOYER

Everyone counts. That is our philosophy toward our employees at Beiersdorf.
A committed workforce is indispensable to a company’s efficiency and ability
to innovate.

Beiersdorf is renowned as a responsible employer in the markets in which we
operate. We are determined to support and promote the personal and profes-
sional growth of our employees in many ways. We therefore offer special pro-
grams and services to our employees at global, regional, and national levels, tai-
lored to their personal needs and specific local requirements. These include
training and development, childcare, health management, sport, catering, mo-
bility, and, of course, flexible working models. Our employees use more than

GROUP EMPLOYEES
as of Dec. 31

16,708 17,398 17,659 17,934

2013 2014 2015 2016

EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)
as of Dec. 31; total 17,934 employees

Africa/Asia/ Australia

27.1
Europe
57.8
Americas
15.1



--- Page 20 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Sustainability
People at Beiersdorf

350 different working arrangements in Germany alone, such as working from
home and flexible part-time work. Other options include job sharing, which is
also practiced by managers.

At the same time, we at Beiersdorf believe that being a responsible employer
also means challenging our employees to gather new experience beyond their
“comfort zone.” We cultivate a working environment in which individuals are
encouraged to take ownership and try new ideas. By offering a large number of
international assignments, we promote the skills of our employees, diversity at
Beiersdorf, and our closeness to markets and consumers.

Safety at work is a further indispensable element of our responsibility toward
our employees. Beiersdorf aims to further reduce the number of work-related
accidents at all the Group’s sites around the world with the company-wide “Zero
Accident” initiative. To achieve this, we are focusing on consistently implement-
ing occupational health and safety measures and integrating them into existing
management systems. Compared with the previous year, this reduced the
number of work-related accidents per one million working hours (accident
frequency rate) from 2.9 to 1.5 at all production facilities worldwide.

CORE VALUES

Beiersdorf’s four Core Values - Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust - are firmly
rooted in our corporate culture and shape the day-to-day work of every
Beiersdorf employee. Our Core Value initiative again proved itself an excellent
global platform to discuss, review, and improve management topics like leader-
ship, innovation, and efficiency during the year under review.

When measuring the impact of values and culture, we believe Beiersdorf’s sus-
tainable business success tells it all. In 2016, our employees around the world
demonstrated once again their agility, resilience, and commitment in a business
environment dominated by volatility and uncertainty. This is only possible in
an organization where people are well connected with corporate values and
culture.

CULTURE OF LEARNING AND SOCIAL COLLABORATION

The deep changes in the market environment and consumers’ requirements are
presenting a major challenge to businesses. Being a successful company today
therefore means being flexible and able to adapt, especially in terms of human
resources and organizational development. Only a culture of learning that is
shared by the employees and transcends hierarchies enables the company to
respond to change with agility. Beiersdorf is therefore investing systematically
in a learning organization. Exchange in functional “academies,” which are
actively shaped by employees themselves, is among the factors reinforcing
our culture of learning.

Our digital collaboration platform “blueplanet,” which we introduced worldwide
in 2013, also encourages our employees to share knowledge and experience
among one another, thus facilitating cooperation across functions and coun-
tries. During the year under review, we optimized a range of functions to further

41

improve the opportunities for communication and collaboration via the plat-
form. Usage of this in-house social network was significantly up on the previous
year. The average number of unique users each day rose by 62% compared with
2015, reaching more than 2,500. Measured by month, the average number of
unique users grew by 40% to approximately 8,400.

LEADERSHIP CULTURE

In 2016, we honed our leadership concept - “Leadership: The Beiersdorf Way” -
based on our Core Values. Its development process included a two-week long
global online brainstorming, or “crowdstorming,” among our employees.

Beiersdorf's leadership approach is based on authenticity (“be authentic”),
inspiration (“inspire others”), and enablement (“enable performance”):

© Authenticity: Self-awareness and self-reflection are essential traits for leaders
at Beiersdorf. Only those who are truthful to themselves and who actively
request and accept feedback can develop trust and act as role models in
their day-to-day management activities.

© Inspiration: Managers who take colleagues seriously, practice what they
preach, and take responsibility for their own mistakes earn the trust of their
employees. By acting as a role model, working in trustful partnership, and
providing great freedom to act and individual support, managers increase
the willingness of all employees to contribute actively, give their best, and
learn from others.

© Enablement: Managers lead with a clear vision and embody the values for
which Beiersdorf stands. They enable their team to deal with uncertainty,
solve conflicts and make the right decisions for the long-term success of
Beiersdorf.

PERSONNEL DEVELOPMENT AND GUIDING CAREER GROWTH
Every single employee makes an important contribution to Beiersdorf’s success
with his or her individual talent and capabilities. We continued to invest in
building the skills and expertise of our employees in 2016 - for all roles, and
functions, and at all locations. This was also true of our global processes for
employee development and succession planning.

We do not rely on company development programs alone, but support our
employees to steer their own careers. As part of the “More Care for Careers”
initiative, we provided all employees with two new offerings in 2016: the
“Career & Development Guide” and the “Development Toolbox.” These tools
are designed to encourage employees to take the initiative when it comes to
their career development. The “Career & Development Guide” provides practi-
cal tips on how to co-manage career steps that suit one’s changing individual
needs. The “Development Toolbox” contains simple and practical development
measures, some of which are self-directed, to help employees tackle challenges
in their day-to-day work.


--- Page 21 ---

42

HIGH EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

For the fourth year in a row, the company carried out a global survey on em-
ployee engagement with the help of an independent research institute. Partici-
pation reached a record high of 94%. As in previous surveys, the results were
presented and discussed throughout the company. The 2016 survey showed a
further global increase in employee satisfaction and motivation. Identification
with the Blue Agenda and Beiersdorf’s Core Values also continued to improve.

In dealing with the survey results, we ensure an environment of trust that
enables open discussions and effective improvements. We believe that the
basis for strong emotional engagement is a culture of open communication, in
which people always feel able to express their opinion and, just as importantly,
listen to each other. During the year under review, we continued to ensure
that communication between employees and managers was not tied to rigid
processes, but could take place at any time as the situation requires. We are
moving away from a standardized feedback format, which takes place only once
or twice a year at a fixed point in time. Using various formats such as “impulse
workshops,” we have created a framework in which managers from across
different functions can share their views on the topic of “engagement” in open
discussion groups.

Although we measure employee engagement, we are not preoccupied with just
focusing on numbers. We place more focus on actual improvement measures
than on simply improving statistics. Greater, lasting employee engagement and
commitment is a natural outcome of this approach.

PROMOTING NEW TALENTS

Supporting talents at an early stage is an important aspect of guiding career
growth at Beiersdorf. We fill the majority of our key management positions by
appointing people from within the company. Beyond our regular workforce
planning, we have been making extra investment worldwide to bring excellent
graduates and young professionals into development roles in all areas of the
company. This initiative has brought more than 140 additional hires to Beiersdorf
since 2015.

In 2016, Beiersdorf and Tchibo launched the “My Cross-Company Career” - one
talent development program that covers two industries. By pooling their
strengths to recruit promising talents, the two companies are opening up new
career prospects for young people. Over a period of one and a half to two years,
the program participants spend time in each company on a rotation basis and
gain deep insights into the consumer goods and retail industries. During the
year under review, ten participants joined the program that focused on market-
ing and sales.

The reporting year also saw 45 young people begin vocational training in eight
different professions at Beiersdorf AG. In 2016, Beiersdorf AG had a total of
135 apprentices at different stages of their training. Of those completing their
apprenticeship this year who expressed their interest in a position following
their training program, 90% received an employment offer. For our work in
this area, Beiersdorf AG has been honored as an outstanding provider of voca-
tional training from the “Hamburger Handelskammer” (Hamburg Chamber of
Commerce).

* Employees covered by collective pay agreements not included.

JOB SHARING

The pace and complexity of our working lives has been continuously increasing,
and jobs often have to be so organized that they fit the different circumstances
and stages of employee lives. Flexible working models, along with new technol-
ogy, can help master this challenge. Our philosophy is to invest continuously in
innovative models of working and new forms of collaboration.

We launched a new online platform at the end of the year under review.
“two:share” facilitates contact between employees considering job sharing and
helps individuals find a suitable partner with whom to share a job at Beiersdorf.
Employees interested in job sharing can set up their own profile in the new tool
and look for a tandem partner. “two:share” uses a special algorithm to match
appropriate candidates. To enable employees to consider the options privately,
the platform ensures the possibility of remaining anonymous at this early stage.
We believe job sharing can offer a solution where part-time working often
reaches its limits. With two different personalities contributing their own expe-
riences and strengths to one role, job sharing is new territory both for the
tandem and the people around them. We are therefore also investing in mea-
sures to support this process.

DIVERSITY

Each year, we reach consumers in over 170 countries with our products. Diversity
is in our DNA. We consider diversity - for example in terms of gender, interna-
tionality, and age - a valuable contribution to Beiersdorf’s ongoing worldwide
growth.

Further progress was made regarding diversity in 2016, including:

© Gender diversity: New targets for the share of women at the first two man-
agement levels below the Executive Board have applied to Beiersdorf AG
since March 2015 in accordance with statutory provisions. At the end of 2016,
24% of managers at the first management level below the Executive Board of
Beiersdorf AG were women (previous year: 26%). Despite the slight drop in
ratio, our aim remains to raise this figure to 30% by the end of June 2017. At
the second management level below the Executive Board of Beiersdorf AG,
43% of managers were women at the end of 2016 (previous year: 38%). Our
target of maintaining a stable 38% by the end of June 2017 has therefore
already been exceeded in the year under review.

© International diversity: We increased the number of international employees*
at our Hamburg headquarters to 15% in the reporting year (previous year:
14%).

© Generational dialog: We foster dialog and collaboration between the differ-
ent generations employed at Beiersdorf AG. One such measure has enabled
our apprentices to become “buddies” to senior employees and support them
in areas including IT and social media.

Additional information can be found at www.BEIERSDORF.COM/CAREER.


--- Page 22 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / People at Beiersdorf
Risk Report

tesa

SUCCESSFUL RELOCATION OF tesa HEADQUARTERS.

A year after moving into the new tesa headquarters, a major advantage is
becoming clear: Working under one roof is boosting motivation not only among
employees based on site, but also among visitors to Norderstedt from tesa’s
affiliates. tesa has achieved its goal of enabling employees from marketing
and sales departments to coordinate quickly and easily with the research and
development laboratories. The new corporate health management scheme
under the slogan “It’s for you!” has also been very well received by staff.

COMMITTED EMPLOYEES

The results of the 2016 employee survey paint a very positive picture of employ-
ees’ commitment to tesa in Germany. The surveys conducted in other countries
of the Western Europe region showed positive results, too. The findings clearly
demonstrate that tesa is succeeding in motivating highly committed employees
to remain with the company for the long term.

IMPLEMENTING THE NEW tesa COMPETENCY MODEL

The “tesa Competency Model” developed in 2015 describes the key competen-
cies that all employees require to successfully perform their work. Feedback
discussions for managers and tesa’s talent management both used the “tesa
Key Competencies” for the first time in the year under review. In the future, the
model will help tesa management describe and discuss profiles and achieve-
ments using consistent benchmarks. Developing this shared understanding is
an important core aspect of implementing the strategy to appoint more manag-
ers from within the company’s own ranks.

TRAINING FOR THE tesa SUPPLY NETWORK

The company finished preparing a new training program for the “tesa Supply
Network” in 2016. The program sets out to improve understanding among people
working in production, logistics, sales, and purchasing of the necessary cooper-
ation between different functions along the planning and logistics chain. The
aim is to provide faster and more accurate deliveries to customers.

EXTENSION OF COMPENSATION AND BENEFIT GUIDELINE

tesa forged ahead in the year under review with the global implementation of
the “Compensation and Benefit Guideline” agreed in 2015. The company began
by harmonizing targets for management's variable remuneration across all
regions and countries. tesa then extended the guideline to other groups of
employees.

43

Risk

Report

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management
Entrepreneurial success cannot be achieved without consciously taking risks.
Risk management helps us master the risks associated with the strategic objec-
tives of the business and to maximize our strategic potential. Regular strategy
reviews ensure that opportunities and risks are reasonably balanced. We incur
risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an appropriate increase in
value and if they can be managed using established methods and measures
within our organization.

Risk management is an integral part of central and local planning, management,
and control processes, and conforms to consistent standards across the Group.
Our open communications policy, the risk inventory carried out at regular inter-
vals, and the planning and management system ensure that our risk situation
is presented transparently. Risk management is coordinated at Group head-
quarters. Our risk management structures and workflows are documented in a
dedicated manual.

Transparent Presentation of Risks

Relevant risks are identified and captured in a structured manner. They are
classified based on the estimated probability of occurrence and the potential
financial impact if they were to occur. In the Group’s internal risk reporting, risks
are uniformly presented based on the position of individual points plotted on a
risk radar. The basic structure of the risk radar can be illustrated as follows in
connection with strategic risks.

The various fields of the radar reflect the relevant areas for us both inside and
outside the Group that may give rise to risks. The different probabilities of
occurrence and potential impact of the risks are each indicated with three
different levels.

BEIERSDORF RISK RADAR
Schematic diagram

External framework 7 Customer/Consumer/

(3) Markets
Procurement /—44#
sci’ — OVA

Marketing /Distribution/ ———*
Outbound logistics

—_——Competition/
Substitution

R&D/Innovations /
Quality management

NW organizational
excellence

@ Significant —@ Critical

mmm Probable

© Existence-imperiling

Improbable mm Very probable



--- Page 23 ---

44

Accounting-related Internal Control System

An accounting-related internal control system is used to ensure the correctness
of the bookkeeping and accounting as well as the reliability of the financial
reporting in the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management
Report. This integral element of the consolidated accounting process comprises
preventive, monitoring, and detective measures designed to ensure security
and control in accounting and the operational functions. The security measures
and controls reduce the probability of errors occurring and uncover any that are
made at an early stage. Among other things, the measures include the separa-
tion of functions, manual and IT-based approval processes using the dual con-
trol principle, IT checks, access restrictions and authorization concepts for the
IT system, and systems-based processes for handling Group accounting data.
Procedural instructions, standardized reporting formats, and IT-based reporting
and consolidation processes support Group accounting and financial reporting
for the companies included in the consolidated financial statements.

Shared service centers provide uniform processing of the core accounting pro-
cesses at Beiersdorf AG and virtually all of its affiliates. The basic principles and
processes and the reporting structure for Group accounting are documented in
an accounting and financial control manual. Legislation, accounting standards,
and pronouncements are analyzed for their relevance and impact and taken into
account as necessary.

Independent Monitoring

Our Internal Audit department - which serves as the Executive Board's financial
control function - monitors risk management and the internal control system by
means of systematic and regular audits. The department is independent of the
Group's operating activities. It uses a risk-based approach to reviewing the busi-
ness processes and the systems and controls that have been put in place as well
as the financial accounting of transactions. The audit findings are used for on-
going enhancement of the company’s management and of its preventive and
detective controls. In addition, the external auditors audit the risk early-warning
and monitoring system. Both the Internal Audit department and external
auditors regularly report their audit findings to the Supervisory Board and, in
particular, to its Audit Committee.

Our Risk Profile

STRATEGIC AND SECTOR-SPECIFIC RISKS

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their
broad appeal is of central importance for Beiersdorf’s business development.
We have geared our risk management system towards protecting the value of
our brands. Our compliance with high standards of product quality and safety
is the basis for our consumers’ continued trust in our brands. We therefore
perform in-depth safety assessments, which also take into account consumer
feedback on earlier products, when developing new products. Our products are
subject to the strict criteria of our quality management system throughout the
entire procurement, production, and distribution process.

Innovations based on strong research and development are a precondition for
consumer acceptance of our products and for the latter’s appeal. Prudent brand
management captures consumer trends as well as the results of in-depth market
and competitive analyses, and at the same time ensures that the brand's core
remains intact and is carefully enhanced.

Strong brands that balance innovation and continuity are our response to fierce
global competition on price, quality, and innovation. We have laid the ground-
work for identifying consumer wishes and reflecting them in the products we
develop promptly by developing and implementing the Consumer Insights pro-
cess. Direct communication with consumers via digital social media is becoming
an increasingly important aspect of this. These efforts also counteract the
growing retail concentration and the emergence of rival brands at regional level.

Since expertise-based brands require a high degree of upfront investment in
innovation and marketing, the continuous expansion of our trademark and
patent portfolio plays a key role. We protect our intellectual property proactively
and comprehensively. By closely dovetailing the Group functions involved in
this with the operational business, we identify commercial opportunities from
our research and development leadership at an early stage and safeguard them
using industrial property rights. Of course, we also acknowledge and respect
existing third-party rights when developing our new products.

Our management focus on the long-term success of our market activities ensures
that we invest in promising markets in terms of both products and regions. At
the same time, we ensure that we are generating the funds needed for this in the
long term.

SUPPLY CHAIN AND IT RISKS.

We counter procurement risks relating to the delivery reliability and price of raw
materials and commodities as well as use of services by continuously monitoring
our markets and suppliers and by appropriate contract management. Procure-
ment strategies are reviewed regularly and adjusted to reflect internal and ex-
ternal requirements. Strategic partnerships are an important element of actively
managing our supplier portfolio. We counter compliance risks by providing
clear management structures and through efficient organizational measures.
Occupational safety and environmental and business interruption risks in our
production and logistics activities are minimized by process control checks and
location-specific audits. We minimize risks relating to the availability, reliability,
and efficiency of our IT systems through continuous monitoring and improve-
ments as well as through the establishment of a continuity management system
that is an integrated part of our IT operations. Aided by internal training and
control measures, we seek to prevent unauthorized internal and external access
to our internal company information and also to ensure compliance with the
legal regulations on data protection. We counter selected risks by transferring
them to insurance companies.


--- Page 24 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Risk Report

45

Report by the Executive Board on Dealings among Group Companies

Cooperation and contacts with universities enable us to build early links to qual-
ified new employees, for whom we have special trainee programs to prepare
them for a career at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent management process
identifies and develops talented specialists and management personnel at all
levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff in key positions through-
out the company as these become vacant.

FINANCIAL RISKS

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer
relationships, active receivables management, and the selective use of trade
credit insurance.

Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are subject to active treasury manage-
ment based on global guidelines. They are managed and hedged centrally to
a very large extent, whereby the specific requirements for the organizational
separation of the trading, settlement, and controlling functions are taken into
account. Derivative financial instruments serve primarily to hedge operational
activities and financial transactions essential to the business. They do not
expose the Group to any additional material risks.

We limit currency risks from intragroup deliveries of goods and services using
currency forwards. Generally, 75% of forecasted annual net cash flows are
hedged (cash flow hedges on forecasted transactions). Currency risks from
cross-border intragroup financing are generally hedged in the market by the
central treasury department using currency forwards.

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group’s liquid funds are
limited by only making investments with defined, reliable counterparties. Coun-
terparty risk is monitored on the basis of ratings and the counterparties’ liable
capital as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters are
used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and
securities issuers (counterparty limits), which are compared regularly with the
investments actually made throughout the Group. We have invested the majority
of our liquidity in low-risk investments (such as government/corporate bonds
and Pfandbriefe).

We use liquidity concentration methods and tools at our affiliates in order to
optimally manage our investments. Appropriate systems ensure we have trans-
parency concerning our affiliates’ remaining funds. Positive balances are regis-
tered with central counterparty risk management. Our financial risk manage-
ment is characterized by the clear allocation of responsibilities, central rules for
limiting financial risks as a matter of principle, and the conscious alignment of
the instruments deployed with the requirements of our business activities.

Further information on the extent of the currency, interest rate, default, and
liquidity risks described above can be found in Note 27 of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements, “Additional Disclosures on Financial Instru-
ments, Financial Risk Management, and Derivative Financial Instruments.”

LEGAL RISKS

In October 2016, Beiersdorf AG was served with a claim for damages from the
liquidator of Anton Schlecker e.K. in connection with German antitrust proceed-
ings already concluded. Claims have been made against six other companies in
addition to Beiersdorf. In December 2016 and January 2017, further retailers filed
claims for damages or announced claims out of court against Beiersdorf AG and
European affiliates of the company in connection with these and other antitrust
proceedings already concluded in Europe. Beiersdorf contests these claims.

Along with other international companies, the Beiersdorf Consumer Business
Segment’s Brazilian affiliates are involved in tax proceedings on a national level.

Assessments of the course and results of legal disputes are associated with
considerable difficulty and uncertainty. Based on the currently available infor-
mation, we do not expect these disputes to result in significant charges for the
Group.

External tax audits can result in additional tax payments at individual companies,
potentially with financial penalties and interest payments. Further information
on the extent of the legal risks described above can be found in Note 28 of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements, “Contingent Liabilities, Other
Financial Obligations, and Legal Risks.”

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Risk Situation

Our assessment of the risk situation is the result of our examination of all material
individual risks listed above. There have been no structural changes in the risk
situation compared with the previous year. Based on our current assessment,
the Beiersdorf Group is not exposed to any risks that could endanger its con-
tinued existence.

Report by the Executive
Board on Dealings among
Group Companies

In accordance with § 312 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG),
the Executive Board has issued a report on dealings among Group companies
which contains the following concluding declaration: “According to the circum-
stances known to us at the time the transactions were executed or measures
were taken or not taken, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft received appropriate
consideration for every transaction and has not been disadvantaged by the fact
that measures were taken or not taken.”


--- Page 25 ---

46

Report on Post-Balance
Sheet Date Events

No significant events occurred after the end of the fiscal year.

Disclosures Required
by Takeover Law

The disclosures required under § 315 (4) Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commer-
cial Code, HGB) are presented below.

Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the disclo-
sures on the composition of the subscribed capital and the disclosures on direct
or indirect interests in the share capital exceeding 10% of the voting rights. In
addition to this, Michael Herz, Germany, has informed the Executive Board that
at the end of the reporting period further shares in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft
are attributable to him and that he directly holds shares in Beiersdorf Aktien-
gesellschaft. In total, the share of voting rights held by Michael Herz in Beiersdorf
Aktiengesellschaft amounts to approximately 51.02%.

The appointment and removal from office of members of the Executive Board
are governed by §§ 84 and 85 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act,
AktG), § 31 Mitbestimmungsgesetz (German Co-determination Act, MitbestG),
and § 7 of the Articles of Association. In accordance with § 7 (1) of the Articles
of Association, the Executive Board consists of at least three persons; apart
from this provision, the Supervisory Board determines the number of members
of the Executive Board. The Articles of Association may be amended in accord-
ance with §§ 179 and 133 AktG and with § 16 of the Articles of Association.
Under § 16 of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board is authorized to
resolve amendments and additions to the Articles of Association that concern
the latter’s wording only. Under § 5 (6) of the Articles of Association, the Super-
visory Board is authorized in particular to amend and reformulate § 5 of the
Articles of Association (Share Capital) following each utilization of authorized
or contingent capital.

The Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, authorized the Executive Board,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital in the
period until March 30, 2020, by up to a total of €92 million (Authorized Capital |:
€42 million; Authorized Capital II: €25 million; Authorized Capital Ill: €25 million)
by issuing new no-par value bearer shares on one or several occasions. In this
context, the dividend rights for new shares may be determined by a different
method than that set out in § 60 (2) AktG.

Shareholders shall be granted preemptive rights. However, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to disapply share-
holders’ preemptive rights in the following cases:

1. to eliminate fractions created as a result of capital increases against cash
contributions (Authorized Capital |, II, III);

2. to the extent necessary to grant the holders/creditors of convertible bonds
or bonds with warrants issued by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies
in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest, rights to subscribe for
new shares in the amount to which they would be entitled after exercising
their conversion or option rights, or after fulfilling their conversion obligation
(Authorized Capital |, II, Ill);

3. if the total amount of share capital attributable to the new shares for which
preemptive rights are to be disapplied does not exceed 10% of the share
capital existing at the time this authorization comes into effect or, in the
event that this amount is lower, at the time the new shares are issued and the
issue price of the new shares is not materially lower than the quoted market
price of the existing listed shares at the time when the issue price is finalized,
which should be as near as possible to the time the shares are placed. If,
during the term of the authorized capital, other authorizations to issue or sell
shares in the company or to issue rights that enable or oblige the holder to
subscribe for shares in the company are exercised while disapplying pre-
emptive rights pursuant to or in accordance with § 186 (3) sentence 4 AktG,
this must be counted toward the above-mentioned 10% limit (Authorized
Capital II);

4. in the case of capital increases against non-cash contributions for the purpose
of acquiring companies, business units of companies, or equity interests in
companies (Authorized Capital III).

The Executive Board was also authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to determine the further details of the capital increase and its
implementation.

In addition, the Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, resolved to contin-
gently increase the share capital by up to a total of €42 million, composed of up
to 42 million no-par value bearer shares. The contingent capital increase will be
implemented only to the extent that:

1. the holders or creditors of conversion and/or option rights attached to
convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued in the period until
March 30, 2020, by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies in which it
holds a direct or indirect majority interest, choose to exercise their conversion
or option rights, or

2. the holders or creditors of convertible bonds giving rise to a conversion
obligation issued in the period until March 30, 2020, by Beiersdorf Aktien-
gesellschaft, or companies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority inter-
est, comply with such obligation,

and the contingent capital is required for this in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the bonds.

The new shares bear dividend rights from the beginning of the fiscal year in
which they are created as a result of the exercise of conversion or option rights,
or as a result of compliance with a conversion obligation.

The Executive Board was authorized to determine the further details of the
implementation of a contingent capital increase.


--- Page 26 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2016 / Group Management Report / Report on Post-Balance Sheet Date Events 47
Disclosures Required by Takeover Law
Report on Expected Developments

The Annual General Meeting on March 31, 2015, also authorized the company in
accordance with § 71 (1) no. 8 AktG to purchase own shares in the total amount
of up to 10% of the existing share capital in the period up to March 30, 2020. The
shares shall be purchased via the stock exchange or via a public purchase offer
addressed to all shareholders, or a public invitation to tender shares. The
Annual General Meeting authorized the Executive Board, with the approval of
the Supervisory Board, to sell in whole or in part the own shares purchased on
the basis of the above-mentioned or a prior authorization while disapplying the
shareholders’ preemptive rights, including in a way other than via the stock
exchange or via a purchase offer to all shareholders, to the extent that these
shares are sold for cash at a price that does not fall materially below the market
price of the same class of shares of the company at the time of the sale. The
Executive Board was also authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to sell in whole or in part the own shares acquired in accordance with the
above-mentioned or a previous authorization against non-cash consideration
while disapplying the preemptive rights of shareholders, particularly to utilize
them as consideration or partial consideration in the context of a merger or the
acquisition of companies, equity interests in companies (including increases in
equity interests), or business units of companies. Moreover, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to utilize these own
shares in whole or in part, while disapplying the preemptive rights of share-
holders, in order to satisfy the subscription and/or conversion rights from con-
vertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued by the company or compa-
nies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest. The Executive Board
is further authorized, in the event that own shares are sold to all shareholders,
to disapply the preemptive rights of shareholders where this is necessary to
eliminate any fractions that may arise. The Executive Board may only make use
of the above authorizations to disapply preemptive rights when utilizing own
shares to the extent that the total proportion of shares utilized without pre-
emptive rights does not exceed 20% of the share capital either at the time of the
resolution by the Annual General Meeting or at the time these authorizations are
exercised. If, during the term of this authorization to utilize own shares, other
authorizations to issue or sell shares in the company or to issue rights that
enable or oblige the holder to acquire shares in the company are exercised
while disapplying preemptive rights, this must be counted toward the above-
mentioned limit. Finally, the Executive Board was authorized, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, to retire the own shares acquired in accordance with
the above-mentioned or a prior authorization without requiring an additional
resolution by the Annual General Meeting.

The creation of the authorized and contingent capital is intended to put the
company in the position of being able to react to growth opportunities and
capital market situations quickly and flexibly. The authorization to purchase and
utilize own shares enables the company in particular to also offer shares of the
company to institutional or other investors and/or to expand the shareholder
base of the company, as well as to utilize the purchased own shares as consider-
ation for the acquisition of companies or equity interests in companies (includ-
ing increases in equity interests), or as part of a merger, i.e. against non-cash
consideration.

Report on Expected
Develooments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

The global economic situation is expected to see only moderate improvement
in 2017. We anticipate subdued economic growth in the industrialized countries
and still mixed economic prospects in the emerging markets. The geopolitical
unrest and the incertitude about the long-term consequences of Brexit, the out-
come of the forthcoming major elections in Europe, and the future political
course in the United States are generating considerable uncertainty with regard
to the development of the global economy.

In Europe, we expect growth in 2017 to fall slightly short of the prior-year level.
A backlog of reforms, continuing high levels of unemployment and sovereign
debt in some countries, and political tension are putting a damper on the
growth rate. The long-term impact of Brexit and the outcome of the upcoming
elections in Germany, France, and the Netherlands are an additional source of
uncertainty.

In Germany, we estimate that growth in 2017 will be lower than the prior-year
level, mainly due to a slowdown in exports and a gloomy investment climate.
The key driving factors remain private consumer spending, underpinned by the
continuing favorable conditions on the labor market and the increase in the
minimum wage at the beginning of 2017, as well as the continued high level of
public spending.

We anticipate that the US economy will see growth accelerate in 2017 on the
back of a further reduction in unemployment and sustained strong consumer
sentiment. The increased confidence of American companies and the favorable
economic environment are likely to be reflected in an increase in capital
expenditure. However, tapering of bond sales, a planned hike in interest rates,
and the impact of the future direction of economic policy are a source of uncer-
tainty for the economy and financial markets.

In Japan, we expect growth to match the prior-year level as a result of higher
consumer spending. However, export demand - particularly from Asian coun-
tries - will probably remain relatively weak in spite of the anticipated deprecia-
tion of the yen.

In the emerging markets, we continue to predict challenging conditions and a
fragile economy. We estimate that the Chinese economy will see slightly slower
growth than in the previous year, flanked by strong public-sector infrastructure
investment as part of the economic stimulus program due to run until 2018. The
reduction of surplus capacity in the industrial sector and the incertitude about
the United States’ future trade policy are generating uncertainty. In India, we
expect that the cash crackdown implemented at short notice in November 2016
will inhibit growth. We anticipate a slight growth increase in the emerging
markets of Southeast Asia. In Brazil, we expect the economy to gradually start
coming out of recession in 2017. The political uncertainty, high unemployment,


--- Page 27 ---

48

and private debt, as well as the still restrictive monetary policy, are counteract-
ing the significant improvement of economic prospects, however. Given the
highly protectionist tendencies in many Latin American countries, particularly in
Venezuela, Ecuador, and Argentina, developments are difficult to forecast for
this area. We believe that the Russian economy will reach a turning point and
the period of recession will come to an end. The economic recovery will be
bolstered by the uptick in oil production and rising oil prices. However, given the
still high inflation rate, continuing international sanctions, a lack of structural
reforms, and the lack of investor confidence, forecasts expect the rebound to
remain moderate.

Procurement Market Trends

Commodity markets are expected to pick up in 2017 as rising oil prices follow
the decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)
and Russia to reduce output. This will impact on the commodity and packaging
materials markets in the medium term. Nevertheless, Beiersdorf will continue to
work intensively on advancing its long-term program of sourcing cost reduction.
The overlapping of these two effects is expected to lead to essentially stable
material prices in 2017.

Sales Market Trends

We believe that the global growth rate in the cosmetics market - the market
relevant for Beiersdorf - will at best only match the prior-year level in 2017.
We continue to expect only modest growth in the major European markets. The
emerging markets and North America will make a positive contribution to
overall performance.

For tesa, we expect sales trends to remain largely stable in Europe, though
political developments represent an element of unpredictability. In North
America, we continue to expect positive impetus particularly from the auto-
motive industry. The change of president in the United States means uncer-
tainty about the political environment, however. We anticipate a largely positive
trend in Latin America, with the exception of the uncertainty in Brazil. In Asia,
tesa expects moderate growth, which will depend to a very high degree on the
performance of the Chinese economy. Along with positive momentum from
the automotive industry, tesa anticipates stronger growth again from the elec-
tronics industry business in Asia. However, increasing price pressure is likely to
dampen sales figure growth somewhat in both industries.

Our Market Opportunities

Market performance will remain mixed in 2017 and competition will continue to
increase in some markets. The business strategy set out in the Blue Agenda
will allow us to meet the challenges of tomorrow and hence to achieve our
objectives. We see strong opportunities both in systematically expanding our
presence in the emerging markets and in consolidating our position in our
European markets. We aim to drive this process by strengthening our brands -
especially NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie - and boosting our innovation power.
This analysis underpins our planning for 2017.

We will build on our sound financial structure and strong earnings position
together with our dedicated and highly qualified employees to continue
exploiting future opportunities with our internationally successful brand port-
folio. Extensive research and development activities resulting in successful,
consumer-driven innovations will be flanked by targeted marketing measures,
strengthening our brand core and creating enduring confidence among our
consumers.

tesa expects to bolster its market position with continued investment in re-
search and development, and therefore in innovative products. The electronics
industry business in Asia remains attractive. However, its project-based nature
continues to entail a high risk of volatility. Global automotive customers remain
an important growth area. tesa also anticipates a future upward trend in the
pharmaceuticals business. The ongoing economic recovery in the south of Europe
will continue to have a positive impact on the development of the distribution
and consumer business.

Business Developments
Our assessment of business developments in the coming year is based on the
above assumptions.

In light of the macroeconomic forecasts, Beiersdorf is expecting sales growth in
the Consumer Business Segment to outperform the market at 3-4% in fiscal
year 2017. The EBIT margin from operations is expected to slightly exceed the
prior-year figure.

In the tesa Business Segment, we are predicting sales growth of 3-4% in 2017.
The EBIT margin from operations is expected to be slightly below the prior-year
level.

Based on the forecasts for the two business segments, we are expecting Group
sales to grow by 3-4%. The consolidated EBIT margin from operations should
slightly exceed the prior-year figure.

We firmly believe we are well positioned for the future thanks to our interna-
tionally successful brand portfolio, our innovative and high-quality products,

and our dedicated employees.

Hamburg, February 6, 2017
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board
