

--- Page 1 ---

General Information
About This Management

Report

Basis of Presentation

This combined group management report by the SAP Group
(collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP,” “Group,” or “Company”)
and the management report of SAP SE have been prepared in
accordance with sections 289, 315, and 315a of the German
Commercial Code and German Accounting Standards (GAS)
No. 17 and 20. The management report is also a management
commentary complying with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) Practice Statement Management
Commentary. All of the information in this report relates to the
situation as at December 31, 2016, or the fiscal year ended on
that date, unless otherwise stated. The report contains
references to additional information in other parts of the SAP
Integrated Report that is available online. This additional
information is not part of the management report.

Forward-Looking Statements

This management report contains forward-looking statements
and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions made
by, our management using information currently available to
them. Any statements contained in this report that are not
historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the
U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current
expectations, assumptions, and projections about future
conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking
statements and information are subject to uncertainties and
risks, many of which are beyond our control. If one or more of
these uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management's
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could
differ materially from those described in or inferred from our
forward-looking statements and information. We describe these
risks and uncertainties in the Risk Management and Risks
section.

The words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “counting on,” “is confident,” “development,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future trends,” “guidance,”
“intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” project,” “predict,”
“seek,” “should,” “strateg’ “would,” and similar
expressions as they relate to us are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. Such statements include, for

example, those made in the Operating Results section, our
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
pursuant to the International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and related statements in our Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements; Expected Developments
and Opportunities section; Risk Management and Risks section;
and other forward-looking information appearing in other parts
of this report. To fully consider the factors that could affect our
future financial results, both this report and our Annual Report
on Form 20-F should be considered, as well as all of our other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
specified or the date of this report. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a
result of new information that we receive about conditions that
existed upon issuance of this report, future events, or otherwise
unless we are required to do so by law.

This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and
global economic trends that comes from information published
by sources including Gartner, the European Central Bank (ECB);
and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data
represents only the estimates of Gartner, ECB, IMF, and other
sources of industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of
the statistical information provided by sources such as Gartner,
ECB, IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this
report. The data from these sources is subject to risks and
uncertainties, and subject to change based on various factors,
including those described above, in the Risk Management and
Risks section, and elsewhere in this report. These and other
factors could cause our results to differ materially from those
expressed in the estimates made by third parties and SAP. We
caution readers not to place undue reliance on this data.

Combined Management Report | General Information About This Management Report 49


--- Page 2 ---

Overview of the SAP

Group

>76%

of worldwide transactions
touch an SAP system

Our vision is to help the world run better and improve people's
lives. Together with our broad ecosystem of partners, this
comes to life as we help our customers master complexity and
innovate and transform to become sustainable digital
businesses. SAP is involved in driving innovation in all fields of
the digital economy, such as the Internet of Things, machine
learning, and artificial intelligence. For more information on our
vision and strategy, see the Strategy and Business Model
section.

Founded in 1972, SAP is a global company headquartered in
Walldorf, Germany. Our legal corporate name is SAP SE. SAP is
the market leader in enterprise application software!. The
company is also the fastest-growing major database company.
Globally, more than 76% of all business transactions worldwide
touch an SAP software system. With more than 345,000
customers in more than 180 countries, the SAP Group includes
subsidiaries in all major countries and employs more than
84,100 people.

Our ordinary shares are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) representing SAP SE
ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE). SAP is a member of Germany's DAX, the Dow Jones
EURO STOXxX 50, and the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes. As
at December 31, 2016, SAP was the most valuable company in
the DAX based on market capitalization. For additional
information regarding our stock, see the Investor Relations
section.

Enterprise application software is computer software specifically developed to support and automate
business processes

50

>345,000

customers worldwide

>180

countries where SAP
customers are located

As at December 31, 2016, SAP SE directly or indirectly
controlled a worldwide group of 245 subsidiaries to develop,
distribute, and provide our products, solutions, and services. For
a list of our subsidiaries, associates, and other equity
investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Note (34).

Combined Management Report | Overview of the SAP Group


--- Page 3 ---

Strategy and Business

Model

Impact Through Innovation

SAP's vision is to help the world run better and improve people’s
lives. We strive to make our world a better, more sustainable
place and help solve some of its most complex problems. Our
innovations give us the power to help tackle these issues by
giving our customers, partners, and consumers the tools they
need to have an impact.

We execute on our vision by empowering our customers to
become digital businesses through SAP technology, so they can
address the challenges facing our world today and have an
impact in three vital areas:

— Economy: Economic empowerment comes from purpose-
driven work. SAP software and technology enables
customers to innovate and build strong industries and
infrastructure and to protect the privacy of individuals and
organizations.

— Society: Health, education, and public safety are critical for a
vibrant society. SAP software and technology is addressing
complex challenges around disease prevention and
detection, as well as providing solutions for smarter
government and smarter cities.

— Environment: Climate change touches everyone and will
impact the lives of future generations. SAP software and
technology is helping our customers make the world more
energy efficient, and drive more sustainable supply chains
around the world.

The United Nations has defined 17 Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs) to transform the world’s economy, society, and
environment. These goals are a universal call to action to end
poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that all people enjoy
peace and prosperity. We consider the most relevant of these
goals in the context of our own vision and higher purpose and
they inspire us to achieve this vision.

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model

Society

Achieving the Vision

Supporting our customers’ digital
transformation

To execute our vision, we are helping customers meet the
challenges of today’s changing world, and at the same time,
enabling them to have a positive impact across the economy,
society, and the environment.

Technology is transforming both our society and the way we do
business. People and things are connected like never before.
Entire industries are being disrupted by innovations that seemed
unimaginable only a few years ago. Technology trends such as
cloud computing, Big Data, the Internet of Things (loT), and
artificial intelligence go hand in hand with social trends that are
changing how we live and work.

51


--- Page 4 ---

Organizations need to digitally transform their business
processes and business models to be able to succeed in today's
marketplace. They need to become agile organizations that are
laser focused on driving customer value. They also must
become data-driven and run their business on real-time
information to react to market and customer demands.

By providing a technology platform for innovation and
digitalization, we help our customers with the challenges of
digital transformation. Our solutions enable businesses,
governments, and non-profit organizations in more than 180
countries to become data-driven “live” businesses.

Our platform leverages existing SAP assets that are
complemented by new cloud capabilities and the real-time
applications available in our next-generation business suite

SAP S/4HANA. Our solutions and services — combined with the
talent and expertise of more than 84,100 colleagues and a broad
global ecosystem of partners — puts us in a unique position to
enable our more than 345,000 customers to fulfill their goals.

We want to build on the trust of our existing customers and earn
the trust of new customers. For more information, see the
Customers section.

Executing on our strategy

In the past years, we have built our success in the business
applications market by expanding our product portfolio to help
companies meet the needs of the digital economy. We have
organically innovated with groundbreaking technology such as
SAP HANA and software such as SAP S/4HANA. We have also
expanded our portfolio through acquisitions by integrating
valuable assets in the cloud and business network spaces.

In 2016, we have increased our focus on innovation as it is the
key to long-term success. Our strategy to be the most
innovative cloud company powered by SAP HANA, will help us.
deliver the digital innovation that our customers need. To
execute on this strategy, we are focusing our efforts on the
following key areas:

— Continue to develop market-leading applications

— Scale our platform as the innovation platform for our
ecosystem partners

— Invest in disruptive technologies

— Recruit and retain the right talent

Continue to develop market-leading applications
Our core ERP software is the historic foundation of our strength.
To maintain our market leadership position as this market
rapidly shifts to the cloud, we will continue to innovate and offer
the agility and flexibility our customers require.

We will continue to deliver market-leading applications for ERP,
whether in the cloud or on premise. Further, we will continue to

52

develop best-in class, line-of-business (LoB) cloud applications
combined with real-time analytics, loT capabilities, and industry
add-ons. Finally, we will leverage our expertise to deliver
solutions to help small businesses and midsize companies be
successful.

Scale our platform as the innovation platform for
our ecosystem partners

We built an open cloud platform with cloud application
programming interfaces (APIs), which means the platform can
communicate with multiple sources to support a strong
ecosystem — allowing developers from companies of all sizes to
extend our applications or create new solutions for the digital
economy. Moreover, as the rapidly growing data management
and database market moves to the cloud, our cloud platform
offers companies planning, predictive, visualization, and mobile
capabilities.

We will continue to deliver transformational innovations in the
platform, database, and analytics space. We want developers in
our entire ecosystem and our customers to turn to SAP as their
reference cloud platform and API hub. Finally, we want to ensure
that security remains a trusted feature of all SAP platforms and
applications.

Invest in disruptive technologies

To enable sustainable success, we must prepare for the future.
We will continue to incubate disruptive technologies across a
number of initiatives. We have begun incubating new businesses
using an “open innovation” approach under the umbrella of the
SAP.io program with focus on both internal and external
startups. We are aggressively investing in making our business
applications “intelligent” with machine learning. We are
investing in delivering personalized medicine through a
connected health platform — aligned with our vision of improving
society and healthcare. At the same time, we continue to create
reliable security solutions across all of our products.

For more information about these investments, see the
Products, Research & Development, and Services section.

Recruit and retain the right talent

We cannot bring innovations to our customers without capable,
driven employees. As we strive to be the best place to work in
the enterprise software industry, we look to a diverse and
engaged workforce to drive innovation and value for our
customers. Recruiting the right talent and unleashing their
innovative power is as crucial for SAP as continuing to develop
the talent of existing employees to allow them to realize their full
potential.

For more information, see the Employees and Social
Investments section.

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model


--- Page 5 ---

Keeping a balanced focus on growth

We take a balanced approach on how to grow. We will continue
to focus on organic investments in technology and innovations
to drive our short-term and midterm growth ambitions. We will
continue to look at unleashing the full potential of our
employees’ talent as well as strategic partnerships with our
ecosystem to foster innovation.

Additionally, we may also acquire targeted “tuck-in”
technologies to add to our broad solution offerings and improve
coverage in key strategic markets. In 2016, SAP made the
following smaller tuck-in acquisitions:

— Altiscale, a company providing high-performance, scalable
Big Data-as-a-service (BDaaS) solutions, will help SAP
accelerate and operationalize the deployment of Big Data in
the enterprise.

— Fedem Technology, a forward-thinking loT company, will
help SAP build next-generation, end-to-end loT solutions that
not only support predictive maintenance but also Industry
4.0 scenarios.

— Hipmunk, a leader in innovative travel search, will bring a
consumer-like experience for business travelers.

— PLAT.ONE, a leading enterprise-grade loT provider, will help
SAP enhance complex loT capabilities in SAP Cloud Platform
(formerly called SAP HANA Cloud Platform).

Investing in the next generation of
technology leaders

For 20 years, through venture capital funds managed by
Sapphire Ventures, SAP has supported entrepreneurs that
aspire to build industry-leading businesses. Sapphire Ventures
currently has over US$2 billion under management and has
invested in more than 130 companies on five continents — in
growth-stage technology companies as well as early-stage
venture capital funds. Sapphire Ventures pursues opportunities

Outlook and Results for 2016

in which it can help fuel growth by adding expertise,
relationships, geographic reach, and capital. It places a
particular focus on companies in Europe, Israel, and the United
States.

Additionally, we launched a new SAP.io Fund to focus on
strategic, early stage investments aligned with our SAP.io
innovation initiatives. This US$35 million fund will focus on
“catalyzing” a startup ecosystem that can leverage or enrich
SAP data sets, platform technologies, or business workflows. It
is operated in partnership with Sapphire Ventures.

For more information about our consolidated investment funds,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note
(34).

Financial Business Model

We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for:

— Support, professional services, development, training, and
other services

— Licensing of on-premise software products and solutions

— Use of our cloud solutions

— Activity in our business networks

Measuring Our Success
We believe the most important indicators to measure our
success comprise both financial and non-financial indicators:

- Growth

— Profitability

— Customer loyalty

— Employee engagement

The table below provides an overview of the specific key
performance indicators (KPIs) used to measure performance,
as well as our goals and actual performance.

Strategic Objective KPI 2016 2016
Outlook* Achievement
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) | (non-IFRS, at constant currencies)
Cloud subscripti id
ue suosenptions an €3.00bn to €3.05bn €3.0lbn
support revenue
Growth
Cloud and software revenue +6.5% to +8.5% +8%
Profitability Operating profit €6.5bn to €6.7bn €6.60bn
Customer Loyalty Customer Net Promoter Score 25% 19.2%
Employee Engagement | Employee Engagement Index 82% 85%

* The outlook was communicated in January 2016 and raised in October 2016.

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model

53



--- Page 6 ---

Outlook for 2017 and Ambitions for 2020

Strategic Objective KPI 2016 2017 Outlook 2020
(non-IFRS) (non-IFRS, at Ambition
constant currencies) (non-IFRS)
Cloud subscriptions and €2.99bn €3.8bn to €4.0bn €8.0bn to €8.5bn
support revenue
Cloud and software revenue €18.43bn +6% to +8%
Growth
Total revenue €22.07bn €23.2 to €23.6bn €28bn to €29bn
Share of more predictable 61% 70% to 75%
revenue’
Profitability Operating profit €6.63bn €6.8bn to €7.0bn €8.5bn to €9.0bn
Customer Loyalty Customer Net Promoter Score 19.2% 21% to 23% 35% to 40%
Employee Engagement | Employee Engagement Index 85% 84% to 86% 84% to 86%

* Support and cloud subscriptions - share of total revenue

54

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model



--- Page 7 ---

Products, Research &
Development, and

Services
>5,400

SAP S/4HANA customers

Empowering Our Customers to
Become Digital Businesses

In 2016, we continued to give top priority to supporting our
customers on their individual paths into the digital economy,
defining our strategy around the following cornerstones:

— Enabling business with a digital data foundation

— Running business with modern business applications and
business networks

— Differentiating business with a digital enterprise platform

— Steering business with real-time analytics

— Reinventing business with machine learning and the
Internet of Things

— Making companies’ digital transformations possible with SAP
Digital Business Services

SAP HANA - Enabling Business with a
Digital Data Foundation

SAP HANA is our in-memory computing platform that lets
companies accelerate business processes, deliver more
business intelligence, and simplify their IT environment.

SAP HANA removes the burden of maintaining separate legacy
systems and siloed data, so companies can run live and
business people can make better business decisions in the new
digital economy. Emphasizing our cloud-first strategy,

SAP HANA can be deployed on several public cloud
infrastructures.

With our second version of SAP HANA, we launched a truly next-
generation platform. It enables the reduction of time-consuming
database and data management tasks and delivers intelligent

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services

>2.5m

connected companies using
Ariba Network

€3,044 m

R&D expense in 2016 (IFRS)

applications that leverage advanced analytic processing and
empowers all users with deeper insight into any data from
anywhere.

Our cloud-first strategy requires a very strong offering to handle
Big Data in the cloud. With SAP Cloud Platform Big Data Service,
which is powered by SAP HANA, we run multitenant-aware
Hadoop systems and provide end-to-end capabilities to
efficiently manage and scale Big Data initiatives.

Running Business with Modern Business
Applications and Business Networks

SAP S/4HANA - Reimagining the Business Suite
for the Digital Age

SAP S/4HANA, our next-generation business suite, allows our
customers to embrace the digital economy. The digital core is
the foundation for running a Live Business:

— Immediate — Empowering business users with insights to act
in the moment

— Intelligent - Going beyond automation to provide predictive
suggestions

— Integrated — Connecting not only customer functions but
also people, things, and businesses

Based on SAP HANA, SAP S/4HANA software can store and
process huge amounts of data while significantly reducing an
organization's data footprint. This means our customers can
save time and cost.

Available in the cloud, on premise, or as a hybrid deployment, in
2016, SAP S/4HANA evolved from a finance-focused offering

55


--- Page 8 ---

into a full digital-age ERP system. It enables insight and
understanding so businesses can predict outcomes and use that
data to make decisions live, which helps companies stay
competitive in the digital economy. SAP S/4HANA can replace a
traditional ERP solution across all lines of business (LoBs), such
as finance, human resources, sales, service, procurement,
manufacturing, asset management, supply chain, and research
and development (R&D).

Customers recognize the benefits and power of SAP S/4HANA
and, at the end of 2016, more than 5,400 customers had chosen
the suite to support their digital transformation.

SAP S/4HANA Cloud - Delivering the Power of
the Digital Core

In addition to our on-premise suite SAP S/4HANA, we further
strengthened our SAP S/4HANA Cloud offering, delivering the
power of a digital core with the key benefits expected froma
software-as-a-service solution. It provides the scalability, ease
of management, and security required in today’s digital
economy. A quarterly release cycle helps ensure that customers
can benefit from regularly delivered innovations with minimum
disruption to their business.

SAP S/4HANA Cloud is comprised of various solutions targeted
to meet the specific business needs of our customers and
enable their journey to the cloud. For example, the

SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management Cloud solution provides
anext-generation ERP suite in the cloud with integrated, end-to-
end processes.

SAP S/4HANA Cloud was developed to co-exist in a
heterogeneous system landscape with native integration to
other SAP solutions and open interfaces for further integration
and extensions using SAP Cloud Platform (formerly called SAP
HANA Cloud Platform). The solution also supports specific
industry and LoB requirements with preconfigured content from
SAP Best Practices packages and uses the award-winning SAP
Fiori user experience (UX) to provide simplified, role-based
usability.

Extending Our Reach Through a Broad Ecosystem
SAP's ecosystem and partners extend our reach in the
marketplace. We work closely with more than 15,000 partners
worldwide to provide SAP solutions for our customers. Partners.
continue to drive SAP S/4HANA and our solutions for small
businesses and midsize enterprises (SMEs) — SAP Business
ByDesign and SAP Business One — to prospects on behalf of
SAP, accounting for more than 88% of all new SAP customers.

Innovating for LoBs and Industries

As amodular integrated suite, SAP S/4HANA is the backbone of
acompany. And, at the same time, we are building functional
innovations for LoBs and industries to address our customers’
specific and evolving needs.

56

SAP covers 25 industries grouped in six industry sectors and 12

lines of business:

Industry Sector

Industry Portfolio

Consumer

SAP for Consumer Products

SAP for Life Sciences

SAP for Retail

SAP for Wholesale Distribution

Discrete manufacturing

SAP for Aerospace & Defense

SAP for Automotive

SAP for High Tech

SAP for Industrial Machinery &
Components

Energy and natural resources

SAP for Chemicals

SAP for Mill Products

SAP for Mining

SAP for Oil & Gas

SAP for Utilities

Financial services

SAP for Banking

SAP for Insurance

Public services

SAP for Defense & Security

SAP for Healthcare

SAP for Higher Education &
Research

SAP for Public Sector

Services

Lines of Business

SAP for Engineering, Construction
& Operations

SAP for Media

SAP for Professional Services

SAP for Sports & Entertainment

SAP for Telecommunications

SAP for Travel & Transportation

Asset Management

Commerce

Finance

Human Resources

Manufacturing

Marketing

R&D/Engineering

Sales

Service

Sourcing and Procurement

Supply Chain

Sustainability

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services


--- Page 9 ---

In addition, we are building other functional innovations that
serve specific lines of business, for example:

Human Capital Management

Our human capital management (HCM) offerings, including SAP
SuccessFactors solutions, help organizations increase the value
of their total workforce by developing, managing, engaging, and
empowering their people. SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite
addresses a full range of HR needs and encompasses the
following:

— Core human resources — SAP SuccessFactors Employee
Central and SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central Payroll
solutions cover the administrative tasks required to manage
an organization's workforce. More specifically, this includes
HR administration, payroll, position management, global
benefits, time and attendance, shared services, and
employee and manager self-service capabilities. The
solutions act as the key source of employee and worker data
and typically integrate with hundreds of external and internal
systems, including SAP S/4HANA. At the end of 2016,
customers for SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central
numbered more than 1,580.

— Talent management — Our suite comprises solutions for all
pillars of talent management, recruiting (marketing and
management), onboarding, performance management,
development, succession planning, compensation planning
and administration, learning, and workforce analytics.

We focus on delivering a simple and intuitive UX for our HCM
suite through mobile device or desktop.

Customer Engagement and Commerce (CEC)

Today's customers are digitally connected, socially networked,
and individually empowered, changing the rules of engagement.
Our integrated front-office suite encompasses a holistic offering
across customer experience, commerce, marketing, sales,
billing, and services.

By providing leading omnichannel customer engagement and
commerce solutions across any touch point and channel, we
enable organizations (both business-to-consumer and business-
to-business) to deliver contextual, consistent, and relevant
experiences — regardless of channel or device — throughout the
customer journey.

Connecting Companies with Business Networks
Our business networks are best-in-class cloud applications that
connect a global ecosystem of customers, suppliers, and
partners. The products and services go beyond the four walls of
a business to integrate and connect systems, services, partners,
and data — creating more efficient, more powerful, and far
simpler ways to manage key business functions. They provide
the outcomes and experiences business users need through
open and connected platforms.

Included in the business networks portfolio are SAP’s market-
leading Concur, SAP Ariba, and SAP Fieldglass solutions, which
are at the center of our business network strategy.

Ariba Network is the world's largest business network, with
more than 2.5 million connected companies trading over
US$885 billion of commerce on the network, which has grown
its commerce volume close to 20% year-over-year. In 2016, we
unveiled innovations that help businesses achieve efficient,
intelligent connections and frictionless transactions across the
entire source-to-pay process:

— Guided buying — A new buying experience automatically
leads employees to goods and services they need to do their
jobs and execute purchases in compliance with company
policies.

— Light enablement — This interactive e-mail service eliminates
the complexity that buyers face in onboarding and
connecting suppliers, letting them send purchase orders and
receive order confirmations and invoices in just a few clicks.

— Open platform — Ariba Network offers an open application-
programming interface (API) capability that allows partners
to add functionality and extend solutions for all industries and
business needs.

With more than 45 million users worldwide, our acquired
company Concur is the world leader in travel and expense
management solutions. In 2016, Concur continued to deliver on
our vision of an open cloud platform for travel and expense
management that enables an effortless experience for end users
as well as finance departments. It provides total transparency
into employee travel and spending, wherever and whenever it
happens.

New innovations for travel, expense, and accounts payable
automation in Concur solutions include:

— User interface improvements and the addition of many
region-specific partners to our ecosystem

— Integration with the SAP ERP Financials and Intuit
Quickbooks solutions

— Expansion of global tax capabilities

— Additional features in the Concur Invoice solution to help
ensure a three-way match between purchase, receipt, and
invoicing

SAP Fieldglass solutions help simplify procuring and managing
external workforce services, connecting businesses in real time.
In 2016, more than 3.1 million workers in approximately 135
countries were connected using the solution.

Market changes, including globalization and access to talent,
have led many organizations to increasingly rely on contingent
workers and service providers to achieve business goals. SAP
Fieldglass cloud-based solutions also help companies engage
and optimize all forms of talent. The software dynamically

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 57


--- Page 10 ---

matches business needs with the right combination of resources
while helping to ensure visibility, compliance, and cost control.

In 2016, we continued to redefine how work gets done in the
enterprise, with innovations in SAP Fieldglass solutions
including streamlined services procurement templates and
extended flexible talent-sourcing capabilities.

Data Network

Our business data network offers a comprehensive, people-first
data-as-a-service solution that provides real-time, industry-
specific, and data-driven benchmarks built on the world's
largest repository of networked business data and enriched by
key industrial and economic indicators. In 2016, we produced a
beta version of the first data-driven service based on contingent
workforce data. The highly personalized user experience helps
customers discover their standing in the market so that they can
take advantage of live recommendations and collaboration
workflows that turn insights into action. Using data strategically
in this way, customers can operate more efficiently and create
new data-driven business models.

SAP Connected Health

Building on many years of work in the healthcare and life
sciences industries, SAP has deepened its investment in these
areas. In 2016, we launched a SAP Connected Health platform
with trusted partners. The platform supports new developments
such as using very large data sets to conduct in-depth analysis
of the human genome, proteome, and other biological data. It
also enables a broad ecosystem of partners — including
developers, researchers, and healthcare organizations — to
accelerate the development and delivery of innovative, patient-
centered solutions for improving health outcomes, reducing
costs, and delivering connected healthcare services.

Building Better Solutions for Small and
Midsize Enterprises

We offer a portfolio that extends the power of SAP HANA to.
support SMEs with their digital transformation that includes the
followings solutions:

— SAP Anywhere: Our front-office solution for small businesses
has been on the market for just over a year in China, the
United Kingdom, and the United States. Currently, more than
185 customers are running SAP Anywhere.

— SAP Business ByDesign: Our ERP cloud solution is targeted
to the midmarket and subsidiaries of large enterprises. At the
end of 2016, 99% of SAP Business ByDesign customers ran
the solution on SAP HANA.

— SAP Business One: Our integrated ERP application is
available on premise or through a partner-hosted cloud.
Today, more than 2,000 SAP Business One customers run
the application on SAP HANA.

Our focus for SMEs, as with larger enterprises, is on cloud
technology and simplified business processes for end users and
partners. End-to-end accountability and increased investments
in these core cloud ERP, on-premise ERP, and front-office
solutions helps foster innovation and growth for the digital
economy. Customers using SME solutions include small
businesses and midsize companies in more than 100 countries.

Keeping User Experience in Focus

User experience (UX) is about meeting the user’s needs in the
most effective and enjoyable way. Our understanding of how to
create true innovation manifests itself in the award-winning SAP
Fiori UX. The concept and design principles are key components
in our design-led development process, which helps ensure the
delivery of SAP Fiori innovations through all SAP applications.

With SAP Fiori 2.0, users can get their work done faster and
more effectively, with:

— Direct access to relevant information and apps

— Transparency on items needing attention and timely
notifications

— Support in deciding what needs to be done next

— Ability to perform quick and informed actions

At the same time, our UX strategy focuses on empowering our
customers and partners to design their own UX journey and
execute on it — through a rich portfolio of services, educational
offerings, and tools and technologies to design, develop, and
deliver a simplified UX.

SAP Cloud Platform -— Differentiating
Business with a Digital Enterprise Platform

In the digital economy, in addition to standard applications,
companies need a highly flexible platform that allows them to do
the following:

— Extend cloud and on-premise SAP applications
— Build new applications for differentiating LoB processes
— Integrate cloud and on-premise SAP applications

With SAP Cloud Platform, our in-memory platform-as-a-service,
companies can rapidly build, run, and extend modern business
applications. It offers comprehensive capabilities to help
business users and developers create better, more agile
applications in less time. Customers can apply, among other
things, mobile services, advanced analytic tools, state-of-the-art
authentication mechanisms, and social functionality. For
maximum flexibility, portability, and agility, we use open
technologies.

SAP Cloud Platform is a digital enterprise platform offering the
following:

58 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services


--- Page 11 ---

— Analytical capabilities

— Access to SAP applications, processes, and data

— Robust business services that customers and independent
software vendors can consume to build solutions

Furthermore, we are positioning the SAP Cloud Platform
Integration service as the default integration infrastructure for
SAP solutions, whether in the cloud or on premise. We deliver
content to support end-to-end integration scenarios. Being able
to connect and integrate all best-of-breed applications to our
digital core and to any custom-built solution makes

SAP Cloud Platform the center of gravity for a modular suite of
business applications.

Close partnerships with customers and other leading technology
companies are key to providing best-in-class solutions. In 2016,
we announced a strategic partnership with Apple Inc. to build a
SAP Cloud Platform software development kit for iOS that
enables businesses, designers, and developers to quickly and
efficiently build their own native iOS apps for iPhones and iPads.

Steering Business with Real-Time Analytics

Business leaders need to be able to discover and communicate
meaningful and actionable insights in data so they can make
decisions in real time. Our analytics offerings help companies to
apply analytics to business data to describe, predict, and
improve business performance, recommend action, and guide
decision making.

With SAP BW/4HANA, we launched next-generation data
warehouse software, delivering a simpler and more powerful
way to achieve real-time analytics by connecting historical data
with live data stored in SAP and third-party software
environments. This integrated data warehouse solution is
optimized to fully leverage the SAP HANA platform and
simplifies development, administration, and the user interface,
resulting in enhanced business agility.

We consolidated analytical functionalities across our product
portfolio in one cloud analytics solution - SAP BusinessObjects
Cloud. Built on SAP Cloud Platform, it helps companies
overcome the challenge of point solutions and data silos spread
throughout the organization with enterprise-wide access to
analytics delivered through a public cloud experience.

For the SAP Digital Boardroom solution, which offers executive
decision makers ease and elegance in accessing company data
in real time, we released new industry-specific and LoB-specific
content for consumer products, chemicals, engineering,
construction, operations, and public sector, as well as HR,
finance, and marketing LoBs.

Reinventing Business with the Internet of
Things and Machine Learning

There is no topic that typifies the digital transformation more
than the Internet of Things (loT). The loT is a network of physical
objects with embedded sensors to detect their environment and
interact with business processes and systems. This builds a
foundation for entirely new business models and completely
digitized, connected businesses. Intelligent sensors, ubiquitous
connectivity, and unlimited data storage are driving innovation
and leading to a deeper integration of people, processes, data,
and things — in one connected world.

Our loT solutions, now marketed under the new SAP Leonardo
brand, help companies digitally transform their manufacturing,
logistics, and asset management processes and respond to the
needs of a digital business in a highly individualized, consumer-
driven economy. We strive to become a trusted partner for loT
that helps our customers link sensor data with business
processes and thereby add value. With our end-to-end SAP
Leonardo solutions for connected logistics, connected
manufacturing, and connected assets, for example, we offer a
comprehensive portfolio of standard loT software, both cross-
industry and industry specific. Furthermore, in November 2016,
we announced the SAP IoT Application Enablement toolkit,
providing services that allow our customers to build their own
loT applications.

Research and Innovation — Innovating for Future
Growth

With businesses shifting, leading our customers through change
is more important than ever before. We do this every day by
empowering our employees and collaborating with our
customers to develop world-class software and next-generation
solutions. We further strengthened our global research and
development (R&D) efforts in 2016 by investing in our SAP Labs
network and expanding our SAP Innovation Center locations in
India, Israel, and the United States.

Through the SAP Innovation Center concept, we explore
unconventional ideas and develop inspiring proofs of concept in
a startup-like environment. We strive to open up new markets.
for SAP software and accelerate the integration of emerging
technologies into our core products. Some of these innovations
include:

— Machine learning — Making all existing SAP solutions
intelligent, bringing machine-learning services and APIs to
our platform, and building intelligent business solutions in
new and adjacent markets. To emphasize the importance of
this topic, we have introduced the new brand SAP Clea that
represents our entire machine learning portfolio.

— Blockchain — Exploring the potential of digital finance to
radically change how business transactions are conducted in
the future and its impact on existing products and innovation
potential of blockchain across industries.

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 59


--- Page 12 ---

— Future enterprise applications — Enabling companies to
successfully lead the next economic revolution by developing
game-changing business applications to process intangible
assets, provide contextual user assistance, and manage new
business models.

We draw on the ideas of customers, partners, startups,
academia, and, most importantly, our own employees. We want
to foster organic innovation and support the transformation of
great ideas into profitable business.

Investing in Research and
Development

SAP's strong commitment to R&D is reflected in our
expenditures (see figure below).

Research and Development (IFRS)

€ millions | change since previous year

3,044

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
In 2016, our non-IFRS R&D expense as a portion of total
operating expenses increased from 18.3% to 18.4% year over
year. Our IFRS R&D expense ratio increased from 17.2% to
18.0%. At the end of 2016, our total full-time equivalent (FTE)
headcount in development work was 23,363 (2015: 20,938).
Measured in FTEs, our R&D headcount was 28% of total

headcount (2015: 27%).

Total R&D expense not only includes our own personnel costs
but also the external cost of work and services from the
providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver and
enhance our products. We also incur external costs for the
following:

— Translating, localizing, and testing products

— Obtaining certification for products in different markets
— Patent attorney services and fees

— Strategy consulting

— Professional development of our R&D workforce

Patents

SAP actively seeks intellectual property protection for
innovations and proprietary information. Our software
innovations continue to strengthen our market position in
business solutions and services. Our investment in R&D has
resulted in numerous patents. As at December 31, 2016, SAP
held a total of more than 8,000 validated patents worldwide. Of
these, 841 were granted and validated in 2016.

While our intellectual property is important to our success, we
believe our business as a whole is not dependent on one
particular or a combination of patents.

Making Digital Transformation
Possible with SAP Digital Business
Services

SAP offers a comprehensive portfolio of services and support
designed to help our customers deploy their software faster and
more efficiently — so they can focus more on innovations and
realize faster, greater ROI. We provide tailored support to our
customers to help them run live in the digital economy.

Through our SAP Digital Business Services unit, SAP aims to
standardize services, not recreate them each time — helping
companies and organizations reimagine their businesses in the
new economy using a digital business framework.

We are accelerating the realization of the digital enterprise with
game-changing engagements for predictive maintenance and
warranty, analytics to manage Big Data, and connected
intelligent manufacturing, among others.

Innovations from SAP Digital Business
Services

SAP Digital Business Services offers an entire portfolio of
services. Some of our top innovations in 2016 to help customers
transform to a digital business include:

— SAP Value Assurance service packages for SAP S/4HANA

— Latest generation of SAP Solution Manager and SAP Model
Company

— Next-generation support

— SAP Digital: Expanding the reach of SAP Store and
messaging services

SAP Value Assurance Service Packages

Our SAP Value Assurance service packages for SAP S/4HANA
cover all project phases and scenarios to help customers
migrate from SAP ERP to SAP S/4HANA. This includes:

— System conversion

— Landscape transformation

— Newimplementations

— On-premise, cloud, and hybrid deployment options

60 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services


--- Page 13 ---

The approach consolidates services and embedded support in
four distinct phases:

— Plan and safeguard — Defining the implementation strategy,
including dependencies and prerequisites for the target
architecture

— Technical implementation — Focusing on the technical
aspects of implementation, including data and system
migration, high availability, and disaster recovery

— Migrate and implement — Implementing functions with
preconfigured setup and ready-to-use business process
templates, and analyzing operational impact

— Innovate and optimize — Expanding the context of innovation
beyond the digital core to reimagine business models across
the enterprise

The packages utilize the SAP Activate methodology, an
innovation adoption framework that combines SAP Best
Practices packages, implementation methodology, and guided
configuration to help streamline deployment.

Partners also play a key role in innovation adoption. Our open
engagement approach has motivated many of our larger
services partners to focus more on establishing SAP S/4HANA
as the digital core.

SAP Solution Manager and SAP Model Company
SAP Solution Manager manages SAP software implementations
from cloud to on premise and hybrid, and is currently rolled out
as the delivery platform for SAP Digital Business Services. It
addresses both IT and business needs.

The solution gives customers real-time transparency,
automation, and control to adopt and manage innovations.
Process experts and solution architects can explore new
industry models earlier, accessing all SAP Best Practices
packages.

We also offer a new modeling environment. SAP Model
Company is an accelerator service that helps simplify innovation
adoption. It combines standard SAP software, SAP Best
Practices packages, SAP Rapid Deployment solutions, and
content from SAP Activate. Customers can develop repeatable
implementation scenarios and access the latest innovations for
their future projects. It helps to decrease effort and ensure
project success on time and within budget. The service enables
customers to accelerate implementations, reduce total cost of
ownership, and get up and running quickly.

It is a ready-to-use solution that supports critical decision
phases such as discovery and prototype. We provide the full
system landscape with detailed business content and
documentation and help lower time to value with versions
specific to industries and lines of business.

Next-Generation Support

Traditional businesses are becoming digital enterprises. With
more business processes “running live,” product support must
be less reactive and much more proactive, predictive, and
available at any moment; in other words, live support.

Our product support has implemented a next-generation
support approach that includes real-time support. Named
Expert Chat, this live support channel offers direct access to our
experts, available for the majority of our solutions. Moreover, a
universal, toll-free phone number harmonizes interaction with
support across almost all of our products. We also offer
customers a way to search for answers to product-related
questions, by making knowledge located within SAP searchable
using Google. Automating tasks with intelligent, context-
sensitive tools provides customers with solutions proactively.

Customers also demand a seamless, omnichannel support
experience. We plan to address this by implementing functions
such as built-in, mobile, and social media-enabled support.

In addition, we launched an SAP Preferred Care offering as a
premium support option for on-premise customers transitioning
to digital business models. It complements the already existing
SAP Preferred Care Cloud offering. The offering is an
enhancement to our foundation support offerings, namely

SAP Enterprise Support, and includes:

— Advanced service-level agreements
— Additional services
— Dedicated contacts

SAP Digital

End users can buy both SAP and partner offerings using one-
click contracts and digital payments by credit card or PayPal.
Customers can discover, try, buy, use, and renew solutions ina
simple online interaction. In 2016, customers from 95 different
countries placed more than 55,000 orders digitally.

At the same time, SAP also provides a wide variety of intelligent,
interconnected messaging and communication services that
reach 97% of the world’s mobile subscribers and connect
billions of things. Top social media companies rely on SAP.
solutions to reach their customers worldwide. In 2016, more
than 350 billion messages passed through our networks.

We are incubating several new initiatives to more rapidly grow
our digital business and expand into new areas — for example,
integrating messaging services into our own applications.

A Partner on the Journey to Digital
Transformation
SAP will continue to support our customers’ digital

transformation through innovative software, ongoing R&D, and
proactive services. By reimagining our business suite and

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 61


--- Page 14 ---

providing world-class software, we empower businesses to
continue to succeed in the new digital economy. Together, we
are a force that helps further economic development, social
progress, and minimizes environmental impact — and makes the
world run better.

62 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services


--- Page 15 ---

Security, Privacy, and
Data Protection

Meeting Today’s Data Protection
Challenges

Every day, organizations all around the world trust SAP with
their data — either in their own premises, in the cloud, or on the
move using mobile devices. Our customers need to know that
we will keep that data safe, process it ina manner that complies
with local legislation, and protect it from malicious use.

For this reason, data protection and security is of paramount
importance to us. We have implemented safeguards to help
enable the privacy rights of everyone whose data is processed
by SAP, whether they are our customers, prospects, employees,
or partners. In addition, we work towards compliance with all
relevant legal requirements for data protection. Our global
security officer and data protection and privacy officer report to
our Executive Board and regularly monitor the compliance of all
activities in these areas.

Facing Increasing Risks in IT Security
Safeguarding data is an increasingly challenging task today.
Companies are collecting and storing more data than ever
before from more and more sources. No longer is data locked
away in an on-premise mainframe requiring physical security.

Data now proliferates outside the four walls of businesses with
multiple endpoints exposed and vulnerable to attack. Moreover,
the sheer number of and the sophistication of attacks facing
businesses are at an all-time high. We are seeing the
“commercialization of hacking” while new advanced persistent
threats can bypass many traditional security protection
techniques.

Establishing a Comprehensive
Security Vision

At SAP, we want our customers and employees to be able to use
our software and services anywhere, from any device, at any
time, with confidence and trust. However, the growing risk and
occurrence of cyberattacks reinforces the need to keep critical
information systems secure.

Consequently, for SAP and for our customers, security means
more than just meeting compliance demands. To secure the
SAP software landscape, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of
security products, services, and secure support as well as

security consulting. They help our customers build security and
privacy protection capabilities into their businesses.

Several of our security measures extend across all sectors of
our company and thus to all of our products and services. These
measures include, among other things, the regular training of
employees on the subject of IT security and data protection,
including the handling of confidential information and ensuring
controlled and restrictive access to customer information. In
addition, we have developed a three-pronged strategy focusing
on the security of our products, operations, and organization:

Secure Products Strategy: Champion Product Security
Businesses use SAP applications to process mission-critical
transactional data which can be highly attractive to cyber
attackers. Our secure products strategy focuses on
incorporating security features into our applications to minimize
the risk of a security breach.

Our secure software development lifecycle is at the heart of this
strategy. This provides a comprehensive methodological
approach for incorporating security features into our
applications. Before a release decision is made, our software is
validated by independent IT security experts. This team then
addresses any recommendations made before we release the
application.

This approach conforms to the ISO/IEC 27034 standard for
application security and is closely embedded into our ISO 9001-
certified process framework for developing standard software.

Secure Operations Strategy: Running Secure Operations
Our secure operations strategy focuses on the security
principles of “confidentiality, integrity, and availability” to ensure
overall protection of our business, as well as our customers’
businesses. Our mission is to provide a comprehensive end-to-
end cloud and IT operations security framework — from system
and data access and system hardening to security patch
management, security monitoring, and end-to-end incident
handling. This involves the implementation of key security
measures across all layers including physical assets as well as
process-integrated controls.

Furthermore, our secure operations approach concentrates on
the early identification of any deviations from the standards
defined in our security framework. Deviations are identified

Combined Management Report | Security, Privacy, and Data Protection 63


--- Page 16 ---

through a combination of automated and manual reviews.
Performed by third parties as well as by SAP colleagues, these
reviews verify compliance with international standards and SAP
global security standards.

Industry best-practice certifications are key success factors for
our secure operations strategy. Many of our cloud solutions
undergo Service Organization Control (SOC) audits ISAE3402,
SSAE16 SOC | Type II, and SSAE16 SOC II Type Il. The SOC
standards are harmonized with a number of ISO certifications
including ISO 9001, 27001, and 22301.

Secure Company Strategy: Taking a Holistic Approach to
the Security of Our Business

At SAP, we take a holistic approach to the security of our
company, encompassing processes, technology, and
employees. At the heart of our secure company strategy is an
efficient information security management system anda
security governance model that brings together all of the
different aspects of security. These include the following three
main areas:

— Security culture: Awareness and compliance with our
security policy and standards are fostered through regular
mandatory training, assessments, and reporting.

— Secure environments: Comprehensive physical security
measures are in place to ensure the security of our data
centers and development sites so that we can protect
buildings and facilities effectively.

— Business continuity: A corporate continuity framework
aimed at having robust governance in place at all times is
reviewed on an annual basis to adapt to new or changed
business needs.

Complying with Data Protection and
Privacy Legislation

When processing data about employees, applicants, customers,
suppliers, and partners, SAP respects and protects their right to
data protection and privacy while implementing appropriate
security measures. We develop and support our data protection
and privacy strategy in accordance with our business strategy.

To comply with applicable data protection laws, SAP has
adopted a global data protection and privacy policy. It outlines a
Group-wide minimum standard for handling personal data in
compliance with data protection and privacy laws. The policy
defines requirements for all operational processes that affect
the processing of or access to personal data, as well as
providing clear responsibilities and organizational structures.
We actively monitor changes to applicable laws and regulations
so that we can update our standards on an ongoing basis.

We have also implemented a wide range of measures to protect
data controlled by SAP and SAP customers from unauthorized
access and processing, as well as from accidental loss or

destruction. These include, among others, the implementation
of our data protection management system in areas critical to
data protection. This system is certified on a yearly basis by the
British Standards Institute.

In 2016, SAP did not experience any significant incidents
regarding breaches of customer privacy or losses of customer
data. There were no incidents reported subject to the provisions
of the German Federal Data Protection Act.

64 Combined Management Report | Security, Privacy, and Data Protection


--- Page 17 ---

Customers
>345,000

customers around the world

Continuing to Build Strong Customer
Relationships

Customer loyalty is one of our four corporate objectives, along
with growth, profitability, and employee engagement. In 2016,
our combined on-premise and cloud Customer Net Promoter
Score (Customer NPS) was 19.2% (2015: 22.4%). As we further
harmonize processes in acquired entities, the customer
segments used for customer surveys has not yet been
completely harmonized across the SAP Group. Specifically, due
to the nature of the business, the Concur customer sample
includes a higher proportion of general business customers in
comparison to other Group entities. As a result, Concur
responses make up a large proportion of the total customer
sample.

While we continue to have a positive Customer NPS, we did not
reach our target of 25% in 2016. As a response to the feedback
received from our customers throughout 2016, we have focused
on improving the quality of our follow-up process to ensure a
timely resolution of customer issues. We have provided more
insight into how customers can migrate to our innovations
without disrupting their business processes. With a sustained
emphasis on follow-up, we are targeting a combined Customer
NPS of 21% to 23% in 2017, with our medium-term goal of
reaching a combined Customer NPS of 35% to 40% by 2020.

For more information about the Customer NPS, see the
Performance Management System section.

Continuing Strong Customer
Demand

We help companies transform into digital businesses. In 2016,
we saw customers do so by licensing or subscribing to the full
range of SAP software, from comprehensive solutions for large
enterprises to the latest mobile apps.

Combined Management Report | Customers

19.2%

Customer Net Promoter Score 2016

Some examples by region include the following customers:

North America and Latin America

(Americas) Region

— The Dow Chemical Company, based in the United States,
has decided to deepen their relationship in SAP through the
investment in SAP HANA, including a future state vision
around SAP S/4HANA in support of their business objectives

— Hershey, headquartered in the United States, is upgrading to
the SAP S/4HANA suite to achieve enterprise connectivity
through access to actionable information at the right time for
everyone, anywhere. The large chocolate manufacturer will
gain real-time insights from both operational and other data
and can simplify global business processes to drive
efficiencies and scale.

— Itad Unibanco Holding, based in Brazil and one of the top 20
banks in the world by market value, is currently using the SAP
HANA platform. It recently added Ariba Network, through
which Itau joins the SAP marketplace for business-to-
business transactions.

— Live Nation, the global leader for live entertainment based in
the United States, has purchased Concur Travel & Expense to
meet the needs for an end-to-end travel solution from travel
request, to online and agent assisted travel planning through
to trip reimbursement. Important in the selection process
was a full-featured mobile app, exceptional end-user
experience, robust analytics and reporting, the ability to
integrate with existing Live Nation systems, and the flexibility
to configure to their travel policy and business practices.

— Mexico Proyectos Y Desarollos chose SAP Ariba Buying,
advanced edition, SAP Ariba Strategic Sourcing, and the
SAP HANA platform to standardize operative, strategic
sourcing, and management processes while achieving better
corporate negotiations and reducing maverick purchases.
The construction infrastructure company expects to
transform procurement processes by leveraging

65


--- Page 18 ---

technological innovation and fully achieve its functional and
automatization needs.

Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Region

— Cathay Pacific, based in Hong Kong, chose SAP S/4HANA
and the SAP HANA platform to simplify its business process,
enable operational-level reporting directly from the airline
company’s operational system, and provide the foundation
for further system migrations.

China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina),
China's biggest chemical group and a Fortune Global 500
company, has invested heavily in overseas acquisitions. It
chose SAP S/4HANA, the SAP HANA platform, the SAP
NetWeaver Master Data Management component, and the
SAP BusinessObjects Planning and Consolidation application
to keep pace with rapid organizational expansion. Through
this partnership, ChemChina is leveraging SAP's leading
technology to redefine its IT strategy, optimize IT
infrastructure, improve efficiency and business insights, and
prepare for a transition to Industry 4.0.

NTUC Fairprice, one of Singapore's largest retailers, chose
the SAP HANA platform, SAP Payroll Processing, and SAP
SuccessFactors Recruiting Posting solutions to improve
employee productivity and engagement. As a customer-
oriented retailer, the company also strives to boost
productivity and raise overall customer-satisfaction levels by
simplifying processes, automating manual practices, and
obtaining detailed insights from integrated analytics.
Rockland Distilleries in Sri Lanka has chosen the SAP Hybris
Cloud for Customer solution over competitors to lead the
company through its digital transformation journey. The
solution will help increase the productivity of its salespeople
and gather business insights that will enable it to make
strategic and transformational decisions.

Roy Hill Mining Operation is an independent iron ore
operation with a project to become the largest single ore
mine in Australia. The project is turning to SAP software,
including SAP S/4HANA, the SAP Multiresource Scheduling
application, and the SAP Integrated Business Planning
solution, to view its inventory in real time, make informed
decisions on maintenance activities, and manage its supply
chain costs more effectively.

Europe, Middle East, and Africa

(EMEA) Region

— Barry Callebaut, based in Switzerland, is one of the world's
leading suppliers of high-quality chocolate and cocoa
products. It has implemented SAP solutions to integrate
65,000 small-scale cocoa farmers in Céte d'Ivoire, enable
sustainable cocoa farming, and improve the livelihood of
farmers, their families, and their communities. The company
recently went live with the SAP Rural Sourcing Management
solution, an integrated, cloud-based solution running on SAP
Cloud Platform. It provides farming organizations with mobile

66

and desktop access to important data immediately to help
simplify and digitalize business processes.

— Bilfinger, a German industrial services provider, selected
SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite, including the SAP
SuccessFactors Employee Central solution, to standardize
HR processes and increase workforce transparency. A
further aim is to establish a global talent management model
and increase workforce performance. The solutions will help
Bilfinger drive its strategic objectives for productivity,
consolidation, and compliance.

— Inter Cars, the largest importer and distributor of automotive
spare parts in Poland, chose the SAP Hybris Commerce
Cloud solution to establish a full omnichannel platform that
will address the business strategy and help the company
achieve its goal to double its revenue within the next few
years.

— L'OCCITANE, a French natural and organic ingredient-based
cosmetics and well-being retailer, chose the SAP.
SuccessFactors Employee Central and SAP SuccessFactors
Recruiting solutions to streamline human resources
processes and gain global visibility into its workforce. It also
expects to attract and hire top talents and develop a
workforce that helps to support the company’s digital
transformation and growth strategy.

— Targin, a large Russian multiproduct integrated oilfield
service holding, will implement SAP S/4HANA as an
introduction to the next generation of SAP software. SAP
S/4HANA will support Targin in transforming its business
enterprises and increasing the efficiency of its business
processes to reduce downtime and increase inventory
turnover and the company's market share.

Helping Customers Invest

To help companies invest in SAP solutions and associated
services and hardware, SAP Payment services offers customers
payment plans. SAP Payment services can help preserve
liquidity, provide an alternative to credit from customers’
existing banking relationships, and balance their budgetary
priorities, while giving them the flexibility to choose their
preferred solution.

Combined Management Report | Customers


--- Page 19 ---

Performance

Management System

We use various performance measures to help manage our
performance with regard to our primary financial objectives,
which are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial
objectives, which are customer loyalty and employee
engagement. We view growth and profitability as indicators for
our current performance, while customer loyalty and employee
engagement are indicators for our future performance.

Measures We Use to Manage Our
Financial Performance

Measures We Use to Manage Our Operating
Financial Performance

In 2016, we used the following key measures to manage our
operating financial performance:

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS): This
revenue driver comprises the main revenues of our fast-growing
cloud business. We generate cloud subscriptions and support
revenue when we provide software functionality in a cloud-
based infrastructure (software as a service, or SaaS) to our
customers; when we provide our customers with access toa
cloud-based infrastructure to develop, run, and manage
applications (platform as a service, or PaaS); and also when we
provide hosting services for software hosted by SAP
(infrastructure as a service, or laaS). Cloud subscriptions and
support revenue are also generated when providing additional
premium cloud subscription support beyond the regular
support, which is embedded in the basic cloud subscription fees
as well as business network services to our customers. We use
the cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS)
measure both at actual currency and at constant currency.

Cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS): We use cloud and
software revenue (non-IFRS) and constant currency cloud and
software revenue (non-IFRS) to measure our revenue growth.
Our cloud and software revenue includes cloud subscriptions
and support revenue plus software licenses and support
revenue. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software
revenue are our key revenue drivers because they tend to affect
our other revenue streams. Generally, customers that buy
software licenses also enter into related support contracts, and
these generate recurring revenue in the form of support revenue

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System

after the software sale. Support contracts cover standardized
support services that comprise unspecified future software
updates and enhancements. Software licenses revenue as well
as cloud subscriptions and support revenue also tend to
stimulate services revenue earned from providing customers
with professional services, premium engagement services,
training services, messaging services, and payment services.

Total revenue (non-IFRS): We use nominal total revenue (non-
IFRS) and constant currency total revenue (non-IFRS) to
measure our growth. The total of cloud subscriptions and
support revenue and software support revenue divided by total
revenue is the share of more predictable revenue. This measure
provides additional insight into our sustained business success.

New cloud bookings: For our cloud activities, we also look at
new cloud bookings. This measure reflects the committed order
entry from new customers and from incremental purchases by
existing customers for offerings that generate cloud
subscriptions and support revenue. In this way, it is an indicator
for cloud-related sales success in a given period and for secured
future cloud subscriptions and support revenue. We focus
primarily on the average contract value variant of the new cloud
bookings measure that takes into account annualized amounts,
for multiyear contracts. Additionally, we internally monitor the
total contract value variant of the new cloud bookings measure
that takes into account the total committed order entry
amounts regardless of contract durations. There are no
comparable IFRS measures for these bookings metrics. In
addition to new cloud bookings, we use the measure “cloud
backlog” to evaluate our sales success in the cloud business. We
define cloud backlog as a measure that represents the volume of
business that, as of period end, is contracted but not yet billed.

Operating profit (non-IFRS): We use operating profit (non-
IFRS) and constant currency operating profit (non-IFRS) to
measure our overall operational process efficiency and overall
business performance. See below for more information on the
IFRS and non-IFRS measures we use.

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS):
We use our cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-
IFRS) to measure our process efficiency in our cloud business.
Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS) is the

67


--- Page 20 ---

ratio of our cloud subscriptions and support gross profit (non-
IFRS) to cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS),
expressed as a percentage.

Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-
Operating Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our non-operating
financial performance.

Financial income, net: This measure provides insight into the
return on liquid assets and capital investments and the cost of
borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net, we focus
on cash flow, the composition of our liquid assets and capital
investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at which
assets are invested. We also monitor average outstanding
borrowings and associated finance costs.

Days Sales Outstanding (DSO): We manage working capital by
controlling the days sales outstanding (DSO) for operating
receivables (defined as the average number of days from the
raised invoice to cash receipt from the customer).

Measures We Use to Manage Overall
Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our overall financial
performance:

Earnings per share (EPS) (IFRS and non-IFRS): EPS measures
our overall performance because it captures all operating and
non-operating elements of profit as well as income tax expense.
It represents the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP.
share outstanding. EPS is influenced not only by our operating
and non-operating business as well as income taxes but also by
the number of shares outstanding.

Effective tax rate (IFRS and non-IFRS): We define our effective
tax rate as the ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax,
expressed as a percentage.

Operating, investing, and financing cash flows and free cash
flow: Our consolidated statement of cash flows provides insight
as to how we generated and used cash and cash equivalents.
When applied in conjunction with the other primary financial
statements, it provides information that helps us evaluate the
changes of our net assets, our financial structure (including our
liquidity and solvency), and our ability to affect the amounts and
timing of cash flows to adapt to changing circumstances and
opportunities. We use our free cash flow measure to determine
the cash flow remaining after all expenditures required to
maintain or expand our organic business have been paid off.
This measure provides management with supplemental
information to assess our liquidity needs. We calculate free cash
flow as net cash from operating activities minus purchases
(other than purchases made in connection with business

combinations) of intangible assets and property, plant, and
equipment.

Measures We Use to Manage Our
Non-Financial Performance

In 2016, we used the following key measures to manage our non-
financial performance in the areas of employee engagement,
customer loyalty, and leadership trust:

Employee Engagement Index: We use this index to measure the
motivation and loyalty of our employees, how proud they are of
our company, and how strongly they identify with SAP. The
index is derived from surveys conducted among our employees.
Applying this measure is recognition that our growth strategy
depends on engaged employees.

Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS): This score measures the
willingness of our customers to recommend or promote SAP to
others. It is derived from our annual customer survey that
identifies, on a scale of O-10, whether a customer is loyal and
likely to recommend SAP to friends or colleagues, is neutral, or
is unhappy. We introduced this measure in 2012, as we are
convinced that we can achieve our financial goals only when our
customers are loyal to, and satisfied with, SAP and our
solutions. To derive the Customer NPS, we start with the
percentage of “promoters” of SAP — those who give us a score
of 9 or 10 ona scale of 0-10. We then subtract the percentage of
“detractors” — those who give us a score of 0 to 6. The method
ignores “passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8.

Leadership Trust Score: We use this score to further enhance
accountability and to measure our collective effort to foster a
work environment based on trust. It is derived from a question in
our annual global employee survey that gauges employees’ trust
in our leaders. We measure leadership trust by using the same
methodology as we do determining the Net Promoter Score
(NPS).

Value-Based Management

Our holistic view of the performance measures described above,
together with our associated analyses, comprises the
information we use for value-based management. We use
planning and control processes to manage the compilation of
these key measures and their availability to our decision makers
across various management levels.

SAP's long-term strategic plans, including a multiyear financial
plan through 2020, are the point of reference for our short-term
and midterm planning and controlling processes. We initially
identify future growth and profitability drivers at a highly
aggregated level. Ina first step, the resulting financial plan is
broken down to (i) our deployment models “On Premise,”
“Software as a Service/Platform as a Service,” “Infrastructure
as a Service,” and “Business Networks”, and (ii) functions such
as development, sales, or administration. In a second step, the

68 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System


--- Page 21 ---

planned total revenues and total expenses are allocated to the
individual board areas. Budget administration and control,
including budget adjustments applied during the year to reflect
changes in priorities, to achieve efficiency targets and to reflect
endogenous and exogenous factors, are handled at board area
level. It is then the individual board member’s responsibility to
break down, in their board area, the allocated budgets and
budget adjustments. The Executive Board's efforts to assess the
performance of the company and components thereof is also
done on the level of the board areas. Based on an integrated
portfolio process running in parallel to the budgeting process we
ensure aligned investment behavior across board areas with
regards to specific solutions or solution areas. In a final step,
customer-facing revenue targets and cost of sales and
marketing targets are broken down into sales regions.

Based on our detailed annual plans, we determine the budget for
the respective year. We also have processes in place to forecast
revenue and profit on a quarterly basis, to quantify whether we
expect to realize our financial goals, and to identify any
deviations from plan. We continuously monitor the concerned
units in the Group to analyze these developments and define any

appropriate actions. Our entire network of planning, control, and
reporting processes is implemented in integrated planning and
information systems, based on SAP software, across all
organizational units so that we can conduct the evaluations and
analyses needed to make informed decisions.

Non-IFRS Financial Measures Cited
in This Report

As in previous years, we provided our 2016 financial outlook on
the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore, this report
contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual
performance in 2016 against our outlook in the Financial
Performance: Review and Analysis section.

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS
Financial Measures for 2016 and 2015

Due to rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in the
following table might not precisely equal the totals we provide.

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 69


--- Page 22 ---

Reconciliation of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for the Years Ended December 31

€ millions, unless otherwise stated 2016 2015
IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Non-IFRS IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS

Impact Constant

Currency

Revenue measures

Cloud subscriptions and support 2,993 2 2,995 12 3,007 2,286 10 2,296
Software licenses 4,860 2 4,862 31 4,893 4,835 1 4,836
Software support 10,571 1 10,572 82 10,654 10,093 ie} 10,094

Software licenses and support 15,431 3 15,434 113 15,546 14,928 2 14,930

Cloud and software 18,424 5 18,428 125 18,553 17,214 ll 17,226

Services 3,638 (0) 3,638 39 3,678 3,579 Oo 3,579

Total revenue 22,062 5 22,067 164 22,231 20,793 ll 20,805
Operating expense measures
Cost of cloud subscriptions and -1,313 247 -1,066 -1,022 232 -789
support
Cost of software licenses and -2,182 238 -1,944 -2,291 283 -2,008
support

Cost of cloud and software -3,495 485 -3,010 -3,313 516 -2,797

Cost of services -3,089 113 -2,976 -2,932 167 -2,765

Total cost of revenue -6,583 598 -5,985 -6,245 683 -5,562

Gross profit 15,479 603 16,081 14,548 694 15,242

Research and development —3,044 201 2,843 -2,845 202 —2,643

Sales and marketing 6,265 549 —5,716 5,782 462 -5,320

General and administration -1,005 ng -886 -1,048 n6 -932

Restructuring -28 28 0 621 621 0

Other operating income/expense, net = ie) = 1 0 1

Total operating expenses 16,928 1,494  -15,434 -192  -15,626 16,541 2,084 _-14,457

Profit numbers

Operating profit 4,252 2,095 6,348

Other non-operating income/expense, -234 (0) -234 -256 10) -256

net
Finance income 230 0 230 241 ce) 241
Finance costs -268 0 =268 -246 ce) 246

Financial income, net 338 Oo -38 -5 ie) -5

Profit before tax 4,863 1,498 6,361 3,991 2,095 6,087
Income tax expense -1,229 474 -1,703 -935 -651 -1,586

Profit after tax (dese oes ass ose as son
Attributable to owners of parent 3,646 1,024 4,671 3,064 1,445 4,509
Attributable to non-controlling =15} ie) =15 -8 0 -8
interests

Key ratios

Operating margin (in %) 20.5 30.5

Effective tax rate (in %) 23.4 26.1

Earnings per share, basic (in €) 2.56 3.77

70 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System


--- Page 23 ---

Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures

Non-IFRS Adjustments by Functional Areas

€ millions 2016 2015
IFRS Acqui- SBP» Restruc- Non- IFRS Acqui- SBP! Restruc- Non-
sition-rel. turing IFRS sition-rel. turing IFRS
Cost of cloud and software -3,495 395 89 e) -3,010 -3,313 441 74 ie} -2,797
Cost of services -3,089 12 101 0 -2,976 -2,932 54 113 0 -2,765
Research and -3,044 10 190 0 -2,843 -2,845 36-166 O -2,643
Sales and marketing -6,265 257 292 0 -5,716 -5,782 202 260 O  -5,320
General and administration -1,005 3 (e) 886 -1,048 4 1 0 -932
Restructuring -28 (0) 28 ie) -621 ie) ie) 621 ie)
Other operating =3 0 (0) 0 =3 1 ie) ie) ie) 1
income/expense, net
Adjustments of -16,928 680 785 28 -15,434 -16,541 738 724 621 -14,457

total operating expenses

» Share-based payments (SBP)

We disclose certain financial measures, such as revenue (non-
IFRS), operating expenses (non-IFRS), operating profit (non-
IFRS), operating margin (non-IFRS), and earnings per share
(non-IFRS), as well as constant currency revenue, expense, and
profit that are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are
therefore considered non-IFRS financial measures. Our non-
IFRS financial measures may not correspond to non-IFRS
financial measures that other companies report. The non-IFRS
financial measures that we report should only be considered in
addition to, and not as substitutes for, or superior to, our IFRS
financial measures.

We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and
prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful
information to investors because management uses this
information, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance
with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our
past performance and our anticipated future results. We use the
revenue (non-IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures
consistently in our internal planning and forecasting, reporting,
and compensation, as well as in our external communications,
as follows:

Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures
rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial,
strategic, and operating decisions.

The variable components of our Executive Board members’
and employees’ remuneration are based on revenue (non-
IFRS), operating profit (non-IFRS), as well as new cloud
bookings measures rather than the respective IFRS
measures.

The annual budgeting process for all management units is

based on revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS)

numbers rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System

All forecast and performance reviews with all senior
managers globally are based on these non-IFRS measures,
rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

Both our internal performance targets and the guidance we
provided to the capital markets are based on revenue (non-
IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures rather than the
respective IFRS financial measures.

Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on
the items below, as well as adjustments for the related income
tax effects.

Revenue (Non-IFRS)

Revenue items identified as revenue (non-IFRS) have been
adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures by
including the full amount of software support revenue, cloud
subscriptions and support revenue, and other similarly recurring
revenue that we are not permitted to record as revenue under
IFRS due to fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at
the time of the respective acquisitions.

Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the
time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS software
support revenue, IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue,
IFRS cloud and software revenue, and IFRS total revenue for
periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect the full amount
of revenue that would have been recorded by entities acquired
by SAP had they remained stand-alone entities. Adjusting
revenue numbers for this revenue impact provides additional
insight into the comparability of our ongoing performance
across periods.

71


--- Page 24 ---

Operating Expense (Non-IFRS)

Operating expense numbers that are identified as operating
expenses (non-IFRS) have been adjusted by excluding the
following expenses:

— Acquisition-related charges
= Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles
acquired in business combinations and certain stand-
alone acquisitions of intellectual property (including
purchased in-process research and development)
= Settlements of preexisting business relationships in
connection with a business combination
= Acquisition-related third-party expenses
— Share-based payment expenses
— Restructuring expenses, that is, expenses resulting from
measures which comply with the definition of restructuring
according to IFRS

We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the purpose
of calculating operating profit (non-IFRS), operating margin
(non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) when evaluating
SAP's continuing operational performance because these
expenses generally cannot be changed or influenced by
management after the relevant acquisition other than by
disposing of the acquired assets. Since management at levels
below the Executive Board does not influence these expenses,
we generally do not consider these expenses for the purpose of
evaluating the performance of management units. For similar
reasons we eliminate share-based payment expenses as these
costs are impacted by share price developments and other
factors outside our control. We also eliminate restructuring
expenses because they are volatile and mostly cannot be
influenced by management at levels below the Executive Board.

Operating Profit (Non-IFRS), Operating Margin
(Non-IFRS), Effective Tax Rate (Non-IFRS), and
Earnings per Share (Non-IFRS)

Operating profit, operating margin, effective tax rate, and
earnings per share identified as operating profit (non-IFRS),
operating margin (non-IFRS), effective tax rate (non-IFRS), and
earnings per share (non-IFRS) have been adjusted from the
respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the aforementioned
revenue (non-IFRS) and operating expenses (non-IFRS) and the
income tax effects thereon.

Constant Currency Information

We believe it is important for investors to have information that
provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures determined
under IFRS provide information that is useful in this regard.

However, both sales volume and currency effects impact period-

over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not sell
standardized units of products and services, so we cannot
provide relevant information on sales volume by providing data
on the changes in product and service units sold. To provide
additional information that may be useful to investors in
breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we

present information about our revenue and various values and
components relating to operating profit that are adjusted for
foreign currency effects.

We calculate constant currency revenue and operating profit
measures by translating foreign currencies using the average
exchange rates from the comparative period instead of the
current period.

Free Cash Flow

Among others we use the measure free cash flow to manage our
overall financial performance.

Free Cash Flow

€ millions 2016 2015 Ain%
Net cash flows from 4,628 3,638 27
operating activities

Purchase of intangible assets -1,001 -636 57
and property, plant, and

equipment (without

acquisitions)

Free cash flow (e7,3.001 al

Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors
for the following reasons:

— Our revenue (non-IFRS), expense (non-IFRS), and profit
(non-IFRS) measures as well as the measures “new cloud
bookings” and “cloud backlog” (see above) provide investors
with insight into management's decision making because
management uses these measures to run our business and
make financial, strategic, and operating decisions. We include
the revenue adjustments outlined above and exclude the
expense adjustments outlined above when making decisions
to allocate resources. In addition, we use these non-IFRS
measures to facilitate comparisons of SAP’s operating
performance from period to period.

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional
information that enables a comparison of year-over-year
operating performance by eliminating certain direct effects of
acquisitions, share-based compensation plans, and
restructuring plans.

— Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the
software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS
measures may facilitate comparison with our competitors’
corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures.

Limitations of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described
above have limitations, including but not limited to, the
following:

72 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System


--- Page 25 ---

— The eliminated amounts could be material to us.
— Without being analyzed in conjunction with the
corresponding IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are
not indicative of our present and future performance,
foremost for the following reasons:
= While our profit (non-IFRS) numbers reflect the
elimination of certain acquisition-related expenses, no
eliminations are made for the additional revenue or other
income that results from the acquisitions.

= While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the
acquired entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not
adjust for the fair value accounting of deferred
compensation items that result from commissions paid to
the acquired company’s sales force and third parties for
closing the respective customer contracts.

= The acquisition-related amortization expense that we
eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers is a
recurring expense that will impact our financial
performance in future years.

= The remaining acquisition-related charges that we
eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are
likely to recur should SAP enter into material business
combinations in the future. Similarly, the restructuring
expenses that we eliminate in deriving our profit (non-
IFRS) numbers are likely to recur should SAP perform
restructurings in the future.

= The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of
the acquired entities’ contracts and the expense
adjustment for acquisition-related charges do not arise
from a common conceptual basis. This is because the
revenue adjustment aims to improve the comparability of
the initial post-acquisition period with future post-
acquisition periods, while the expense adjustment aims to
improve the comparability between post-acquisition
periods and pre-acquisition periods. This should
particularly be considered when evaluating our operating
profit (non-IFRS) and operating margin (non-IFRS)
numbers as these combine our revenue (non-IFRS) and
expenses (non-IFRS) despite the absence of acommon
conceptual basis.

= Our restructuring charges resulted in significant cash
outflows in the past and could do so in the future. The
same applies to our share-based payment expense
because most of our share-based payments are settled in
cash rather than shares.

= The valuation of our cash-settled share-based payments
could vary significantly from period to period due to the
fluctuation of our share price and other parameters used
in the valuation of these plans.

= Inthe past, we have issued share-based payment awards
to our employees every year and we intend to continue
doing so in the future. Thus, our share-based payment
expenses are recurring although the amounts usually
change from period to period.

We believe that constant currency measures have limitations,
particularly as the currency effects that are eliminated
constitute a significant element of our revenue and expenses
and could materially impact our performance. Therefore, we
limit our use of constant currency measures to the analysis of
changes in volume as one element of the full change ina
financial measure. We do not evaluate our results and
performance without considering both constant currency and
nominal measures in revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit
(non-IFRS) measures on the one hand, and changes in revenue,
operating expenses, operating profit, or other measures of
financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS on the
other. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a
similar approach by considering nominal and constant currency
non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a substitute
for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating expenses,
operating profit, or other measures of financial performance
prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of our
non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures,
together with the relevant reconciliations, provide useful
information to management and investors regarding present
and future business trends relating to our financial condition and
results of operations.

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 73


--- Page 26 ---

Employees and Social

Investments
84,183 78%

employees at SAP

(in FTEs) Culture Index

Supporting Customers by Nurturing
Our Employees

Our employees play a pivotal role in helping our customers
succeed in the new digital economy. Our employees empower
our customers to Run Simple and work more innovatively. At the
same time, they enable SAP to become “the most innovative
cloud company powered by SAP HANA.”

We believe that by providing an environment where our people
can engage, develop their skills, and draw on the support they
need to create and innovate, SAP can help to make the world run
better. For this reason, we are fully committed to nurturing our
people at every stage of their career at SAP.

An HR Strategy Designed Specifically for
Our People

Our human resources (HR) strategy uses cloud technology to
help us Run Simple. It helps us change the way we hire new
talent, and to transform the way we develop and retain our
employees. At the same time, it allows us to create a culture at
SAP that is able to deal with the complexity, speed, and scope of
a digital workplace. This culture inspires innovation, leads
change, and ultimately creates employee satisfaction. Our HR
team stays focused on delivering a seamless, simple employee
experience by following three guiding principles: customer
satisfaction, simplification, and standardization.

Listening to Our Employees

The People Survey 2016 results are extraordinarily positive.
Employee satisfaction went up in nearly all aspects and
questionnaire topics. This especially holds true for one of our
most important dimensions, the Employee Engagement Index

Business Health

85%

Employee Engagement
Index

(EEI). In 2016, we see a significant increase of the EE by three
percentage points to 85%.

Employee Engagement Index

Percent
85
82
79 79
77
2012 2013 2014 2015* 2016

*The EE! score for 2015 was recalculated from 81% to 82%
based on updated questions. This calculation method has been
applied moving forward.

Ensuring that our employees are highly engaged remains one of
our company-wide strategic goals. For 2017 through to 2020,
we aim to reach an Employee Engagement Index between 84%
and 86%.

Achange by one percentage point of the EE! would have an
impact of €45 million to €55 million on SAP’s operating profit.
For more information on how we calculate this impact, see the
Connectivity of Financial and Non-Financial Indicators section of
the SAP Integrated Report online.

74 Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments


--- Page 27 ---

The People Survey 2015 results revealed two focus areas for
2016: simplification and innovation. In 2016, we started a
company-wide “Run Simple at SAP” initiative to help the
business improve processes and services, as well as numerous.
efforts to boost and promote innovation initiatives. Conducted
from October to November, our People Survey 2016 revealed
moderate improvements in both simplification and innovation.
We will continue with simplification and innovation as our
company-wide focus areas in 2017.

In the second half of 2016, we also conducted a strategy dialog
survey to assess the degree to which employees understand
and believe in our strategy, our culture, and our leadership, as
well as the capability to drive innovation. This survey revealed
that while we already have the right innovation mindset, many of
the internal innovation tools available are not yet widely known
within the company.

In addition, we also measure our Business Health Culture Index
(BHCI) based on our People Survey. The BHC! assesses the
degree to which our workplace culture supports people’s well-
being, work-life balance, and organizational health.

In 2016, the positive trend of the BHC! continued with a score of
78% compared to 75% in 2015. This encouraging result shows
that a health-focused culture has impacted employees ina
positive way.

Business Health Culture Index

Percent
78
75
72
67
66
2012 2013 2014* 2015 2016

*The BHCI score for 2014 was recalculated based on two
updated questions. This calculation method has been applied
moving forward.

Getting the Right Talent in the Right
Place at the Right Time

While we increased our overall hiring volume successfully in
2016, increasing the number of “early talent” hires (people with
professional experience of up to two years) has also been a key

priority for us. In 2016, approximately one third of all external
hires fell into this category.

At the same time, continued recognition of SAP as an employer
of choice contributed to our success in meeting our hiring
targets in 2016. SAP won many awards across the globe in the
areas of diversity, inclusion, employer attractiveness, and
people satisfaction. For a comprehensive list of awards given to
SAP in 2016, see the Recognition section of the SAP Integrated
Report online.

Selection of employer branding awards SAP received in 2016

Collaborating with Educational Institutions

Our collaboration with educational institutions is key to
recruiting early talent. SAP works closely with over 3,100
universities on international events such as student meet-ups
and info days. In addition, we run a number of coding events
such as SAP InnoJam, as well as a broad variety of activities and
events through our SAP University Alliances program.

SAP also runs a vocational training program that allows students
to work towards their university degree while gaining valuable
business experience at the same time. As of the end of 2016,
more than 1,000 vocational training students were enrolled in
the program. Overall, we measured a conversion rate (number
of these types of students who stayed with SAP after completing
their dual studies) for vocational training students of 82% in
2016.

Connecting with Refugee Communities

As acompany with employees of approximately 80 different
nationalities working in Germany alone, we are open to talented
people from all communities. As part of our “Engaging with
Refugees” program, we are working on a number of initiatives
that promote cultural integration through training and
recruitment. For example, SAP joined Germany’s “Wir
zusammen” (“We together”) initiative, which provides an
Internet platform to support the efforts of participating
companies to integrate refugees into the German labor market.
In 2016, SAP offered 100 internships and 14 vocational training
positions to refugees in Germany. In 2017, SAP will again offer
up to 100 additional internships and 10 vocational training
positions to candidates who are refugees.

In addition, 2016 saw the launch of Refugee Code Week,
empowering young people and inspiring refugee communities
with job-relevant coding skills. In collaboration with the United
Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR), the event introduced more
than 10,000 refugees and nationals in Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon,

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments 75


--- Page 28 ---

and Turkey to coding basics, Web development, and software
skills in the SAP Business One application. The most promising
students are referred to SAP partner ReBootKAMP (RBK.org)
for an intensive 16-week training program and assistance in
securing job placements.

Investing in Talent Development

At SAP, we believe that everyone is a talent and we invest in the
professional development of all our employees. We continue to
build development offerings for specific groups such as early
talents, experts, and fast-track employees. To provide career
development support, we also introduced career counselling
sessions that are delivered either in person or virtually.

In addition, we launched SAP Talk to 8,100 early-adopter
employees in 2016. This approach provides a new, state-of-the-
art way of managing performance at SAP, helping foster a
continuous dialog on professional development between
managers and employees. We plan to roll out SAP Talk to all
SAP employees in 2017.

Our overall retention rate in 2016 was 93.7% compared with
91.8% in 2015. We define retention as the ratio of the average
number of employees minus voluntary attrition to the average
number of employees (in full-time equivalents, or FTEs). High
retention is something we are aiming for as reflected in all our
activities to drive high employee engagement.

Engaging Our People Through
Impactful and Inspirational
Leadership

Our investment in developing our leaders is delivering results
according to our People Survey. Living up to our SAP leadership
principles and building trust with employees has become a key
ingredient of successful leadership performance. By the end of
2016, 57.6% of leaders at SAP completed our flagship
leadership development program. Leaders who completed this
had higher employee engagement and leadership trust scores.
In 2016, leadership trust reached 57% (2015: 52%) and we are
committed to keep this high score moving forward.

Our Leadership Principles:

— Drive Simplicity
— Develop Amazing Talent
— Ensure Customer Success

Making Learning a Compelling
Experience for Everyone

We support employees at all levels and roles as they strive to
achieve their long-term career aspirations. Our learning strategy
is based on the principle that much of employee learning and
development happens outside formal training such as coaching,

mentoring, rotational programs, and on-the-job-guided
development experiences. This is why we are transitioning to a
continuous learning model with a strong focus on more informal
learning activities.

To achieve this, we make high-quality learning opportunities
easily accessible to all employees through our cloud-based
learning management system (SAP SuccessFactors solution). In
2016, we provisioned 1.3 million courses to 90.7% of our
employees. We also initiated a new tuition assistance program
to help employees as they pursue additional educational and
professional certification opportunities.

Self-paced online programs that include language learning as
well as technical and soft-skills training courses are open to all
employees. In addition, the online programs enable employees
to build impactful development plans that meet their career
goals. Our innovative peer-to-peer learning portfolio includes
coaching, mentoring, job shadowing, and facilitation
opportunities. In 2016, we hosted many live and virtual “learning
culture” workshops throughout the world, as an opportunity to
foster the exchange of ideas between peers and managers.

Creating an Environment That Drives
Innovation, Performance, and
Engagement

SAP aims to create a working environment that helps drive
innovation, high performance, and employee satisfaction. We do
so by providing, among others, the following benefits and
activities:

— SAP Shares program: Introduced in 2016, this equity
program consists of two different plans, ensuring closer
market alignment. The “Own SAP” plan enables employees to
purchase shares with preferred conditions and build value by
becoming an SAP shareholder. The “Move SAP" plan is a
restricted stock unit plan that rewards selected employees
and executives for their contribution to the success of the
company. For more information, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27).

— Hasso Plattner Founders’ Award: In its third year, this
prestigious award provides the highest internal employee
recognition at SAP for delivering on our vision and strategy. In
2016, the award went to the “Skills for Africa” initiative, which
helps fill the skills gap in the IT sector in Africa.

— Intrapreneurship program: Open to all global employees,
this program attracted more than 830 entries from over
1,500 employees in 2016. It enables employees to act as
entrepreneurs and transform innovative ideas into profitable
businesses in new markets.

— SAP SuccessFactors solutions: To make our employees’
lives easier when dealing with HR matters, we continue to
transform and simplify our entire HR IT landscape by
implementing SAP SuccessFactors solutions. In this context,
approximately 160 HR experts supported sales teams in

76 Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments


--- Page 29 ---

deals related to our own human capital management
solutions. Also in 2016, we announced the Klaus Tschira
Human Resources Innovation Award, an annual program for
SAP partners and customers that have contributed a unique
and innovative solution in the field of human resources.

— People Weeks: In 2016, SAP again sponsored a two-week
event designed for employees to exchange ideas and
cultivate a greater connection across cultures, genders, and
generations. Under the motto “You in the Digital Workplace,”
the event reached over 27,000 employees in 124 locations
and 58 countries.

— “How We Run”: Launched in 2015 to showcase the
behavioral values that provide the foundation to SAP’s
corporate culture, our “How We Run” behaviors initiative has
received widespread support and adoption among SAP
employees worldwide.

Our “How We Run” Behaviors

ca

Tell it ike it is

2)

Embrace
differences

Promoting Inclusion, Well-Being, and
Social Innovation

An inclusive, bias-free culture inspires greater innovation and
helps us to better connect with and serve our customers. It also
fosters employee engagement, and makes SAP a more
attractive workplace.

Closing the Gender Gap

As the first multinational technology company, SAP was
awarded the Economic Dividends for Gender Equality (EDGE)
certificate in 2016. It recognizes our global commitment to
gender diversity and equality in the workplace and reinforces
SAP's publicly stated goal to fill 25% of its management
positions with women by the end of 2017. We have made great
strides toward our goal, increasing the proportion of female
managers from 23.6% in 2015 to 24.5% in 2016.

Throughout 2016, SAP sponsored and hosted numerous events
focused on attracting, developing, and supporting women.
These included major events in China, Colombia, Germany,
Saudi Arabia, the United States and other countries. Additional
ongoing initiatives supporting women at SAP include the
Women’s Professional Growth Webinar series, the Business

Women’s Network, and the Women@SAP online community. In
addition, we offer executive sponsorships for women at SAP and
the Leadership Excellence Acceleration Program (LEAP), a
highly respected and award-winning development program that
helps prepare high-potential women for leadership roles at SAP.

Creating an Inclusive Environment

Working closely with ethnicity-based employee network groups
such as the Black Employee Network (BEN), and Latinos@SAP,
SAP launched several important initiatives in 2016 in the United
States. An example is Project Propel, a program designed to
enable U.S. educational institutions that have historically served
minorities to build the next generation of technology talent. The
program focuses on providing students with critical digital
enterprise skills that are in demand in the SAP ecosystem.

In addition, we participate in a wide range of activities to create a
more inclusive environment throughout the organization,
including:

— Focus on Insight - Diversity and Inclusion curriculum: A
global learning curriculum launched for all employees in
September 2016 to ensure that everyone at SAP understands
the importance and benefits of a diverse workplace.

— Business Beyond Bias: Launched in August 2016, this
initiative includes significant investment in programs and
technology that support greater diversity. This helps
eliminate bias not only at SAP but also in customer and
partner organizations.

— White House Tech Inclusion Pledge: SAP is one of the
largest global technology companies to participate in this
pledge, announced during former President Obama's Global
Entrepreneurship Innovation Summit 2016 in Silicon Valley.

— Autism at Work program: 107 employees with Autism
Spectrum Disorder currently work at SAP. Launched in
Argentina this year, we have implemented the Autism at
Work program in nine countries.

— Global Pride@SAP employee network: This network has
grown to more than 8,000 members, sponsoring numerous
activities and initiatives that support lesbian, gay, bisexual,
and transgender (LGBT) people and their allies.

Caring for the Health and Well-Being
of Our Employees

We believe that the way we care for our people is closely linked
to our business success. When people feel healthy, respected,
and cared for, it results in higher productivity, engagement,
innovation, and customer satisfaction.

Acaring culture enables our employees to live to their full
potential and accelerates our ability to achieve our goals.
Consequently, we invest in extensive employee benefits,
programs, and services that truly make people's lives better.
These include:

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments 77


--- Page 30 ---

— Employee Assistance Program (EAP): This program helps
employees to deal better with life’s challenges by providing
free, confidential, and impartial expert advice and support, 24
hours a day, seven days a week.

— Corporate Oncology Program (COPE): Available in Canada,
Germany, United Kingdom, and the United States, the
program provides SAP employees facing cancer with access
to an individual molecular genetic tumor analysis and
interpretation.

— Health checkup: A one-day, one-on-one health checkup
program for executives.

— Take Charge of Your Health and Well-Being program: This
program empowers employees to take better care of their
health and well-being.

— Health Ambassador Network: This global network
strengthens our focus on health in SAP office locations and
helps identify best practices.

— Local health and well-being offerings: Services such as skin
screening, on-site fitness centers and activity classes,
mindfulness practice, eyesight testing, and health awareness
sessions are also available to employees in various office
locations.

Engaging in Social Investments

As our vision to help the world run better and improve people’s
lives shows, we are passionate about making a positive impact
on people's lives, both in our communities and in the wider
world. As SAP guides our customers through digital
transformation, our social investments focus on ensuring that
today’s young people — regardless of background — get the skills
they need to thrive and lead in this digital economy.

Our strategy is based on two main focus areas. We aim to
increase the capacity of innovative social enterprises that put
young people on the path to successful careers. In addition, we
aim to build a skilled workforce for the IT sector through training
and workforce development programs. In 2016, we donated
€22.3 million to charitable organizations.

Improving Lives, Sharing Experience

As part of our social investment commitment, SAP encourages
its employees to contribute their time and talent to support
social causes. Whether by offering individual hands-on support,
or business coaching and mentoring, we run a number of
initiatives that help make a real difference to people's lives in the
communities in which they live and work.

An annual highlight is our “Month of Service” program. This
year, more than 22,000 employees in 42 countries volunteered
almost 142,000 hours to this program alone. While passing on
valuable skills and helping the world to run better, employees
taking part in these programs benefit from what can be an
incredibly rewarding experience. In addition to making a positive
social impact, they develop leadership skills, learn about new
markets, and grow their professional network.

Extending Code Week Initiatives

In 2016, SAP extended our successful Code Week initiatives to
bring digital literacy to thousands of young people who may not
otherwise have the opportunities to learn software coding skills.

Now in its second year, Africa Code Week saw thousands of
coding activities organized across 30 African countries and
through openSAP coursework. Africa Code Week demonstrates
the power of public-private partnerships: Hundreds of schools,
teachers, ministers, community centers, businesses, and non-
profit organizations work together towards the common goal of
ensuring Africa's children are not left out of the digital economy.
In 2016, the program reached 426,000 children in Africa.

Supporting Our Social Sabbatical Portfolio

With four unique programs across the award-winning social
sabbatical portfolio, we offer employees at all levels the
opportunity to extend their skills, expertise, and know-how.
Participation in the program challenges employees to solve
concrete business challenges for non-profit organizations and
social enterprises in either their home or emerging markets.

By volunteering their time and talent for assignments that last
between two and six weeks, our employees strengthen their
leadership competencies, cross-industry know-how, and
intercultural sensitivity. They achieve all this while ensuring their
“client” is better able to deliver on their social mission.

Recent projects include building strategic plans for social
entrepreneurship incubators and strengthening the internal
capabilities of non-profit organizations focused on STEM
education and digital literacy. As such, we worked with the
Dreamoval Foundation in Accra, Ghana, to support the
development of a growth strategy to strengthen the IT skills of
170,000 teachers to help improve educational outcomes across
the country.

In 2016, we also extended our social sabbatical portfolio to joint
projects with SAP customers. In July, a joint team of volunteers
from SAP and GlaxoSmithKline plc designed and implemented
an integrated database for Partners in Health, a non-profit
organization based in Kigali, Rwanda. Additional social
sabbatical collaboration with customers is planned for 2017.

Through our social sabbatical portfolio, 213 SAP employees
provided 58,808 hours of pro bono service to 71 organizations in
15 countries in 2016.

Changing the Game for Underprivileged
Youths with the KickApp Cup

To ignite passion for IT, we need to be creative about how to
reach young people. We developed a creative approach,
harnessing the power of soccer to bring people together while
spreading a passion for IT.

78 Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments


--- Page 31 ---

The first annual KickApp Cup brought together 200 young
community leaders from disadvantaged backgrounds to work
closely with 180 SAP developers and coaches. Their aim: to
develop a prototype app that would help non-profit
organizations tackle issues such as monitoring attendance or
tracking social impact.

Regional competitions took place at SAP Labs locations
worldwide including Brazil, Germany, Hungary, India, Israel, and
the United States. The teams coded together, played soccer and
had fun, while competing to attend the finals in Lyon, France,
and Heidelberg, Germany, to present their app prototypes.

The event was organized in collaboration with
streetfootballworld, a non-governmental organization (NGO)
whose mission is to use soccer as a tool to drive social change.
The best ideas from each team were then combined to create a
final app that was presented during the 16th streetfootballworld
Festival at the European soccer championships (UEFA EURO
2016).

Gaining International Recognition for
Award-Winning Programs
SAP received significant recognition in 2016 for the innovative

nature of its social investment programs. For more information,
see the Recognition section of the SAP Integrated Report online.

Headcount and Personnel Expense

On December 31, 2016, we had 84,183 full-time equivalent (FTE)
employees worldwide (December 31, 2015: 76,986). This
represents an increase in headcount of 7,197 FTEs in
comparison to 2015. The average number of employees in 2016
was 80,609 (2015: 75,180).

We define headcount in FTE as the number of people on
permanent employment contract considering their staffing
percentage. Students, individuals employed by SAP who are
currently not working due to various reasons (such as maternity
leave), and temporary employees with limited contracts of less
than six months are excluded from our figures. The number of
temporary employees is not material.

Our personnel expense per employee decreased to
approximately €127,000 in 2016 (2015: approximately
€135,000). This decrease in expense is primarily attributable to
a significant decrease of employee-related restructuring
expenses in 2016 compared to the previous year. The personnel
expense per employee is defined as the overall personnel
expense divided by the average number of employees. For more
information about employee compensation and a detailed
overview of the number of people we employ, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (7).

Number of Employees

Full-Time Equivalents

84,183
76;
74,406 ccs
23,265
onze eer? 20,914
18,995 b
15,542 uel
APJ
22,071 22,166
19,123 19,568
Americas
29,757 30,993 33,340 33,906
mEMEA
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments 79


--- Page 32 ---

80

Research and Development
Sales and Marketing

Cloud and Software
Services

General and Administration

Infrastructure

Employees by Functional Area
Full-Time Equivalents

23,363

21,977

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments


--- Page 33 ---

Energy and Emissions

380 kt

carbon emissions

Being a Front-Runner of a Greener
Way of Working

As arole model for sustainable business operations, SAP takes
its environmental responsibilities seriously. We believe that by
running cleaner, greener operations, we can make a difference
to our planet. In addition, we aim to enable our customers to
reduce their overall carbon footprint through our software.

One of our goals is to reduce net greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions from our operations to levels of the year 2000 by
2020. This target includes all direct emissions from running our
business as well as a selected subset of indirect emissions from
supply chains and services.

Anumber of initiatives harness innovative technologies to help
us run our operations in a way that minimizes our impact on the
environment. In addition, our investment in renewable electricity
certificates and carbon credits enables us to support
sustainability projects across the globe.

Total Net Emissions

kilotons CO;
545
485 500
455
380
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016*

*For more information on the calculation method of the 2016
COzemissions, see our Notes to Environmental Performance
Reporting section on the GHG footprint in the SAP Integrated
Report online.

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions

950 GWh

energy consumption

100%

renewable electricity

In addition to our long-term commitment for 2020, we have
derived annual targets for our internal operational steering. In
2016, we outperformed our annual target to reduce our
emissions to less than 400 kilotons (kt) of COz. This result
stems primarily from updating our emission factors as well as
compensation with carbon emission offsets. Our focus on
carbon emissions has contributed to a cumulative cost
avoidance of €155 million in the past three years, compared toa
business-as-usual scenario based on 2007. We avoided €73.6
million of this cost in 2016.

Committing to 100% Renewable
Electricity

Our commitment to 100% renewable electricity is crucial to
making our operations more sustainable. While SAP produces a
small amount of renewable electricity through solar panels in
some locations, we rely primarily on the purchase of renewable
energy certificates (RECs) to achieve our target of 100%
renewable electricity. We follow robust procurement guidelines
for RECs to ensure that we only invest in environmentally
friendly schemes.

Total Energy Consumption

GWh
910 920 965 950
860
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
81


--- Page 34 ---

Strengthening Our “Green Cloud”

As more business moves to the cloud, data centers are a key
part of how SAP provides solutions to our customers. By using
our green cloud services, customers can significantly reduce
their carbon footprint. However, data centers represent a
significant part of our total GHG with energy consumption
increasing as a growing number of customers sign up to our
cloud services. For this reason, our data centers have become a
primary focus of our carbon reduction efforts. We have
introduced initiatives to drive efficiency and innovation around
buildings, data center operations, and infrastructure. For
example, in 2016, one of our main data centers in Rot, Germany,
had a very efficient power usage effectiveness (PUE) of 1.35. In
addition, we have tied our business strategy to our
environmental strategy by creating a completely “green cloud”
powered by 100% renewable electricity at SAP. Carbon
neutrality is achieved by purchasing renewable electricity
certificates and carbon emission offsets.

Total Data Center Electricity
GWh

Internal = External

249 243
173 179 o

160
180
160 73 161 ise us
2012* 2013* 2014 2015 2016

* We started reporting our external data center energy
consumption in 2014.

Helping Our Customers Run Greener
Operations

The vast majority of our overall emissions result from the use of
our software. When our customers run SAP software on their
hardware and on their premises, the resulting carbon footprint is
about 20 times the size of our own net carbon footprint. To
address this, we have developed a downstream emissions
strategy to help our customers, hardware providers, and others
run greener operations. One of the most important ways we help
our customers reduce their energy usage and emissions is by
managing their SAP systems through cloud services provided by
our carbon-neutral green cloud offerings. In addition, the
solutions in our portfolio help enable our customers manage
their resources, such as electricity, in an efficient manner.

82

The SAP HANA platform also plays a vital role in helping our
customers to cut their carbon emissions. By combining the
worlds of analytic and transactional data into one real-time, in-
memory platform, it can help create much leaner operations,
further simplifying the system landscape and reducing energy
consumption.

SAP also works with customers to optimize their on-premise
landscapes so that they consume less energy. We achieve this
by helping them to decommission legacy systems, archive
unused data, and consolidate business applications, as well as
virtualizing their system landscape.

Driving Environmental Initiatives
Throughout SAP

We continuously pursue strategies to help us achieve our goal of
reducing emissions at a time of ongoing growth in our business.
Key initiatives for 2016 included the following:

— Sustainable programming sessions
In a new online training module, software developers and
architects learn how to make a positive contribution to SAP’s
sustainability goals in their daily programming work.
Performance and sustainability go hand in hand as
performance-optimized programming usually equates to
energy-efficient programming. It also helps improve end-to-
end response time and creates a great user experience for
our customers.

- Electric vehicles
As aresult of our business expansion, the number of SAP
employees eligible for a company car has increased annually.
We want to ensure that the resulting growth in our car fleet
does not undo our successes in cutting emissions. To help
address this, SAP aims to increase the number of electric
vehicles in our company car fleet to 20% by 2020.
All electric company cars charged at SAP are powered with
100% renewable electricity. In addition, in Germany, we
provide employees with an incentive to switch to electric
alternatives by offering a battery subsidy that offsets the
costs of purchasing an electric vehicle.

— Internal carbon pricing for business flights
As first introduced in 2015, we continue with our program to
reduce the impact of air travel by SAP employees. In addition
to avoiding business flights, we invest in carbon emission
offsets for air travel in nine countries by charging an internal
carbon price. This offset effort resulted in a compensation of
90 kt in 2016.

— Investment in carbon credits
In 2016, we continued to realize the benefits of our
investment in the Livelihoods Fund, a unique investment fund
whose returns consist of high-quality carbon credits. Several
years ago, we made a commitment to invest €3 million
covering a 20-year participation in the fund that supports the
sustainability of agricultural and rural communities
worldwide. Livelihoods Funds have been designated the “Best

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions


--- Page 35 ---

Corporate Offsetting Program 2016” in voluntary carbon
markets by the Environmental Finance magazine. In 2016, we
received carbon credits from the fund, which helped us to
offset our carbon footprint by 21 kt.

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions

83


--- Page 36 ---

Financial Performance:
Review and Analysis

Up 7%

cloud and software revenue
(IFRS)

Economy and the Market

Global Economic Trends

In its latest economic bulletin, the European Central Bank (ECB)
concludes that the global economy grew steadily in 2016 at a
similar pace as the year before, with relatively stable expansion
in advanced economies and a slight improvement in emerging
market economies. According to the ECB, acute uncertainty
about the political and economic impact of the presidential
election in the United States shaped global sentiment at the end
of the year.

For the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the ECB
reports that economic recovery in the euro area continued
throughout 2016, supported by the ECB’s own monetary policy
measures which it finds helped revitalize domestic demand in
the euro area and reduce debt. According to its calculations, the
real gross domestic product of the euro area countries grew
1.7% in 2016. The economies of many of the Central and Eastern
Europe countries also performed well in 2016, the ECB writes.
There were even signs of an economic rebound in Russia, but
expansion there stayed slightly negative for the year as a whole.

In the North America and Latin America (Americas) region,
continued low interest rate policies and improving labor markets.
stimulated the U.S. economy in 2016, the ECB reports, with
economic activity in the United States improving markedly in the
second half of 2016, following modest growth in the first half. In
Brazil, the recession is believed to have slowly bottomed out in
the second half of the year.

In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, soft foreign demand and
weak private consumption caused Japan's economy to advance

Up 20%

operating profit (IFRS)

Up 31%

new cloud bookings

at only a very modest pace, the ECB notes. In China, meanwhile,
economic growth continued to slow in 2016 but, according to
the ECB, eventually stabilized in the second half-year, supported
by strong consumption and infrastructure spending.

The IT Market

According to Gartner Market Databook December 2016 by
Gartner, a market research firm, “worldwide IT spending is
forecast to grow 0.5% in 2016 on a constant-currency basis.
However, currency rate changes will limit market growth to
negative 0.6%. Software is the best-performing segment, with
6.9% growth in 2016 constant currency, while Emerging
Asia/Pacific is the fastest-growing region/country, at 2.9%.”

In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, growth
declined year-over-year in the Western European IT market from
3.6% to —0.1% and the Eastern European IT market declined
from 15.8% to 1.8% (see table in paragraph “Expected
Developments and Opportunities”: “Trends in the IT Market — IT
spending Year-on-Year”, created by SAP on the basis of Gartner
Market Databook, 4Q16 Update, 21 December 2016). According
to the same table, software spending grew significantly faster
than all other submarkets throughout the region.

The Americas region likewise recorded lower growth rates in IT
spending than the previous year as can be seen in the table
mentioned above. According to the same table, software
spending nevertheless significantly outperformed IT spending
as a whole.

In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, software spending grew
faster than all other submarkets in the IT industry as well,
documented in the table mentioned above.

84 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 37 ---

Source: Gartner Market Databook, 4Q16 Update, 21 December 2016.

The Gartner Report described herein, (the “Gartner Report”) represents
research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription
service, by Gartner, Inc. ("Gartner"), and are not representations of fact. Each
Gartner Report speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the
date of this Annual Report) and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Report
are subject to change without notice.

Impact on SAP

In 2016, we once again succeeded in significantly expanding our
business and outperformed the overall global economy and IT
industry in 2016 with regards to revenue growth. Our good 2016
results are further evidence that our strategy of innovating
across the core, the cloud, and business networks to help our
customers become true digital enterprises is the right way
forward.

In 2016, we again demonstrated that we are consistently
pursuing our strategy for innovation and growth — and that
globally, we are able to generate growth that few other IT
companies can match — in three respects: in revenue from core
business and cloud business, and in operating profit.

Overall Financial Position

Executive Board’s Assessment

In 2016, we delivered strong software sales, fast cloud growth,
and operating profit expansion. We saw exceptional growth in
our cloud and software business and reached above the
midpoint of the full year outlook which we raised in October.
SAP's rapidly expanding cloud business combined with solid
growth in support revenue continued to drive the share of more
predictable revenue.

The strong cloud growth was driven throughout our broad cloud
portfolio. Mainly due to our strong top line result, we generated
an operating profit which was at the midpoint of our raised
guidance range.

We made substantial progress in transforming our Company by
shifting investments from non-core activities to strategic growth
areas, enabling us to capture the tremendous growth
opportunities in the market. We expanded our addressable
market, acquired best in class assets, and innovated a new
generation of ERP with SAP S/4HANA. Our strong cloud backlog
and the high software support renewal rates combined with our
robust pipeline positions us for yet another year of growth in
2017 and allowed us to confidently raise our high-level 2020
ambition.

Influence of Accounting Policies on Our
Financial Position

For more information about our accounting policies, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note

(3).

There are no off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as
sale-and-lease-back transactions, asset-backed securities, and
liabilities related to structured entities, which are not disclosed
in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Performance Against Our Outlook for
2016 (Non-IFRS)

Our 2016 operating profit-related internal management goals
and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial
measures. For this reason, in the following section we discuss
performance against our outlook only in terms of non-IFRS.
numbers derived from IFRS measures. The subsequent section
about IFRS operating results discusses numbers only in terms of
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), so the
numbers in that section are not expressly identified as IFRS
numbers.

Outlook for 2016 (Non-IFRS)

At the beginning of 2016, we projected that our 2016 non-IFRS
cloud subscriptions and support revenue would be between
€2.95 billion and €3.05 billion at constant currencies (2015:
€2.30 billion). We expected full-year 2016 non-IFRS cloud and
software revenue to increase by 6% to 8% at constant
currencies (2015: €17.23 billion). We also expected our full-year
operating profit (non-IFRS) for 2016 to end between €6.4 billion
and €6.7 billion (2015: €6.35 billion) at constant currencies. We
anticipated an effective tax rate (IFRS) of between 22.5% and
23.5% (2015: 23.4%) and an effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of
between 24.5% and 25.5% (2015: 26.1%).

In July 2016, we adjusted our outlook for the effective tax rate
(IFRS) to between 27.0% and 28.0% and for the effective tax
rate (non-IFRS) to between 28.0% and 29.0%. The increase in
comparison to the previous outlook mainly resulted from tax
effects relating to changes in foreign currency exchange rates in
Venezuela and the fact that the execution of the originally
planned consolidation of intellectual property rights held by SAP
Group company hybris AG at the level of SAP SE in Germany
could no longer be achieved at this point of time.

In October, based on the strong momentum in our cloud
business, we raised our outlook for 2016 non-IFRS cloud
subscriptions and support revenue to a range of €3.00 billion to
€3.05 billion at constant currencies. The upper end of this range
represents a growth rate of 33% at constant currencies. Thanks
to continued growth in our software license business, we were
also able to increase our growth outlook for full-year 2016 non-

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 85


--- Page 38 ---

IFRS cloud and software revenue to 6.5% to 8.5% at constant
currencies. In view of the greater revenues expected, we also
adjusted our outlook for full-year operating profit (non-IFRS) for
2016 upward to range between €6.5 billion and €6.7 billion at
constant currencies.

Comparison of Outlook and Results for 2016

2016 Actual Performance Compared to
Outlook (Non-IFRS)

We achieved or exceeded the raised outlook for revenue and
operating profit we published in October.

Outlook for 2016 Revised Outlook Results
(as reported in Integrated for 2016 for 2016
Report 2015)
Cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS, at € 2.95 billion € 3.00 billion € 3.01 billion
constant currencies) to € 3.05 billion to € 3.05 billion
Cloud and software revenue +6.0% to +8.0% +6.5% to +8.5% +8%
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies)
Operating profit €6.40 billion €6.50 billion €6.61 billion
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to €6.70 billion to €6.70 billion
Effective tax rate (IFRS) 22.5% to 23.5% 27.0% to 28.0% 25.3%
Effective tax rate (non-IFRS) 24.5% to 25.5% 28.0% to 29.0% 26.8%

Despite ongoing economic uncertainty throughout 2016,
especially in Latin America, coupled with fears about the
possible effects of the Brexit vote and the presidential election in
the United States, our new and existing customers continued to
show a strong willingness to invest in our solutions.

On aconstant currency basis, non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and
support revenue grew from €2.30 billion in 2015 to €3.01 billion
in 2016. That represents an increase of 31% ona constant
currency basis. We thus achieved our refined outlook range of
€3.00 billion to €3.05 billion that we predicted in October.

Our new cloud bookings, which is the main measure for our
cloud-related sales success and for future cloud subscriptions
revenue, increased 31% in 2016 to €1.15 billion (2015: €874.
million). In addition to this strong growth, our cloud backlog
(unbilled future revenue based on existing customer contracts)
climbed by 47% to €5.4 billion (2015: €3.7 billion). This reflects
the unbilled committed future cloud subscriptions and support
revenue that will drive strong cloud growth in 2017 and beyond.

Besides the cloud business, our traditional on-premise business
also showed a remarkable growth in 2016. Cloud and software
revenue (non-IFRS) was €18.43 billion (2015: €17.23 billion). On
aconstant currency basis, the increase was 8% and therefore
well above the midpoint of the increased outlook.

Our total revenue (non-IFRS) rose 6% in 2016 to €22.07 billion
(2015: €20.81 billion). On a constant currency basis, the
increase was 7%.

Operating expenses (non-IFRS) in 2016 were €15.43 billion
(2015: €14.46 billion), an increase of 7%. On a constant
currency basis, the increase was 8%.

Our expense base in 2016 continued to be impacted by the
transformation to a fast-growing cloud business. In our outlook
we expected the cloud subscriptions and support gross margin
to be at least stable or to slightly increase compared to 2015.
The cloud subscriptions gross margin for 2016 was 64.4%, a
decrease of 1.2pp on a constant currency basis and with that
below our expectations. The decrease is primarily due to the
change in the cloud subscription revenue mix; the share of our
infrastructure-as-a-service cloud offering (laaS) that has a lower
margin than the other cloud offerings, grew at above-average
rates and thus impacted the overall gross margin. The cloud
subscriptions gross margins of our cloud offerings developed
heterogeneously in 2016:

Our cloud subscriptions gross margin (non-IFRS) in our
business network business increased by 1% and resulted in
approximately 76% for 2016, already close to our long-term
ambition of approximately 80%. This excellent result is
attributable to the continued positive gross margin development
within the Concur and SAP Ariba portfolios.

The cloud subscriptions gross margin (non-IFRS) of our
infrastructure-as-a-service cloud offering (laaS) performed much
better in 2016 than in 2015. In 2016 our cloud subscription gross
margin is -5% which reflects an improvement of more than
104pp on a constant currency basis. In the last two quarters
break-even was already reached, we are therefore in line with
our expectations. Profitability in our software-as-a-
service/platform-as-a-service cloud offering (Saas/PaaS) was

86 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 39 ---

approximately 62% for 2016 compared to our long-term
ambition of approximately 80%. Affected by the incremental
investments in our cloud infrastructure, cloud profitability fell by
8pp on a constant currency basis, mainly due to significant
investments in the expansion of our data center and IT
infrastructure as well as in the harmonization of our various
public cloud offerings into one platform.

Efficiency improvements in both our cloud and traditional on-
premise business drove continued operating profit expansion.
Non-lFRS operating profit in 2016 was €6.61 billion ona
constant currency basis, reflecting an increase of 4%. Asa
result, we were able to surpass our excellent results from 2015,
despite our continued investment in our business
transformation during the reporting year. The positive
development of our operating profit was influenced by the
effects of our global transformation program carried out in 2015
as well as by the cost-conscious hiring of highly educated young
talents in our fast growth areas and locations that enabled us to
increase our overall headcount by 7,197 full-time equivalents in
2016. With these additional resources, we continued to invest in
our innovation and growth markets. Thus, constant currency
non-IFRS operating profit amounting to €6.61 billion was at the
midpoint of our raised outlook range (€6.5 billion to €6.7
billion).

We achieved an effective tax rate (IFRS) of 25.3% and an
effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of 26.8%, which is below the
adjusted outlook of 27.0% to 28.0% (IFRS) and 28.0% to 29.0%
(non-IFRS). This mainly results from taxes for prior years and
from the regional allocation of income.

Operating Results (IFRS)

This section on operating results (IFRS) discusses results only in
terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS numbers are not expressly
identified as such.

We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region, and
the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue
amounts to each region based on where the customer is located.
For more information about revenue by geographic region, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (28).

Revenue

Total Revenue

Total revenue increased from €20,793 million in 2015 to
€22,062 million in 2016, representing an increase of €1,269
million, or 6%.

Total Revenue

€ millions | change since previous year

22,062

20,793

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
This increase reflects a 7% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. The growth
in revenue resulted primarily from a €707 million increase in
cloud subscriptions and support revenue. Furthermore,
software support revenue rose €478 million. This growth is a
result of continuously high software license revenue, which
increased €25 million in 2016. Cloud and software revenue
climbed to €18,424 million in 2016, an increase of 7%. Cloud and
software revenue represented 84% of total revenue in 2016
(2015: 83%). Service revenue increased 2% from €3,579 million
in 2015 to €3,638 million, which was 16% of total revenue, in
2016.

Revenue by Line Item
€ millions

Cloud Subscriptions & Support

| 2.093
[NNN 4260
(NN cae

Software Licenses

Software Support

Services

For more information about the breakdown of total revenue by
region and industry, see Revenue by Region and Revenue by
Industry below.

Cloud and Software Revenue

Software licenses revenue results from the fees earned from
selling or licensing software to customers. Revenue from cloud
subscriptions and support refers to the income earned from
contracts that permit the customer to access specific software
solutions hosted by SAP during the term of its contract with

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 87


--- Page 40 ---

SAP. Support revenue represents fees earned from providing
technical support services and unspecified software upgrades,
updates, and enhancements to customers.

Cloud and Software

€ millions
18,424
17,214
14,315
12,801 13,505
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from
€2,286 million in 2015 to €2,993 million in 2016.

Cloud Subscriptions and Support

€ millions
2,993
2,286
1,087
696
270
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Despite a combination of a challenging macroeconomic and
political environment and the accelerating industry shift to the
cloud, we achieved a €25 million increase in software license
revenue. This increase, from €4,835 million in 2015 to €4,860
million in 2016, reflects a 1% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.

Our customer base continued to expand in 2016. Based on the
number of contracts concluded, 16% of the orders we received
for software in 2016 were from new customers (2015: 13%). The
total value of software orders received was stable year-over-
year. The total number of software license contracts remained
at the same level with 57,291 (2015: 57,439), while the average
order value remained unchanged year-over-year. 29% of our
software order entry in 2016 resulted from deals worth more

than €5 million (2015: 27%), while 38% resulted from deals
worth less than €1 million (2015: 40%).

Our stable customer base, continued investment in new
software licenses by customers throughout 2016 and the
previous year, and the continued interest in our support
offerings resulted in an increase in software support revenue
from €10,093 million in 2015 to €10,571 million in 2016. The SAP
Enterprise Support offering was the largest contributor to our
software support revenue. The €478 million, or 5%, growth in
software support revenue reflects a 6% increase from new
support business and a 1% decrease from currency effects. This
growth is primarily attributable to SAP Product Support for
Large Enterprises and SAP Enterprise Support. The acceptance
rate for SAP Enterprise Support among new customers reached
100% in 2016 (2015: 99%).

Software licenses and software support revenue rose €503
million, or 3%, from €14,928 million in 2015 to €15,431 million in
2016. This increase reflects a 4% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.

We define predictable revenue as the sum of our software
support revenue and our cloud subscriptions and support
revenue. Compared to the previous year, our predictable
revenue increased 10%, from €12,379 million to €13,564 million
in 2016. Predictable revenue accounted for 61% of our total
revenue in 2016 (2015: 60%).

Predictable Revenue

€ millions
Software Support = Cloud
13,564
12,379
8,989 9.916 Ba |

8,143 . 1,087
270 ones

10,093 10,571
7,873 8,293 8,829
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Cloud and software revenue grew from €17,214 million in 2015
to €18,424 million in 2016, an increase of 7%. This reflects an
8% increase from changes in volumes and prices anda 1%
decrease from currency effects.

Services Revenue

Services revenue combines revenue from professional services,
premium support services, training services, messaging
services and payment services. Professional services primarily
relate to the installation and configuration of our cloud

88 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 41 ---

subscriptions and on-premise software products. Our premium
support offering consists of high-end support services tailored
to customer requirements. Messaging services are primarily
transmission of electronic text messages from one mobile
phone provider to another. Payment services are primarily
delivered in connection with our travel and expense
management offerings.

Services revenue increased €59 million, or 2%, from €3,579
million in 2015 to €3,638 million in 2016. This increase reflects a
3% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1%
decrease from currency effects.

Asolid market demand led to a 1% increase of €26 million in
consulting revenue and premium support revenue from €2,856
million in 2015 to €2,883 million in 2016. This increase reflects a
2% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a1%
decrease from currency effects. Consulting and premium
support revenue contributed 79% of the total service revenue
(2015: 80%). Consulting and premium support revenue
contributed 13% of total revenue in 2016 (2015: 14%).

Revenue from other services increased €33 million, or 5%, to
€756 million in 2016 (2015: €723 million). This reflects a 6%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease
from currency changes.

Revenue by Region and Industry

Revenue by Region

Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

€ millions

APJ
3,377

22,062

Americas
8,931

EMEA Region

In 2016, the EMEA region generated €9,755 million in revenue
(2015: €9,181 million), which was 44% of total revenue (2015:
44%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 6%.
Revenue in Germany increased 9% to €3,034 million in 2016
(2015: €2,771 million). Germany contributed 31% (2015: 30%)
of all EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA
region was primarily generated in the United Kingdom, France,

Switzerland, the Netherlands and Italy. Cloud and software
revenue generated in the EMEA region in 2016 totaled €8,193
million (2015: €7,622 million). Cloud and software revenue
represented 84% of all revenue in the region in 2016 (2015:
83%).

EMEA: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
OnPremise = Cloud

7,622 8192
703

5,967 6,428 6,819 507,

“32 176 (277

7,489

5,885 6,252 6,542 7.15
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Cloud subscriptions revenue rose 39% to €703 million in 2016
(2015: €507 million). This growth reflects a 41% increase from
changes in volumes and prices and a 3% decrease from
currency effects. Software licenses and software support
revenue rose 5% to €7,489 million in 2016 (2015: €7,115
million). This increase reflects a 7% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects.

Americas Region

In 2016, 40% of our total revenue was generated in the
Americas region (2015: 41%). Total revenue in the Americas
region increased 6% to €8,931 million; revenue generated in the
United States increased 6% to €7,167 million. This growth
reflects a 6% increase from changes in volumes and prices and
currency effect of 0%. The United States contributed 80%
(2015: 80%) of all revenue generated in the Americas region. In
the remaining countries of the Americas region, revenue
increased 5% to €1,763 million. This increase reflects a 7%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2%
decrease from currency effects. Revenue in the remaining
countries of the Americas region was generated primarily in
Mexico, Brazil and Canada. Cloud and software revenue
generated in the Americas region in 2016 totaled €7,366 million
(2015: €6,929 million). Cloud and software revenue represented
82% of all revenue in the Americas region in 2016 (2015: 82%).

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 89


--- Page 42 ---

Americas: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
On Premise mCloud
7,366
6,929
4,646 4,922 5.275 1s 2a
nile 497 |
4,485 4,465 4,566 =
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Cloud subscriptions revenue rose by 27% to €2,000 million in
2016 (2015: €1,579 million); currency effects were 0%. Software
licenses and software support revenue in 2016 of €5,366 million
was virtually unchanged compared to the prior year (2015:
€5,350 million).

APJ Region

In 2016, 15% (2015: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in
the APJ region. Total revenue in the APJ region increased 6% to
€3,377 million. In Japan, revenue increased 24% to €825
million. Revenue from Japan was 24% (2015: 21%) of all revenue
generated in the APJ region. The revenue growth in Japan was
attributable to a 10% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 13% increase from currency effects. In the
remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased 1%.
Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was
generated primarily in Australia, India and China. Cloud and
software revenue in the APJ region totaled €2,865 million in
2016 (2015: €2,663 million). That was 85% of all revenue from
the region (2015: 84%).

APJ: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
On Premise mCloud
2,663 2.868
— 290
2,189 2,155 2,221
am = 6d= 101
2,46: 2,575
2,162 2,091 2,120 ;
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Cloud subscriptions revenue grew 45% to €290 million in 2016
(2015: €200 million). This growth reflects a 43% increase from

changes in volumes and prices and a 1% increase from currency
effects. Software licenses and software support revenue
increased 5% to €2,575 million in 2016 (2015: €2,463 million).
This growth reflects a 3% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a1% increase from currency effects.

Revenue by Industry
We allocate our customers to one of our industries at the outset

of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a
particular customer is recorded under that industry sector.

Revenue by Industry
€ millions

Consumer 5,520

Energy and Natural Resources 4,966
Discrete Manufacturing
Services

Public Services

Financial Services

In 2016, we achieved above-average growth in the following
industry sectors, measured by changes in total revenue:
Consumer (€5,520 million, growing 12%); Services (€3,632
million, growing 10%); and Discrete Manufacturing (€3,880
million, growing 6%). Revenue from the other industry sectors
was Financial Services (€1,928 million, growing 3%); Energy and
Natural Resources (€4,966 million, growing 3%); and Public
Services (€2,137 million, decreasing 2%).

Operating Profit and Operating Margin

SAP continued to invest in innovation and its cloud business and
achieved a record revenue in 2016. Thanks to strong revenue
growth and lower restructuring costs, our operating profit
improved 21% to €5,135 million (2015: €4,252 million).

In 2016, our operating expenses increased €387 million or 2% to
€16,928 million (2015: €16,541 million). The main contributors
to that increase were our continued investment in sales
activities and our greater revenue-related and investment-
related cloud subscriptions and support costs.

The record revenue generated and significantly lower
restructuring costs had a positive impact on our operating
profit. Continuing investment in cloud infrastructure, in sales
activities around the world, and in research and development
also affected the results in 2016. The increased operating profit
and the higher share price in 2016 pushed the cost of bonus

90 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 43 ---

payments to employees and share-based compensation higher.
Our employee headcount (measured in full-time equivalents, or
FTEs) increased by 7,197 year-over-year.

Operating Profit

€ millions | change since previous year

5,135

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
Operating Margin
Percent | change since previous year
26.6
24.9 247

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
The increased operating expenses largely represent
investments in the future and were offset by the increase in

revenue.

As an overall result of these effects on operating profit, our
operating margin widened 2.8pp to 23.3% in 2016 (2015:
20.5%).

Changes to the individual elements in our cost of revenue were
as follows:

Cost of Cloud and Software

Cost of cloud and software consists primarily of customer
support costs, cost of developing custom solutions that address
customers’ specific business requirements, costs for deploying
and operating cloud solutions, amortization expenses relating to
intangibles, and license fees and commissions paid to third

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

parties for databases and the other complementary third-party
products sublicensed by us to our customers.

In 2016, the cost of cloud and software increased 5% to €3,495
million (2015: €3,313 million).

Main impact on costs was an additional €291 million year-over-
year to extend our cloud business in response to the sustained
strength of customer demand, with an associated increase in
the expense of delivering and operating cloud applications.
These investments contributed to revenue growth. Our margin
on cloud subscriptions and support increased O.8pp to 56.1%
(2015: 55.3%). This improvement in margin was achieved
primarily through strong growth in revenue. The investments in
our cloud business were offset by the significant increase in
cloud subscriptions and support revenue.

While software licenses and support revenue increased, savings
in customer support, in the cost of developing custom solutions,
and in license fees, enabled us to reduce our software and
support costs by a total of €109 million year over year.

The gross margin on cloud and software, defined as cloud and
software profit as a percentage of cloud and software revenue,
widened to 81.0% in 2016 (2015: 80.8%). This change was
mainly driven by the improved software license and support
margin, which increased 1.2pp to 85.9% (2015; 84.7%).

Cost of Services

Cost of services consists primarily of the cost of consulting,
premium services and training personnel and the cost of
bought-in consulting and training resources.

As of the second quarter of 2016, we changed the way sales and
marketing expenses related to our service activities are
classified in our income statement. For more information see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (3b).

Although we were able to increase our service revenue by 2%
year over year to €3,638 million in 2016 (2015: €3,579 million),
our service business continues to be greatly affected as we
trend away from classic software licensing and consulting
revenue toward more subscription revenue from cloud
solutions. In addition, we continue to invest in our ONE Service
organization and in our customer co-innovation projects. As a
result, cost of services rose 5% to €3,089 million (2015: €2,932
million). Our gross margin on services, defined as services profit
as a percentage of services revenue, narrowed to 15.1% (2015:
18.1%).

Research and Development Expense

Our research and development (R&D) expense consists
primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs
incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in our

91


--- Page 44 ---

R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and
software we use for our R&D activities.

Due to growing personnel costs driven by a 12% increase in our
R&D headcount by the end of the year, our R&D expense
increased by 7% to €3,044 million in 2016 from €2,845 million
in 2015. R&D expense as a percentage of total revenue thus

increased to 13.8% in 2016 (2015: 13.7%). For more information,

see the Products, Research & Development, and Services
section.

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel
costs, direct sales costs, and the cost of marketing our products
and services.

Our sales and marketing expense rose 8% from €5,782 million
in 2015 to €6,265 million in 2016. The increase was mainly the
result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global
sales force, and of increased expenditure for bonus payments
prompted by the strong revenue growth. The ratio of sales and
marketing expense to total revenue, expressed as a percentage,

Applications, Technology & Services Segment

increased to 28.4% year-over-year (2015: 27.8%), an increase
of 0.6pp.

General and Administration Expense

Our general and administration expense consists mainly of
personnel costs to support our finance and administration
functions.

General and administration expense decreased 4% from €1,048
million in 2015 to €1,005 million in 2016. This decline in costs is
primarily the result of careful cost management. Consequently,
the ratio of general and administration expense to total revenue
decreased in 2016 to 4.6% (2015: 5.0%).

Segment Information

In 2016, SAP had two reportable segments: the Applications,
Technology & Services segment; and the SAP Business Network
segment.

For more information about our segment reporting, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note (28), and
the Performance Management System section.

€ millions, unless otherwise stated 2016 2015 Ain% Ain%
(Non-IFRS) (Constant

Currency)
Cloud subscriptions and support revenue 1,353 932 45 47
Cloud subscriptions and support margin (in %) 51 52 —2pp -lpp
Segment revenue 19,920 18,963 5 6
Gross margin (in %) 74 74 -Opp -Opp
Segment profit 8,031 7,723 4 4
Segment margin (in %) 40 41 -Opp -lpp

In 2016, the revenue increase in the Applications, Technology &
Services segment was driven mainly by strong growth in
software support revenue, which increased 5% (6% at constant
currencies) to €10,464 million. As a consequence of continuous.
strong demand for our human capital management, customer
engagement and commerce, and SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud
offerings, cloud subscriptions and support revenue in the
Applications, Technology & Services segment grew 45% (47%
at constant currencies) to €1,353 million.

The increase of cloud subscriptions and support revenue and
software support revenue resulted in an increase in the revenue
share of more predictable revenue streams in this segment of

2pp at constant currencies from 58% in 2015 to 59% in 2016.
Software license revenue attributable to this segment increased
1% at constant currencies to €4,814 million (2015: €4,770
million).

The segment's cost of revenue during the same time period
increased 7% (8% at constant currencies) to €5,279 million
(2015: €4,954 million). This increase in expenses was primarily
the result of greater investment in expanding our cloud
infrastructure and in providing and operating our cloud
applications, as well as additional personnel expenses to
support the growth of the cloud business.

92 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 45 ---

SAP Business Network Segment

€ millions, unless otherwise stated 2016 2015 Ain% Ain%
(Non-IFRS) (Constant

Currency)
Cloud subscriptions and support revenue 1,595 1,337 19 19
Cloud subscriptions and support margin (in %) 76 75 Ipp Ipp
Segment revenue 1,925 1,616 19 19
Gross margin (in %) 67 68 -lpp -lpp
Segment profit 338 317 7 ie)
Segment margin (in %) 18 20 —2pp —3pp

The segment's cost of revenue increased 21% in 2016 (22% at
constant currencies) to €631 million (2015: €520 million). The
SAP Business Network segment achieved a segment gross
profit of €1,295 million in 2016 (2015: €1,095 million), an
increase of 18% (17% at constant currencies).

Financial Income, Net

Financial income, net, changed to —-€38 million (2015: -€5
million). Our finance income was €230 million (2015: €241
million) and our finance costs were €268 million (2015: €246
million).

Finance income mainly consists of gains from disposal of equity
securities totaling €164 million (2015: €176 million), interest
income from loans and receivables, and other financial assets
(cash, cash equivalents, and current investments) totaling €40
million (2015: €41 million), and income from derivatives totaling
€29 million (2015: €30 million).

Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial
liabilities amounting to €108 million (2015: €135 million) and
negative effects from derivatives amounting to €114 million
(2015: €72 million). The decrease in finance costs is mainly due
to lower average indebtedness. For more information about
financing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (17b).

Income Tax

Our effective tax rate increased to 25.3% in 2016 (2015: 23.4%).

The increase in the effective tax rate mainly resulted from
changes in taxes for prior years and the increase in the profit
before taxes. For more information on income taxes, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note

(10).

Profit After Tax and Earnings per Share

Profit after tax increased to €3,634 million in 2016 (2015:
€3,056 million).

Profit after Tax

€ millions | change since previous year

3,634

3,325 3,280

3,056

2,803

19%

“% 7%

18%
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Basic earnings per share increased to €3.04 (2015: €2.56). The
number of shares outstanding increased to 1,198 million in 2016
(2015: 1,197 million).

Earnings per Share
€ | change since previous year

2.79 2.75
2.56
2.35
18%
2% 1%
-19%
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 93


--- Page 46 ---

Dividend

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately from
the profit the Company made in 2016. In recent years, the
payout has always been greater than 35% of profit after tax. We
aim to continue our policy to pay a dividend totaling more than
35% of profit after tax in the future.

The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will recommend
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that the total
dividend will be increased by 9% to €1.25 per share (2015:
€1.15). Based on this recommendation, the overall dividend
payout ratio (which here means total distributed dividend as a
percentage of profit) would be 41% (2015: 45%).

If the shareholders approve this recommendation and if treasury
shares remain at the 2016 closing level, the total amount
distributed in dividends would be €1,498 million. The actual
amount distributed may be different from this total because the
number of shares held in treasury may change before the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. In 2016, we distributed
€1,378 million in dividends from our 2015 profit after tax. In 2016
and 2015, we did not repurchase any SAP treasury shares.

Dividend per Share

€ | change since previous year

110 115

0.85

23%

2012

Finances (IFRS)

2013 2014 2015 2016

Overview

Global Financial Management

We use global centralized financial management to control liquid
assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and currencies.
The primary aim of our financial management is to maintain
liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our
obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity managed
centrally by the Group, so that liquid assets across the Group
can be consolidated, monitored, and invested in accordance
with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help keep SAP.
flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various credit
facilities are currently available for additional liquidity, if

required. For more information about these facilities, see the
Credit Facilities section.

We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and
foreign exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use
selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for
speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative
instrument for which we do not have corresponding underlying
transactions. The rules for the use of derivatives and other rules
and processes concerning the management of financial risks are
documented in our treasury guideline, which applies globally to
all companies in the Group. For more information about the
management of each financial risk and about our risk exposure,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Notes (24) to (26).

Liquidity Management

Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments is funds generated from our business operations.
Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has been
to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements
resulting from our growth, to quickly repay financial debt, to
acquire businesses, to pay dividends on our shares, and to buy
back SAP shares on the open market. On December 31, 2016,
our cash, cash equivalents, and current investments were
primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars. We generally invest only
in the financial assets of issuers or funds with a minimum credit
rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of cautious investment
characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of
counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and
standard investment instruments. Investments in financial
assets of issuers with a credit rating lower than BBB were not
material in 2016.

We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating
needs and, together with expected cash flows from operations,
will support debt repayments and our currently planned capital
expenditure requirements over the near term and medium term.
It may also be necessary to enter into financing transactions
when additional funds are required that cannot be wholly
sourced from free cash flow (for example, to finance large
acquisitions).

To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of
businesses, products, and technologies. Depending on our
future cash position and future market conditions, we might
issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain
financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we
continuously monitor funding options available in the capital
markets and trends in the availability of funds, as well as the
cost of such funding. In recent years, we were able to repay
additional debt within a short period of time due to our
persistently strong free cash flow. For more information about
the financial debt, see the Cash Flows and Liquidity section.

94 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 47 ---

Capital Structure Management

The primary objective of our capital structure management is to
maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and
customer confidence, and to support the growth of our
business. We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow
us to cover our funding requirements through the capital
markets at reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high
level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility.

For more information about the capital structure and its
analysis, see the Analysis of Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position section and Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (21).

The long-term credit rating for SAP SE is “A2” by Moody's with
stable outlook and “A” by Standard & Poor’s with positive
outlook. Standard & Poor's raised the outlook from stable to
positive on August 12, 2016.

Our general intention is to remain in a position to return liquidity
to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends totaling
more than 35% of our profit after tax as well as repurchasing
treasury shares in future. In absence of large acquisitions, our
strong operating cash flow will generate excess cash in the next

Financial Debts

6-12 months. Based on the actual acquisition volume and
liquidity development we would consider a potential share
buyback in the second half of 2017.

Credit Facilities

Other sources of capital are available to us through various
credit facilities, if required.

We are party to a committed €2.0 billion revolving credit facility
contract which matures in November 2020. The credit facility
may be used for general corporate purposes. A possible future
utilization is not subject to any financial covenants. So far, we
have not used and do not currently foresee any need to use, this
credit facility.

As at December 31, 2016, SAP SE had additional available credit
facilities totaling €474 million. Several of our foreign
subsidiaries have credit facilities available that allow them to
borrow funds at prevailing interest rates. As at December 31,
2016, approximately €25 million was available through such
arrangements. There were immaterial borrowings outstanding
under these credit facilities from our foreign subsidiaries as at
December 31, 2016.

Maturity Profile of Financial Debts

€ millions
Fixed = Variable
1,436
1,292
1,000 +095
925 ¥
750
600
422 1,095
1,000 307
aL mga xo
126 211 212
2017 2018 2019 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025 2027

Financial debt on December 31, 2016 included amounts in euros
(€6,150 million) and U.S. dollars (€1,660 million).
Approximately 58% of financial debt was held at variable
interest rates, partially swapped from fixed into variable using
interest rate swaps.

In August 2016 we issued a €400 million Eurobond with a
maturity of two years and variable interest rates (3-month
EURIBOR plus 0.30%).

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

In 2017, the Company intends to repay two Eurobond tranches
of €1,000 million in total as well as two U.S. private placement
tranches of US$442.5 million in total when they mature.

95


--- Page 48 ---

Financial Debt
€ millions

Bonds

Private Placement

Bank Loan | 16

For more information about our financial debt, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17).

Cash Flows and Liquidity

Group Liquidity

Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for
example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time deposits.
with original maturity of three months or less) and current
investments (for example, investments with original maturities
of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less
than one year included in other financial assets) as reported in
our Consolidated Financial Statements. Net liquidity is Group
liquidity less total financial debt as defined above.

Group liquidity on December 31, 2016, primarily comprised
amounts in euros and U.S. dollars.

The increase in Group liquidity compared to 2015 was mainly
due to cash inflows from our operations. They were offset by
cash outflows for dividend payments and repayments of
borrowings.

For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents,
current investments, and our financial liabilities on our income
statements, see the analysis of our financial income, net, in the
Operating Results (IFRS) section.

€ millions 2016 2015 A
Cash and cash equivalents 3,702 3,411 291
Current investments 971 143 823
Group liquidity 4673 3,559 14
Current financial debt -567 -868
Net liquidity 1 3238) 2,992 246
Non-current financial debt -6,390 -8,607 2,217
Net liquidity 2 __-3453 5,615 2,462
Group Liquidity Development
€ millions
400
4,628 —
-1,001
-106
-1,378
4,673
3,559 -1,800
~371
Group Liquidity Operating Proceeds from Capital Acquisitions Dividends Repayments of Other Group Liquidity
12/31/2015 Cash Flow Borrowings Expenditure Paid Borrowings 12/31/2016

96 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 49 ---

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flow

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

€ millions 2016 2015 Ain%
Net cash flows from 4,628 3,638 27
operating activities

Net cash flows from investing -1,799 -334 >100
activities

Net cash flows from -2,705 -3,356 -19

financing activities

In 2016 cash inflows from operating activities increased by
€990 million to €4,628 million (2015: €3,638 million). This
result is primarily due to our revenue increase and higher
profitability as well as €161 million lower payments to employees
related to restructuring (2015: €476 million).

In 2016, days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined
as the average number of days from the raised invoice to cash
receipt from the customer, increased three days to 74 days
(2015: 71 days).

Cash outflows from investment activities increased to

€1,799 million in 2016 (2015: €334 million). The increase
resulted from lower proceeds from sale of equity or debt
instruments of other entities of €793 million in 2016 (2015:
€1,880 million). Cash outflows from purchase of intangible
assets and property, plant, and equipment increased by

€365 million to €1,001 million in 2016. For more information
about current and planned capital expenditures, see the Assets
section and the Investment Goals section.

Net cash outflows from financing activities were €2,705 million
in 2016, compared to net cash outflows of €3,356 million in
2015. The 2016 cash outflows resulted from repayments of
€1,250 million bank loan that we had taken to finance the
Concur acquisition. The repayment was partly refinanced
through the issuance of a €400 million Eurobond. We also
repaid a US$600 million U.S. private placements. Cash outflows
in 2015 arose mainly from repayments of €1,270 million bank
loan that we assumed in connection with our acquisition of
Concur, €550 million Eurobonds and US$300 million U.S.
private placements. We refinanced another portion of the bank
loan through the issuance of a three-tranche Eurobond of
€1,750 million in total.

The dividend payment of €1,378 million made in 2016 exceeded
the amount of €1,316 million from the prior year resulting from
the increased dividend paid per share from €1.10 to €1.15.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 97


--- Page 50 ---

Assets (IFRS)

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position

Total assets increased by 7% year-over-year to €44,277 million.

Assets
Percent

Long term = Short term

2016

2015 76 24

Total current assets increased by 19% in 2016 from €9,739
million to €11,564 million. This was mainly due to an increase in
trade and other receivables to €5,924 million (2015: €5,274
million) on the one hand, which stemmed from our strong
business in the last quarter of 2016. On the other hand it was
due to investments in financial assets (2016: €1,124 million;
2015: €351 million).

Investment in Goodwill, Intangible Assets or
Property, Plant, and Equipment
(incl. Capitalizations Due to Acquisitions)

956% € | change since previous year

8,636

1,813
676 1,145
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Total non-current assets increased by 3% in 2016 to €32,713
million compared to the previous year's figure of €31,651 million.
This change was mainly due to foreign exchange related
revaluations.

Liabilities
Percent
= Shareholder's equity s=Longterm © Short term
2016 22
2015 25 19

Current liabilities increased by 23% to €9,674 million in 2016 as
compared to the prior year (€7,867 million) which was mainly
due to reclassifications from non-current to current financial
liabilities to reflect the respective maturity profile.

Total non-current liabilities decreased by €2,023 million in 2016
to €8,205 million compared to the previous year figure of
€10,228 million, which was (beside of the aforementioned
reclassification on financial liabilities) mainly due to a repayment
of our outstanding bank loan.

For more information about financing activities in 2016, see the
Finances (IFRS) section.

Thus, the equity ratio (that is, the ratio of shareholders’ equity to

total assets) improved to 60% (prior year: 56%).

Equity Ratio

Percent | change since previous year

2012 2013 2014

2015

2016

Principal Capital Expenditures and
Divestitures Currently in Progress

In 2016, we continued with various construction projects and
started new construction activities in several locations. The
expansion of our data centers is an important aspect of our
investments planned for 2017. We aim to extend our office
space to cover future growth. We plan to cover all of these
projects in full from operating cash flow. Our most important
projects are listed below:

98 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 51 ---

Construction Projects

€ millions
Country Location of Facility | Short Description Estimated Cost incurred by Estimated
TotalCost December 31,2016 Completion Date

Germany Walldorf New office building for approx. 71 8 October 2018
700 employees

Germany Walldorf New data center 65 9 March 2018

India Bangalore New office building for approx. 60 23 July 2017
2,500 employees

Israel Ra'anana New office building for approx. 63 48 April 2017
800 employees

United States New York City Execution of leasehold 52 33 March 2017
improvements and
consolidation of offices for
approx. 450 employees

United States Colorado Springs,CO New datacenter 122 21 January 2018

For more information about planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. There were no material divestitures

within the reporting period.

Competitive Intangibles

The resources that are the basis for our current as well as future
success do not appear on the Consolidated Financial
Statements. This is apparent from a comparison of the market
capitalization of SAP SE (based on all outstanding shares),
which was €101.7 billion at the end of 2016 (2015: €90.1 billion),
with the book value of our equity on the Consolidated Financial
Statements, which was €26.4 billion (2015: €23.3 billion). This
means that the market capitalization of our equity is nearly four
times higher than the book value. The difference is mainly due to
certain internally generated intangible resources that the
applicable accounting standards do not allow to be recorded (at
all or at fair value) in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
They include customer capital (our customer base and
customer relations); employees and their knowledge and skills;
our ecosystem of partners; software we developed ourselves;
our ability to innovate; the brands we have built up, in particular,
the SAP brand itself; and our organization.

As of December 31, 2016, SAP was the most valuable company
in Germany in terms of market capitalization based on all
outstanding shares.

According to the Interbrand “Best Global Brands” annual survey,
SAP ranked as the 22nd most valued brand in the world (2015:
26th). We went from number 26 to 22 on the list in just one year.
Against other German brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind
Mercedes-Benz and BMW, and ninth globally against other IT
brands. The SAP brand grew faster than major competitors.
Interbrand determined our brand value to be US$ 21.3 billion, an
increase of 13% compared to the previous year (2015: US$18.8
billion).

The results of our current and past investment in research and
development are also a significant element in our competitive
intangibles.

Our customer capital continued to grow in 2016. At the end of
2016, we had more than 345,000 customers (2015: 300,000) in
various market segments. The U.S. magazine Forbes revealed in
its World's Most Valuable Brands report that 98% of the 100
most valued brands, 87% of the Forbes Global 2000 companies,
and 100% of the Dow Jones top-scoring sustainability
companies are SAP customers. To help us improve insight into
our customers’ view of SAP, in 2012, we began measuring our
Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS), a metric that gives a more
complete picture of customer loyalty as it answers the question
of how likely our customers would be to recommend SAP. For
more information about our new customers and the Customer
NPS, see the Customers section.

Employee-related activities increased the value of our employee
base and our own software. For more information, see the
Employees and Social Investment section, and the Products,
Research & Development, and Services section.

Report on the Economic Position of
SAP SE

SAP SE is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany, and is the
parent company of the SAP Group, which comprises 246
companies. SAP SE is the Group holding company and employs
most of the Group’s Germany-based development and service
and support personnel.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 99


--- Page 52 ---

As the owner of the intellectual property in most SAP software,
SAP SE derives its revenue mainly from software license fees
paid by its subsidiaries for the right to market SAP solutions and
bears the group-wide research and development expenses for
the most part.

The SAP SE annual financial statements are prepared in
accordance with the reporting standards in the German
Commercial Code in the amended version of the Accounting
Directive Implementation Act BiIRUG and the German Stock
Corporation Act. The full SAP SE annual financial report and
unqualified audit report are submitted to the operator of the
Elektronischer Bundesanzeiger (Online German Federal Gazette)
for publication and inclusion in the Unternehmensregister
(German Business Register). It is available from SAP SE on
request.

The first time adoption of changed reporting standards
according to BiIRUG led to disclosure changes in our income
statement. The definition of revenues has been expanded such
that the recognition of income under revenues no longer
requires that the income results from sales of the products and
goods or from the provision of services that are typical of the
company’s line of business. So income formerly shown as other
operating income is now shown as revenue.

Intercompany royalty reimbursement claims from subsidiaries
from the years 2012 to 2015 in the amount of €153 million
reduced in the current year both, receivables from affiliated
companies and revenue, but relate to other fiscal periods.
Resulting taxes of €37 million reduced tax provisions and tax
expenses.

In order to improve the presentation of the income situation,
expenses for licenses and commissions are no longer shown as
other operating expenses. Due to the predominantly revenue-
generating nature of these expenses a separate disclosure
under cost of services and materials is applied.

Income

The income statement uses the nature of expense method and
presents amounts in millions of euros.

The following income statement shows the reconciliation of
prior-year figures shown in the financial statements 2015 to the
adjusted previous-year figures, taking into account the
disclosure changes described above. The comments to income
refers to the changes in relation to the adjusted previous-year
figures.

SAP SE Income Statement — German Commercial Code (Short Version)

€ millions 2016 =2015adjusted Reconciliation 2015
Total revenue 12,578 10,876 10 10,866
Other operating income 1,218 1,709 -10 1,719
Cost of services and materials -7,337 -5,263 -1,232 -4,031
Personnel expenses -1,838 -1,763 ie) -1,763
Depreciation and amortization -263 -263 ie) -263
Other operating expenses -2,143 -2,723 1,232 -3,955

Operating profit 2,215 2,573 0 2,573

Finance income 1,155 929 Oo 929

Income before taxes 3,370 3,502 Oo 3,502

Income taxes -760 824 0 824

Income after taxes 2,610 2,678 Oo 2,678

Other taxes =15) -14 0 -4

Net income 2595, 2,664 0 2,664

The total revenue of SAP SE in 2016 was €12,578 million
(2015: €10,876 million), an increase of 16%. Product revenue
increased 26% to €10,157 million (2015: €8,051 million). As in
previous years, product revenue was primarily generated from
license fees paid by subsidiaries of SAP SE.

The disproportionate rise of SAP SE product revenue compared
to SAP Group's increase of cloud and software revenues, is

100

mainly due to license fees paid for distribution and utilization
rights of IP held by affiliated companies. In December 2015, SAP
SE concluded license agreements granting SAP SE as of January
2016 world-wide distribution and utilization rights of those IP.
This mainly concerns the IP rights of our acquisitions from the
past years: Ariba, Concur, Fieldglass, SuccessFactors, and
Sybase.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis


--- Page 53 ---

Within the scope of these license agreements, SAP SE was

granted the right to further develop the existing technology, too.

As a result, the volume of IP-related SAP SE services, which had
previously been charged to the former IP distributers,
decreased, leading to a decrease of other revenues by 15% to
€1,927 million (2015: €2.280 million).

SAP SE operating profit decreased 14% to €2,215 million
(2015: €2,573 million). Other operating income decreased
€491 million to €1,218 million (2015: €1,709 million). The year-
over-year decrease is primarily due to a decrease in gains from
currency effects. SAP SE cost of services and materials
increased 39% to €7,337 million (2015: €5,263 million). The
granted IP rights led to an increase in expenses for licenses and
commissions by €947 million to €2.179 million

(2015: €1,232 million) and mainly IP-related research and
development costs resulted ina rise of services received by
€1,130 million to €5,137 million (2015: €4,007 million).

SAP SE personnel expenses, mainly the labor cost of software
developers, service and support employees, and administration
staff employed by SAP SE, increased 4% to €1,838 million
(2015: €1,763 million). Other operating expenses decreased
21% to €2,143 million (2015: €2,723 million). This decrease is
mainly attributable to €402 million lower losses from currency
effects and a €247 million decrease in restructuring costs. The
effect was partly offset by a €39 million increase in costs for
maintenance and service.

Finance income was €1,155 million (2015: €929 million), an
increase of €226 million compared with the previous year. The
increase is primarily due to a €230 million higher income from
profit transfer agreements and an increase of €5 million in net
interest income. These were partly offset by an increase of

€7 million in write-downs of financial assets.

SAP SE income before taxes decreased €132 million to

€3,370 million (2015: €3,502 million). Income taxes decreased
8% to €760 million (2015: €824 million). After deducting taxes,
the resultant net income is €2,595 million

(2015: €2,664 million), a decrease of €69 million year-over-
year.

Assets and Financial Position
In 2016, SAP SE total assets closed at €32,706 million
(2015: €30,953 million).

SAP SE Balance Sheet - German Commercial
Code (Short Version)

€ millions 12/31/2016 = 12/31/2015
Assets
Intangible assets 147 184
Property, plant, and equipment 1111 998
Financial assets 25,338 25,257
Fixed assets 26,596 26,439
Inventories 2 2
Accounts receivable and other 4,637 3,872
assets
Marketable securities 150 0
Liquid assets 970 360
Short-term assets 5,759 4,234
Prepaid expenses and deferred 205 173
charges
Deferred taxes 144 106
Surplus arising from offsetting 2 1

Total assets

30,953

Equity and liabilities

Shareholders’ equity 15,291 14,024
Provisions 1,339 1,247
Liabilities 16,069 15,679
Deferred income 7 3

Total shareholders’ equity and
liabilities

30,953

Owing to investments in IT infrastructure property, plant and
equipment rose by €113 million to €1,111 million

(2015: €998 million). Financial assets increased €81 million
compared with the previous year to €25,338 million

(2015: €25,257 million), due mainly to capital contributions and
loans to subsidiaries.

The increase of €765 million in accounts receivable and other
assets was principally the result of higher receivables from
affiliated companies mainly due to higher product revenue and
higher tax receivables. Liquid assets and marketable securities
increased by €760 million to €1.120 million (2015: €360 million).

SAP SE shareholders’ equity rose 9% to €15,291 million
(2015: €14,024 million). Against outflows of €1,378 million
associated with the payment of the 2015 dividend, there was a
€2,595 million increase in net income and an inflow of

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 101


--- Page 54 ---

€50 million from the issuance of shares to service the share-
based payments of employees. The equity ratio (that is, the ratio
of shareholders’ equity to total assets) increased from 45% in
2015 to 47% in 2016.

Provisions increased €92 million to €1,339 million

(2015: €1,247 million). Other provisions increased €110 million
to €953 million (2015: €843 million) primarily as a result of
additions to the other employee-related liabilities and provision
for losses from derivative forward contracts. Reserves for tax
decreased €17 million to €381 million (2015: €398 million).

Liabilities increased €390 million to €16,069 million

(2015: €15,679 million). This increase is mainly attributable to
contrasting effects: On the one hand, SAP SE issued new debt in
the amount of €400 million and liabilities to affiliated companies
increased €1.130 million, primarily due to increased cash
contributions by subsidiaries through SAP SE centralized
management of finance and liquidity; on the other hand, SAP SE
repaid €1,250 million in liabilities to banks.

Opportunities and Risks

SAP SE is subject to materially the same opportunities and risks
as the SAP Group. For more information, see the Risk
Management and Risks section as well as the Expected
Developments and Opportunities section.

102 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
