

--- Page 1 ---

122 — GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

The significant risks to which the Group considers that it is exposed are set out below. Other risks which are not set out or not currently
known may also affect it. The occurrence of such risks could have a significant negative impact on the business, the financial situation
and the earnings of the Group, on its image, its prospects and/or on the Company's share price.

5.1. Operational risks

5.1.1. ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

5.1.1.1 Structure of supply

and demand

The Group is exposed to risks related to a reduction or an
increase in the demand for LNG carriers, ethane carriers, FSRUs,
FLNGs and onshore tanks

Demand in containment systems used in LNG carriers, FSRUs,
FLNGs and onshore storage tanks depends on the prospects
for growth in LNG demand, and on the demand for maritime
transportation and onshore storage of LNG over the next few
years. In recent years, the growth in LNG trade has fluctuated.
At the end of the 2000s, the economic crisis and the rise of
unconventional gas in the United States led to an absence of
orders for LNG carriers in 2009 and a very low level of orders
between 2008 and 2010.

Over the period 2011-2015, GTT obtained 161 orders, or an
average of over 32 orders per year, whereas 2016 was marked by
a wait and see attitude from charterers and operators, limiting the
number of LNG carrier orders to 5.

With respect to the demand for ethane carriers, uncertainties
relate to the ethane offer (industrial ethane liquefaction
capacity in places where ethane gas is available) or demand
(relative competitiveness of ethane and naphtha for the
petrochemical industry).

Principal factors affecting the Company's business

The Group's revenues and operating results are historically
subject to significant variations, which could recur in the future
and have an unfavourable impact on the financial situation and
prospects for the Group.

The Company's current and future level of activity depends to
a large extent on current and future demand for LNG carriers,
FSRUs, FLNGs and, to a lesser extent, on onshore storage tanks
and ethane carriers, which may be negatively affected by any of
the following factors:

Factors related to the demand for LNG

> The ability to meet the respective demand of LNG buyers and
sellers and to enter into LNG sales contracts which generally
depends on obtaining the financing required to carry out
these projects.

>» Decrease in the consumption of gas resulting from a decline
in the cost of other energy sources, the increasing availability
of new sources of alternative energies or any other factor that
makes the consumption of gas less attractive.

> Increase in the cost of onshore regasification terminals, labour
costs or the occurrence of other economic issues which may
hinder the development of export LNG projects (negative
impact on the demand for onshore storage tanks).

>» Decrease in the cost of onshore regasification terminals or
the rising demand for such terminals, which may offer greater
capacities than that provided by FSRUs, assuming that there is
a demand for such capacities (negative impact on the demand
for FSRUs).

>» Deterioration in the business or political conditions in the
regions or countries where demand for LNG is strong. Such a
deterioration could reduce the consumption of energy overall
or the growth thereof.

Although many market observers predict increased demand for
LNG and ethane carriers in the medium and long term, such
demand, if it develops, will likely fluctuate based on changes in
LNG or other conditions and the Company cannot guarantee that
annual revenues will rise steadily.

Factors related to the supply of LNG

>» Changes in the LNG price, whether as a direct result of slowing
demand for LNG and/or as a knock-on effect of changing oil
prices in regions where gas and oil prices are correlated, such
as Asia and Europe. Such changes could affect the economic
viability of some liquefaction projects (see below).

>» Changes in the production, in domestic and international
markets, of natural gas that has a lower cost than the gas
obtained from LNG

The ability to obtain the administrative and environmental
authorisations required to carry out liquefaction and
import projects.

v

> Increase in the cost of onshore liquefaction terminals, labour
costs or the occurrence of other economic issues which may
hinder the development of export LNG projects (negative
impact on the demand for onshore storage tanks).

www.gtt.fr


--- Page 2 ---

RISK FACTORS

>» The decrease in the cost of onshore liquefaction terminals or
the rising demand for such terminals, which may offer greater
capacities than that provided by FLNGs, assuming that there is
a demand for such capacities (negative impact on the demand
for FLNGs).

» Feedback from the first FLNG platforms.

>» Deteriorating political conditions in regions in which gas export
projects could be initiated.

As a consequence, the comparison of revenues and operating
results on successive periods might not be an indicator of
future performance.

Factors related to the LNG shipping market

>» Ship-owners can, even on a temporary basis, optimise the use
of their vessel fleet, rather than order new builds (increase in
the average speed of vessels, delayed fleet upgrades, etc.).

>» Industrial and commercial agreements between operators can
have an impact on the use of the vessel fleet (pooling of vessel
fleets, alliances, etc.).

>» The decrease in the leasing prices of vessels on the spot market
may result in a sense of over-capacity and lead ship-owners to
delay part of their investment.

>» The uncertainty resulting from the lack of a destination clause
in LNG purchase contracts and the decrease in the length of
contracts can be a brake on investment decisions

» Variations in LNG prices between geographical areas can result
in significant variations in LNG trades on the spot market.

As of the filing date of this Registration Document, factors
related to the shipping market do not negatively affect the
Group's medium- and long-term outlook, but they could delay
when orders are placed and lead to differences in orders from
one year to the next and, accordingly, the realisation of the
associated revenues.

Impact of liquefaction projects
on the Group’s prospects

The decrease in LNG prices seen in 2015 through mid-2016
eroded the profitability of liquefaction projects which has led to
delays in investment decisions (Browse FLNG in Australia, Lake
Charles and Jordan Cove in the United States, LNG Canada, etc.).
The FLNG project in Indonesia (Abadi) was cancelled in favour
of an onshore liquefaction terminal that will, however, require
ordering LNG carriers to export the LNG produced. It also
provides an opportunity for onshore storage tanks. Furthermore,
the fall in LNG prices in Asia and Europe has reduced the
competitiveness of American LNG. However, since mid-2016, LNG
prices in Asia and Europe have increased again, at a faster pace
than the upturn in the price of American gas, making American
LNG competitive for exports.

In this context, six projects, including four in the United States
(Freeport, Corpus Christi, Sabine Pass and Elba Island) received

—_
5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

a FID" (Final investment Decision) in 2015 and 2016, representing
approximately 26 Mtpy of additional capacity. About three
other North American and/or African projects could receive a
FID in 2017, which would represent approximately 14 Mtpy of
additional capacity.

Despite the increased demand for LNG and the fact that
the Company benefits from the great distance between
US production areas and the Asian markets, the erosion of
profitability of liquefaction projects could have the effect of
delaying the launch of these projects and thus decisions to invest
in LNG transport and storage vessels and platforms.

As of the submission date of this Registration Document,
these delays do not negatively affect the Group's medium
and long-term outlook, but they could delay when orders are
placed and differences in orders from one year to the next and,
accordingly, the realisation of the associated revenues.

Risk of ship-owner bankruptcy

The Group is exposed to risks related to failures or delays by the
ship-owners in the performance of their payment obligations and
to the occurrence of one or more order cancellations by them.

Although the Group's direct clients are generally shipyards,
its end-clients are ship-owners, who order vessels from
these shipyards, and gas companies who charter vessels to
transport LNG.

Although the Group generally has no contractual link with the
ship-owners or gas companies with respect to construction
projects, any failure or delay by the ship-owners in performing
their payment could make it impossible for the shipyards to pay
for the services provided by the Group in accordance with the
contract between the shipyard and the Group. In addition, any
failure by gas companies that have chartered vessels may impact
the ability of the ship-owners to fulfil their obligations, in particular
obligations they may have towards shipyards. Any such failure or
delay by ship-owners or gas companies could have a material
impact on shipyards, and hence on the Group's financial position.

Risk of order cancellation

In addition, the Company may experience cancellations with
respect to orders placed by shipyards. Although cancellations
of orders for LNG carriers have been rare historically (seven in
total, and none in 2016), and occurred before the Company had
incurred significant expenditure to complete the orders, they did
occur and could occur again in the LNG transport and maritime
storage field. The occurrence of one or more order cancellations
in relation to LNG carriers could materially affect the Group's
activities, results, financial position, cash flow and prospects, and
there is no guarantee that order cancellations will not occur in
the future.

(1) With the exception of Elba Island, which did not announce a FID. However, the fact that construction has begun means that it can be considered de facto

“post-FID”.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

123


--- Page 3 ---

124 —GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Dependence of the Group on a limited number

of suppliers

The Group has approved some suppliers as qualified suppliers
for its shipyard clients.

These qualified suppliers provide the materials required to
implement the Group's technologies, and sell these materials to
shipyards that seek to implement GTT's technologies. They are
located primarily in Asia and particularly in South Korea, where
the Group's main shipyard clients are located.

Currently, only a limited number of industrial actors are
capable of supplying the materials used in implementing the
Company's technologies.

In order to reduce this dependency, the Company is working on
the diversification of its supplier panel, both in terms of materials
and geographical regions.

As a result, the use of Group technologies by shipyards
(i) depends on the capacity of the Group's approved industrial
companies to supply some of the materials needed, and (ii) may
be affected by any event in the countries or affecting the industrial
sites where the approved industrial suppliers are located, events
likely to restrict access to the materials required (political, military,
weather events, etc.). In the event that the Group's qualified
suppliers cannot supply the materials needed to implement these
technologies, there is no guarantee that alternative suppliers can
be found or found quickly enough, which could materially affect
the Group's reputation, financial position and order book.

5.1.1.2 Competitive environment

GTT is exposed to risks related to its competitive position in
membrane containment systems.

Impact of the regulations on anti-competitive
practices

In the jurisdictions where it conducts its activities, the Group is
subject to legal and regulatory provisions applicable in matters
concerning anti-competitive practises.

On January 29, 2016, the Company received notification from the
Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) informing it of the opening
of an investigation into a possible abuse of its dominant position,
due to its commercial practices in South Korea. To the best of the
Company's knowledge, there were no significant developments in
the case in 2016 and, as of the date of this Registration Document,
the Company had not been informed of any changes in the
procedure of which it should inform the market. Nevertheless,
the investigation could result in a decision to apply sanctions,
which could have a significant impact on the Group's business,
its financial position and its earnings. Furthermore, the Company
cannot exclude the possibility that similar investigations may be
initiated in other jurisdictions where the Group operates.

Risk of the development of containment systems
competing with the Group's technologies

Although the Group's technologies have a significant share in the
LNG maritime transportation industry, competing technologies
and containment systems may appear or be further developed,
to the detriment of the Group.

In addition, competing technologies currently being developed,
being approved by classification societies, such as those
developed by Samsung Heavy Industries, Hyundai Heavy
Industries, Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering and
Kogas (see section 2.1.1.2 - LNG carriers of this Registration
Document), or being referenced by gas companies, or which
are currently unknown to the Group, could in the future be
used by shipyards and reduce the Company's presence in
LNG maritime transportation and its ability to sell its own
technologies successfully.

However, the Group considers that due to the still relatively low
level of development of the membrane containment technology
developed by Samsung Heavy Industries (technology known as
KCS “Korean Containment System”), Hyundai Heavy Industries
and Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (systems
known as SOLIDUS and DCS16) or their still insufficient credibility
due to the absence of practical feedback on the technology
(technology known as KC-1 developed by Kogas), it is unlikely that
these technologies will have a significant impact on the Group's
presence in LNG maritime transportation in the medium term.

There has been renewed interest in traditional systems, known
as “Type B” (spherical Moss and prismatic SPB), since 2013,
but they are primarily restricted to Japanese projects (charterers,
ship-owners and Japanese shipyards), which limits their scope.
Note also that none of these “Type B” technologies were ordered
in 2016.

The risks related to the different technologies are presented in
section 2.1.1.2 - LNG carriers of this Registration Document.

Despite the large amount of resources it dedicates to R&D
activities and active monitoring of the development of competing
technologies, the Group cannot guarantee that new LNG
containment technologies will not be successfully developed
and marketed or that the Group's technologies will remain the
leading technologies. The Group does not and cannot know
all of the plans of its current and future competitors, and there
is no guarantee that the Group will be able to successfully
compete with these technological developments in the future.
In particular, the Group could be exposed to breaches related
to developments involving not only cryogenic containment
systems, but all components or sub-components interacting
directly or indirectly with these containment systems such as, for
example, the propulsion systems of LNG carriers, energy and
cargo management and optimisation systems on the vessels or
the materials used in cryogenic applications.

www.gtt.fr



--- Page 4 ---

RISK FACTORS 5

Specific risks related to technological developments
concerning the gas chain for LNG carriers

In addition to the development of containment systems
which compete directly with the Company's technologies, the
Company is exposed to the risks which may be represented by
technological developments in the system for management of
cargo on LNG carriers.

Indeed, the improvement of the cargo management system
(“gas chain") for LNG carriers, for example via active management
of the boil-off whose technical-economic performances may be
optimised, could lead to the emergence of new competition for
the containment systems developed by the Company, in as much
as such improvements could be coupled to containment systems
with lower thermic performances.

5.1.2

5.1.2.1 The business development

of the Group

Growth in the Group's business will depend on its ability to
maintain its position in containment systems used in LNG
carriers, ethane carriers, FLNGs and FSRUs, increase its presence
in onshore storage tank containment systems and expand in the
new activities that it has identified (see chapter 2 - Activity report
of this Registration Document).

This development will depend on various factors, including the
Group's ability to retain the confidence of shipyards, ship-owners
and charterers (gas companies), along with the Group's ability to
meet demand for its technologies and membrane containment
systems if demand increases significantly.

Although the Group attaches great importance to relations
with shipyards, ship-owners and charterers (gas companies), it
cannot guarantee that these relations will not deteriorate, in
particular in the event of problems experienced by the Company
or its subsidiaries in fulfilling their obligations towards shipyards,
in particular if customers’ demand is significantly higher than
forecasted, which could have adverse consequences on the
entities that own or use the vessels built or scheduled to be built
using GTT's technologies. Any difficulties in meeting demand for
the Group's technologies may harm the Group's image and may
encourage current and potential customers of the Company to
seek alternatives to the Company's technology.

Moreover, while in the past the Company has demonstrated
its ability to meet a strong and rapid rise in demand by using
subcontractors and by hiring additional staff on fixed-term
employment contracts or temporary employment contracts
for “production” work, the Company cannot guarantee that it
will always be able to meet all increases in activity. Additional
measures taken by the Group to meet increases in demand or

—_
5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

The companies involved, whether equipment manufacturers or
assemblers, in the design and construction of LNG carriers, and
more generally systems for the storage, transport, liquefaction
or regasification of LNG, are developing or are likely to develop
such improvements.

Risks related to the Company’s competitive

position in the cryogenic membrane containment
systems sector

In some situations, the Company may not be able to make
acquisitions or investments (for example, an alliance with a
competitor, supplier or client) that it believes represent beneficial
business opportunities, and those acquisitions and investments it
would be able to make may be delayed, conditioned or limited
by the relevant competition authorities.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT RISKS

other spikes in activity may involve additional costs to those
typically experienced by the Group and may have a material
impact on its financial results and position.

5.1.2.2 The Group's dependence on the
maritime LNG transport business
and the uncertainties relating to
the development of other more
diversified activities

As of the date of filing of this Registration Document, almost all
of the Group's revenues are derived from activities related to the
maritime transportation of LNG, which itself depends on global
demand for LNG.

Although the Group is taking steps to diversify its business in the
medium term through technologies that are already developed
or under development, there is no guarantee that the Group
will be able to successfully commercialise any new technologies
or continue to be successful in commercialising its current
technologies.

The Group considers that a significant part of its diversification
efforts will depend on its ability to adapt its containment
technologies in order to implement the use of LNG as a maritime
fuel, also known as bunkering (see section 2.4 - Development
of new activities by the Group in this Registration Document).
There is no guarantee, however, that bunkering will develop
in the timeframe or at the rate anticipated by the Group, and
any deviation from the projections set forth in this Registration
Document may have a material impact on the Group's growth and
diversification prospects and financial results. Low oil prices could
furthermore weaken the competitiveness of LNG in comparison
with oil-based fuels.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

125


--- Page 5 ---

126 — GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Given the cost associated with adapting its technologies, their
complexity and the cost of building the logistics infrastructure
enabling the refuelling of vessels with LNG from smaller
LNG carriers, the Group cannot guarantee the success of its
technologies in the bunkering sector, or their adoption by players

5.1.3

5.1.3.1 The Group's portfolio

of patents

A substantial proportion of the Group's technologies relies on
its portfolio of patents, for which the average period of validity
is approximately 15.5 years. For the purpose of its activities,
the Group must obtain, maintain and enforce its patents in all
countries in which it operates; its general policy is to file patent
applications in all these countries to ensure maximum protection.
The main technologies currently marketed by the Group give rise
to patents or patent applications, where applicable based on the
specificities of each patent, (i) in countries where the registered
office of construction and repair shipyards are located and/or
(ii) in emerging LNG countries (such as India and Russia), and/or
(iii) in LNG exporting countries (such as Australia, Russia and
Qatar) and in LNG importing countries (such as South Korea,
China and Japan).

Although the Group takes substantial steps to ensure the validity
of its patents, the Company is not and cannot be aware of all
patent applications or filings that have been or will be made by
third parties.

Procedures to secure compliance with the Group's patents may
be lengthy, time-consuming and expensive, regardless of their
merit, and there is no guarantee that the Group will benefit from
a favourable outcome.

As a result, the Group cannot guarantee that:

» the Group's patent applications currently being examined in
all the countries in which it operates its business will result in a
patent being granted;

> patents granted to the Group, along with its other intellectual
property rights, will not be challenged, invalidated
or circumvented;

» the protection provided by patents is sufficient to protect the
Group against competition and against the patents of third
parties covering technologies with a similar purpose;

» its technologies and products do not infringe patents
belonging to third parties;

> third parties will not claim ownership of patent rights or other
intellectual property rights that the Group owns personally
or jointly;

> third parties that have entered into license or partnership
contracts with the Group and having sufficient experience
of technologies that are based on the patents owned by the

that may prefer alternative, less complex technologies that
require a lower level of operational control, or other fuels (MDO).

In addition, the Group's strategy of the diversification into new
activities may lead to a change in its business model, exposing it
to new risks, particularly execution risks likely to have a significant
impact on its financial situation and its earnings.

RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Group are not developing and will not develop strategies to file
applications for patents related to the Group's business and that
may be an obstacle to the Group's patent filing strategy and;

>» court proceedings or proceedings before competent offices or
jurisdictions will not be necessary to ensure compliance with
the Group's patents or to determine the validity or extent of its
rights in this regard.

The trademarks registered by the Group are important elements
for the identification of its technologies. Despite the registration
of the Mark III, NO96, Mark Fit™, LeaNG and GST™ trademarks,
third parties could use or try to use these trademarks or other
Group trademarks. Efforts to enforce the Group's trademarks
may be unsuccessful in certain of the jurisdictions in which the
Group operates. Such infringement may damage the Group
commercially and damage its image.

5.1.3.2 The Group's know-how

The Group cannot guarantee that its technologies or their
implementation, each of which is based in part on the Company's
proprietary know-how, are sufficiently protected and cannot
be misappropriated by third parties. When performing license
contracts with clients or as part of its partnership contracts, the
Group informs its contracting partners of certain elements of its
know-how, particularly information relating to the implementation
of membrane containment technologies.

Although the Group seeks to limit this communication to the
information strictly necessary for its clients to implement its
technologies or for the Group to perform its obligations under
the aforementioned contracts, it cannot be guaranteed that
additional information, including its proprietary know-how, will
not be shared in the course of such activities. While the Group
takes steps to ensure, through confidentiality agreements and
other measures, that third parties who receive such information
undertake not to disclose, use or misappropriate it, the Company
cannot guarantee that such steps will be successful or respected
by its clients or partners.

In particular, the Group cannot guarantee that (i) its contracting
partners will fulfil their commitments and not develop
technologies inspired by those developed by the Group
(see section 5.1.1.2 - Competitive environment in this Registration
Document) or (ii) in the event that these commitments are
not fulfilled, the Group will be informed and be able to
take appropriate measures or steps allowing it to gain full
compensation for the damage suffered.

www.gtt.fr



--- Page 6 ---

RISK FACTORS

—,
5.1 OPERATIONAL RISKS

5.1.4 RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN RESOURCES

The Group's performance over time is based, in particular, on
the quality of its employees, their expertise, their know-how and
their motivation

The Group's business requires a high level of technological
expertise and advanced skills and know-how, which are constantly
changing to meet a range of needs

The need to constantly find new employees, train them in new
techniques, recruit and train managers, retain a sufficient number

of employees, including executives, engineers, technicians and
experienced salespeople with the required skills, expertise and
knowledge, creates a risk for the Group if it is unable to mobilise
the resources needed within the time-frames required. The Group
has a high level of technological expertise and its employees are
a key asset.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

127


--- Page 7 ---

128 —GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.2 INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

5.2

5.2.1

Industrial and environmental risks

RISKS RELATED TO ANY POSSIBLE DEFECT

IN THE GROUP’S TECHNOLOGIES

Although the Group has used its membrane and other
technologies for many years, it cannot guarantee a total lack of
defects when implementing these technologies or in the use of
these technologies over time.

LNG, or any other liquefied gas, contained in the tanks of vessels
equipped with the Company's technologies can, because of
certain sea conditions, cause deformation in the containment
membrane due to collision between the LNG cargo and the
walls of the carriers’ tanks (a phenomenon known as “sloshing’).
Although the Company has taken the measures necessary in order
to limit the impact of sloshing on its membrane containment
systems, incidents causing damage in the tanks using the
Company's technologies have occurred in the past as a result
of the sloshing phenomenon and may occur again in the future.
The occurrence or repetition of such events could damage the
Group's image and reputation among ship-owners, shipyards and
gas companies.

Emergence of faults in the Group's technology or its
implementation in tank construction could expose the Group

5.2.2. INNOVATION POLICY RISKS

The constantly changing economic environment in which the
Group operates requires that anticipating the changes and new
technologies required to maintain its position as a major player in
its industry. To respond to these changes, the Group invests very
heavily in innovation to be able to propose appropriate solutions
to its customers and ensure its future growth.

Research and development are essential to the Group,
which wants to provide its clients with the most effective and
innovative tailored solutions. Any delays, errors or failures of its
innovation policy, any failure to anticipate the consequences
for the Group of a new technology implemented by others in
the Group's area of expertise or in a technology field with the

to claims and litigation from ship-owners, shipyards, and owners
and operators of storage tanks, FSRUs, FLNGs, LNGCs, ethane
carriers or their beneficiaries and other users of the Group's
technology. At the date of filing this Document, the Company
has received one claim for compensation relating to a defect
in the implementation of its technologies. This is the only on-
going claim received to date by the Company, which denies
all responsibility in the matter. As a result, the Company may
book provisions in its financial statements. Such provisions may
have a material impact on the Company's financial statements
and its results, even if the claims or the underlying litigation are
unsuccessful.

In order to guarantee the Company and its subsidiaries in the
event of personal accident or material or intangible losses
caused to third parties, the Group is covered by a third party
liability insurance policy. The policy for the management of
risks and insurance is described in point 5.5.3 of this chapter -
Risk coverage and insurance policies.

potential to have applications in the Group’s markets could
render the Group's products or technologies less competitive
or result in the Group having less success than anticipated with
its clients, leading the Group to lose its competitive advantage
and potentially resulting in impairments or reducing the
Group's revenues.

Although the Group's innovation policy, which is indispensable to
ensure its growth, requires particularly high levels of investment,
which are an expense for GTT, notably in terms of research and
development, it cannot be assumed to be a certain source of
positive results for the Group.

www.gtt.fr



--- Page 8 ---

RISK FACTORS

5.2.3. ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Although the Group believes that its business does not involve
substantial environmental risks, where necessary, the Group
carries out studies using providers specialising in the health,
safety and environment (HSE) aspects of its activities, some of
which could present limited environmental risks related to the
storage and (i) use of chemicals, gases, dry wood or similar
combustible materials, (ii) the installed power of fixed machinery
in workshops, (iii) the quantity of foam processed mechanically,
(iv) the industrial production of cellular materials and (v) the
storage of cellular materials.

In addition, in order to implement its waste management policy,
the Company relies on companies authorised to take and process
industrial waste (such as foam, chemical waste, scrap metal and

5.2 INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

WEEE - waste electrical and electronic equipment). Should the
companies fail to conduct their business in accordance with the
current environmental rules and regulations, the Company may
be exposed to environmental liability.

Although the Group is aware that it works in a field exposed to
the risk of environmental liability, it cannot guarantee that it will
not incur such liability in the future. It cannot guarantee that its
current activities have not already resulted in such liability either.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

129


--- Page 9 ---

130 — GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS,

5.3 LEGAL RISKS

5.3 Legal risks

5.3.1

RISKS RELATED TO THE REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

IN THE MARITIME TRANSPORTATION INDUSTRY

LNG maritime transportation is governed by a number of
regulations, recommendations, codes and national, European
and international standards.

In particular, the IGC Code (“International Gas Code") provides
an international framework for the safe maritime transportation of
LNG by prescribing design and construction standards for vessels
carrying LNG, including standards for the equipment that those
vessels must incorporate so as to minimise the risks for the vessel,
its crew and the environment.

These standards may change depending on feedback relating to
vessels in use and on technological developments. These changes
take place through reviews of international agreements with the
involvement of national governments.

The new IGC Code came into effect on July 1, 2016. Although
several classification societies have already validated the fact that
the Group's technologies comply with the new Code, discussions
are under way with the other classification societies and the
Group cannot guarantee that it will obtain the validation of its
technologies by all the classification societies. The Company
has not, however, identified any adaptations to its technology to
date that would be required to comply with the new regulations.
Furthermore, any future changes in the IGC Code rules could
require the Company to modify its technologies in order to
remain compliant with the IGC Code requirements.

5.3.2

The commercial use of the Company's current and future
technologies is dependent on the approval of classification
societies, which prescribe standards for the design and
construction of the vessels that make use of the Company's
technologies. Each classification society maintains its own
approval and authorisation process, and the Company cannot
guarantee that it will be able to maintain the authorisations it
has already received or obtain the authorisations it will need in
the future. Any failure by the Company to maintain or obtain
authorisations could have a material impact on its financial
position, results and prospects and may result in one or more of
its key technologies become commercially unusable.

Although as of the date of filing this Registration Document, the
Company has always been able to prepare for and anticipate
the implementation of changes required by the IGC Code,
it cannot guarantee that it will always be able to adjust its
technologies to meet the requirements of the IGC Code within
the necessary timeframe and at a cost enabling it to maintain its
profitability level.

The inability of the Group to adjust, profitably or otherwise, its
technologies in line with new regulations, recommendations,
codes and national, European and international standards,
could have a material adverse impact on the Group's activities,
results, financial position, cash flow and prospects, including the
possibility that one or more of the Company's key technologies
become commercially unusable.

At the date of filing this Registration Document, the Company is
not aware of any other current or anticipated changes with regards
to the rules applicable to LNG maritime transportation that would
be likely to materially affect the Group's financial position

RISKS RELATED TO FUTURE AUTHORISATIONS

Changes in authorisation processes could increase the delays
and difficulties and thus give rise to additional costs to be borne
by the Company in relation to the authorisation and approval
processes. Any such delay, difficulty or cost may have a material
impact on the Company's reputation, financial results and
growth prospects.

www.gtt.fr


--- Page 10 ---

RISK FACTORS 5

5.3.3

Although the Group's policy is to comply with all legislations
and regulations applicable in each of the countries in which
its companies operate, and to international tax rules, certain
provisions can result in risks due to their lack of precision,
difficulties involved in their interpretation and changes in their
interpretation by local authorities. In addition, the tax regimes
applicable to certain Group entities in the European Union may
be under review by the European Commission and could be
changed in the future. Furthermore, the Group's companies may
undergo tax audits by local tax authorities in the normal course
of business.

Moreover, changes in the Group's operating environment,
including changes in tax regulations or their interpretation in
countries where the Group operates, and related practices, could
affect the calculation of the Group's overall tax burden (tax and
duties) and impact its financial position, cash flow and results.

The Group mainly operates in France, where it is subject to French
corporate income tax among other taxes. The Company also pays
withholding taxes on royalties from foreign sources, in particular
in South Korea and China. These withholdings can, where
applicable, give rise to tax credits in France. When calculating
its final tax charge the Group takes into account withholdings on
foreign earnings and whether these can be claimed back as tax
credit for taxes paid abroad. Lastly, the Company may be asked
by the parties involved to apply, or not to apply, withholdings
‘on the dividends it pays to shareholders located in jurisdictions
that have tax agreements with France. The Company is currently

—_
5.3 LEGAL RISKS

RISKS RELATED TO THE TAX ENVIRONMENT

undergoing a tax audit carried out by the French authorities
for the 2012, 2013 and 2014 financial years. It has not yet been
notified of the outcome as of the filing date of this Registration
Document. The audit may result in corrections and eventually lead
to a tax dispute before the competent courts.

In each case, it is important to interpret the local and French
tax rules, international tax treaties and the doctrine and
administrative practice in each jurisdiction in which the Group
operates. The Group must also make assumptions about the
scale of its future business, the outcome of such business, how
it will be done and how the resulting profits will be booked.
More generally, the Group cannot guarantee that such
assumptions and interpretations will not be challenged by the
tax authorities concerned.

The Company benefits from some specific tax arrangements.
In France, the Company pays tax at a specific rate of the
corporate income tax on royalties from some industrial property
rights, and receives tax credits in relation to some R&D spending
and withholding taxes paid on royalties from foreign sources.
These specific tax regimes could be called into question or
modified, which would be likely to have an impact on the Group's
tax charge, financial situation and earnings. The Company keeps
itself informed regularly of changes in terms of tax regulations
and monitors very attentively the implementation by the
OECD of a plan concerning the erosion of the tax base and the
transfer of profits, in order to evaluate the measures which could
subsequently be taken in France.

5.3.4 RISKS RELATED TO POSSIBLE NON-COMPLIANCE WITH STATUTORY
AND REGULATORY PROVISIONS

The supply of oil-related goods and services to some countries,
including LNG and LNG-related materials, is currently subject to
several sanction regimes, particularly from the United States of
America and the European Union.

To date, US and EU sanctions on Russia and/or some Russian gas
companies have had no material negative impact on the Group's
activities in Russia and/or for Russian clients.

In 2014 and 2015, the Company received notification from
Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, one of its licensed
customers, of an order for 15 ice-breaking LNG carriers as part of
the YAMAL LNG project. This project consists of the construction
of a natural gas liquefaction plant in Sabetta (north-east of the
Yamal peninsula) with annual capacity of 16.5 million tonnes
of LNG drawn from the Yuzhny Tambei gas field. The project's
operators (including the Russian company Novatek, which is

subject to US sanctions) are also building an offshore LNG
terminal, an airport, as well as an Arctic class fleet of LNG carriers.

At the date of filing this document, the Company was not aware
of any issues likely to affect the orders it has booked in respect of
the YAMAL LNG project. It cannot, however, rule out the possible
tightening of current sanctions (either in nature or scope) against
Russia and/or the Russian companies involved in the project,
resulting in delays to, or the suspension or abandonment of,
the YAMAL LNG project, or, more generally threatening its
prospects for commercial development in Russia:

Moreover, whilst to date, the Company has no business relations
with Iran, it may develop its activities in the country as part of its
commercial expansion.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

131


--- Page 11 ---

132 —GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.3 LEGAL RISKS

Also, other countries and/or current or potential customers of
the Company could be subject to sanctions affecting LNG or
related materials.

5.3.5

5.3.5.1

The Group's activities and growth prospects depend primarily
on demand for the maritime transportation of LNG from LNG
exporting countries to LNG importing countries as well as on the
building of liquefaction facilities.

Country risks

Any political instability, military action or terrorist-type attack,
change in regulations, expropriation, corruption, acts of war,
extra-territorial impacts of certain legislation, etc. affecting
these countries or affecting sea routes used to transport LNG
or delaying or threatening liquefaction projects could have a
material impact on the Group's business, results, financial position
and prospects.

5.3.6

During the ordinary course of its business, the Group risks being
involved in a certain number of administrative, traditional or
arbitration proceedings, particularly in the event of defects in the
technologies developed by the Group in either the LNG maritime
transportation, or in the wider liquefied gas fields. The Company
is unable to guarantee that these technologies are free of any
defects and that the Group can, where applicable, develop
adaptations in order to definitively eliminate the said defects.
Consequently, it may be that claims result therefrom and that
the Company's liability is incurred. Information about the inquiry
opened by the South Korean competition authority (KFTC) is
provided in section 5.1.1.2. The Company could take any action it
considers necessary to protect its interests and enforce its rights.

Group companies create a provision where it is probable that
such proceedings or claims will trigger costs for one of the
Group's companies and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount (see section 3.1.2 — Analysis of the GTT balance sheet in
this Registration Document).

If the Group were to be directly or indirectly involved in selling
LNG-related goods or services to countries or customers subject
to sanctions, or parties to such activities, it could be liable for
legal claims under one or more sanctions regimes

RISKS RELATED TO ECONOMIC OR POLITICAL FACTORS

5.3.5.2 South Korea

The Group's direct clients are primarily shipyards in South
Korea, China and Japan, and its end-clients are ship-owners and
international gas companies.

In 2016, 84% of the Company's sales revenues came from South
Korean customers (see note 18.2 of section 3.2.2 - Segment
reporting of the Registration Document). At that date, four
South Korean shipyards (Samsung Heavy Industries, Daewoo
Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, Hyundai Heavy Industries,
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries) that are customers of the
Company represented 86% (in number of orders’) of the
Company's order books. The Company considers that this
distribution of its customer base and its sales revenues is unlikely
to change significantly in the next few years.

As a result, any event - particularly political or military — affecting
South Korea or other Asian countries may have an impact
on the Group's financial situation, its liquidity, results and
growth prospects.

RISKS RELATED TO DISPUTES AND LITIGATION

Any provisions booked in this respect by the Group's companies
in their financial statements could be insufficient, and this could
have significant material adverse consequences on the Group's
activities, results, financial situation, cash flow and prospects,
regardless of the merits of the underlying claim.

On the date of this Registration Document, the Company is not
aware of any legal, governmental, administrative or arbitration
proceedings, other than the items described in this chapter
or in note 16 of section 3.2.2 - Other provisions (provisions for
litigation) and in Appendix 1 - Financial information prepared
in accordance with French GAAP, in the Registration Document,
involving the Company or its subsidiaries, either pending or
threatened, which may have or have had in the past twelve
months significant effects on the financial situation or profitability
of the Group and rendering the creation of provisions necessary.

(1) The five largest customers over this period in terms of revenue are not the same entities as the five largest customers in terms of number of orders as a

result of the revenue recognition method.

www.gtt.fr



--- Page 12 ---

RISK FACTORS 5

5.4 Financial Risks

5.4.1

Direct customers of GTT are essentially shipyards. As at
December 31, 2016, the Company has 21 shipyards under licence,
located mainly in China, Japan and South Korea. Of these 21 sites,
six sites are active and have notified GTT of orders for vessels.

Due to the limited number of customers, the majority of which
are long-term customers with which the Company has solid
partnership links, and to the fact that there have been no
payment issues for ten years, the Company has never had to
deal with any significant payment problems with its customers.
The Company is closely monitoring developments in the current
financial difficulties of the three main South Korean shipyards.
In 2016, however, a provision for impairment of receivables was
made in respect of one client due to invoices unpaid for two
years on account of a significant delay in the project in question.
The impairment charge covers 100% of the receivable due and
of invoices to be issued for the same customer. Note that this
customer is not a shipyard. This impairment remains immaterial
with respect to the total amount of trade receivables at end-2016.

Any event affecting the ability of the Korean shipyards, and in
particular Samsung Heavy Industries, Daewoo Shipbuilding
& Marine Engineering and Hyundai Heavy Industries, to pay their
invoices, including their insolvency, could significantly affect the
financial situation of the Group, as well as its cash flow and its
order book.

More generally, the loss of a significant client, the termination
of a contract with a significant client or difficulties in recovering
receivables from one of them could have a material adverse
impact on the Group's results, financial situation, cash flow and
prospects.

5.4.2 FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS

Purchases and sales are carried out almost entirely in euros, which
is also the functional currency of the Company. Most contracts are
denominated in euros.

5.4.3. INTEREST RATE RISKS

The Company has unused authorised lines of credit as of the date
of filing of the Registration Document. The future use of the lines

CREDIT/COUNTER-PARTY RISKS

—_
5.4 FINANCIAL RISKS

Furthermore, in the case of late payment from the shipyard, the
TALA (license agreement) may be cancelled, which prevents the
shipyard to commercialise the Company's technologies.

In case of order cancellation, the amount corresponding to the
services performed are due and payable by the client. From this
point of view, the fact of billing in accordance with five milestones
helps to spread the risk. Billing is aligned with construction
milestones of the vessel; any delay in the construction
automatically causes a postponement of billing.

The current financial difficulties experienced by many shipyards,
Korean in particular, constitute a risk for the Group. The Group
may, therefore, have significant receivables that are open to the
risk of non-payment or the client's bankruptcy. It should, however,
be noted that the failures of South Korean ship-owner Hanjin and
shipyard STX did not have any impact on the Group.

The Company therefore considers that it is not exposed to
significant exchange rate risk.

of credit could expose it to the risk of interest rate fluctuations.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

133


--- Page 13 ---

134 —GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

RISK FACTORS

5.5 RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS,

5.5 Risk management process

5.5.1

Following the analysis conducted in 2011, and updated in 2014, as
part of the planned implementation of a business continuity plan
and an IT system disaster recovery plan, in which the Company
identified the main risks it faces, the Company conducted
another risk-mapping exercise at the end of 2015. It included risks
related to access (physical and virtual) to the Company's data.
The review, carried out via interviews at the Management level,
enabled the identification of the priority risks the Company is
faced with, their validation by the Board of Directors, and the
definition of the required priority action plans. Actions have been
put in place based on the potential impacts of the assessed
risks (human, financial, organisational and reputational) and the
probability of their occurrence. Implementation of the plans

5.5.2

The Group has subscribed insurance policies covering the general
and specific risks to which it believes it is exposed.

Given the specific nature of its activity and the insurance policies
subscribed by the Group and described below, the Group takes
the view that it has a level of coverage that is appropriate to the
risks inherent in its business.

However, there is no guarantee that the insurance policies taken
out by the Group will suffice to cover all the risks to which the
Group is currently exposed or may be exposed or that it will be
capable, in the future, of maintaining adequate insurance policies
at reasonable rates and on acceptable terms

In addition, the ability of these insurance policies to effectively
mitigate the risks they cover depends on the financial capacity of
the counterparty insurers, and the Group cannot guarantee that
such counterparty insurers will be able to perform adequately or
at all their obligations under such insurance policies.

The Group's main insurance policies cover risks related to the
Group's civil liability, executive's liability and damage to the
Group's movable property and real estate.

The Group also has insurance policies covering other, more
specific, risks, such as policies covering its automobile fleet and
its expatriate and seconded staff.

OVERALL POLICY FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF RISKS

began in 2016. They are monitored on a regular basis by the Audit
and Risk Management Committee and the Board of Directors.

There is, however, no guarantee that the Company has correctly
identified all the risks to which it may be exposed or correctly
evaluated its exposure to the risks of which it is aware. Nor is
there any guarantee that any actions taken now or in future
by the Company have mitigated or will mitigate the potential
occurrence of the risks or the damage the Company might suffer
should these risks materialise. The occurrence of any of the risks
identified by the Company or the occurrence of a claim may have
a significant material impact on the Group's financial results,
cash flow, activities, prospects and reputation

RISK COVERAGE AND INSURANCE POLICIES

No claims were made in 2016 and the Group is not aware, at the
date of filing this Registration Document, of any events likely to
generate a claim under any of its insurance policies.

5.5.2.1

The Group has a civil liability insurance policy intended to cover
it against the financial consequences of any liability for personal
injuries, material or immaterial property damages caused to third
parties during the course of its business activities. The Group's
civil liability insurance policy was renegotiated in 2016 to ensure
the best match with the Group's needs. Some risks are expressly
excluded from the insurance policies described and so are
not covered.

Civil liability insurance

In addition to the Group's civil liability programme, each
subsidiary also has a local civil liability insurance policy as required
by law and practice in their markets.

www.gtt.fr



--- Page 14 ---

RISK FACTORS

5.5.2.2 Executives’ liability insurance

The Group's executives are covered by liability insurance to
protect them against the pecuniary consequences of breaches
of statutory or regulatory provisions or provisions of the by-laws of
the Company, mismanagement, errors, omissions or negligence
by them with respect to third parties (excluding intentional
and wilful misconduct, criminal offences and breaches of tax or
customs law). This insurance policy covers the cost of defence,

—,
5.5 RISC MANAGEMENT PROCESS

prevention, psychological assistance, communication and efforts
to restore the image of the Group's executives.

5.5.2.3 Multi-risk insurance

The Group has a “multi-risk” insurance policy covering damage to
its movable property and real estate, subject to exclusions stated
expressly in the policy.

GTT REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

135
