

--- Page 1 ---

To our S| Corporate responsibi

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

49. Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Basis of the
Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is one of Germany's leading banks for private and cor-
porate clients, and an internationally active universal bank with loca-
tions spanning more than 50 countries. It has one of the densest branch
networks of any private-sector bank in Germany. Commerzbank
serves a total of over 17.5 million private and small-business cus-
tomers and more than 60,000 corporate clients worldwide.

As part of its new strategy, Commerzbank is focusing its business
activities on the two core segments “Private and Small-Business Cus-
tomers” and “Corporate Clients”, offering them a comprehensive port-
folio of banking and capital market services. The run-off segment
Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) comprises — besides the Public
Finance business — all non-strategic activities of commercial real
estate and ship financing. Each segment is managed by a member of
the Board of Managing Directors.

All staff and management functions are contained in Group Man-
agement: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Compliance,
Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group Human
Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group Treasury
and the central risk functions. The support functions are provided by
Group Services. These include Group Banking Operations, Group
Markets Operations, Group Information Technology, Group Organi-
sation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The staff, management
and support functions are combined in the Others and Consolidation
division for reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages a
nationwide branch network through which all customer groups are
served. Its major German subsidiaries are comdirect bank AG and
Commerz Real AG. Outside Germany, the Bank has 6 material sub-
sidiaries, 23 operational foreign branches and 34 representative
offices in more than 50 countries and is represented in all
financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo, Hong Kong
and Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank’s international ac-

major

tivities is on Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the
Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

Commerzbank stands for fair and competent advice tailored with-
out exception to the needs of customers and the real economy.
“The bank at your side” - everything Commerzbank does is meas-
ured against this promise, and the Bank has very clearly demon-
strated its commitment in this area over recent years.

The banking business has undergone fundamental changes due
to the current low interest rate environment, legal requirements
and digitalisation, as have the ways in which customers want to
conduct their banking transactions. Commerzbank is meeting
these major challenges with its new strategy “Commerzbank 4.0”
communicated at the end of September 2016.

As part of this strategy, it will concentrate on its core busi-
nesses and digitalise 80% of relevant processes, thereby achiev-
ing significant efficiency gains and increasing its profitability on a
sustainable basis by the end of 2020. Its business will be focused
on two customer segments, “Private and Small-Business Custom-
ers” and “Corporate Clients”. The former Mittelstandsbank and
Corporates & Markets segments were consolidated into a single
unit and trading activities in investment banking were scaled back.
The downsizing of the trading activities will reduce earnings vola-
tility and regulatory risk, and will free up capital to be invested in
the core customer businesses.

Commerzbank is aiming for a net return on tangible equity of
more than 6% by the end of 2020. This target is based on the ex-
pectation that the interest rate environment will remain challeng-
ing. Should interest rates normalise, a net return on tangible equity
of more than 8% will be achievable. Commerzbank is expecting
revenues for 2020 to total between €9.8bn and €10.3bn. The cost
base is to be reduced to €6.5bn, taking the cost/income ratio to
below 66%. In a up to 2020 expected normalised interest rate envi-
ronment, revenues could rise to over €11bn, and the cost/income
ratio could fall to around 60%. The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1)
ratio, after full application of Basel 3, should remain at least 12%
until 2018 taking into account currently foreseeable regulatory de-
velopments. For 2020 the Bank is expecting a ratio of above 13%.

To cover its restructuring costs of around €1.1bn in 2017/2018,
Commerzbank will cease dividend payments for the time being and
will fully retain its earnings.

49

Group Management Report


--- Page 2 ---

Group Management Report

50

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The focus on the core business, with some business activities
being discontinued, and the digitalisation and automation of work-
flows will lead to staff reductions likely to amount to around 9,600
full-time positions. The Bank will begin negotiations about this
with the employee representative committees in the next few
weeks. At the same time, around 2,300 new jobs will be created in
areas of business growth. Hence, the net number of jobs shed will
amount to around 7,300 full-time positions.

Concentrating on strengths

With its two segments, “Private and Small-Business Customers”
and “Corporate Clients”, Commerzbank will in future be even
more focused on its core businesses. The Bank is focusing on areas
where it delivers particular added value to its customers, thereby
setting itself apart from the competition. In addition, it is system-
atically giving up businesses in which it does not see any future.
This relates in particular to the investment bank, where trading
activities will be simplified and aligned with the needs of the
Bank’s core customers. The former Corporates & Markets segment
was merged with the former Mittelstandsbank segment (excluding
smaller Mittelstand customers) to form the Corporate Clients seg-
ment. Services that are important to corporate clients, such as
capital market financing on the equity and debt side and risk man-
agement products, will remain key to Commerzbank’s offering.
Commerzbank will first place the business with structured invest-
ment and financial products and the associated market-making
from the Equity Markets & Commodities area into a subsidiary.
This also includes the successful asset management subsidiary
ComStage. The details depend on the outcome of negotiations
with representative bodies. The new subsidiary will concentrate
fully on its core business as one of the leading European and Asian
providers and market-makers for financial products and continue
to offer attractive products and services and associated technolo-
gies. In the medium term, the new subsidiary is then intended to
be floated on the stock market. The exotic interest rates and for-
eign exchange derivatives business will cease, while bond trading
in Fixed Income & Currencies will be scaled back. The capital freed
up by this withdrawal will be reinvested in the “Private and Small-
Business Customers” segment. By 2020 the Bank wants to achieve
cost savings of €1.1bn by focusing, eliminating redundancies,
simplifying the infrastructure and by digitalisation.

Private and Small-Business Customers:
building on our strong position

The new Private and Small-Business Customers segment encom-
passes Commerzbank’s private and small-business customers as
well as the subsidiaries comdirect, Commerz Real and mBank. The
customer group “Small-Business Customers” comprises commer-
cial clients and smaller SMEs. The Bank wants to gain a net two
million new customers in Private and Small-Business Customers in
the German market by 2020. Growth will be driven, in particular,
by the expansion of digital multi-channel banking and innovative
products, such as a new digital instalment loan platform and digi-
tal asset management including robo-advice. Commerzbank will
also maintain a dense branch network. Besides the large flagship
branches in the main population centres, Commerzbank will intro-
duce a new type of small, modern branch: the “city branch”. The
Bank is planning to substantially increase its market share among
small-business customers to 8% over the next four years, thanks
to good regional accessibility, tailored product portfolios, digital
solutions and its ability to offer private and business services in
one place. The aim is for these measures to generate revenue
growth of at least €1.1bn in the new Private and Small-Business
Customers segment by the end of 2020.

Corporate Clients: national and international
growth from a leading position

In corporate banking, the Bank wants to further extend its leading
position in trade financing. To achieve this it is looking for focused
growth in the most important trade corridors for German and
European corporate clients. With its deep penetration of key Ger-
man industries — automotive and transport, chemicals and phar-
maceuticals, engineering, energy and infrastructure, consumer
goods and retail - Commerzbank possesses comprehensive sector
expertise which sets it apart from the competition. In future it will
increasingly offer this expertise to its international clients in Europe
as well. Among Mittelstand clients with turnover of between €15m
and €100m as well, Commerzbank plans to further expand its mar-
ket position with the aid of its international expertise and digitalisa-
tion. To achieve this it will further develop its offering and intro-
duce new digital products and services. Collaboration between
client relationship managers and product experts will be further
strengthened by bundling the former Mittelstandsbank and Corpo-
rates & Markets segments. The aim is for these measures to gener-
ate revenue growth of over €300m in the new segment by the end
of 2020.


--- Page 3 ---

To our Sharehi Corporate responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Stater

ts urther Information

49. Basis of the Commerzbank Group

eport

form:

Evolution into a digital enterprise

Over the next four years Commerzbank will evolve into a digital
enterprise. The Bank will invest approximately €700m per year in
digitalisation and IT by reallocating existing funds, without increas-
ing its overall investment expenditure. In future, agile project
teams working as part of a “Digital Campus” will drive forward
digitalisation projects and automate and optimise processes. We
want to digitalise 80% of relevant business processes by 2020.
The Bank expects significant cost reductions and efficiency gains
asa result.

Corporate management

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented control concept. This concept is based on ensuring
that the risks entered into by the business units are in line with the
external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing capacity and on
aiming to achieve an appropriate return over the long term on the
capital employed. In this respect, the Bank regularly monitors the
allocation of scarce resources to business units and actively adapts
its business strategy to changing market circumstances in order to
boost the enterprise value over the long term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the seg-
ments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The seg-
ments put the plan into operation based on the business strategy
and the results of the planning process. The Board of Managing
Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that business plan-
ning is being followed. This ensures any deviations are identified
at an early stage through monthly management reporting and
countermeasures taken.

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard indicators described below, which cover all the essen-
tial dimensions of group management. Their development is moni-
tored as part of regular management reporting.

nce

tunities repor

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy regulations. To ensure internal risk-taking capa-
bility at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital to
the segments broken down by type of risk. Regulatory capital as per
the provisions of the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) is used
as the basis for calculating the capital employed in the segments.

In addition to compliance with the capital requirements currently
in place (under phase-in rules), the capital markets are already focus-
ing on the full application of the CRR from 2018. The Common
Equity Tier 1 ratio (fully phased-in) is therefore a key indicator for
the Bank in capital management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management process are operating profit/loss and group
profit/lloss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the
cost/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value
added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used
to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating
expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring
expenses) to income before loan loss provisions. Segment return
on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/oss or pre-tax
profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital employed. It
shows the return on the equity invested in a given business seg-
ment. As is standard for value-based management concepts, the
target minimum return on capital employed is derived from the
expected return on the capital market. With a view to the “Commerz-
bank 4.0” strategy, the focus at Group level is the return on tangi-
ble equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the
performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied
by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of
the consolidated surplus after tax and non-controlling interests to
average Group equity. The capital cost rate represents our share-
holders’ expectations for the minimum return on their capital em-
ployed and is reviewed on an annual basis. The calculation of the
capital cost rate is based on the capital market-oriented Capital
Asset Pricing Model (CAPM). Commerzbank currently calculates
its post-tax capital cost rate to be 7.5%.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that varies from segment
to segment depending on the business strategy.

Group Management Report


--- Page 4 ---

Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Remuneration report

The Remuneration Report is part of the Corporate Governance Re-
port in the Corporate Responsibility section. It forms part of the
Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (2)
no. 5 of the German Commercial
Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (2) no. 5 of the German Commercial
Code (HGB) can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section.
They form part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4)
of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
and explanatory report can be found in the Corporate Responsibil-
ity section. They form part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (5) of
the German Commercial Code (HGB)

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (5) in conjunction with Art. 289a of
the German Commercial Code, “Declaration on corporate govern-
ance”, can be found in the Corporate Governance report. They
form part of the Group Management Report.

Important staffing and business
policy events

Commerzbank further reduced both risks and complexity in 2016.
In addition to measures implemented to improve strategic focus,
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt was wound up as planned and the in-
ternational wealth management activities of our Luxembourg sub-
sidiary were sold. The Bank also further strengthened its compli-
ance function. There were some changes in personnel during the
year, both within the Board of Managing Directors and as regards
the position of Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors. The
process of electing a new Chairman of the Supervisory Board in
2018 has already begun.

Change in the Board of Managing Directors
of Commerzbank

At its meeting on 6 March 2016, the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank appointed Martin Zielke to succeed Martin Blessing
as Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank
with effect from 1 May 2016. Michael Mandel and Dr. Bettina Orlopp
were also appointed to the Board of Managing Directors. The de-
cision to appoint Dr. Bettina Orlopp is still subject to regulatory
approval. Michael Mandel took over from Martin Zielke as the
member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for
Commerzbanks’s private customer business. Dr. Orlopp will in
future be responsible for the new Board portfolio Compliance,
Human Resources and Legal. The new distribution of responsibili-
ties is the Bank’s response to the significant demands placed on
Frank Annuscheit, Chief Operating Officer and Labour Director, as
a result of digitalisation, together with the steady increase in the
time required to deal with compliance and legal issues. The ap-
pointment also further underlines the importance of a strong com-
pliance culture. Dr. Orlopp will fulfil her new duties in the capacity
of Executive Board Member until her appointment to the Board of
Managing Directors becomes effective. Until then, the distribution
of responsibilities between the members of the Board of Managing
Directors will remain unchanged.

At its meeting at the end of September 2016 Commerzbank’s
Supervisory Board agreed to Markus Beumer’s request to release
him from his contract, which ran to 31 December 2020, as the
member of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank re-
sponsible for the Mittelstandsbank segment, with effect from
31 October 2016. Over the last nine years, as a board member, Markus
Beumer has played an instrumental role in helping to further en-
hance Commerzbank’s profile as a leading corporate bank in Ger-
many and Europe. Michael Reuther has taken on the management of
the Corporate Clients segment.

Dr. Stefan Schmittmann to succeed
Klaus-Peter Miller as Chairman of the
Supervisory Board from 2018

The Supervisory Board intends to propose to the Annual General
Meeting (AGM) in May 2018 that Dr. Stefan Schmittmann be
elected to the Supervisory Board as a shareholder representative.
The AGM is also to be notified that Dr. Stefan Schmittmann will be
put forward as candidate for the position of Chairman of the
Supervisory Board. Dr. Schmittmann stepped down from the
Bank’s Board of Managing Directors at the end of 2015, and would
therefore observe the statutory cooling-off period of two years be-
fore joining the Supervisory Board.


--- Page 5 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate res}

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

49. Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank’s Supervisory Board furthermore intends to pro-
pose to the AGM in May 2017 that Dr. Tobias Guldimann be elected
to the Supervisory Board as a shareholder representative. Dr. Roger
Miiller would step down from the Bank’s Supervisory Board at the
end of the 2017 AGM. Should Dr. Tobias Guldimann be elected to
the Supervisory Board, the Supervisory Board plans to appoint him
as a member of the Audit Committee for the duration of his term as
a Supervisory Board member.

Commerzbank completes winding-up of
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG

In mid-May, Commerzbank completed the winding-up of its
(HF),
formerly Eurohypo AG. HF’s private customer, commercial real

wholly-owned subsidiary Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG

estate and public finance portfolios were transferred to Commerz-
bank Aktiengesellschaft. HF was transformed into the servicing
company LSF Loan Solutions Frankfurt GmbH. LSF’s task is to
process and further reduce the portfolio of commercial real estate
loans transferred to Commerzbank. It will do so on behalf of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and as far as possible on its own
responsibility. The headcount reduction in Eschborn necessitated
by the winding-up of HF was carried out without any compulsory
redundancies. With the transformation of HF into the servicer LSF,
HF has relinquished its banking licence and Pfandbrief licence.
Following the transaction, all of HF’s outstanding Pfandbriefe
were transferred to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Large parts of
HF’s retail mortgage loans were transferred to the cover pool of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. However, HF’s commercial real
estate loans earmarked for further reduction were not placed in the
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft cover pool. With a view to ensur-
ing the necessary excess cover, the legally required amount plus a
sufficiently large buffer are held available to manage the cover pool.
Mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector Pfandbriefe will also form
an integral part of the long-term funding of Commerzbank Aktien-

gesellschaft in future.

Commerzbank restructures US business

Commerzbank decided at the end of June to restructure its busi-
ness in the USA, one of its most important international locations.
Our US business is the competence centre for US corporate and
institutional customers and for US subsidiaries of non-US custom-
ers. We will continue to offer US dollar loans, bonds, currency and
other risk management products and ensure access to the capital
market for our customers.

The restructuring will have a twofold impact on our US busi-
ness, however. Firstly, we have outsourced the settlement and
clearing of commercial US dollar payments for our customers that

are not executed from the US to third-party banks. This will not
result in any change for our customers who conduct US dollar
payment transactions with Commerzbank, but it will enable us to
reduce the complexity of our international payment transactions
services. This decision is also a logical consequence of our efforts
to streamline our global network of correspondent banks. Secondly,
we have decided to stop offering certain products and services in
the USA, as they no longer form part of our local strategic offering
for our US customers. This affects the securities lending business
and structured financing solutions.

The planned restructuring in New York will lead to a headcount
reduction in New York. This will primarily affect the back office
support units, where around 100 posts will be made redundant. Job
cuts in the front office will be in the low double digits. The reduc-
tion process is expected to be completed in 2018, with the majority
of the redundancies taking place by the end of this year.

Commerzbank decides to further focus
business strategy

Commerzbank has decided to exit the collateralised equity busi-
ness even though it can produce tax advantages. This underscores
the commitment to its position that all businesses must not only
contribute to the real economy but also be socially acceptable. The
Bank is deliberately walking away from the corresponding contri-
bution to earnings.

In addition, the streamlining of the correspondent banking net-
work that has begun in early 2016 continued in the second quarter.
The reduction in the number of correspondent banking relation-
ships is the result of an ongoing review and optimisation of our
business model. Apart from earnings, cost and risk issues, compli-
ance standards also play an important role here. Our corporate cli-
ents can be confident that we still have a network of correspondent
banks which spans the globe. We therefore remain in a position to
accompany export- and import-focused SMEs in international trade
in the world’s key markets.

Commerzbank strengthens compliance function

In 2016 the Bank identified key action areas for further strength-
ening the compliance function and addressed or initiated them in
all divisions. More than €50m was invested in the compliance in-
frastructure. To develop a global and effective compliance organi-
sation and a future-proof concept, the Global Financial Crime,
Regional Compliance Americas and Global Strategy & Steering di-
visions were restructured and new units such as the Financial
Crime Unit, Compliance Training, Compliance Reporting and Client
Tax Compliance were implemented. These measures significantly
strengthened the compliance function. This was driven not only by

53

Group Management Report


--- Page 6 ---

Group Management Report

54

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

structural changes but also by the successful recruitment of addi-
tional compliance experts with external experience to work at
head office and in foreign locations. This trend will be further con-
solidated by means of a short- and medium-term HR strategy. The
Bank also continued to focus on ensuring the independence and
quality of the compliance function. The independence of Group
Compliance in respect of the segments is defined in the govern-
ance framework and assured through the rights of intervention of
the Chief Compliance Officer. The establishment of compliance
coordination units in the front office (first line of defence) was re-
solved and launched as part of the “three lines of defence” model
implemented in the Bank. Another area of focus was on boosting a
uniform compliance culture that is actively implemented within
the entire Bank. In addition to a binding code of conduct, this also
involves various compliance training sessions, including “lessons
learned” sessions, and improved communication from the Board
of Managing Directors and management on compliance risk (tone
from the top).

In its efforts to address the findings relating to the settlements
with various US authorities the bank has dealt with the majority of
the findings. The Bank also received the interim report of the
monitor appointed by the New York State Department of Financial
Services (DFS) as at 310October 2016 and responded on
30 November 2016 with an action plan and a management over-
sight plan.

Commerzbank completes sale of international
wealth management activities in Luxembourg

Commerzbank completed the sale of Commerzbank International
S.A., Luxembourg, announced in December 2015, to Julius Baer
on 4 July 2016. Included in the sale are customer portfolios, the
transfer of staff and a corresponding IT platform.


--- Page 7 ---

To our S|

9 Basis of the C
55 Economic report
perfc

and

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

In 2016, the global economy recorded the weakest growth it had
seen since the financial market crisis in 2007/2008. Emerging
markets continued to suffer from the correction of the macroeco-
nomic and financial excesses caused by more than seven years of
cheap funding conditions. This was particularly true for China,
where the economy grew even more slowly in 2016 than in 2015.
In commodity-producing countries, the recovery of commodity
prices offered some relief.

In industrialised countries, economic growth decelerated mark-
edly in 2016. In the USA growth was a full percentage point lower
than in 2015 at 1.6%. However, this is still a good result in view of
the long-term growth potential of their economy and the fact that
the USA has almost achieved full employment. The unemployment
rate fell back to the level seen before the deep recession of 2007-09.
Increasing competition for labour has caused a stronger pick-up in
wage growth. Against this backdrop, the Federal Reserve decided
in December 2016 to raise the target corridor for key interest rates
by a further 25 basis points to 0.50%-0.75%.

Leaving aside Ireland, which recorded exorbitantly high growth
of 26% in 2015, the economy in the eurozone grew slightly more
rapidly in 2016 than 2015 at 1.7%. The economy was particularly
bolstered by brisk private household and public-sector consump-
tion. On the other hand, export growth declined markedly, due not
only to weaker global demand. The price competitiveness of com-
panies in the eurozone also worsened slightly once more. The ef-
fective external value of the euro has already regained half of its
decline in early 2015. Thanks to solid growth, the situation on the
labour market has continued to improve, with the unemployment
rate falling from 10.5% at the end of 2015 to 9.6% in December
2016. However, this was not sufficient to generate a stronger
increase in wages. In fact, wage inflation in the eurozone has re-
mained weak. Accordingly, there was no change in the low under-
lying inflation in 2016. The core inflation rate, ie. the year-on-year
rate of the consumer price index excluding highly volatile food
and energy prices, remained below 1%.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

rmance

portunities report

The cautious inflation outlook prompted the ECB to cut its de-
posit rate once again and extend the bond purchase programme
which was launched in 2015 until at least the end of 2017. How-
ever, from April onwards its monthly bond purchases will be re-
duced from €80bn to €60bn.

The German economy grew slightly more strongly in 2016
(1.9%) than it did in 2015 (1.7%). In view of the weaker global
demand and the tighter supply of labour, this is a very decent re-
sult. Unemployment at year-end was 6.0%, the lowest level since
German reunification. The economy was mainly bolstered by pri-
vate household and public-sector consumption, but investments.
also increased. Stronger domestic demand more than offset the
weaker increase in exports.

Financial markets were once again dominated in 2016 by the
extremely loose monetary policies pursued by the leading central
banks. Investors continued to be forced into riskier forms of in-
vestment such as equities, corporate bonds and the government
bonds of periphery countries. At the same time, the global depre-
ciation race continued, with many central banks seeking to
weaken their currencies in order to stoke domestic inflation.

Sector environment

Global economic growth remained modest in 2016 despite the
slight acceleration in the second half. Particularly in the first half
of last year, security was paramount on the financial markets in
the face of fears of a sharp decline in growth in China and other
emerging markets. In the middle of 2016, the markets were domi-
nated by the United Kingdom’s referendum decision to leave the
EU, and growing uncertainty about the effectiveness of the very
expansive monetary policy led to repeated nervousness in the
financial market environment. The outcome of the US presidential
election, which took many observers by surprise, then affected the
financial markets. The subsequent increase in yields reflected
greater expectations of higher inflation and a more expansive fis-
cal policy in the USA. In spite of the outcome of the Italian consti-
tutional referendum, the leading stock markets still experienced an
agreeable end to a turbulent year thanks to the expansion of the
European Central Bank’s bond purchasing programme and the
rise in the price of European bank stocks.

55

Group Management Report


--- Page 8 ---

Group Management Report

56

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

However, the risks to the global economy have not diminished.
Deleveraging by governments, companies and private households
has not yet been completed and continues to weigh on the profit-
ability of banks throughout the eurozone. In eurozone bond mar-
kets, expansionary monetary policy has to some extent served only
to paper over the tensions; and in sub-markets, the banks’ with-
drawal — due to the regulatory framework — is causing anomalies
in prices. The Eurosystem’s expanded asset purchase programme
is improving banks’ liquidity position and financing conditions, but
at the same time it is putting pressure on net interest margins and
thus having a significant adverse impact on earnings.

While the banks’ efforts to reduce solvency and liquidity risks
were recognised, there were persistent fears about a sustained
weakening of the profitability of the banking system in the euro-
zone and the ability of banks to generate profitable returns on in-
terest-rate-based business.

It has become clear over recent years that political surprises
have a significant impact on the performance of the global econ-
omy and financial markets, even if they are not reflected in the
financial markets or the economy in the short term to the extent
that was previously expected. In contrast to risks, uncertainties are
much more difficult to predict and can affect the banking business
to a particularly high degree if private economic operators reduce
their demand for financial services due to uncertainty. For exam-
ple, global investment expenditure has recently grown much more
slowly than before due to widespread uncertainties over growth.
Last but not least, the importance of cyber-security was demon-
strated once more in the year under review. The protection of data
networks and appropriate staff training are an ongoing process
which the banking sector must take very seriously, despite its al-
ready strong understanding of IT security.

Earnings performance, assets and
financial position

Commerzbank faced a market environment for banks that re-
mained difficult in 2016. Business performance was affected by
persistently low interest rates, volatile capital markets and marked
caution among our customers.

The Commerzbank Group's operating profit for 2016 came to
€1,399m, a fall of 28% year-on-year. Consolidated profit attribut-
able to Commerzbank shareholders for the period under review
came to €279m.

Total assets as at 31 December 2016 were €480.5bn, 9.8%
below the figure for year-end 2015. The reduction in assets is re-
flected both in claims on banks and in trading assets and financial
investments.

The decline in risk-weighted assets to €190.5bn was mainly
due to a reduction in risk assets from credit risk due to active port-
folio management with increasing focus in the business, boosted
by the relief effects from a securitisation. These effects were partly
offset by rises in risk-weighted assets in the areas of market risk
and operational risk.

The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio under full application of
Basel 3 rose to 12.3% at end-December 2016.

Income statement of the
Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2016:

Net interest and trading income fell by a total of 13.2% year-
on-year to €5.397m. Net interest income for the reporting period
declined by €650m year-on-year to €5,077m, while net trading
income and net income from hedge accounting was down €174m
to €320m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
the decline in net interest income reflected the impact of low and
negative interest rates, which led to significantly lower income
from the domestic deposit business. This was only partially offset
by further growth in portfolio volume in lending business and the
positive income trend at mBank. Growth at mBank was attribut-
able both to the increase in business volume and to the continuous
improvement of the interest margin. Corporate Clients posted a
significant fall in net interest and trading income year-on-year.
This was due in particular to the negative interest rate environ-
ment and a considerably lower contribution to earnings from
structured investment products business. The ongoing reduction
of the portfolio transferred from the ACR segment also led as ex-
pected to a fall in net interest income. Net interest and trading in-
come in the ACR segment fell by €146m to €85m. This was linked
primarily to the additional income generated in 2015 from meas-
ures to restructure funding that were not repeated in the period
under review. The continuing reduction in the portfolio also entails
a corresponding reduction in current interest income. Net trading
income for the period included positive measurement effects from
both counterparty risks and the measurement of own liabilities of
€528m, compared with €-17m in the equivalent period last year.



--- Page 9 ---

s Corporate responsibility Management Report

Basis of the Co!
55 Economic report
form:

Net commission income fell by 6.4% year-on-year to €3,212m.
The highly volatile equity markets in the reporting period created
continuing uncertainty among market participants and corre-
sponding caution on the part of clients in the Private and Small-
Business Custome!

segment. By contrast, persistently strong cus-
tomer demand for instalment loans and the adjustment in pricing
policy had a positive impact. In Corporate Clients, there was a sig-

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

nificant year-on-year fall in net commission income. This was due
in particular to a decrease in documentary business against the
backdrop of the strategic focusing in the Financial Institutions di-
vision and the generally weak global economy with its effect on
foreign trade. Income from derivativi

and capital market-related
advisory business also fell.

Table 7
Statement of comprehensive income | €m 2018 2015" Change
Net interest income 5,077 5,727 -650
Loan loss provisions -900 -696 -204
Net commission income 3,212 3,430 -218
Net trading income and net income from hedge accounting 320 494 -174
Net investment income, income from at-equity investments and other
net income 790 144 646
Operating expenses 7,100 7,157 -57
Operating profit/loss 1,399 1,942 -543
Goodwill-Abschreibungen 627 - 627
Restructuring expenses 129 114 15
Pre-tax profit/loss 643 1,828 -1,185
Taxes on income 261 629 -368
Consolidated profit/loss 382 1,199 -817
Consolidated profit/loss attributable to Commerzbank shareholders 279 1,084 -805

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 139 ff).

Net investment income in the year under review was €344m,
compared with €-7m the previous year. The increase of €351m
was chiefly attributable to write-ups of €141m on HETA Asset
Resolution AG and a one-off effect of €123m from the sale of the
stake in Visa Europe Limited.

Current net income from companies accounted for using the
equity method was €150m (previous year: €82m). This included a
positive effect from the remeasurement of the assets of Commerz
Real, reflecting the very good situation in the market for commer-
cial real estate.

Other net income was €296m for the reporting period, com-
pared with €69m a year earlier. The increase of €227m was driven
largely by positive one-off effects from the sale of real estate. The
net income figure for the period under review also includes rever-
sals of provisions in respect of legal and litigation risks.

The net allocation to loan loss provisions rose by 29.3% year-
on-year to €900m. The increase was due primarily to a higher
provisioning requirement in the Asset & Capital Recovery segment,
reflecting the ongoing difficult situation on the shipping markets.

The Corporate Clients segment also recorded a higher net allo-
cation to loan loss provisions due to higher provisioning require-
ments in connection with individual exposures. The need for loan
loss provisions in the Private and Small-Business Customers seg-
ment fell, however, due to good solvency among German house-
holds.

Operating expenses in the reporting period were €7,100m,
down 0.8% year-on-year. Personnel expenses were €3,723m, rep-
resenting a year-on-year fall of 4.5% due in particular to lower
variable remuneration components. By contrast, other operating
expenses, including depreciation on fixed assets and amortisation
of other intangible assets, rose by 3.7% to €3,377m. The increase
was mainly due to higher compulsory contributions including the
newly introduced Polish bank tax of €74m and the European bank
levy of €155m, an increase in consultancy and audit costs and or-
dinary amortisation of intangible assets.

As a result of the developments described above, the Commerz-
bank Group posted an operating profit of €1,399m in the year un-
der review, a fall of 28% year-on-year.

57

Group Management Report


--- Page 10 ---

Group Management Report

58

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

In connection with the downsizing of trading activities as part of
the strategic realignment, goodwill and intangible assets of around
€627m were written off in the period under review. Restructuring
expenses of €129m also impacted on profit in the period under
review. These related mainly to the bundling of product and market
expertise in London and New York and the optimisation of internal
processes.

Pre-tax profit came to €643m, compared with €1,828m the
previous year. Tax expense for the reporting period was €261m,
compared with €629m the previous year.

Profit after tax for 2016 was €382m, compared with €1,199m
in the previous year. Net of non-controlling interests of €103m, the
consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders was
€279m, down from €1,084m in the previous year.

As Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is reporting its results for
the 2016 financial year in accordance with the German Commer-
cial Code (HGB), the plan is to service all profit-sharing certificates
issued by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft for the 2016 financial
year; no dividend will be paid.

The statement of comprehensive income, which includes both
consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the
period, showed a net total of €-301m in 2016. Other compre-
hensive income of €-683m consists of the sum of changes in the
revaluation reserve (€-135m), the cash flow hedge reserve
(€62m), the currency translation reserve (€-143m), the value of
companies accounted for using the equity method (€1m) and
actuarial gains and losses (€-379m), along with the change from
assets held for sale and disposal groups (€-89m).

Operating profit per share came to €1.12, and earnings per
share to €0.22. The comparable figures in the prior-year period
were €1.61 and €0.90 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2016
were €480.5bn. This was a fall of 9.8% or €52.3bn compared
with the adjusted figure as at end-2015. The reduction in assets is
reflected both in claims on banks and customers and in trading
assets and financial investments.

The cash reserve increased by €6.3bn to €34.8bn. This increase
compared with the end of 2015 was due in particular to larger de-
posits with central banks.

Claims on banks were €58.5bn, down €13.3bn year-on-year.
While claims on banks due on demand rose slightly by €0.1bn,
other claims fell by €3.9bn and claims from secured money market
transactions by €10.4bn, due in particular to the reduction of the
bank portfolio in the Financial Institutions division.

Claims on customers were 2.8% below the previous year's
level at €212.8bn. The volume decline was mainly driven by a
€2.6bn fall in secured money market transactions in the form of
reverse repos and cash collaterals and by reductions in non-
strategic business.

As at the reporting date, total lending to customers and banks
stood at €224.1bn, down 2.7% on year-end 2015. While loans to
banks fell by €2.7bn to €19.9bn, customer lending business was
slightly below the year-end 2015 level, down 1.7% to €204.2bn.
The increase in lending volume in the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment was more than offset by a decline in lending
volume in the Corporate Clients segment.

Trading assets at the reporting date were €88.9bn, a fall of
22.6% compared with the end-2015 level. Holdings of equities,
other equity-related securities and investment fund units fell by
€5.9bn, while positive fair values of financial derivatives, in par-
ticular interest-rate-related derivative transactions, fell by €14.5bn
compared with year-end 2015.


--- Page 11 ---

s Corporate

55 Economic report
formar

Segment f

Financial investments decreased compared with year-end 2015,
down 14.4% to €70.2bn. Bonds, notes and other interest-rate-
related securities were down by €11.7bn to €69.1bn, while equi-

Management Report

dort Financial Statements urther Information

ties and other equity-related securities and participations were
unchanged at €0.9bn.

Table 8
Assets | €m 31.12.2015" Change
in %
Claims on banks 58,529 71,805 -18.5
Claims on customers 212,848 218,875 -2.8
Trading assets 88,862 114,824 -22.6
Financial investments 70,180 81,939 -14.4
Other assets 50,031 45,258 10.5
Total 480,450 532,701 -9.8
| 31.12.2015:
Liabilities to banks 66,948 83,154
Liabilities to customers 250,920 261,179
Securitised liabilities 38,494 40,605
Trading liabilities 71,644 86,454
Other liabilities 22,804 31,184
Equity 29,640 30,125
Total 480,450 532,701

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 139 ff).

On the liabi ‘s to banks fell sharply by €16.2bn to
€66.9bn, largely in connection with the reduction in sight deposits

ies side, liabil

at banks, short-term financing from central banks and a decline in
money market transactions. The decrease in volume related exclu-
sively to foreign bank liabilities.

Liabilities to customers fell by 3.9% to €250.9bn compared
with year-end 2015. This was due to lower volumes of time depos-

its and liabilities from money market transactions, partly compen-
sated by a rise in sight deposits among both corporate and private
customers.

Securitised liabilities were €38.5bn, €2.1bn lower than at year-
end 2015. While bonds and notes issued fell by €2.7bn to €32.9bn.
— owing in particular to repurchases and maturities of public-
sector Pfandbriefe — money market instruments issued rose by
€0.6bn to €5.6bn.

Trading liabilities decreased in volume by €14.8bn overall to
€71.6bn. This was mainly due to the decline in interest-rate-

related derivatives transactions and short sales of bonds and equi-
ties, partly offset by a rise in currency-related derivatives trans-
actions.

Off-balance-sheet liab'

rose overall year-on-year, with con-
tingent liabilities down 5.8% year-on-year at €35.0bn and irrevo-
cable lending commitments up €5.8bn to €78.2bn.

Capital and reserves

The equity capital (before non-controlling interests) reported in
the balance sheet as at 31 December 2016 was €28.6bn, €1.7%
below the figure for year-end 2015. The slight decrease was due to
lower retained earnings, which were down €0.3bn to €11.2bn. As at
the reporting date, the revaluation reserve stood at €-0.8bn. This
was a deterioration of €-0.2bn compared with the previous year,
attributable in particular to higher risk premiums on Italian gov-
ernment bonds. Together with the negative cash flow hedge
reserves and currency translation reserves, this amounted to a de-
duction of €-1.0bn from equity compared with €-0.8bn at year-
end 2015.

Risk-weighted assets were €190.5bn as at 31 December 2016,
€7.7bn below the year-end 2015 level. The decline was mainly due
to a reduction in risk assets from credit risk due to active portfolio
management with increasing focus in the business, boosted by the
relief effects from a securitisation. These effects were partly offset
by rises in risk-weighted assets in the areas of market risk and
operational risk.

Group Management Report


--- Page 12 ---

Group Management Report

60

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Regulatory Tier 1 capital fell by around €0.8bn to €26.5bn
compared with year-end 2015, chiefly as a result of the next stage
in the Basel 3 phase-in. The Tier 1 ratio rose slightly to 13.9%.
Common Equity Tier 1 capital was €26.5bn. Under Basel 3 phase-
in rules, this is identical to Tier 1 capital. The total capital ratio
was 16.9% on the reporting date. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
(on a fully phased-in basis, i.e. on the basis of fully implemented
regulations according to our interpretation) reached 12.3% as at
the reporting date. The leverage ratio based on the CRD IV/CRR.
rules applicable on that date (delegated act), which compares Tier 1
capital with leverage exposure, was 5.4% (phase-in) or 4.8%
(fully phased-in).

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This in-
formation include the consolidated profit attributable to Commerz-
bank shareholders for regulatory purposes.

Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the respon-
sibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major Group
locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in all
subsidiaries. Liquidity management comprises both operational

Figure 3

and strategic components. Operational liquidity management en-
compasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,
planning for payment flows expected in the short term and man-
agement of access to central banks. The division is also responsi-
ble for access to unsecured and secured sources of funding in the
money and capital markets and the management of the liquidity
reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management involves manag-
ing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets and liabilities
within specified limits and corridors. Additional information on
this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk” section of the
Group Management Report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from
the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group’s
funding is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups,
regions, products and currencies. Top-level decisions about liquid-
ity management are taken by the central Asset Liability Committee
(ALCO), which meets at regular intervals. The quantification and
limitation of liquidity risks is carried out via an internal model in
which expected cash inflows are compared against expected cash
outflows. The limits set are monitored by the independent risk
function. ALCO and the Board of Managing Directors receive regu-
lar reports on the liquidity risk situation.

Capital market funding structure’
As at 31 December 2016

Promissory notes 15% ——g""

Subordinated debt 15%

Unsecured bonds 21%

Covered bonds 49%

about €73bn

” Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had unrestricted access to the money and capital
markets throughout the reporting period, and its liquidity and sol-
vency were also adequate at all times. It was always able to raise
the resources required for a balanced funding mix and continued to
enjoy a comfortable liquidity position in the period under review.

The Commerzbank Group raised a total of €7.4bn in long-term
funding on the capital market in 2016.

An unsecured benchmark subordinated bond with a volume of
€1bn was issued in the first quarter. The issue has a term of ten
years.


--- Page 13 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate respo

Management Report

49 Basis
55 Economic report
t p

In the third quarter, a seven-year senior unsecured benchmark
bond was also issued. In addition, €1.5bn was raised through pri-
vate placements, including a US$400m subordinated bond with a
12-year term. The Polish subsidiary mBank also issued a senior
unsecured bond with a benchmark volume of €500m and a term of
four years.

In the collateralised area, around €3.4bn was raised. Over the
course of the year, four benchmark bonds were placed on the capi-
tal market, of which two were increased in the third quarter. Mid-
year, a ten-year mortgage Pfandbrief was issued with a total vol-

Figure 4

of the Commerzban!

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

ume of €1bn. It was followed by an eight-year mortgage Pfandbrief,
also with a volume of €1bn, and a mortgage Pfandbrief with a vol-
ume of €750m and a term of just over ten years. A further mort-
gage Pfandbrief with a volume of €500m and a term of just over six
years was issued in November. The Pfandbriefe were placed mainly
in Germany, although foreign investors also showed very strong
interest in the mortgage Pfandbriefe. In addition, the Polish mort-
gage banking subsidiary of mBank issued covered bonds under
Polish law with a volume of €0.1bn.
The average term of all issues was around eight years.

Group capital market funding of 2016
Volume €7.4bn,

Benchmark issues
€2.5bn

Private placements,
€1.5bn

Secured bonds

€3.4bn

Benchmark issues
€3.3bn

Private placements,
€0.1bn

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of €80bn.
in the form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve portfolio
consists of highly liquid assets and functions as a buffer in stress.
situations. This liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line with li-
quidity risk appetite in order to ensure that it is kept at the required
size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of
Managing Directors. A part of this liquidity reserve, in the amount
of €23.8bn, is held in a separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio
managed by Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress
event occur and to ensure solvency at all times. In addition, the
Bank operates an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio in the amount
of €8.4bn as at the reporting date.

The regulatory liquidity requirements of the German Liquidity
Regulation were met at all times in the reporting period. As at the
reporting date, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s key liquidity
ratio calculated using the German Liquidity Regulation’s standard
approach was 1.52, again significantly higher than the minimum
regulatory requirement of 1.00. Commerzbank’s liquidity situation
therefore remains comfortable given its conservative and forward-
looking funding strategy. The Bank is not currently drawing on cen-
tral bank liquidity facilities.

Summary of 2016 business position

In 2016 Commerzbank once again found itself in a difficult envi-
ronment for banks, with continued low or negative interest rates.
In addition, regulatory requirements for banks are continuing to
weigh significantly on earnings. In this challenging environment
we demonstrated last year the increased resilience of the Commerz-
bank business model and by growing customers, gaining market
share and continuing to run down riskier non-core portfolios we
laid the foundations for achieving sustainably higher profitability
in the years to come.

Our operating profit for 2016 contains various positive effects
including from our Heta exposure and sales from our real estate
portfolio. Overall, however, the operating business performed sol-
idly in 2016. The earnings performance forecast for the most prof-
itable segment, Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC),
was largely in line with our expectations. From the Group perspec-
tive, it was not possible to entirely separate the performance of
operating income from the negative impact of the interest rate en-
vironment and customer caution in areas such as securities busi-
ness and corporate financing, while another downturn in the ship-
ping markets made it necessary to recognise more impairments.

61

Group Management Report


--- Page 14 ---

Group Management Report

62

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Goodwill of around €627m was written down in the third quarter
of 2016 in connection with the focusing on the core business as part
of the strategic realignment. The objectives of a slight improvement
in the consolidated surplus and a largely stable return on equity
were therefore not achieved. Accordingly, the return on equity
based on consolidated profit fell from 3.9% in 2015 to 1.0%.

The PSBC segment, which also includes contributions to earn-
ings from the Polish subsidiary mBank and smaller companies
with turnover of between €2.5m and €15m from the former Mit-
telstandsbank segment, performed successfully in financial year
2016. The targets set for the German private customer business in
terms of customer growth, assets under custody (total credit, de-
posit and custody account volumes) and customer satisfaction
were achieved or exceeded, contributing to the forecast slight in-
crease in operating profit and — thanks to lower capital commit-
ments — the marked improvement in operating return on equity.
mBank also performed better than expected thanks to an improved
interest rate margin, so the negative impact of the introduction of
the bank levy in Poland was largely made up. The segment bene-
fited from one-off effects in both Germany and Poland, including
gains on disposal of the stake in Visa Europe Limited. The
cost/income ratio in the PSBC segment remained largely stable
due to the above-mentioned Polish bank levy.

During the period under review, activities in the Corporate Clients
(CC) segment suffered from the low interest rate environment and
declining customer activity in many areas; hence, contrary to ex-
pectations of a stable performance, it was unable to match the pre-
vious year’s level of operating income. For example, despite the
continuing good market position, the unusually high volatility on
the equity markets had a dampening effect on investor demand in
the Equity Markets & Commodities area, leading to a fall in trading
volumes. Structured products business for institutional customers
also suffered a significant drop in income due to the challenging
situation on the capital markets. The marked slowdown in inter-
national trade flows in recent years led to a decline in commission-
bearing documentary business. Commerzbank’s strategic decision
to implement a stronger focus in the Financial Institutions division
also had a negative impact on income. The prompt reduction of the
portfolio transferred from the Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) seg-
ment at the beginning of 2016 brought about a drop in interest
income, but this helped ensure ongoing high credit quality in the
CC segment in line with the strategy. On the cost side, factors such
as the strengthening of the compliance function led to a slight rise

in operating expenses. Overall, the above factors resulted in a low
operating return on equity and a higher cost/income ratio. Here too
we had assumed stable ratios.

With global trade remaining weak and new capacity continuing to
surge onto the market, charter rates for containers and bulkers in par-
ticular fell once again from a level that was already not high enough to
cover many ship owners’ costs. As a result, the forecast of a decrease
in loan loss provisions in the ACR segment and thus of significantly
smaller operating losses was not achieved. The considerable in-
crease in impairments not only covered additions to the black
book, however, but also allowed the cover ratio for problem loans
in ship financing to be maintained at the high level of 64% re-
corded in the previous year.

At Group level, significant income from financial investments
and equity holdings and other net operating income, some of
which was one-off in nature, was not sufficient to offset the pres-
sure on income from interest rate-based and commission-bearing
income. In this challenging market environment, total income be-
fore loan loss provisions fell by 4% to €9.4bn. Operating profit
was down by €0.5bn to €1.4bn. The performance of the shipping
markets led to higher-than-expected loan loss provisions in the
ACR run-off segment and thus for the Group as a whole. A re-
newed cost-cutting and efficiency drive allowed Commerzbank to
exceed its forecast and not only offset the expenses for bank levies
and ongoing high regulatory charges, which doubled to almost
€230m, but in fact reduce operating expenses by just under
€0.1bn to €7.1bn.

The goodwill write-down of €0.6bn carried out in connection
with the strategic realignment was another reason why the fore-
cast in the Annual Report 2015 of a slight increase in the consoli-
dated surplus for financial year 2016 was not met. Consolidated
earnings attributable to shareholders were €279m (previous year:
€1,084m). Operating return on equity, which does not take good-
will write-downs into account, was down on the year-earlier fig-
ure of 6.7% at 4.7%, while the cost/income ratio increased
somewhat more strongly than expected, rising two percentage
points to 75.5%.

Commerzbank further strengthened its comfortable equity posi-
tion in 2016. While Common Equity Tier 1 capital under full appli-
cation of Basel 3 rules remained almost unchanged at €23.4bn,
the fall of just under 4% in risk-weighted assets pushed the Com-
mon Equity Tier 1 ratio up from 12.0% to 12.3% as at the end of
December 2016 (under full application of Basel 3).


--- Page 15 ---

s Corporate

esponsibility

63 Segment performance
63 Private and Small-Business Customers

Management Report

ort

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

Segment performance

Private and Small-Business
Customers
The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment encom-

passes branch business in Germany, comdirect Group, Commerz
Real and the mBank Group. Small-Business Customers combines

business customers and smaller Mittelstand customers with an an-
nual turnover of up to €15m served by the branch bank in Germany.
The segment continued to grow during the year under review, and
with over 12 million customers in Germany and more than five mil-
lion customers in Central and Eastern Europe it is one of the leading
banks in these markets.

Performance
Table 9
€m 20151 Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 4,819 4,845 -0.5
Loan loss provisions -119 -167 -28.7
Operating expenses 3,621 3,627 -0.2
Operating profit/loss 1,079 1,051 27
Capital employed 4,125 4,760 -13.3
Operating return on equity (%) 26.2 22.1 4l
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 75.1 74.9 0.3

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 139 ff).

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment achieved a
pleasing operating profit in 2016. In Germany, adverse factors
resulting from the low interest rate environment and lower in-
come due to customer caution in the securities business were
offset by persistently dynamic credit growth, the ongoing solid
trend in new customers and non-recurring income effects.
mBank’s contribution to earnings remained basically stable com-
pared with the previous year, but was impacted by an additional
charge from the Polish bank tax. Consequently, operating profit
se by €28m to €1,079m.

At €4,819m in the year under review, income before loan loss

provisions almost matched the high level of the previous year
(€4,845m). The decline of €105m
€2,479m reflects the adverse impact of low and negative interest

in net interest income to

rates, which led to significantly lower income from the domestic
deposit business. This was only partially offset by further growth
in portfolio volume in lending busin
trend at mBank.

and the positive income

Growth at mBank is attributable both to the increase in busi-
ness volume and to the continuous improvement of the interest
margin. Net commission income fell by €64m year-on-year to
€1,956m. Over the year as a whole, significantly higher commis-
sion income from real estate business at Commerz Real was offset
by lower commission income from the domestic securities busi-
ness due to lower customer activity. The share of volume-related
income from mandate business and premium custody accounts
was further increased and will continue to have a stabilising effect
on net commission income due to its lower exposure to market
volatility. Net commission income at mBank was basically stable.
Net investment income of €140m (previous year: €65m) was
favourably impacted by one-off income from the sale of the stake
in Visa Europe Limited in the amount of €123m, shared across
Commerzbank and its subsidiaries comdirect and mBank. How-
ever, mBank had also recorded a positive one-off effect of €46m in
the previous year from the sale of the insurance business to the
AXA Group.

63

Group Management Report


--- Page 16 ---

Group Management Report

64

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The increased income of €131m from companies accounted for
using the equity method included a positive effect from the re-
measurement of the assets of Commerz Real, reflecting the very
good situation in the market for commercial real estate.

Loan loss provisions fell once again by €48m to €119m, testify-
ing to the high quality of the loan portfolio. Valuation allowances
were largely recognised by mBank, whose loan loss provisions
were down €15m year-on-year at €83m. Net loan loss provisions
of just €36m were booked in Germany, a historically very low figure.

Operating expenses remained virtually unchanged at €3,621m
due to the continued strict cost management of personnel ex-
penses and other operating expenses. The increase in operating
expenses at mBank was largely attributable to the Polish bank tax
of €74m introduced in 2016. With regard to the European bank
levy, the expense in the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment rose from €15m to €20m.

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted pre-tax profit of €1,079m in the 2016 financial year, which
represents an increase of 2.7% year-on-year.

Main developments in 2016

In the 2016 financial year, the Private and Small-Business Cus-
tomers segment remained on course for growth and built on the
successes of the previous year, consistently continuing the digi-
ion of products and processes. Key objectives for 2016,
which were set as part of the private customer strategy, were fully
achieved by October. Within four years, we have managed to con-
vince one million new customers to join Commerzbank. In the year

talisa

under review alone, customer numbers in Germany rose by
around 320,000, an increase of 12.3%. The business performance
at mBank was also more than satisfactory in 2016: all
ures envisaged for implementation by 2016 under the “One Bank”
strategy were achieved and the number of customers increased by
8.1% (around 400,000) year-on-year to 5.4 million.

The comdirect Group, Commerz Real and the mBank Group all
contributed significantly to positive earnings performance in the
segment with their income growth.

the meas-

Private Clients and Small-Business Customers

The branch bank in Germany offers the range of services of a full-
service bank to private, small-business and wealth management
customers at around 1,000 locations and via digital channels. The
new Small-Business Customers segment includes both previously
managed business customers as well as Mittelstand customers pre-
viously managed by the former Mittelstandsbank segment, with an
annual turnover of between €2.5m and €15m.

Driving ahead with the strategic focus

As part of the continued strategic focus, the international wealth
management activities of the Luxembourg subsidiary were sold in
the year under review. Business with Commerzbank’s international
wealth management customers is being continued from the
branch bank in Germany.

High quality and profitable growth

In the past financial year the branch bank has once again made
good progress with its core objectives of quality and growth and
has been able to stimulate a sustained improvement in profitabil-
ity. The “Performance Plus” programme was continued and impor-
tant measures for profitable growth were initiated. Prices and fees
were brought into line with the market and costs remained stable
despite investments in digitalisation, marketing and the branch
network. The “Quality First!” initiative has been used to imple-
ment new regulatory requirements in our business processes for
our customers.

Customer satisfaction remained at a constantly high level
throughout the whole year. This is according to the net promoter
score (NPS), which measures customers’ willingness to recom-
mend the Bank. The quality of the advice provided by Commerz-
bank was once again recognised externally: for the fourth time
running, Commerzbank won the nationwide City Contest run by
Focus Money in the private customers section of the test, and for
the second time in the business customers category launched two
years ago.

In 2016 everything pointed once again to growth: in customers,
accounts and assets. In addition to traditional advertising cam-
paigns, new marketing methods were also pursued: since December
2015, individual offers have been created in online banking, defin-
ing the best offer for a customer using advanced analytics. As a
result, product sales to online banking customers who have con-
sented to their data being used were increased by 10% compared
with a comparator group. By systematically approaching pros-
pects, over 50,000 customers were acquired during the year under
review. Partnership banking has also developed promisingly. New
cooperations with partners such as Rewe, Amazon and Tchibo
provide access to numerous potential new customers.

In the lending business, the strong trend continued in 2016.
Sales of instalment loans were extremely positive: the volume of
new business was up by about 31% year-on-year to €2.3bn. A
year-on-year increase of 15% was achieved in individual loans,
with a volume of around €3.2bn. With new business volume of just
under €11.9bn in mortgage lending, we almost equalled the excel-
lent new business figure of €12.2bn achieved in 2015, and with
higher profitability compared to the previous year.

In pension business, the volume of new insurance products
business was increased by 13% to €2.3bn. This result was mainly
due to pension and term life insurance. In home loan savings, new
business volume of €2.4bn was generated, which corresponds


--- Page 17 ---

To our Sharehi Corporate responsibility

Management Report

sis of the

urther Information

63 Segment performance
63 Private and Small-Business Customers

roughly to the previous year’s level. In the current low interest rate
environment, home loan savings remain attractive to hedge inter-
est rates and for modernisation requirements.

The continued low interest rate phase and a volatile year on the
stock market in 2016 presented investors with a challenge once
again. The total volume of securities business including wealth
management amounted to €98.6bn. Customers of Commerzbank
can choose from a variety of custody account models for their
securities investments. At the end of the year under review,
€17.4bn was invested in premium custody accounts, which is
43% more than in the previous year. This significant increase
serves to highlight the continued trend towards flat-rate models.
Good volume growth was also recorded in mandate business. In
wealth management products, an increase of around 4% was
recorded on a portfolio volume of €21.3bn. Wealth management
recorded growth of around 6%, to a total of €11.5bn portfolio vol-
ume. As a result, portfolio income from securities rose once again,
accounting for around 77% of total income in the securities busi-
ness in 2016 (2015: 69%). In response to increased demand for
ethically irreproachable and environmentally sound financial in-
vestments, Commerzbank started to offer a sustainable asset man-
agement service for private individuals in 2016. The offer is avail-
able to customers who wish to invest amounts of €500,000 or

more.

Expansion of digitally networked multi-channel bank

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the future is
both digital and personal. As an important strategic milestone on the
road to a multi-channel bank, the “ONE” sales application was in-
troduced in October. For the first time, customer advisors in the
branch offices and online banking customers can access the same
platform. This means Commerzbank has a single user interface for
employees and customers. Our IT infrastructure will therefore be-
come more efficient in future, as any changes will need to be made
on just one platform.

The banking app, which has been downloaded over 1.4 million
times since launch, also sets new standards. This app allows the
user to preview balances and transactions for up to five accounts
and cards. Transfers can be carried out quickly and conveniently:
authorisation can be given using the photoTAN app without requir-
ing a second device. There was another digital development in
April: our free current account can now be opened online with no.
paperwork in just a few minutes, including the identification pro-
cess. In addition, with the account switching app, we offer our
customers the convenient and simple option of switching from one
bank to another in just 10 minutes.

Particularly for entrepreneurs, it is essential to be able to settle
financial matters quickly and easily with their bank and take ad-
vantage of the possibilities afforded by digitalisation. For this rea-
son, we are continually expanding our range of digital products
and services for entrepreneurs. In the year under review, for ex-

ample, we added a development funds finder to our digital range
of advisory services. With just a few clicks, our customers can
check whether they can apply for development loans from KfW or
the state development institutions for their project. In the summer
of 2016 the digital funding marketplace “Main Funders” was
launched, opening up new opportunities for small and medium-
sized business customers of Commerzbank to obtain direct, rapid
financing and investment opportunities. From the middle of the
year under review, customers have been able to obtain support
with electronic payment transaction solutions via the multi-
channel manager function. We also offer online dialogue for busi-
ness customers. This allows all our customers to get advice on
products, services and all banking-related questions via text, audio
and video chat.

Even in times of digital change, the branches remain an essen-
tial part of multi-channel banking. Commerzbank continues to rely
on its dense network of branches at around 1,000 locations, which
receive around 450,000 customer visits a day. In June 2016, the
distribution structure which was implemented in 2015 was finally
put into practice, with five market regions and 65 branches na-
tionwide, and in particular business with profitable customer
groups was strengthened. Our geographic presence was more
than doubled, offering wealth management advisory services for
wealthy customers in around 100 locations. We offer advisory ser-
vices tailored to the needs of our business customers in around
330 locations.

Flagship branches in larger cities will operate as centres of
competence and will thus be the main showcase for Commerzbank
in future. After the success of the pilot projects in Berlin and
Stuttgart, the final concept was rolled out in the year under review
with the opening of three new flagship branches in Bochum, Bre-
men and Hanover. The first new city branch opened in Frankfurt’s
East End in December. Commerzbank is testing this cost-effective
and efficient branch model, where customers can obtain the ser-
vices they need quickly and locally.

In order to make products and processes easier, faster and
more digital, the subsidiary “Neugelb Studios” was founded - a
service design agency intended to provide new impetus on the
way to a multi-channel bank.

comdirect Group

The comdirect Group (comdirect bank AG and ebase GmbH) is the
German market leader in online securities business with 1.9 mil-

lion securities accounts, customer assets under custody of well
over €75bn and 24.8 million securities transactions executed in
the past year. In addition, comdirect bank AG is one of the leading
direct banks in Germany.

In the year under review, the comdirect Group grew again de-
spite the difficult interest rate and trading environment and was

65

Group Management Report


--- Page 18 ---

Group Management Report

66

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

able to increase the number of customers and custody accounts in
both direct banking and business with institutional partners
(ebase). Due to net inflows of funds, the portfolio volume in Invest-
ing in both areas was significantly higher than in the previous
year. In addition, the higher number of current accounts led to an
increase in deposit volume. In securities trading, the high volume
of orders executed in the previous year was further increased de-
spite a slight fall in market volatility.

comdirect bank AG is designed to operate as a smart financial
advisor to inspire new customers to invest, save and trade in secu-
rities. This development was driven ahead in 2016 by new intelli-
gent solutions such as the comdirect trading app, the Multibank-
ing service, the updated smartPay app and the MoBox app for
young people. In addition, the instalment loan product launched in
the year under review complements the portfolio in the direct
banking business. Innovations are also expected to reach the mar-
ket quickly in the future, thanks to interdisciplinary innovation
teams, intensive collaboration with fintech companies and the en-
trepreneurs-in-residence programme launched in 2016.

In December, comdirect bank AG acquired OnVista AG with
OnVista Bank GmbH, an online broker with around 90,000 cus-
tomers with an interest in trading, and OnVista Media GmbH,
which has established www.onvista.de as one of Germany's lead-
ing financial portals. This acquisition is still subject to approval by
the banking supervisory and competition authorities and is ex-
pected to be completed in the first half of 2017.

Commerz Real

Commerz Real can look back on the most successful year of its
history, with new business volumes and the overall result

ising
again year-on-year. As asset manager for physical assets in the
Commerzbank network, the company combines more than 40
years of experience in asset and investment management with ex-
tensive structuring expertise and a unique portfolio of investment
products and individual financing solutions.

The product portfolio includes hausInvest, which was created
in 1972 and is one of the most successful open-end real estate
funds, as well as institutional investment vehicles and equity in-
vestments under the CFB-Fonds and CFB Invest brands.

The portfolio ranges from commercial real estate of various
types through solar parks, wind farms and aircraft to infrastructure
and production facilities.

In addition, as a leasing company for the Commerzbank Group,
Commerz Real offers need-based real estate and equipment leas-
ing concepts as well as asset structuring. At the end of the period
under review, assets under management amounted to around
€32bn.

hausInvest surpassed the €11bn mark, and by the end of 2016
it had a volume of around €11.8bn, or about €1.5bn more than
2015. With a current market share of just over 13%, it is the sec-
ond largest open-end retail real estate fund in Germany. 94 prop-
erties in 18 countries and 55 cities with a market value of around
€9.5bn generated a return of 2.2% by the end of 2016. Aided by
the persistently high demand for real estate, the fund management
team has further optimised the portfolio.

Commerz Real is also an established partner for institutional
investors. Many years of experience in structuring and managing
investments in physical assets, together with licences for German
and Luxembourg investment vehicles, allow it to offer tailored in-
vestment solutions. Institutional capital totalling around €56m was.
acquired in the period under review. Under the Commerz Real
Institutional brand there are currently four special AIF (alternative
investment fund) vehicles in distribution.

In 2016, Commerz Real Asset Structuring GmbH (CRAS) fo-
cused on structuring individual financing solutions, developing
long-term financing structures for real estate, big-ticket items,
current assets and infrastructure projects, and its involvement as a
minority shareholder in customers with large real estate portfolios.
New transactions amounted to around €74m in total — an increase
of almost 50% compared to 2015.

The focus of the activities of Commerz Real Mobilienleasing
GmbH (CRM) in the year under review was once again on leasing
machinery and equipment, sale and leaseback solutions and hire
purchase models. Like CRAS, CRM works closely with the Corpo-
rate Clients segment. New transactions amounted to around
€0.8bn.

mBank Group

The Group division comprises activities in universal banking and
direct banking business in Central and Eastern Europe and is rep-
resented by the mBank brand, under which it serves customers in
retail, corporate and investment banking in Poland, and in retail
banking in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. mBank is one of the
largest financial institutions in Poland.


--- Page 19 ---

To our S|

Corporate responsibi

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Stater

urther Information

3. Segment performance
63 Private and Small-Business Customers

Growth in mobile and transaction banking

mBank Group performed extraordinarily well in 2016, reflecting
stable growth in its customer base, business model and customer
service technology.

The “One-Bank strategy” for the period from 2012 to 2016 was
fully implemented, with almost all targets being met. Overall,
mBank gained around 400,000 new private customers in the year
under review, boosting total customer numbers to 5.4 million by
the end of 2016. This was due first and foremost to acquisition ac-
tivities, which focused in particular on marketing measures and the
development of the product mix, enabling mBank to simplify its
offering for private customers and implement effective cross-
selling. The customer base in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
grew by around 73,000 year-on-year to reach around 893,000 cus-
tomers by the end of the year under review.

The volume of private customer deposits — especially in cur-
rent accounts — increased significantly by 15.5% year-on-year.
This proves the worth of mBank’s business model, which focuses
on banking transactions. mBank also recorded further growth in
card transactions in 2016, with the number increasing by 27%
year-on-year.

mBank continued to develop and optimise its lending business
in 2016, particularly in the consumer credit sector, which posted
an increase of more than 20% in new business volume compared
to the previous year. mBank also grew its business strongly in the
Czech Republic and Slovakia. The main contributors to this were
lending business and private customer deposits. In the year under
review, mBank’s foreign branches concentrated on stepping up
their acquisition efforts and continuously expanding their leading
position in mobile banking.

In addition, the Group's corporate client business reported a
positive performance, with the customer base increasing by
around 1,400 customers in 2016 to a total of almost 21,000. The
volume of corporate customer deposits increased slightly by 1.8%
in 2016. mBank focused on the small and medium-sized corporate
customer segment, in which the Bank aims to strengthen its posi-
tion through the targeted expansion of its offering. mBank was able
to further expand its leasing business; its retail leasing portfolios
have now shown consistent growth for three years.

mBank was honoured with a series of awards and prizes in

2016 for its innovative business activities. It was ranked first in the

mobile banking category by Newsweek Friendly Bank, with sec-
ond place in the mobile banking category going to the Orange Fi-
nance mobile app developed with partner Orange Polska. Global
Finance named mBank Poland’s best online bank and gave it the
award for best online treasury services.

The British financial magazine Euromoney ranked mBank as Po-
land’s best bank for private customers for the eighth time. mBank
was also selected as the best bank for trade financing in Poland.

Its mobile app won first place in the mobile banking category at
the Mobile Trends Awards (decided by a jury) and first place in the
special prize category (online public vote).

Outlook for Private and Small-Business
Customers

Further acceleration of growth in customers, accounts and assets
and improved profitability are the objectives of activities in the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment during 2017. The
“Commerzbank 4.0” strategy will provide the strategic path to
achieve this. Branch business in Germany will essentially focus on
the further digitalisation of processes, products, services and mar-
keting. The “ONE” platform will be further expanded as a central
sales platform for all channels which supports an individual, tar-
geted customer approach via the branches using advanced ana-
lytics. We want to increase marketing efficiency, so in future we
will be focusing on performance-oriented campaigns, supple-
mented by various measures along the entire customer life cycle,
as well as online sales and new cooperations within partnership
banking. The product offering will be supplemented with innova-
tive, digital products, such as a digital instalment loan in the lend-
ing business. The securities business will also be further digital-
ised and expanded. The premium custody account is a new type of
custody account on the market which enables customers to pur-
chase funds for a flat fee without paying an issue surcharge. In
addition, the branch bank, together with the comdirect Group, is
developing digital asset management as a robo-advice solution
specifically for investors who only want to manage their securities
transactions online. On the whole, however, the product range is
to be streamlined in order to further reduce the Bank’s internal
complexity.

In November, Commerzbank and BNP Paribas agreed to divide
the joint company Commerz Finanz GmbH into two parts. In 2017,
Commerzbank plans to take instalment loan business back on to
its own books as a profitable growth area.

The business model for small-business customers is being fur-
ther developed, and the focus here will also be on the expansion of
our digital offering in addition to the provision of special offers for
certain sectors and entrepreneurs. We will continue to develop our
support and management model to ensure the sustainability of our
branch network as a key part of an efficient multi-channel bank.

Group Management Report


--- Page 20 ---

Group Management Report

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

This also means that we are redesigning our sales structure to
reflect our multi-channel approach. The city branch pilot will be
extended to other branches in Stuttgart and Frankfurt, while addi-
tional flagship branches will be opened in the market regions. We
will further strengthen our compliance culture in order to secure
our position as a fair and responsible partner for our customers by
providing financial services in accordance with the regulations.

At the comdirect Group, we will focus on developing mature
multibanking solutions to attract even more banking customers.
Furthermore, new customers will be encouraged to become active
holders of securities by means of attractive investment offers. The
comdirect Group is supporting its institutional partners in the digi-
talisation of customer acquisition and investment processes and as
a future provider of robo-advice solutions.

In 2017, Commerz Real also intends to build on the operating
success of the prior year and lay the foundations for a permanent
increase in its market presence. The main focus here is the expan-
sion of institutional business and digitalisation. Commerz Real
wants to become the first digital asset manager and integrated
investment services provider. The goal is to automate business
processes wherever possible, as well as to make products and ser-
vices even more flexible, faster and more transparent in order to
help customers achieve their objectives. Consequently, online
business and direct sales will also be expanded.

mBank in Poland is facing a challenging year. The main area of
instability is the uncertainty surrounding mortgage loans issued in
foreign currencies. The Strategy 2020 action areas (empathy for
customers, mobile first and efficiency) will be fleshed out with a
range of initiatives and projects. The objectives are still to con-
tinue to promote customer growth in Poland, the Czech Republic
and Slovakia, to offer the best mobile and transaction banking on
the market and to increase the active users of mobile applications
as the number of customers grows. Internal and customer-related
processes are to be simplified through further digitalisation.


--- Page 21 ---

Management Report

55 E ort

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

63. Segment performance

Corporate Clients

The new Corporate Clients segment combines the expertise of the
former Mittelstandsbank and Corporates & Markets segments. The
ions. The Mittel-
stand, International Corporates and Financial Institutions divisions

new segment is divided into five reporting div

are responsible for business with our core customers: The Mittel-
stand division covers larger Mittelstand customers and domestic
large corporates with turnover in excess of €15m and bundles the
relevant products they require. Business with smaller Mittelstand
companies with turnover of between €2.5m and €15m was trans-
ferred to the Private and Small-Business Customers segment as
part of the new “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy. The International
Corporates division looks after corporate clients headquartered
abroad, large German multinational companies and international

insurance companies. The Financial Institutions division is respon-

69 Corporate Clients

sible for relationships with banks in Germany and abroad and with
central banks. The segment offers customers the complete range
of products of an international full-service bank, from traditional
credit products, individually tailored financing solutions, cash
management and international business, investment and hedging
products, through to customer-oriented investment banking prod-
ucts and customised capital market solutions. The performance of
the Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC) division is reported
separately since it is due to be spun off in the medium term. The
Other Result division handles all business that falls outside the
strategic focus of the Corporate Clients segment. These mainly
relate to assets transferred from the former Non-Core Assets and
Portfolio Restructuring Unit run-off segments and effects from
hedging positions. Measurement effects relating to own liabilities
are also contained in this division.

Performance
Table 10
€m 2015" Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 4,445 4,833 -8.0
Loan loss provisions -185 -108 71.3
Operating expenses 2,973 3,030 -1.9
Operating profit/loss 1,287 1,695 -24.1
Capital employed 11,580 12,401 -6.6
Operating return on equity (%) 11.1 13.7 -2.6
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 66.9 62.7 4.2

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 139 ff).

The Corporate Clients segment faced a number of challenges in
the 2016 financial year such as the ongoing low level of interest
rates, the very volatile capital market environment in the wake of
numerous geopolitical events and the still challenging regulatory
environment. This was also reflected in its earnings performance,
with the segment posting an operating profit of €1,287m in the
year under review after €1,695m in the previous year. The year-
on-year fall was primarily the result of negative market interest
rates, the challenging capital market environment, effects from the
strategic focusing in the former Mittelstandsbank and Corpo-
rates & Markets segments and higher loan loss provisions. The
Mittelstand division benefited from the segment’s solid market
position and stable earnings, although these were adversely af-
fected by the negative interest rate environment.

The International Corporates division recorded stable earnings
from commercial business. As a result of the challenging capital
market environment, however, earnings were unable to match the
high level achieved in the previous year. The Financial Institutions
division recorded a drop in earnings due to the strategic realign-
ment carried out in the year under review to comply with stricter
internal risk and compliance requirements. Contrary to the previ-
ous year, the greater than average volatility in the capital market
environment resulted in significantly lower customer activity and
weaker trading in the EMC division. The high volatility had a par-
ticularly adverse impact on structured products business for insti-
tutional clients. The decision to restructure the securities lending
and collateral management business to reflect the changed market
conditions also led to a lower contribution to earnings compared
with the previous year.

Group Management Report


--- Page 22 ---

Group Management Report

70

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

In the period under review, income before loan loss provisions
fell 8.0% year-on-year to €4,445m. Net interest and trading in-
come was €3,035m, down 10.7% year-on-year. While earnings,
predominantly from Debt Capital Markets, were comparatively
stable, the fall was attributable in particular to the negative inter-
est rate environment, a considerably lower contribution to earn-
ings from structured investment products business and the re-
alignment of the EMC business. The ongoing reduction of the
portfolio transferred from the ACR segment also led as expected to
a fall in net interest income from lending. Net commission income
fell 10.4% year-on-year to €1,279m. This was due to a decrease in
documentary business against the backdrop of the strategic focus-
ing in the Financial Institutions division and the generally weak
global economy with its effect on foreign trade. The decline in in-
come from derivatives- and capital-market-related advisory busi-
ness also played a role.

Loan loss provisions were €-185m in the year under review, an
increase of €77m year-on-year. The provisioning requirement was
mainly in respect of additions for individual exposures.

At €2,973m, operating expenses were 1.9% lower than in the
previous year. Higher investment expenses for IT and compliance
were thus offset by ongoing stringent cost management.

The pre-tax result was €638m, with the fall of 61.1% year-on-
year attributable to a significant degree to goodwill write-downs of
€627m.

Main developments in 2016

The new Corporate Clients segment — agile, efficient and even
more needs-oriented

The organisational merger of the former Mittelstandsbank and
Corporates & Markets segments to form a single area of responsi-
bility as part of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy has laid the foun-
dations for an even more agile and needs-oriented relationship
management model. Our tried-and-tested regional advisory ap-
proach is now supported by comprehensive centralised product,
market and sector expertise. Bundling the strengths of the two
segments creates the basis for responding flexibly and efficiently
to market developments and changing customer requirements in
order to further consolidate our market-leading position in the

corporate customer business.

Digitalisation

The dual approach towards digital transformation was rigorously
pursued in 2016, with traditional personal advice alongside digital
services and offerings. For example, the Corporate Banking portal
now also offers online money market loans, online fixed-term de-
posits in foreign currencies, a development funds finder and a pho-
toTAN function. A pilot version of the online offering also displays
any powers of attorney that have been issued. The mobile version
of the multi bank capable Cash Management app was expanded
with the addition of an approval function for payment orders.

We also support and advise our customers with regard to their
own digitalisation strategy. For example, we have developed and
successfully piloted a digital readiness check for corporate clients.
The online tool allows customers to assess their own digital matur-
ity, including an initial benchmarking against the sector. Based on
the assessment, we support our customers in their digital trans-
formation and offer financing solutions.

We developed an initial prototype of a comprehensive sales ap-
plication for corporate customer advisors to provide digital support
for traditional advisory services. This new platform offers a holistic
view of customers, allowing us to optimise the advice we give them.
The first prototypes of big data concepts were also tested success-
fully. This infrastructure will in future help generate system-based
sales leads for traditional and digital advisory services.

Attractive asset management solutions for our customers in the
low interest rate environment

The current low and negative interest rates present huge chal-
lenges for European banks in particular. It has now become stan-
dard market practice to pass the associated costs on to large cor-
porate clients and institutional investors in the form of a credit
balance fee for sight deposits. So that we can also offer solutions
to our customers rather than simply passing costs on to them, we
advise them on alternatives to sight deposits. Asset management
solutions are currently the most popular choice for our customers:
we attracted around €1bn in assets under management over the
course of 2016.

Leading role in the fast-growing promissory notes market

The promissory notes market achieved the largest volume growth
in its history in 2016, while the internationalisation of this form of
financing, which began around five years ago, is also continuing at
an rapid pace.


--- Page 23 ---

To our S| Corporate respon

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

63. Segment performance
69 Corporate Clients

Commerzbank’s know-how has played a key role in this devel-
opment, and in addition to providing financing in Germany the
Bank has also supported numerous transactions in other European
countries such as France, Belgium, Austria, Ireland and, for the
first time, Spain.

Greater demand for currency hedging in volatile foreign
exchange markets

While the ongoing low interest rate environment meant there was.
little demand for interest rate hedging, the foreign exchange mar-
kets were highly volatile. The main reasons for this were the UK’s
decision to leave the European Union and the outcome of the US
elections. This led to increased use of our eFX platform FX Live
Trader and a corresponding rise in the number of customer transac-
tions. FX Week rated our product expertise in this area within the
top 10 in various areas, including “Best bank for FX in the eurozone
for bank clients” and “Best bank overall for FX globally”.

Trading activities geared more strongly to customer
requirements

As part of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy, the decision was
taken to streamline trading activities and focus more strongly on
the requirements of the Bank’s core customers. In a first step,
Commerzbank is therefore planning to spin off the former Equity
Markets & Commodities division, which over the past few years has
helped the Bank become one of the biggest providers of invest-
ment and financial products and the leading market maker in
Europe and Asia, into a separate legal subsidiary. The medium-
term aim is to place this business, which remains attractive but no
longer has a sufficiently strong connection to our core customer
base, on the market.

We are also withdrawing from the complex and exotic interest
rate and foreign exchange derivatives business and significantly
reducing bond trading in Fixed Income & Currencies. In this regard,
we are to cease trading in emerging market bonds where there is
no connection with our Advisory & Primary Markets business or
with issues we are supporting.

Commodity hedging is still part of the Commerzbank service
offering

Unlike exotic commodity-related financial products, we will con-
tinue to offer hedging of commodity risks. This will ensure that
our corporate clients can continue to benefit from the full range of
capital market-oriented risk management solutions.

Mittelstand

The Mittelstand division caters for larger Mittelstand customers
and domestic large corporates with turnover in excess of €15m
and provides them with the products they require. Following the

optimisation of our sales structure at the beginning of 2015, our
domestic customers benefit from greater responsibility in local
units, shorter consultation paths and thus more efficient services
to support their business activities.

Expansion of our leading position in the financing market
Commerzbank once again underlined its strong commitment to
the Mittelstand in 2016. Our expertise in syndicated loan business
led to an increase in activity, with a substantial number of debut
mandates being implemented successfully. In the year under re-
view we also confirmed our position as one of the leading banks in
Germany and Europe for leveraged buy-outs.

Commerzbank’s business performance was recognised once
again in the 2016 financial year. The Bank’s comprehensive range
of products and services for domestic companies, and in particular
its proven and innovative business model for supporting Ger-
many’s foreign trade, led to Commerzbank being named Best
Commercial Bank Germany by World Finance magazine. We also
received the Leasing Life Europe External Investment Award,
which recognise those who help stimulate the leasing industry.

Innovative ongoing development of the Corporate

Banking portal

The division focused on further expanding the Corporate Banking
portal and hence the digital advisory offering in order to support
our Mittelstand customers. We are adapting our advisory approach
to the digital age, but without losing sight of customer require-
ments. Corporate customer advisors remain the central contact for
our customers.

A development funds finder was also introduced in the year
under review. Commerzbank is thus the first bank in Germany to
enable its customers to check, by entering just a few details,
whether development loans from KfW or the state development
institutions may be available for projects. Corporate customer ad-
visors still advise on and structure the financing, drawing on the
expertise of development funds specialists where necessary. We
were able to convince more customers of the benefits of real-time
foreign exchange trading with Commerzbank’s FX Live Trader
trading platform, with the proportion of currency transactions
traded online rising continuously over the course of the year under
review. Other online functionalities also improve the transparency
and flexibility of our customers’ business activities.

Strong market position in domestic and foreign bond issues

We gained a large share of the bond mandates in the Mittelstand
market segment once again in 2016 and were able to place the
bonds successfully.

We were particularly active not only in the German market but
also across Europe. We also joined an innovative platform that
promotes better communication between banks and investors in
the bond market.

71

Group Management Report


--- Page 24 ---

Group Management Report

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Expansion of international M&A presence

Commerzbank’s existing customer relationships and improved
sector approach led to it acting as an advisor in various acquisition
transactions with an international dimension for German custom-
ers and with a German dimension for international customers.
Overall, we confirmed our position in the year under review as one
of the leading advisors on mergers and acquisitions in the Mittel-
stand segment.

International Corporates

The International Corporates division handles business with cor-
porate clients headquartered abroad, large German multinational
companies and international insurance companies.

Best Performing Bank in 2016

In a volatile and intensely competitive global economy, we once
again assisted and supported numerous export companies with
their delivery transactions in emerging markets. Long-term export
financing guaranteed by government export credit agencies such
as Euler Hermes helped to secure orders despite cautious invest-
ment activity in emerging markets. We have close relationships
with all leading European and international export credit agencies
(ECAs). Commerzbank’s particular expertise in structuring export
financing was recognised in an international study conducted by
Clevis Research, with the Bank receiving the Importers Choice
Award as the Best Performing Bank in 2016 in the area of export
finance. The award is further evidence of our expertise in interna-
tional business and our global locations in more than 50 countries.
Supporting companies in their worldwide markets has been a key
element of Commerzbank’s activities ever since the Bank was first
established. We now offer international companies access to our
know-how and services through a dedicated corporate customer
advisor.

International presence expanded
Commerzbank opened a subsidiary in the Brazilian metropolis of
o Paulo in July 2016 as part of i

internationalisation strategy.

Offering a wide range of banking services, the subsidiary pro-
vides local support for German and European companies and also
assists large, capital-market-oriented firms in Brazil who are look-
ing to expand into Europe. A number of significant transactions
have already been concluded.

Key role in the syndicated loan and bond issue market

2016 was dominated by large-volume acquisition financing.
Commerzbank played a leading role not only in the German and
European markets but also in America and Asia.

In a year characterised by at times high market uncertainty,
our international corporate bonds issuance activity was broadly
based and reflects our successful sector approach, which will be
further expanded going forward. Our regional focus is on issuers
from Germany, the rest of Europe and the UK, supplemented by
issuers from the USA. In addition to an increase in the number of
issuers and greater international diversification, we also recorded
significant growth in liability management business and green
bond financing.

Position maintained in the declining market for

equity transactions

Despite a positive stock market performance, the number of IPOs
worldwide fell sharply in 2016. While Commerzbank was unable to
escape this trend entirely, it did leverage its longstanding advi-
sory, structuring and placement expertise to successfully support
numerous equity transactions: IPOs, capital increases and secon-
dary placings, primarily for German Mittelstand customers and
selected international companies and financial institutions.

Financial Institutions

The Financial Institutions division is responsible for relationships
with banks in Germany and abroad and with central banks. In car-
rying out its activities, Financial Institutions makes use of a global
network of correspondent banks and established links in emerging
markets, thus promoting the Group’s global foreign trade activities
and supporting other segments in their international activities and
strategies. Financial Institutions assists its customers throughout
the world with foreign payment transactions, hedging of foreign
trade risks and funding for foreign trade deals. The Financial Insti-
tutions division also provides its customers with bilateral loans,
supports them in syndicated loans and offers solutions for active
risk management.


--- Page 25 ---

To our S Corporate responsibility

por

t

Fin,

urther Information

63. Segment performance
69 Corporate Clients

New strategic orientation to strengthen existing position and
reduce the complexity of the bank portfolio

Financial Institutions realigned its correspondent banking strategy
in 2016 in view of the changed global market environment and in-
creasingly strict regulatory requirements and significantly reduced
the complexity of its bank portfolio. The division has a worldwide
network of correspondent banks that are hugely important for pri-
vate customers and corporate clients in particular or are relevant
for other areas of Commerzbank. Financial Institutions thus en-
sures that Commerzbank will remain the market
settlement of Germany's foreign trade in the future. As such,

leader for the

Commerzbank will continue to support German and European ex-
port-oriented corporate clients with their international trading
business in the world’s main trade corridors. To promote trade
financing, Financial Institutions has constantly expanded its in-
volvement in trade facilitation programmes in the last few years to
include new target markets, joining the programmes of the Euro-
pean Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Asian Devel-
opment Bank, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Interna-
tional Finance Corporation, the European Investment Bank and the
African Development Bank.

Significant contribution to the digitalisation of international
trade finance business

Alongside the traditional support for our customers’ international
business, Commerzbank now offers new, digitally-based solutions
for financing the international trading activities of corporate cli-
ents and is thus playing its part in strengthening and optimising
corporate clients’ international supply chains. Commerzbank has
taken a leading position in Europe with regard to the launch of the
Bank Payment Obligation and is thus making a significant contri-
bution to the digitalisation of international trade finance business.
The Bank Payment Obligation is a new payment protection in-
strument in trade finance business which for the first time creates
the additional possibil

ity of confirming and thus making finance-
able a payment liability arising under an open invoice between
banks.

Syndicated loan business hit by geopolitical events

In the Financial Institutions division, syndicated loan business is
chiefly relevant for emerging markets. Market activity was consid-
erably more modest in 2016 than in the previous year in certain
markets, such as Africa or Eastern Europe, due to political, eco-
nomic and strategic i

sues. However, Commerzbank nevertheless
performed well even in this highly competitive environment.

Leading position in the Pfandbrief market and in

unsecured bonds

We demonstrated our strong market position in the global Pfand-
brief segment in the year under review, picking up various awards.
For example, Global Capital named our successful Pfandbrief syn-
dicate the Best Covered Bond Syndicate Manager. We became the
leader in the German unsecured bonds market with a market share
of just under 10%.

Equity Markets & Commodities

As part of the new “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy, in the medium
term Commerzbank will spin off the business with investment and
financial products and the associated market-making from the
former Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC) area into a subsidi-
ary. This is to concentrate exclusively on its core business as one
of the leading European and Asian providers and market-makers
for financial products. The next stage in the plan is to float the
new subsidiary on the stock market.

EMC’s performance in the year under review was significantly
affected by various events. Muted investor demand, challenges
associated with managing the risks of investment products, which
arose due to the high level of stock market volatility, and the repo-
sitioning of the Securities Finance unit all had a negative impact
on the division's earnings after several very successful years.

Despite these challenges EMC maintained its strong market
position in 2016. The division actually further increased its market
share thanks to its customer-oriented approach and state-of-the-
art technology coupled with high-quality customer service and the
ongoing development of its range of innovative solutions.

The division reaffirmed its position as one of Europe’s leading
producers and market-makers of financial products. This was
borne out by the various accolades won by the Bank in 2016. In
Certificate Awards, Commerzbank was named best issuer of the
year in Germany by both the jury (Best Issuer 2016) and the public
(Certificate House of the Year). Finanzen Verlag, meanwhile,
named Commerzbank ETF House of the Year for its ComStage ETF
platform. At the Structured Products Awards Europe 2016 we were
named Nordic Region House of the Year for the fourth year in a
row and Iberia House of the Year for the second year in a row. At
the International Alternative Investment Review Awards 2016

Commerzbank was ranked first as Best ETF Market Maker Asia for
the third time in succession.

73

Group Management Report


--- Page 26 ---

Group Management Report

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Finally, Commerzbank was awarded Deal of the Year in the
Structured Retail Products Asia Pacific Awards for its first trans-
action on Commerzbank EPFR Fund Flow Indices, a project devel-
oped jointly with and distributed by the United Overseas Bank in
South East Asia.

Outlook for Corporate Clients

Following its strategic realignment and having clearly defined its
core business, Commerzbank is now well positioned in the classic
banking sector and has a business model that is fit for the future.
In previous years the former Mittelstandsbank and Corpo-
rates & Markets segments, which have now been merged to form
the new Corporate Clients segment, have been rigorously aligned
with the real economy. They are to remain on this path. Based on
the customer-centric advisory approach, over the next few years
the Corporate Clients segment will implement initiatives designed
to leverage earnings potential, increase efficiency and reduce
complexity and to press ahead with the digital transformation.

We will leverage earnings potential by combining the two seg-
ments’ strengths. Building on the new sales structure imple-
mented in 2015 and the resulting improvement in our market posi-
tion, we want to significantly expand our domestic customer base
and increase our share of the core German market by acquiring
and developing a further 10,000 customers by 2020. We want to
maintain and strengthen Commerzbank’s existing position as
Germany’s top debt house and use this as the basis for extending
our leading role to the rest of Europe. In particular, the existing

sector expertise of the former Corporates & Markets segment,
which is currently geared to the needs of large multinational cus-
tomers, will be gradually extended within the new Corporate Cli-
ents segment to encompass other Mittelstand companies in Ger-
many and Western Europe. The vast majority of corporate clients
should in future still be served by local corporate customer advi-
sors in regional and international locations. When formulating so-
lutions, these advisors will be supported by relevant product spe-
cialists and sector teams.

Following on from the realignment of the sales structure in
Germany, further efficiency improvements are planned. These
chiefly involve measures to ease the administrative burden on
sales staff and streamline the IT landscape.

The implementation of the digital transformation will once
again be a top priority in the current year as an enhancement to
personal advisory services from corporate customer advisors. The
online offering is being further expanded through the launch of
new digital investment and financing services. This enables cus-
tomers to view and purchase an increasing number of standard
products online as an alternative or add-on to traditional advisory
services. The Bank plans to develop some initial API (Application
Programming Interface) banking prototypes. This concept will in
future allow market participants to link their system landscape
with Commerzbank and use this as the basis for offering or using
new or integrated services. There will also be ongoing digital sup-
port for sales processes to further improve the accuracy, flexibility
and efficiency of customer meetings. For our customers this
means that they will in future receive even more rapid, flexible and
targeted assistance.


--- Page 27 ---

To our Shareh

Management Report

>mmerzbani
ort

ts urther Information

63 Segment performance
75 Asset & Capital Recovery

Asset & Capital Recovery

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment, which was reported for the
first time in the first quarter of 2016, comprises the complex fi-
nancings of the portfolios in the areas Commercial Real Estate
(CRE), Ship Finance (SF) and Public Finance (PF).

The ACR run-off strategy aims to systematically reduce the in-
dividual segment portfolios in a way that preserves value and
minimises risk. The aim of this asset reduction is to free up capital
so that it can be employed in business areas offering higher
returns.

Performance
Table 11
€m 2015" Chang
%/%-points
Income before provisions 213 76 .
Loan loss provisions -599 -361 65.9
Operating expenses 128 181 -29.3
Operating profit/loss -514 -466 10.3
Capital employed 3,313 4,182 -20.8
Operating return on equity (%) -15.5 -11.1 -4.4
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 60.1 238.2

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 139 ff).

Since the transfer of assets with good credit quality and low earn-
ings volatility from the former Non-Core Assets (NCA) segment to
various Bank segments with effect from 1 January 2016, we have
further run down the assets remaining in Asset & Capital Recovery
(ACR), which chiefly comprise more complex sub-portfolios with
long maturities.

The (exposure at default,
performing loans) was reduced by more than €2bn to €16.2bn

total volume including non-
over 2016 as a whole. In commercial real estate financing and ship
financing in particular — the

translation effects and the ongoing very difficult situation on the

latter despite opposing currency

shipping markets - there were further significant reductions in
loan portfolios. In the case of public finance exposures, the major-
ity of which have very long residual maturities, the basic strategy
is to hold them to maturity.

The ACR segment recorded an operating loss of €-514m in 2016,
after €-466m in the previous year. Total income before loan loss
provisions rose by €137m to €213m. A major contributor to this was.
the partial write-up of €135m on the earlier exposure to HETA Asset
Resolution AG (Heta). A substantial expense was incurred in the

previous year for the 50% write-down on this exposure.

Net interest and trading income fell by €146m to €85m. This
was linked primarily to the additional income generated in 2015
from measures to restructure funding that were not repeated in
the period under review. The continuing reduction in the portfolio
also entails a corresponding reduction in current interest income.
The positive net investment income figure of €141m, compared
with €-207m in the previous year, reflects the above-mentioned
fluctuations in the value of the Heta bonds, which have now com-
pletely been reduced.

The loan loss provisions of €-599m, after €-361m in 2015,
were largely attributable to ship financing. By contrast, commer-
cial real estate financing required only minor valuation allowances
ona similar scale to the previous year.

The sharp fall of 29.3% in operating expenses to €128m was
due to the further reduction in the ACR portfolio year-on-year and
a significant adjustment in headcount.

Overall, the ACR segment posted a pre-tax loss of €-514m in
2016. The loss thus increased by around 7% compared with the
same period of the previous year, which included restructuring
provisions of €16m.

75

Group Management Report


--- Page 28 ---

Group Management Report

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Main developments in 2016

Reduction strategy continued

The first quarter of 2016 saw the planned transfer of some of the
remaining assets from the former Non-Core Assets (NCA) segment
to what were then the Private Customers and Mittelstandsbank
segments and to the Others and Consolidation division. The assets
concerned were all non-impaired assets with good internal ratings.
The criteria for the transfer of assets were credit quality, volatility
of income and the ability to integrate the assets into the refinanc-
ing and liquidity structure of the units concerned. The new seg-
ment, renamed Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR), essentially retains
complex sub-portfolios with long maturities and with volumes of
initially around €18bn (EaD including NPLs) which do not meet, or
only partly meet, the specified delimitation criteria. A substantial
portion of the commercial real estate and ship financing loans
(EaD: around €8bn) were transferred to the former Mittelstands-
bank segment, while Others and Consolidation took over the lion’s
share of the Public Finance portfolios (EaD: around €36bn). The
Private Customers segment also took over a small volume (EaD:
around €2bn) of private real estate loans.

For all assets bundled in the ACR segment, a reduction plan for
all ACR portfolios is being drawn up as part of the comprehensive
management plan. The focus of the portfolio reduction is on re-
ducing EaD (including NPLs). The priority here is to reduce the
more risky assets. The management of ACR also has an efficient
toolkit for reducing the portfolio. In addition to active restructuring
and the use of market opportunities, improved access to investors
and capital markets in recent years has made it possible to reduce
assets in a selective manner by selling sub-portfolios, provided
capital is freed up as a result. The value-preserving portfolio re-
duction in 2016 is reflected in the 12% year-on-year fall in EaD
(including NPLs) in the ACR segment to around €16bn. The EaD
volume of the CRE and ship finance portfolio stood at around €7bn
as at the end of 2016. Risk-weighted assets (RWA) fell by €1bn
year-on-year to €21bn. The secured funding for ACR’s activities
comes from lettres de gage publiques and ship Pfandbriefe. Secu-
rities repo transactions also play a role in funding the portfolio.
Optimising the funding structure — through active cover pool man-
agement, for example — is an important component of the reduc-
tion strategy. The ACR segment still has sufficient numbers of
highly qualified staff with many years of experience in the differ-
ent asset classes. The operating stability of the units within the
ACR segment is assured.

Commercial Real Estate

In 2016 the total CRE volume (EaD, including NPLs) was further
reduced by €0.7bn or 21% to €2.5bn through active management.
In CRE Germany, which still accounts for around 33% of the total
exposure, EaD declined by 41% to €0.8bn. In CRE International,
which accounts for around 67% of the total portfolio, EaD fell by
5% over the course of 2016 to €1.6bn. The breakdown of the
overall portfolio by type of use is as follows: the main components
of the exposure are the sub-portfolios office (€0.5bn), retail
(€1.2bn) and logistics (€0.3bn).

Ship Finance

In 2016 the volume of the former Deutsche Schiffsbank AG portfo-
lio (EaD including NPLs) booked in ACR was reduced by €1.3bn
from €6.1bn to €4.8bn. As the portfolio is mainly denominated in
USD, the net fall of 22% included the effect of euro depreciation
during the year, particularly against the US dollar. At constant ex-
change rates the portfolio reduction would have been €0.1bn
greater. Aside from the ongoing reduction in problem loans at in-
dividual loan level, the focus of reduction activities in 2016 was on
the sale of selected loans from the performing loan book.

The future speed of portfolio reduction will continue to depend
crucially on the performance of the shipping markets, where gen-
eral conditions did not significantly improve in 2016.

The portfolio is divided principally between three standard
types of ship, namely containers (€1.7bn), tankers (€1.0bn) and
bulkers (€1.1bn). The rest of the portfolio (€1.0bn) consists of
various special tonnages which are well diversified across the
various ship segments.

Public Finance

The Public Finance portfolio consists mainly of loans to local au-
thorities, other public-sector or quasi-public-sector institutions,
companies or financing institutions.

EaD fell by €0.3bn over the year to €9.0bn, primarily as a result
of maturities. Most of the exposure is in western Europe and
North America.


--- Page 29 ---

To our Shareh

Corporate responsibility

Financial Statements urther Information

63 Segment performance
75 Asset & Capital Recovery

Outlook for Asset & Capital Recovery

Partly because the ACR segment has in the past comprised a large
proportion of high-quality assets, we were able to press on with
the continual reduction of non-core portfolios and associated risks.

The run-off strategy for the ACR segment will be rigorously
pursued in the coming years. The aim is still to run off the remain-
ing portfolios and residual risks completely over time in a way that
preserves value and releases capital. Opportunities to sell assets
and portfolios will therefore continue to be taken in cases where a
sale makes economic sense. By the end of 2019, the ACR segment
aims to further substantially reduce the CRE and SF portfolios to a
level in the low single-digit billions. This represents a reduction of
at least one-half compared with the value of the portfolios at the
time of the transfer, which was just under €10bn.

The low interest rate environment that is set to persist in 2016
and beyond, along with the investment pressure on both large and
small investors, continues to make real estate a relatively attractive
asset class, especially in the eurozone. Stable market conditions
are expected for the short to medium term.

There is still overcapacity in the markets for containers and
bulkers, and this was again reflected in very low charter rates. It
was not until towards the end of 2016 that charter rates for bulkers
began to recover from the historic lows recorded at the start of the
year. Tanker charter rates also came under pressure in 2016, al-
though the situation was not as difficult as for containers and
bulkers due to the strength of the market in 2014 and 2015. As a
result, some of the loans for ships affected by the crisis can no
longer be serviced as contractually agreed. This situation does not
look like changing in the foreseeable future, so a lasting recovery
in the shipping market in 2017 is unlikely.

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is de-
pendent on political, economic and monetary developments, par-
ticularly in Europe and the USA. The Public Finance division will
continue to seek out and make use of opportunities for asset and
portfolio reductions that are focused on risks and do not harm
profits.

77

Group Management Report


--- Page 30 ---

Group Management Report

78

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments. Re-
porting for this segment under “Others” comprises equity partici-
pations that are not assigned to business segments, overarching
Group matters such as costs for Group-wide projects, effects re-
sulting from the purchase price allocation in connection with the
Dresdner Bank takeover, specific individual matters that cannot be
allocated to the segments, and Group Treasury. The costs of the
support functions, which — except for restructuring expenses — are
mainly charged to the segments, are also shown here.

Consolidation includes income and expense items that repre-
sent the reconciliation of internal management reporting figures
shown in segment reporting with the Group financial statements in
accordance with IFRS. Shown here too are the costs of the staff
and management functions, which — except for restructuring ex-
penses — are also mainly charged to the segments.

The segment recorded an operating loss of €-453m in 2016
compared with €-338m in the previous year. The €115m decline
was mainly due to the performance of Group Treasury, which was.
unable to repeat last year’s very good result. Taking into account
restructuring expenses of €107m in connection with the optimisa-
tion of internal processes, Others and Consolidation recorded a
pre-tax result of €-560m in 2016, compared with €-379m in 2015.


--- Page 31 ---

s Corporate responsibility

Our employees

Engaged and capable employees make a vital contribution to
Commerzbank’s success. Our HR activities ensure that our em-
ployees work where they can best deploy their talents in line with
the needs of the Bank. Our aim is to create an attractive environ-
ment for our employees through our working conditions and de-
velopment prospects. At the same time, we are addressing the

Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements
pais of the c

urther Information

demands posed by the Bank’s new business model. Our corporate
culture is centred around a shared leadership philosophy and our
ComValues and Code of Conduct, which, especially during periods
of change, are the key pillars supporting fair and competent inter-
actions with colleagues and with our customers and business
partners.

Table 12
Actual number employed 31.12.2016 31.12.2015
Total staff Group 49,941 51,305
Total staff parent bank 35,211 36,884

At year-end 2016, the Commerzbank Group employed 49,941 staff,
a decrease of 1,364 employees compared with year-end 2015. The
number of full-time equivalents was 44,267, compared with 45,419
in the previous year. The following table shows full-time employ-
ees at year-end by segment and by staff/management and support

function. The staff/management functions perform central Group
management tasks. The support functions ensure that the business
processes underlying the Bank’s operations run smoothly. The costs
of the staff/management and support functions are mainly charged
to the segments on the basis of an internal allocation formula.

Table 13
Full-time personnel 31.12.2016 31.12.2015
Private and Small-Business Customers 20,946 21,770
Corporate Clients 6,611 6,938
Staff/management functions and Support functions! 16,710 16,711
Group total 44,267 45,419

* Staff/management functions: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Compliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group Human Resources,
Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group Treasury and the central risk functions. Support functions: Group Banking Operations, Group Markets Operations,
Group Information Technology, Group Organisation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The staff/management and support functions are combined in the Others

and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

Most employees in the Commerzbank Group (around 75%) work
in Germany. Their average length of service with Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft (Germany) is around 20 years; 20% have
worked for the Bank for up to 9 years, 30% for between 10 and
19 years, and half for 20 years or more. The employee turnover
rate in 2016 was 3.7%, compared with 3.2% in 2015.

HR supports the Bank's strategy process

Commerzbank presented its “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy in the
year under review. Our new strategy calls for the systematic re-
alignment of the Bank. HR work plays a key role in the successful
implementation of the business model. While not the aim, head-
count reduction is an unavoidable outcome of this transformation
to “Commerzbank 4.0”.

HR is advising and supporting the Bank’s segments with their
change processes and providing assistance with committee nego-
tiations. We will deploy all of our HR tools responsibly and profes-
sionally to ensure that the headcount reduction takes place in a
socially responsible manner.

Providing direction and anchoring a

“culture o

tegrity” for the long term

The implementation of our strategic objectives entails far-reaching
changes in the Bank. We are supporting this in our HR activities
by providing professional advice and a:

stance for managers and
employees. Through our value-oriented and binding guidelines on
management conduct in the Bank we are creating a uniform stan-
dard and supporting skilled and fair interactions between employ-
ees and managers.

79

Group Management Report


--- Page 32 ---

Group Management Report

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The ComValues and Code of Conduct on which our corporate
culture is based mean we are well positioned to successfully im-
plement the Bank’s change process. HR also plays a key role in im-
plementing compliance measures. These range from the recruit-
ment process to compliance training and the long-term anchoring
of our Code of Conduct, thus helping to forge a “culture of integ-
rity” in the Bank.

HR activities are geared to the Bank's objectives

HR activities are geared systematically to the Bank’s strategic ob-
jectives and business model. Commerzbank redefined its HR pol-
icy guidelines in 2015 and restructured the HR division in the year
under review to ensure it is fit for the future. The restructuring
focused in particular on creating an efficient and customer-
oriented organisation and working methods. For example, we have
already standardised, digitalised and in some cases outsourced a
large number of processes. Strategic HR planning also helps us
examine medium- to long-term changes in staffing levels and re-
quirements on a systematic and regular basis. Using model-based
simulations we can propose management measures at an early
stage to indicate how many employees and with what skills we
need when and where in the Bank. HR thus helps ensure that the
Bank remains competitive and fit for the future.

Identifying and utilising potential in the best
possible way

The changing banking sector is also having an effect on the work
environment. Life-long learning is the key to long-term success. In
an industry marked by upheaval, we need employees who continu-
ously review and expand their skills. With development-oriented
procedures and individually customised training we are applying
new approaches to the selection, appointment and development of
managers and project managers. We have also created uniform
Bank-wide standards for employee training and development in the
form of the Competence Dialogue. Each employee meets with their
line manager to consider the employee's specific competencies.
This enables us to determine training and development needs at an
early stage and develop and expand the competencies required by
our employees. About 17,000 employees took part in the Compe-
tence Dialogue in the year under review to evaluate their profes-
sional fitness. We have thus laid the foundations for identifying and
promoting potential in the best possible way.

Bank and employees are committed to
stable pension provision

Occupational pension provision is a key pillar of our HR benefits.
To safeguard provision despite the ongoing low interest rate envi-
ronment, the members of the BVV (BVV Versicherungsverein des
Bankgewerbes a. G. and BVV Versorgungskasse des Bankgewer-
bes e. V.) approved a reduction of the guaranteed interest rate on
new contributions under old agreements in order to stabilise pen-
sion provision. In the year under review, members on both the
employer and the employee side at Commerzbank voted by a large
majority to approve this measure. The Bank is compensating the
resultant reduction in guaranteed pension entitlements in full,
thereby affirming its commitment to ensuring stable pension pro-
vision for its employees.

A working environment free of prejudice creates
acceptance and trust

Diversity is the cornerstone of our corporate culture and is an in-
tegral component of our HR work. We encourage the diversity and
individual development of our employees, as we firmly believe that
this also benefits us as a company. We want to maintain our clear
position on these issues and anchor them even more strongly
among our managers and employees.

To mark the tenth anniversary of the “Charta der Vielfalt e. V.”
(Diversity Charter) association, Commerzbank organised a diversity
workshop in September of the year under review along with the
fourth Diversity Day, featuring numerous campaigns and work-
shops on the topic of digitalisation for employees in Frankfurt.

A good work/life balance improves performance
for the Bank

We want our employees to achieve the best possible balance be-
tween their professional and personal lives. This balance is becom-
ing increasingly important for fathers as well. The Focus on Fathers
network initiated by Commerzbank has been making an important
contribution to equal opportunities in companies for many years.
The number of fathers who take parental leave, work flexibly or
work part-time is rising continuously. By way of example, 16.9% of
fathers took an average of 2.2 months parental leave in the year un-
der review alone. We believe that employees with a good work/life
balance are more motivated and perform better.


--- Page 33 ---

To our S| Corporate responsibi

For this reason we support fathers and mothers with flexible
working time models, opportunities to work from home and child-
care services. We also offer information events and networking op-
portunities on these topics both within and outside the Bank.

Caring for family members is also important to us. With this in
mind, Commerzbank in Germany offers a unique range of services
for its employees and for many years has provided comprehensive
a

tance and services on the subject of care in cooperation with
professional partners. In the year under review, Commerzbank
employees had the opportunity to participate for the first time in a
nationwide online seminar and pick up practical tips on caring for
family members.

Women in management positions

As in the previous year, putting women in management positions
was once again a key target for Commerzbank in 2016. The Bank
was able to employ more women in management positions (29.8%)
in the year under review than in 2015. Our aim is to further in-
crease the proportion of women in management positions. We
therefore pursue an approach whereby a position should be filled
solely on the basis of an employee’s qualifications and expertise.

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Stater

urther Information

Framework for healthy working

We firmly believe that employees only remain motivated and effec-
tive over the long term if they are in good physical, mental and
social health. We therefore encourage our employees to work and
live healthily through our holistic and sustainable approach to oc-
cupational health management. Our diverse offering covers topics
including movement, nutrition, stress management and addiction
prevention. For example, we gave our employees an incentive to
get themselves moving by taking part in the Global Corporate
Challenge (GCC) step challenge for the third time. Commerzbank’s
employees exceeded the target of covering at least 10,000 steps
daily over a period of 100 days.

Not only the physical but also the psychological health of our
employees is very important to us. Commerzbank employees ex-
periencing difficulties in their professional or personal lives can
seek expert advice through initiatives such as the Employee Assis-
tance Programme (EAP). Social health is promoted through the
roughly 160 company sports groups throughout Germany, with
over 16,000 members taking part in more than 50 different sports.

Remuneration

As a result of the increased significance arising from greater
regulation, remuneration of all employees below the level of the
Board of Managing Directors is disclosed in a separate report
(Remuneration Report pursuant to Section 16 of the Remunera-
tion Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergiitungsverordnung)).
This is published annually on the Commerzbank website at

www.commerzbank.com.

81

Group Management Report


--- Page 34 ---

Group Management Report

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Outlook and opportunities report

Future economic situation

The development of the global economy in 2017 will once again be
determined by geopolitical risks as well as the economic develop-
ment of emerging markets. The spotlight here remains on China,
where inefficient state-owned companies have continued to invest
strongly even though their profits have not increased. The invest-
ment is funded by the state-owned banks — at the expense of
healthy private companies. This is likely to weaken the Chinese
economy for many years. The 2017 outlook for other emerging
markets also remains modest, however, as the increase in key in-
terest rates in the USA also means the end of a decade of cheap
money. Only those countries whose exports are dominated by
commodities are likely to see an improvement in their economic

situation, as they should benefit from the ongoing recovery in
commodity prices.

We expect the US economy to grow by 2.3% in 2017. There is
likely to be a renewed sharp increase in domestic demand, but the
change of economic policy will not have any greater impact. It is
highly unlikely that the tax cuts promised during the election
campaign will be implemented in full, as that would trigger an ex-
cessively steep rise in the budget deficit. Furthermore, taxes
would not fall until the second half of 2017 or early 2018. The
planned infrastructure investments will probably also have only a
limited impact on demand.

The US Federal Reserve is likely to raise key interest rates
again in 2017 as the US economy is nearing full
Wages are already rising more quickly, pointing to higher inflation

employment.

over the medium term.

Table 14

Real gross domestic product Pe 20171 2018"
Change from previous year

USA 1.6% 2.3% 2.3%
Eurozone 1.7% 1.8% 1.6%
Germany 1.9% 1.6% 1.5%
Central and Eastern Europe 1.1% 1.9% 2.3%
Poland 2.8% 3.3% 2.8%

+ The figures for 2017 and 2018 are all Commerzbank forecasts

The eurozone economy is set to grow by 1.8% in 2017, slightly
more strongly than in 2016, despite the unresolved problems in
emerging markets. The ECB’s loose monetary policy is having an
ever-greater impact on the real economy: the low interest rates are
making the still high debt levels of many companies and house-
holds more sustainable. Unemployment will continue to fall thanks
to the solid economic growth. However, this is unlikely to have
much impact on weak wage inflation. This means that underlying
inflation will also remain weak, although the energy price trend
will push the average rate of inflation for 2017 to well over 1%.
The UK’s vote in favour of leaving the EU will have no further im-
pact on the eurozone economy. For one thing, it will probably be
several years before the UK actually leaves. We also anticipate that
it will ultimately conclude an agreement with the EU that mini-

mises the economic disruption.

The German economy is set to grow slightly more slowly in
2017 (1.6%) than it did in 2016. However, this is due solely to the
lower number of working days compared with 2016. The upturn is
still being driven by consumption. Although wages will increase
more slowly in real terms than in 2016 due to higher inflation, pri-
vate consumption is likely to increase at a similar rate to the previ-
ous year thanks to the ongoing rise in employment. Beneath the
gloss, however, there are increasing numbers of undesirable de-
velopments. Growth in the unit labour costs of German companies.
has been outpacing the rest of the eurozone for the last six years.
And in the property market, low interest rates are driving up
prices, especially in the major cities.


--- Page 35 ---

To our S Corporate responsibility

The US interest rate reversal and the continuation of the ECB’s
expansive monetary policy will once again shape the financial
markets in 2017. Yields on ten-year Bunds are likely to rise less
than those on the equivalent US securities. The DAX should climb
in 2017, albeit with high volatility: its dividend yield of just under
3% looks attractive in light of the ECB’s set-in-stone zero interest

Fin,

urther Information

rate policy, and this gives scope for further rises in the
price/earnings ratio. There is unlikely to be any significant further
weakening in the euro/dollar exchange rate in 2017, as the mar-
kets have already priced in a sufficient number of rate increases by
the US Federal Reserve.

Table 15
Exchange rates 31.12.2016 31.12.2017" 31.12.2018"
Euro/US-dollar 1.05 1.04 0.99
Euro/Sterling 0.85 0.87 0.85
Euro/Zloty 4.40 4.50 4.60

" The figures for 2017 and 2018 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

Our views regarding the expected development of the banking
sector over the medium term have not changed substantially since
our statements published in the Interim Report as at 30 June 2016.

The persistently low interest rate environment and modest
global economic growth are shaping the international banking en-
vironment. Increased political uncertainty in developed economies
and ongoing fragility in emerging markets carry the danger of a
very sudden reassessment of global risks leading to abrupt conta-
gion effects. The markets appear to have largely priced in the
USA's new economic and inflation picture already. Worries over
the sustainability of high public and private debt levels keep flar-
ing up and can increase banks’ credit risks, which up to now have
played a key role in stabilising earnings. Regulators are already
showing concern over the volume of non-performing loans in cer-
tain eurozone countries. The low interest rate policy has impeded
the clean-up of balance sheets in some countries, and the high
debt levels will affect the eurozone economy for many years to
come. The future course of global banking regulation has also be-
come less certain following the US elections, while changes in the
use of proprietary models to calculate capital requirements could
have a negative impact on European banks and regulatory uncer-
tainty due to the lack of international consensus may impair the
functional capacity of the banking sector. There is therefore no
imminent prospect of an “end to the era of regulation”, as has oc-
casionally been postulated in recent times.

As outlined above, political developments and events have be-
come considerably more relevant for the banking sector. The fi-
and debt crises and growing geopolitical risks have now
been joined by social trends such as disintegration and national-
ism, which have the potential to repeatedly unsettle key financial
sector customers such as (private and corporate) investors and
exporters, particularly as they cast doubt on fundamental princi-
ples of economic policy — such as free global trade and European
integration — and create disruptive risks.

There is also ongoing uncertainty on the markets regarding
the capital adequacy and profitability of European banks. The fo-
cus remains on individual business models for sustainable profit
generation and stress resistance in the low interest rate environ-
ment. One of the main challenges still facing banks is to adapt

nanci:

their business models — in view of ongoing overcapacity in some
countries coupled with new technology-driven competitors — to
the changed conditions, reduce costs and increase profitability.
This means pushing ahead with the systematic modernisation of
banking operations and making sufficient capacity available for
digitali:

All in all, the eurozone banking sector is still in the middle of a
long-term structural transformation triggered by the crisis of the
last few years. The stronger capital base is offset by reductions in
implicit government guarantees, stricter rules on resolution and
greater creditor loss participation. A further reduction in leverage

tion.

exposure levels and improved asset quality in an increasingly digi-
talised and automated industry are still essential if the banking
sector is to meet the tougher requirements of banking supervisors
and fulfil investor expectations.

83

Group Management Report


--- Page 36 ---

Group Management Report

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The pressure on the banking sector has increased as a result of
regulation, structural transformation and competition; reducing
this is made even more difficult by the limited scope for stabilising
margins in the future due to the still low level of investments rates
on new lending business — despite a slight increase in long-term
yields and a slightly steeper yield curve — and the uncertainty of
achieving additional relief by further reducing loan loss provisions.
The increased use of internal and alternative external funding
sources, together with still relatively weak capital expenditure ac-
tivity, will prevent a significant revival in lending business with
corporate clients. Foreign business is only likely to gain limited
momentum, as global trade growth is sluggish. In private customer
business, stimulus in Germany is coming mainly from the record-
high level of employment and the still good prospects for real estate
lending. However, the pressure to adapt and keep down costs in
lending business is higher than it has been for a long time.

The outlook for banking in Poland has been dampened by the
change of economic policy. While the plan for dealing with mort-
gage loans denominated in Swiss francs has eased the situation,
we still expect the banking sector to come under pressure from
the newly introduced bank levy and other potential measures to
increase the government's influence.

The Polish economy has also been somewhat disappointing of
late, which is primarily attributable to weaker capital spending due
to factors such as lower inflows of funds from the EU. Foreign
trade has also ceased to be a growth driver, however, while the

Figure 5

impact of social transfers fell short of expectations. Although
growth forecasts have been revised downwards, Poland remains
on a solid growth path in 2017. The predicted economic growth
should generally boost credit volumes, and the solid position of
private households and the corporate sector will
vourably in banks’ risk costs.

be reflected fa-

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group

Planned funding measures

Commerzbank anticipates a capital market funding requirement of
less than €10bn over the coming years. Commerzbank offers a
broad range of products in the capital market. In addition to unse-
cured funding instruments such as senior unsecured and Tier 2,
Commerzbank can also issue secured funding instruments, in par-
ticular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector Pfandbriefe. These
give Commerzbank stable access to long-term funding with cost
advantages compared with unsecured sources of funding. As such,
Pfandbriefe are a key element of Commerzbank’s funding mix.
Issuance formats range from large-volume benchmark bonds to
private placements.

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2016
€bn

15
10
LJ
| || a —_—
=
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 >2027

(Ml Unsecured issues Secured issues

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for
liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure a
comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding structure.


--- Page 37 ---

To our S Corporate responsibility

f the

Planned investments

Commerzbank plans to invest just under €1.2bn in 2017. Around
€700m of this will be on IT. The Bank’s biggest areas of invest-
ment are digitalisation (around 40%), regulation (around 30%)
and infrastructure (just under 20%).

Private and Small-Business Customers

The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2017 are ini-
tiatives relating to the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy and compli-
ance with regulatory requirements.

Digitalisation measures include in particular further investment
in the new multi-channel platform ONE. The speed of implementa-
tion of changes in this multi-channel platform is being further in-
creased through a simplified IT landscape and the systematic ex-
pansion of functionalities. Maintenance costs are being reduced by
decommissioning individual systems, using individual components
throughout the entire Group and increasing standardisation. Com-
pliance requirements can be fulfilled more easily by harmonising
processes, products and services. For example, the platform
makes it possible to connect fintech companies, thus making the
business model more flexible.
also be further investment in Commerzbank’s sales
platform. The findings from analyses of customer needs will be fed
in a targeted manner to channels such as branches, customer cen-
ter or online banking to permit an industrialised, scaled and auto-
mated customer approach and customer service. Tailored offerings
targeted at specific needs increase customer satisfaction and pro-
mote cross and upselling. This calls for the efficient use of big data
as part of digital customer relationship management (DCRM). In-

There will

depth analysis of internal and external data identifies untapped
customer potential and allows the Bank to generate tailored offer-
ings. Analytical DCRM is also used to generate leads: the leads
generated (prospects) are collected, managed and processed in a
targeted manner in the customer pool. Budgets for marketing and
sales campaigns can then be allocated more efficiently.

The Bank will also invest in the creation of its own instalment
loan platform this year. Commerzbank and BNP Paribas have
agreed to divide the joint company Commerz Finanz GmbH into
two parts. In 2017, Commerzbank plans to take instalment loan
business on to its own books as a profitable growth area.

Digital asset management rounds out Commerzbank’s custody
account portfolio and satisfies customer demands for digital offer-
ings in asset management too. Digital asset management will go
live in comdirect during 2017.

Management Report

urther Information

Implementing the wide range of regulatory requirements in a
timely and customer-centric manner remains the Bank’s top prior-
ity. A significant portion of the Bank’s investment is going on im-
plementing the requirements for business processes under the
EU’s MiFID II Directive and directly applicable MiFIR Regulation
published in 2014.

One of the key requirements for improving the efficiency of
business with private and small-business customers is a lean infra-
structure with modern branch formats. To ensure broad market
coverage coupled with cost-effective management, there is clear
differentiation between the various branch formats. Flagship
branches offering a full range of services for all
ments are embedded in a network of city branches focusing on
day-to-day services and standardised products. Following the de-
sign phase in 2016, the branch formats are being rolled out in the

customer seg-

current year with the opening of more flagship and city branches.

The main focus of the Small-Business Customers division in
2017 will be on implementing the target vision developed as part
of “Commerzbank 4.0”. Investments will be geared primarily to
further developing the digital offering and expanding the product
range for small and medium-sized enterprises.

mBank will continue its organic growth in 2017 and further ex-
pand its business model focusing on mobile and direct banking. It
will also continue to invest heavily in innovative financial services.
The 2017 investments are intended to consolidate and develop
mBank’s digital expertise as a unique selling point that sets it
apart from the competition. As a result, mBank is to invest in the
development of the mobile (banking) first approach for both pri-
vate customers and corporate clients in 2017 to guarantee cus-
tomer-oriented, multi-channel access to the Bank and boost use of
the mobile banking channel among customers. For example, the
applications are to be made even more user-friendly, customers
are to be given new tools for analysing their financial situation and
online communication with customers is to be expanded.

Changing customer behaviour, due not least to demographic
trends, calls for the development of a comprehensive understand-
ing of customers and their needs. This is particularly crucial with
regard to the younger generation and plays a key role in new cus-
tomer acquisition and customer retention. Targeted investments
should help ensure that a sustainable range of solutions is devel-
oped based on knowledge of customers and that the right solu-
tions find the right customers. mBank’s efficiency is to be further
improved through investments in the standardisation and digitali-
sation of processes, thereby ensuring it remains profitable in the
future.

85

Group Management Report


--- Page 38 ---

Group Management Report

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The optimisation of the mBank branch network will continue as
part of the One Network project with the opening of more advisory
centres and “light branches”. mBank will also invest in a new
headquarters for the private customer business in Lodz in 2017.
mBank wants to strengthen its innovation culture through a modern
working environment that encourages creativity. Investments are
also planned in IT security and to improve the IT infrastructure.

Corporate Clients
The systematic dit
once again be a key investment priority in 2017. The segment plans
to significantly expand its range of digital investment and financing
services offered online, meaning that corporate clients will in future
be able to view and purchase more standard products online. New
sales applications will also be made available to customer advisors;

sation of corporate customer business will

in addition to providing a 360-degree view of customers they will
also relieve advisors of administrative tasks. The new data analytics
platform is also due to be commissioned in 2017.

Investments will also focus on implementing the regulatory re-
quirements relating to market infrastructure and fair advisory ser-
vices as defined in the MiFID II and MiFIR requirements. These
include significantly expanding the capacity available for storing
and evaluating order and transaction data and enhancing product
advisory documentation, but also improving the recording and
evaluation of telephone advisory discussions.

Trading activities are to be simplified, in part by significantly
streamlining the IT platform and downstream functions. To
achieve this, investment will be necessary during the initial phase
to create a highly efficient and clearly simplified IT landscape
along the entire value chain and thus generate significant effi-
ciency gains going forward.

The segment will also invest in separating out its equity prod-
ucts and exotic commodity products businesses in order to create
a Suitable infrastructure for the legal and IT separation.

Campus/journeys

Commerzbank is transforming itself into a digital technology
company in order to speed up service provision for customers
while improving efficiency and cost-effectiveness within the
Bank. One of the Bank’s strategic objectives under “Commerz-
bank 4.0” is to implement end-to-end digitalisation for 80% of
relevant business processes in the next four years. To this end,
Commerzbank will launch nine major digitalisation projects in
the current year, with around 700 employees working on these
projects in the first quarter of 2017 alone. The digitalisation will
not be approached in the same way as traditional projects, but
grouped into thematically related process bundles known as
master journeys. Responsibility for each lies with a lead execu-
tive, while implementation of each journey is driven by two
members of the Board of Managing Directors as sponsors. The
objective is not specified in detail but instead defined as a solu-

tion space that the teams approach in short intermediate stages
known as sprints. The only hard stipulation is the prescribed
deadline. Current digitalisation projects have already been bun-
dled together in a digital campus where new working methods
are tested and developed.

Back office
Commerzbank will continue with the ongoing optimisation of the
back office IT structure. There will also be significant investment
in the payment transactions and securities platform. The Group-
wide integration of the accounting and risk processes in reporting
and the development of a joint risk and finance platform will be
continued as part of the Strategic Architecture Finance and Risk
(SAFIR) project.

The compliance function will be reinforced in connection with
the further development of legal compliance and ethical principles.

Ever stricter regulatory requirements mean Commerzbank
needs to make substantial investments in order to comply with
national and international standards. Comprehensive reporting
requirements such as IFRS 9 and the implementation of regulatory
provisions are increasing the cost of gathering information and
reporting it to the banking authorities.

Anticipated liquidity trends

In 2016 the eurozone money and capital markets were again char-
acterised by the monetary policy measures implemented by the
ECB to support the economic recovery in the eurozone and pre-
vent deflationary trends.

The ECB has made an additional €60bn of liquidity available
each month through the securities purchase programme, raising
it to €80bn each month from April. The monthly purchase volume
will remain at €80bn until the end of March 2017 and will then be
reduced to €60bn each month until the end of December 2017.
The ECB also plans to purchase securities with a yield below the
deposit facility rate and has reduced the minimum remaining ma-
turity under the purchase programme to one year. The ECB fur-
ther issued three funding tranches in December 2016 under its
targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO-ID, thereby
providing around €123bn of liquidity for the banking sector after
deduction of the repayments under TLTRO-I. The excess liquidity
in the system has therefore increased on an ongoing basis and as
at the end of 2016 stood at around €1,200bn. We expect a further
increase in excess liquidity in the eurozone in 2017 due to the
continuation of the purchase programme. The translation into
demand for credit will remain modest.

Overall, we expect secondary market liquidity on European
bond markets to decline further as a result of the heavy activity
by the ECB and the persistently negative yields on many govern-
ment bonds.


--- Page 39 ---

To our Sharehi Corporate responsibility Management Report

f the

The restrictive regulatory environment and ECB interest rate
policy are still having a severe limiting effect on turnover in the
repo market. The ECB’s asset purchase programme is leading to
an even greater shortage of collateral. Owing to the high excess
liquidity in the market, the volume of longer-term securities repo
transactions is severely restricted.

Liquidity trends on the bond markets will also continue to be
dictated largely by the ECB’s activities. Secondary market liquid-
ity, which has already been significantly reduced, will continue to
fall due both to the situation in the repo markets and to the ECB’s
activities. We still expect yields to be negative up to maturities of
three years and credit spreads to be narrow.

Commerzbank’s liquidity management is well prepared to cope
with changing market conditions and able to respond promptly to
new market circumstances. The Bank has a comfortable liquidity
position that is well above internal limits and the currently appli-
cable requirements prescribed by the German Liquidity Regulation
and MaRisk.

Our business planning is done such that a liquidity cushion can
be maintained commensurate with the prevailing market condi-
tions and related uncertainties. This is supported by the Bank’s
stable franchise in private and corporate customer business and its
continued access to secured and unsecured debt instruments in
the money and capital markets.

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business
have changed markedly in the past few years. The pressure on
profitability has increased significantly in respect of both earnings
and costs. Whereas in the past, personal customer relationship
management was a key element of banking, these days our cus-
tomers expect multi-channel advisory services, digital financial
offerings and individual, tailor-made products. We are rising to
these challenges with the strategic initiatives we have launched
and in some cases already successfully implemented. But we
face additional challenges from increasingly stringent regulatory
requirements.

urther Information

With this in mind, the constant review of internal processes,
structures and technical platforms to make ourselves leaner, more
efficient and more customer-oriented is not a one-off project but
an ongoing process that will occupy us over the coming years and
should enable us to largely counteract the significantly tougher
requirements.

The “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy announced in autumn 2016
has three main thrusts. Firstly, we are concentrating on businesses
with clear competitive advantages and selling non-core activities.
Secondly, we are transforming ourselves into a digital technology
company. And thirdly, we are simplifying the Bank’s structure and
thus boosting our efficiency. Our aim is to be the leading bank in
Germany for private, small-business and corporate clients. We
want to provide a modern and considered range of digital and per-
sonal services, close to the customer and offering fast and efficient
processing. The Bank will in future concentrate its customer activi-
ties in two strong sales segments — Private and Small-Business
Customers and Corporate Clients.

By 2020 the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
will become Germany’s first truly digital multi-channel bank. The
key elements of this are digital and analogue service offerings,
new sales platforms and a differentiated branch concept.

Our network of around 1,000 branches retains its vital central
role, but we want to achieve faster growth by combining digital
platform strategies with modern branch formats. The “ONE” sales
application launched at the end of last year is a standardised tech-
nical platform for online and branch sales. Broad-based market
coverage is assured through flagship branches focusing on advisory
services and city branches that combine efficient customer service
with a reduced infrastructure and lower operating costs. With the
aim of gaining two million net new customers in the German mar-
ket by 2020, the Bank is offering attractive products such as digital
instalment loans and digital asset management and working with
partners such as Tchibo, Amazon and Lufthansa. Small-business
customers are handled in a separate business unit within the Pri-
vate and Small-Business Customers segment. We combine strong
expertise in private customer business with the credit know-how of
Mittelstandsbank. New digital offerings coupled with a nationwide
local presence will enable us to significantly increase our share of
the business customer and smaller Mittelstand customer markets
from 5% to 8%. The holistic advisory services take both business
and private considerations into account.

87

Group Management Report


--- Page 40 ---

Group Management Report

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The new Corporate Clients segment combines the Bank’s tradi-
tional strengths in corporate banking - a national presence cou-
pled with support for customers entering international markets, a
unique relationship management model and a leading range of
trade and export financing services — with the capital market
know-how of our investment bank. We are thus creating the opti-
mal framework for developing solutions tailored to the specific
needs of larger companies. We will also leverage our expertise in
Germany’s key industries at a European level in order to better
harness it for international growth. Our aim is to be the leading
provider of hedging products for corporate clients and the number
one debt house in Germany. We strive to ensure a uniformly high
quality of advice worldwide. Corporate customer advisors in Ger-
many not only coordinate the involvement of product specialists,
they also work with the Bank's global client service teams. The
multilingual relationship managers and specialists on the Euro-
pean desks in their global markets are in constant contact with
corporate customer advisors in the domestic market.

We will transform the Bank into a digital technology company
across all segments. Over the next four years we will implement
end-to-end digitalisation for 80% of relevant business processes.

The digital campus will become the engine driving the Commerz-
bank transformation, testing and developing new, agile working
methods and new forms of cooperation. For example, a standard-
ised, cloud-based customer relationship management system for
private, small-business and corporate clients is due to be launched
in the second half of the year.

The specific opportunities arising for the two customer seg-
ments this year are described in the corresponding parts of the
“Segment performance” section.

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank posted a solid result in the 2016 financial year de-
spite some difficult conditions, and with “Commerzbank 4.0” it
laid key strategic foundations for achieving a sustainably higher
level of profitability in the years ahead. In 2017 Commerzbank will
focus on implementing this strategy and on taking further meas-
ures to stabilise earnings against the impact of negative interest
rates, which are set to weigh on the banking sector for a longer
time to come. In the two core business segments Private and
Small-Business Customers (PSBC) and Corporate Clients (CC),
Commerzbank will accelerate the digitalisation of processes and
products in order to exploit additional growth potential and further
improve the good competitive position.

By contrast, the steep balance sheet reduction path in the As-
set& Capital Recovery (ACR) segment, which groups together
complex, long-term and riskier portfolios with no strategic value
contribution, will be continued in a value-preserving way to ensure
that any capital erosion should be limited even in an ongoing
stress scenario.

We expect the environment to remain very challenging in the
current financial year and do not anticipate any significant relief
from the interest rate environment. Although the successes we
anticipate from “Commerzbank 4.0” are only scheduled to be ap-
parent in the years that follow, we are aiming for better quality
income and earnings in 2017. With the management of operating
expenses and risk remaining strict, the first milestones on the way
to higher profitability should be reached.

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

Strategic measures for 2017 include improving the loan/deposit
ratio through rigorous deposit management and growing business
in the PSBC and CC segments to counter what we believe will be
continued headwinds for interest income due to extremely low
market interest rates. We will also seek to manage our risk-
weighted assets more efficiently and expand business dispropor-
tionately in areas where earnings can be generated with lower
capital requirements. A further area of focus is high-margin fi-
nancing such as consumer loans, which Commerzbank is taking in
its own books following the termination of the joint venture with
BNP Paribas in the course of the year. While we once again antici-
pate good growth momentum in the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment in Germany and at mBank, business with cor-
porate clients is set to remain slow due to the ongoing compara-
tively low level of investment activity among companies and muted
international trade flows. Excluding the balance of interest income
from trading acti 's, we aim for a slight increase in net interest

income overall.

The targeted slight increase in net commission income relates
largely to growth in securities business. The aim is to further in-
crease the share of volume-related income from mandate business
and premium custody accounts and further reduce the sensitivity to
market volatility in the future.

It is difficult to forecast net trading income because of the un-
predictability of developments on the global financial markets.
Commerzbank continues to apply its risk-oriented, customer-
centric approach to ensure as stable a contribution as possible
from this business.


--- Page 41 ---

To our Sharehi Corporate responsibility Management Report

f the

Overall, net investment income and other operating income in
the current financial year will be significantly below the very high
level seen last year. The Bank benefited from significant one-off
income in 2016, including write-ups on bonds of Heta Asset Reso-
lution AG, gains on disposal of the stake in Visa Europe Limited and
extraordinarily favourable conditions in the real estate business.

All in all, assuming no increase in interest rates we do not ex-
pect the positive performance of net interest and net commission
income, the key drivers of income, to fully make up for the lack of
non-recurring additional income in 2017. Total operating income
is therefore likely to remain behind last year’s level.

If the interest rate environment were to change, especially with
a significant increase at the short end of the yield curve, income
could rise significantly. At present, however, we attach only a low
probability to this scenario.

In our view, Group loan loss provisions in 2017 will depend
largely on the performance of the international shipping markets.
We anticipate loan loss provisions of between €450m and €600m.
for shipping loans. We do not expect to see any improvement in
the very difficult environment before the end of the year. However,
we anticipate that despite the challenging conditions we can con-
tinue reducing the portfolio in the ACR segment as we have done
in previous years. Given the cover ratio of 64% for problem loans
in ship financing we see a further reduction in risk potential. Loan
loss provisions in the PSBC and CC segments are likely to be at the
same level as 2016.

Operating expenses excluding restructuring expenses are
budgeted to be at the previous year’s level again in 2017. Contin-
ued efficiency improvements will be used to drive forward digitali-
sation in all areas of the Group and implement additional invest-
ment measures to boost future profitability. A higher degree of
flexibility also helps cover regulatory costs such as bank levies,
where we expect no relief until further notice. As far as the restruc-
turing expenses totalling €1.1bn to permanently reduce the cost
base to €6.5bn by 2020 are concerned, we assume that the pro-
gress of the committee discussions geared to implementing meas-
ures to reduce complexity and adjust capacity may have a substan-
tial impact on the allocation of the expenses over the financial years
2017 and 2018.

Anticipated segment performance

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the key aim
is still to grow earnings by increasing customer numbers and
business volumes. The systematic transformation to a multi-
channel bank with innovative branch and sales concepts and our
pioneering role in the digitalisation of products and processes give
us a competitive advantage that we expect to help us gain addi-
tional market share. We still see growth potential in lending busi-

urther Information

ness, with a focus on real estate financing and consumer loans,
and from even stronger penetration of the existing customer base.

We also expect greater efficiency gains through process op-
timisations such as the central “ONE” sales platform and the
streamlining of the product range. mBank, which operates one of
the most innovative direct banking platforms in its peer group, will
further expand the corporate and private customer base that it has
already increased significantly over the last few years and thus
boost its operating income. Given the continuing uncertainty over
which regulatory measures the Polish government will take re-
garding mortgage loans issued in foreign currencies, an increase
in the cost base at our Polish subsidiary cannot be ruled out. Ex-
cluding the one-off income received in 2016 (which included the
sale of the stake in Visa Europe Limited and real estate transac-
tions) and on the basis of our expectations that loan loss provi-
sions in lending business will remain relatively stable overall in
2017, the operating profit and operating return on equity in the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment will increase.
There is likely to be a slight drop in the cost/income ratio.

The Corporate Clients segment will exploit the improved mar-
ket position secured by bundling the strengths of the former Mit-
telstandsbank and Corporates & Markets segments in order to ex-
pand its customer base in 2017. The focus will be on reinforcing
its leading position in trade financing and extending its existing
sector expertise in various key industries to new customer groups
in Germany and the rest of Europe. The digital transformation of
advisory and sales processes helps further strengthen customer
relationships and achieve efficiency gains. As was the case in
2016, when the decision was taken to withdraw from securities
lending and collateral management and to reduce the complexity
of the bank portfolio in the Financial Institutions division, we will
continue to examine the product portfolio in all business areas this
year in terms of customer benefit and earnings potential and
thereby assess suitability for our core business. Initial losses of
income from terminated activities resulting in overall segment in-
come likely falling slightly in 2017 must be seen against the poten-
tial for significant cost savings in the medium term. Given an in-
terest rate, capital market and regulatory environment that
remains challenging, we anticipate operating profit will at most
equal the level of last year. This forecast is based on the assump-
tion that there will be no material changes in loan loss provisions.
The operating return on equity and cost/income ratio will therefore
remain largely stable.

In the ACR run-off segment we are sticking to our target of fur-
ther significant reductions in the portfolio across all business areas
- shipping, commercial real estate financing and public finance —
in a manner that preserves value. Current income will continue to
fall accordingly.

89

Group Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

Group Management Report

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

We believe the situation on the international shipping markets
will remain difficult, and as a result we expect loan loss provisions
in a range of between €450m and €600m. In an ongoing stress
scenario, with charter rates in some cases not high enough to
cover ship owners’ costs, provisioning charges could thus reach
the previous year’s level
achieved for problem loans and the further reduction in the loan
portfolio, we are targeting the ambitious lower end of the range.
Therefore, excluding measurement effects (which make up a sub-
stantial amount of total income but cannot be reliably forecast), we

again. Given the provisioning ratio

anticipate a similar operating loss to the previous year. The operat-
ing loss may be significantly higher in an adverse scenario with
larger credit losses.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

The Bank will further strengthen its market position in 2017 and
concentrate on implementing the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy.
The Core Tier 1 capital ratio (“fully phased in,” i.e. based on our
interpretation of all the rules to be implemented) should remain at
least 12%, with capital, risk-weighted assets, investments and the
income statement including restructuring expenses all balancing
each other out. Against this backdrop and given that operating
income is likely to be lower and costs stable, we anticipate a simi-
lar consolidated net profit to last year.

The return on equity will be slightly lower than last year due to
the planned full retention of earnings and associated strengthen-
ing of the capital base. The cost/income ratio is set to be slightly
higher. Were the interest rate scenario to be more positive, which
is contrary to current expectations, the cost/income ratio would
improve — especially if short-term rates rise. Economic value
added should move on a comparable scale to return on equity.

The first “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy milestones will further
strengthen the Bank’s resilience to external influences, which has
already improved significantly over the last few years. Neverthe-
less, there are numerous risk factors that could have a major but
currently unquantifiable impact on the profit forecast for 2017
should events take an unfavourable turn. These include the very
uncertain political situation in Europe and the USA, the conse-
quences of which could have a significantly detrimental effect on
the global economy. The strongly export-oriented German econ-
omy would be particularly hard hit by this in certain circum-
stances. Regulatory or legal influences and compliance require-
ments also still have the potential to bring about a deterioration in
the overall conditions for banking business.

Other adverse factors that could also lead to greater volatility
on the capital markets include geopolitical tensions in numerous
parts of the world.

Group Risk Report

The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the An-
nual Report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.


--- Page 43 ---

Group Risk Report

» In the Group Risk Report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 44 ---

Group Risk Report

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Contents

93 Executive summary 2016

94 _ Risk-oriented overall bank management

94
95
96
97
98

Risk management organisation

Risk strategy and risk management
Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

Regulatory environment

100 Default risk

100
100
104

109

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Commerzbank Group

106 Private and Small-Business Customers segment
106 Corporate Clients segment

107 Asset & Capital Recovery segment

Further portfolio analyses

112. Market risk

112
112
113
114
115

Strategy and organisation
Risk management
Trading book

Banking book

Market liquidity risk

115 Liquidity risk

115
115
116
116
117
117

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

Liquidity risk model
Quantification and stress testing
Liquidity reserves

Liquidity ratios

118 Operational risk

118
118

Strategy and organisation

Risk management

119 Other risks

The following Group Risk Report is also part of the Group Management Report. Due to
rounding, numbers and percentages may not add up precisely to the totals provided.


--- Page 45 ---

isibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statement: urther Information 93

93 Executive summary 2016
94. Risk-orier a managemer

Executive summary 2016

Solid capitalisation and high risk-bearing capacity ratio Risk-bearing capacity

€bn 193% 178% RBC-ratio
° The risk coverage potential remained stable with €30bn.

30 30
e The risk-bearing capacity ratio was again on a high level at
7
178%. 5 II Risk coverage potential
Econ. required capital

1215 1216
Ongoing exposure reduction in the Asset & Capital Recovery EaD
€b
segment n 16
4
e ACR exposure in the performing loan book totalled €14bn as [ME Commercial Real Estate
at 31 December 2016 and was reduced by €1.9bn compared to Ship Finance
“ 5
December 2015, ll Public Finance
e Ship Finance accounted for €1.5bn of the reduction.
125 1216
Loan loss provisions for the Group higher at €900m Loan loss provisions
€m
° Loan loss provisions relating to the Group’s lending business
in fiscal year 2016 amounted to €900m. 900
° Main driver remained the ship finance portfolio. 696
| ) Group
1215 1216
Market risk in the trading book fell in the course of 2016 VaR
€m
e The VaR fell from €29m to €15m over the year. 29
e The decline was mainly caused by a defensive position in light
of the political events in 2016 (Brexit, US presidential "8
elections, referendum in Italy). | (Group
1215 1216
Operational risks increased year-on-year Risk-weighted assets from operational risk
€bn

°  Risk-weighted assets from operational risks rose by €2.5bn to
€23.9bn.

214 23.9
e The increase was caused by big external loss events.
I) Group

1215 12/16

Group Risk Report


--- Page 46 ---

Group Risk Report

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Risk-oriented

overall bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and
non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable risks
include reputational and compliance risk.

Risk management organisation

Risk Management in Commerzbank is an overarching bank
mission and follows the principle of the “three lines of defence”.
Each unit (segments and functions) forms the first line of defence
within its framework of operative responsibility. For credit, market
and liquidity risk the responsibility for the second line of defence
lies with the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The CRO is responsible for
implementing the Group’s risk policy guidelines laid down by the
full Board of Managing Directors, and for the controlling of

Figure 6

operational risks. For other risks (e.g. IT risks or legal risks) the
responsibility for the second line of defence is located outside the
risk function depending on the kind of risk. The third line of
defence is made up of the internal audit.

The CRO is responsible for risk management and regularly
reports to the full Board of Managing Directors and the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board on the risk situation within
the Group.

The responsibilities within the risk function are split between
Credit Risk Management Core Bank, Credit Risk Management
Non-Core, Intensive Care, Market Risk Management and Risk
Controlling and Capital Management. In all segments except for
Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR), credit risk management is separa-
ted into a performing loan area and Intensive Care, while in ACR it
has been merged into a single unit across all rating classes. All
divisions have a direct reporting line to the CRO. The heads of
these risk management divisions together with the CRO make up
the Risk Management Board within Group Management.

Risk Management Function

Credit Risk Credit Risk Intensive Care Market Risk Risk Controlling and
Management Management Management Capital Management
Core Bank Non-Core

The full Board of Managing Directors exclusively has responsibility
for fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing
Directors has delegated operative risk management to committees.
Under the relevant rules of procedure, these are the Group Credit
Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk
Committee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which decides
on risk issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all these
committees and has the right of veto. In addition, the CRO is a
member of the Asset Liability Committee.

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are
described below:

The Group Credit Committee is the decision-making committee
for operative credit risk management, comprising two represent-
tatives each from the back office and front office. The Group Credit
Committee operates on the basis of the credit risk strategy. It takes
decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the full
Board of Managing Directors.

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk
throughout the Group and manages limit requirements in line with
risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading
and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. The focus here is on optimising the
risk/return profile.


--- Page 47 ---

To our Shareh Corporate Responsibility Management Report

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard
acts as the highest escalation and decision-making committee
below the full Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also
addresses all important regulatory issues that arise in connection
with the management of operational risks and the implementation
of the advanced measurement approach within the Group. In
addition, it deals with standards on governance and assessing the
functioning of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the
Commerzbank Group.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion
and decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.
Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is the
Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide
and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,
liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as interest surplus, in
accordance with the regulatory framework. The central Asset
Liability Committee monitors in particular the Group’s risk-bearing
capacity and, as such, plays an important part in the Internal
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).

The ALCO resolves the recovery plan (resolutions of the central
ALCO are presented to the Board of Managing Directors for
confirmation). In case of violation of a recovery plan indicator the
ALCO plays a central role regarding the escalation, the estimation
of the situation and the introduction of measures.

The central

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in the Supervisory Board’s
Risk Committee and in the Risk Management Board:

The Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee is the Bank’s
highest risk committee. It comprises at least five Supervisory
Board members. The Risk Committee’s tasks include monitoring
the risk management system and dealing with all risks, particularly
with regard to market, credit and operational risk as well as
reputational risk. The Risk Committee determines the type, scope,
format and frequency of the information that must be presented to
the Board of Managing Directors about strategy and risk.

The Risk Management Board deals with important current risk
topics across all risk types as a discussion and decision-making
committee within the risk function. In particular, it makes
decisions on strategic and organisational developments for the risk
function and is responsible for creating and maintaining a con-
sistent risk culture.

The Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors (CEO) bears
responsibility for controlling risks related to the Bank’s business
strategy, reputational risks and legal risks. The Chief Financial

Financial Stater

Risk Report urther Information

3 itive summary 2016
94. Risk-oriented overall bank management
ult risk
arket risk

idit

Officer (CFO) assumes responsibility for controlling compliance
risk with particular regard to investor protection, insider trading
guidelines and money laundering. The Chief Operating Officer
(COO) is responsible for monitoring human resources and IT risks.

Risk strategy and risk management

The overall risk strategy, together with the business strategy,
defines the strategic risk management guidelines for the
development of Commerzbank’s investment portfolio. Further-
more, the risk appetite is set as the maximum risk that the Bank is
prepared and able to accept while following its business objectives
without exposing itself to existential threats over and above the
risks inherent in the business. The guiding idea is to ensure that
the Group holds sufficient liquidity and capital. Based on these
requirements, suitable limits for the risk resources capital and
liquidity reserve available to the Group are defined. The
overarching limits of the overall risk strategy are consistent with
the recovery indicators of the recovery plan.

Banks’ core functions as transformers of liquidity and risk
result in inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger the
continued existence of the institution. For Commerzbank, in view
of its business model, these inherent existential threats include the
default of Germany, Poland, one or more of the other major EU
countries (France, Italy, Spain or the UK, although Brexit is not
deemed to be a default) or the default of the USA. Others include a
deep recession lasting several years with serious repercussions for
the German economy, a bank run and the collapse of global
clearing houses or the foreign exchange markets, possibly
triggered by a cyber attack. In general, cyber risk is an accepted,
inherent, existential risk for Commerzbank in the context of
increasing digitalisation. These existential threats are taken on
board deliberately in the pursuit of the business targets. It may be
necessary to adjust the business model and hence the business
and risk strategies in the medium and long term if the full Board of
Managing Directors’ assessment of these threats to Commerzbank
changes substantially. To the extent that it is able to do so,
Commerzbank makes early preparations
forthcoming changes in regulatory requirements and accounting
standards. Such changes and their (retrospective) interpretation
may have lasting implications for - and even threaten the survival
of — Commerzbank’s business model. Commerzbank takes these

in anticipation of

“regulatory risks” into account because there are many cases
where there is no option to mitigate or manage them.

95

Group Risk Report


--- Page 48 ---

Group Risk Report

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is detailed further in the form of sub-
risk strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then
specified and made operational through policies, regulations and
instructions/guidelines. By means of the risk inventory process —
which is to be carried out annually or on an ad hoc basis as
required — Commerzbank ensures that all risks of relevance to the
Group are identified and their materiality is assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing
Directors decides the extent to which the risk coverage potential
of the Group should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of
quantifiable risk contributing to the capital demand are limited in
a second stage. A capital framework is allocated to the manage-
ment-relevant units through the planning process. Compliance
with limits and guidelines is monitored during the year, and
management measures are put in place where required. In
addition, further qualitative and quantitative early warning
indicators are established in the overall risk strategy. Potential
negative developments can be identified at an early stage with the
help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance
of risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous
movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-
risk concentrations) and across different risk types (inter-risk
concentrations). The last one results from common risk drivers
or from interactions between different risk drivers of different
risk types.

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling
processes, Commerzbank provides for the identification, assess-
ment, management, monitoring and communication of substantial
risks and related risk concentrations. Therefore it is ensured that
all Commerzbank-specific risk concentrations are adequately taken
into account. Stress tests are regularly used to ensure trans-
parency regarding risk concentrations. Management is regularly
informed about the results of the analyses so that the potential risk
of losses can be avoided in good time.

Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines
binding minimum corporate
responsibility, its dealings with customers, business partners and
colleagues, and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that
the Bank complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements,
industry standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a

standards for Commerzbank’s

particularly important part of its risk culture. It demands
appropriate and courageous conduct in compliance with rules, and
any failure to comply with rules is penalised.

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and
culture is the concept of “three lines of defence”, which is a core
element of the Corporate Charter. Under this “three lines of
defence” principle, protecting against undesirable risks is an
activity that is not restricted to the risk function. Each unit
(segment or function) forms the first line of defence within its area
of operational responsibility and is responsible for identifying and
managing risks within it while complying with the prescribed risk
standards and policies. For example, the front office forms the first
line of defence in all business decisions and has to take risk
aspects into account in reaching them. The second line of defence
for each type of risk lays down standards for appropriate
management of risks of that type, monitors this and ensures the
application of such standards, and analyses and evaluates the
risks. The risk function forms the second line of defence against
credit and market risks associated with business decisions.
Particularly for credit risk, this includes involvement in the credit
decision process through means of a second vote. Units outside
the risk function (e.g. Group Compliance and Group Finance) also
operate as the second line of defence for certain risk types. The
third line of defence is made up of the internal audit.

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and proce-
dures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of risk.
The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital is the amount that corres-
ponding to a high confidence level (currently 99.91% at Commerz-
bank) will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the
excess coverage of the economically required capital by the risk
coverage potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured
as long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.


--- Page 49 ---

To our S Corporate Responsibility

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default
and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a
confidence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the
relevant loss threshold that will not be exceeded within the
holding period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital requirement
for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.91%. The term results
from the application of the value at risk concept to credit risk
measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount by which
losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the expected loss
within a single year, i.e. unexpected loss. The idea behind this
approach is that expected loss simply represents the long-term.
average of lending losses, but this may vary (positively or
negatively) from actual credit losses for the current business year.

In relation to bulk risk, the “all-in” concept comprises all
customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount —
irrespective of the loan utilisation to date. It is independent of
statistically modelled parameters to the greatest possible extent
and comprises internal as well as external credit lines.

Risk-bearing capacity and
stress testing

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure
that sufficient capital is held at all times.

Commerzbank monitors risk-bearing capacity using a gone
concern approach which seeks primarily to protect unsub-
ordinated lenders. This objective should be achieved even in the
event of extraordinarily high losses from an unlikely extreme
event. The gone concern analysis is supplemented here by
elements aimed at ensuring the institution’s continuing existence
(going concern perspective).

When determining the economically required capital, allowance
is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value. Where such
fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered by the available
economic capital to absorb unexpected losses (economic risk
coverage potential). The quantification of the economic risk
coverage potential is based on a differentiated view of the

Risk Report Financial Statem

urther Information
93 Executive summary 2016

94. Risk-oriented overall bank management

ult risk

t risk

9° Other risks

accounting values of assets and liabilities and involves economic
valuations of certain balance sheet items.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using
the internal economic capital model. When assessing the
economic capital required, allowance is made for all the types of
risk at the Commerzbank Group that are classified as material and
quantifiable in the annual risk inventory. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The
model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of
risk. The confidence level of 99.91% in the economic capital
model is in line with the underlying gone concern assumptions
and ensures the economic risk-bearing capacity concept is
internally consistent. The quantifiable risks in the economic capital
model can be divided into default risk, market risk, operational
risk and (although not shown separately in table 16 below)
business risk, property value change risk, investment portfolio risk
and reserve risk. Business risk is the risk of a loss resulting from
discrepancies between actual income and expense and the
respective budgeted figures. Business risk is considered as a
deductible amount in risk coverage potential. Investment portfolio
risk indicates the risk of an unexpected fall in the value of unlisted
investments. Property value change risk is the risk of an
unexpected fall in the value of owned property which is either
already booked as an asset in the Group's balance sheet or which
can be capitalised during the next twelve months by contractually
assured obligations with option character (especially real estate).
Reserve risk is the risk of additional charges being incurred on the
portfolio of loans already in default through the creation of
additional loan loss provisions. Allowance is made for this risk
when considering risk-bearing capacity by means of a risk buffer.
The results of the risk-bearing capacity analysis are shown using
the risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio), indicating the excess of
the risk coverage potential in relation to the economically required
capital.

The risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly
at Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as
long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2016, the RBC ratio
was consistently above 100% and stood at 178% on 31 December
2016. The decrease in the RBC ratio compared with December
2015 is mainly due to the enhancements of the market risk
methods as well as the market-related developments in the Public
Finance portfolio. Although the RBC ratio has fallen since
31 December 2015, it still remains at a high level.

97

Group Risk Report


--- Page 50 ---

Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Table 16
Risk-bearing capacity Group | €bn 31.12.2016 31.12.2015
Economic risk coverage potential" 30 30
Economically required capital? 7 15
thereof for default risk 11 11
thereof for market risk 5 3
thereof for operational risk 2 2
thereof diversification effects =2 2
RBC ratio? 178% 193%

* Including deductible amounts for business risk.

? Including property value change risk, risk of unlisted investments and reserve risk,
which are not shown separately in the table.

° RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer).

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject to
an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basis. The
development of the regulatory environment is also taken into
account.

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the
risk-bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in
the economic environment. The scenarios on which they are based
take into account the interdependence in development between
the real and financial economies and extend over a time horizon of
at least two years. They are updated quarterly and approved by the
Asset Liability Committee (ALCO). The scenarios describe an
extraordinary but plausible adverse development in the economy,
focusing in particular on portfolio priorities and business
strategies of relevance to Commerzbank. The scenario simulation
is run monthly using the input parameters of the economic capital
requirements calculation for all material and quantifiable risk
types. In addition to the capital required, the profit and loss
calculation is also subjected to a stress test based on the macro-
economic scenarios. Based on this, changes in the risk coverage
potential are simulated. Whereas the RBC ratio is embedded into
Commerzbank’s limit system, guidelines for risk-bearing capacity
are set as an early warning system in the stressed environment.
The ongoing monitoring of the limits and guidelines is a key part
of internal reporting. Defined escalations are triggered if the limit
is breached.

In addition to the regular stress tests, “reverse stress tests” are
implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress testing,
the result of the simulation — a sustained threat to the Bank — is
determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process in the
reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-specific
risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and assessing
extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for instance, action
fields in risk management including the regular stress tests can be
identified and taken into account in the ongoing development
efforts.

In 2016, the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerz-
bank’s business activities decreased from €198bn to €191bn.

The table below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-
weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:

Table 17

Risk-weighted assets Default Market Operatio- |

as at 31.12.2016 | €bn risk risk nal risk

Private and Small-

Business Customers 28 1 7 36

Corporate Clients 84 10 12 105

Others and Consolidation 22 4 3 29

Asset & Capital Recovery 13 5 2 21
Commercial Real Estate 0 2 4
Ship Finance 5 0 0 5
Public Finance 6 5 0 1

Group 147 20 24 191

Regulatory environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
published among other things comprehensive rules on the
components of shareholders’ equity and ratios as well as the
management of liquidity risk. The Capital Requirements Directive
and Regulation (CRD-IV) package of measures, constituting the
European implementation of Basel 3, has been in force since
1 January 2014. The more stringent capital requirements will be
phased in by 2019. Since then, numerous supplementary regula-
tions have been published by the European Banking Authority
(EBA) in particular, and these will now gradually enter into force in
2017 and in subsequent years. Commerzbank has prepared itself
for the more stringent capital adequacy requirements by taking a
number of steps.

In addition, under Basel 3 the leverage ratio is being intro-
duced as a new and non-risk-sensitive debt ratio. Final calibration
of the leverage ratio by the Basel Committee on Banking Super-
vision is intended to be completed in 2017, and the ratio is
scheduled to become a minimum supervisory requirement under
pillar 1 from 2018 onwards.

However, there has been a requirement to report the leverage
ratio to the supervisory authority since the Capital Requirements
Regulation (CRR) entered into force. Commerzbank has set its own
leverage ratio targets and applies them in its capital management
process.

The phasing in of capital buffers is a significant feature of the
Basel 3 revision. The capital conservation buffer, the buffer for
other systemically relevant institutions and the anti-cyclical capital
buffer, which was set initially by BaFin at 0% for German
exposure, apply from 1 January 2016 onwards. The buffer for


--- Page 51 ---

To our S|

Corporate Responsibility Management

other systemically relevant institutions was set by BaFin for
Commerzbank at 0.5% for 2017.

Liquidity risk is to be monitored by means of the liquidity
coverage ratio (LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The
LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015 and is binding on all
European banks. The final version of the NSFR, approved by the
Basel Committee in October 2014, is expected to enter into force
on 1 January 2018. The NSFR is due to be transposed into
European law as part of the Capital Requirements Regulation II
(CRR I). Commerzbank is already calculating both ratios as part of
its regulatory reporting processes, communicating them in its
internal reporting and reporting them to the supervisory authority.

The principles for risk data aggregation and internal risk
reporting in banks, published by the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision in early 2013, were implemented in prior years as part
of a Group-wide project in Commerzbank. In the reporting year,
the European Central Bank (ECB) started a thematic review of
application of these principles by selected banks. This, together
with the expected inclusion of the principles in the new MaRisk,
may give rise to other activities. Synergies generated by it will be
used for the Group-wide project, started in 2015, to implement
“AnaCredit”. This is a European Central Bank (ECB) initiative
under which banks will in future be required to report a host of
very detailed data on customers and loans. A first, partial report is
to be submitted to the Bundesbank in the third or fourth quarter of
2017. The ECB’s official initial stage begins on 31 March 2018;
further stages may follow two years after the respective ECB
decision.

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the
eurozone banks directly subject to it, has conducted the Super-
visory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and _ specified
individual minimum capital requirements for each bank for 2017.

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in
force since mid-2014. It was transposed into German law in the
form of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und
Abwicklungsgesetz, SAG). Based on this law, the Financial Market
Stabilisation Authority (FMSA), as the national resolution agency,

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

93 Executive summary 2016
94. Risk-oriented overall bank management
ult risk

t risk

took over responsibility for the drafting of resolution plans and the
resolution of German banks with effect from 1 January 2015.
Responsibility for the drafting of resolution plans and the
resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB was transferred
to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels with effect from
1 January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks started to fund
the Single Resolution Fund.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in 2016 to reflect
the regulatory requirements. The recovery plan describes in detail
for instance the courses of action and recovery potential available
to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific recovery
measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the Bank to
complete its recovery. As the European and German regulations
and requirements are finalised, the Bank will further develop its
recovery plan accordingly.

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national and
supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the
overarching requirements imposed by accounting standards.
Changes in regulatory requirements and accounting standards
have significantly grown in frequency and materiality in recent
years. They may have lasting implications for the financial industry
in general and Commerzbank’s business model in particular.
Commerzbank participates actively and at an early stage in the
consultation processes aimed at preparing for the constant
changes in the operating environment. It also monitors and
evaluates current developments as regards future regulatory
projects. Specific examples of these at global level are the final
standards for revising capital requirements for market risks now
published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and the
work on finalising the rules on interest rate risks in the banking
book and revising the framework for operational risks and credit
risks, including the associated floor rules and disclosure
requirements. At European level, Commerzbank will monitor the
European Commission initiatives to introduce a European deposit
insurance scheme and establish a capital markets union, and in
particular the associated EU securitisation framework.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 52 ---

Group Risk Report

100

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Default risk

Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits
foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable
material risk and includes the material sub-risk types of credit
default risk, issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer
risk, dilution risk and reserve risk.

Strategy and organisation

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks
and is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the
ICAAP process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link
between the Bank’s overall risk management across all risk types
and the operationalisation of default risk management. The
overriding aim is to ensure the adequate structural risk quality of
the credit portfolio. To this end, the credit risk strategy defines the
credit risk tolerance, specifies risk strategy priorities, provides an

overview of the material credit risk management concepts and
thereby plays an integral part in maintaining the Group’s risk-
bearing capacity. The credit risk strategy makes use of quantitative
and qualitative management tools that give deci:
guidance on both portfolio management and decisions in specific
cases. Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with
regard to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-
default contributions (concentration management) and for selected
sub-portfolios. Detailed arrangements for operationalising the
guidelines for selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate
portfolio policies. In addition, qualitative management guidelines
in the form of credit policies define the target business of the
Bank. At the level of individual transactions, they regulate the
transaction type with which the risk resources provided are to be
used. These credit policies are firmly embedded in the credit
process: transactions which do not meet the requirements are

ion-makers clear

escalated through a fixed competence regulation.

The responsibilities are separated between the performing loan
area on the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. Based
hereupon, discrete back-office areas are responsible for
operational credit risk management on a portfolio and an
individual case basis.

All credit decisions in the performing loan area are risk/return
decisions. The front and back office take joint responsibility for
risk and return from an exposure, with the front office having
primary responsibility for the return, and the back office for the
risk. Accordingly, neither office can be overruled in its primary

responsibility in the lending process.

Higher-risk Core Bank customers are handled by specialist
Intensive Care areas. The customers are moved to these areas as
soon as they meet defined criteria for assignment or mandatory
transfer. The principal reasons for assignment to Intensive Care
areas are criteria relating to number of days overdrawn, together
with event-related criteria such as rating, third-party enforcement
measures or credit fraud. Intensive Care decides on further action
based on the circumstances of individual cases. Customers must be
transferred to Intensive Care if they are in default (for example due
to insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that higher-risk
customers can continue to be managed promptly by speci:
manner appropriate to the
standardised processes.

In the ACR segment, by contrast, there is no separation of
responsibilities between the performing loan area and Intensive

ists ina

risks involved and in defined

Care. Credit risk management here has been merged into one unit
across all rating classes.

The aim is to fully wind down all the assets grouped in this
segment in a way that preserves value. To this end, EaD-based
guidelines have been established and an asset management
programme has been implemented. This is carried out through
regular asset planning. The main aim here is to prioritise the
winding down or reduction of those parts of the portfolio and
individual loans for which the capital requirement is particularly
high. Opportunities for selling sub-portfolios in a way that pre-
serves value may also be used to free up capital as part of the
systematic portfolio reduction. For business in Public Finance, the
reduction is primarily through regular maturities of assets. Market
opportunities that arise are used in a targeted way for the sale of
individual assets.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system. The management framework comprises an
organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are
managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on overarching Group objectives. They
are enhanced at downstream levels by sub-portfolio and product
specifics. Risk-based credit approval regulations focus manage-
ment attention in the highest decision-making bodies on issues
such as risk concentrations or deviations from the risk strategy.


--- Page 53 ---

To our Shareh

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Operational credit risk management still aims to preserve the
good portfolio quality achieved. It focuses on supporting growth in
granular lending business and on limiting risks with regard to
poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-default
The Bank also
continually carries out checks of its credit processes to identify

contributions (concentration management).
possible improvement measures. The concern is not only to
provide staff with ongoing training and development, but also to
reinforce a uniform risk culture throughout the Group and in
particular to increase compliance awareness.

Commerzbank’s rating and scoring methods, which are used
for all key credit portfolios, form the basis for measuring default
risks. Both the calibration of the probabilities of default assigned
to individual counterparties or loans and the calculation of loss
ratios are based on an analysis of historical data from the
Commerzbank portfolio.

Country risk management is based on the definition of risk
limits as well as country-specific strategies for achieving a desired
target portfolio.

Back-office activities in domestic corporate customer business
are organised by industry sector, which makes it possible to
directly identify issues at sub-portfolio level and implement
appropriate measures at individual loan level. This organisation by
sector ensures the effectiveness and efficiency of preventative
measures and enhances forecasting quality in respect of the
development of risk.

Potential negative developments and constantly changing
regulatory requirements make responsive credit portfolio manage-
ment essential, and so ensuring that the credit portfolio is

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

itive summary 2016

94
100 Default risk

arket risk

sufficiently flexible is another key action field in credit risk
management. In addition, crisis events may pose a risk to the
adequacy of the Bank’s capital and liquidity resources and thereby
to its risk-bearing capacity. Examples include exceptionally large
government, bank and/or company defaults, but also extreme
trends in sectors, currencies and commodity prices, as well as the
impact of sanctions, war and terror. In a crisis, the Risk Mitigation
Task Force (RMTF) will manage decisions flexibly in a coordi-
nated, Group-wide process. As part of the process, emergency
action plans will ensure that risk-mitigation measures, tailored to
the type of risk, are implemented quickly and efficiently.

Management of economic capital commitment

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that
the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. With this object
in view, all risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk
capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a
CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted
options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is
important to take account of expected trends (medium-term and
long-term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast
values of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing
management. At segment and business area level, changes to
forecasts are monitored and adjustments made when necessary.
There is no cascaded limit concept for credit risk below Group
level, ie. the Group credit limit is not allocated to segments or
business areas.

101

Group Risk Report


--- Page 54 ---

Group Risk Report

102

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Figure 7

Overview of management instruments and levels

Risk strategies
and policies

Limit and
guideline systems

Portfolio monitoring
and reporting

Structures of organisation
and committees

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
significant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

Definition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
management

Additional definition of
guidelines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type specific

Group formats (including
flash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across all risk types

Retaining qualified staff in
ine with progressive product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

v

Mi

Clear formulation of risk
policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authori-
ties based on compliance of

transactions with the Bank’s

risk policy

Performance metrics on
level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
performance metrics

using sub-portfolio-specific
indicators

Portfolio batches as per
established portfolio calendar

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP)

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and reporting lines

Interdisciplinary composition
of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit authority
regulations with

clear escalation processes

Limitation of bulk risk
and uniform management
according to model-
independent all-in definition

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom-
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
‘aking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business



--- Page 55 ---

To our Sharehi Corporate Responsibility

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
loans not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and five default classes (6.1 to 6.5).
The Commerzbank master scale allocates a non-overlapping range
of probabilities of default that are stable over time to each rating
class. The rating methods are validated and recalibrated annually
so that they reflect the latest projection based on all actual
observed defaults. The default ranges assigned to the ratings are
the same for all portfolios. This ensures internal comparability
consistent with the master scale method. For the purpose of

Figure 8
Commerzbank master scale

Management Re

port Risk Report Financial Sta urther Information

summary 2016

94
100

guidance, the Commerzbank master scale also shows external
ratings as well as credit quality steps in accordance with Article
136 CRR. However, a direct reconciliation is not possible, because
external ratings of different portfolios show fluctuating default
rates from year to year.

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the
committees (full Board of Managing Directors, credit committee,
credit sub-committees) are graduated by a range of factors in-
cluding size of exposure and rating class.

S&P scale Credit quality steps
in accordance with
Article 136 CRR"

1.0 0 0 7 A

AAA > AAA
1.2 0.01 0-0.02 id I
14 0.02 0.02-0.03 AA+

> AA =

16 0.04 0.03-0.05, AA, AA-
1.8 0.07 0.05-0.08 A+, A > A - " Investment
2.0 0.11 0.08-0.13 A- grade
2.2 0.17 0.13-0.21 BBB+ 7 7
2.4 0.26 0.21-0.31

BBB > BBB ul
2.6 0.39 0.31-0.47
2.8 0.57 0.47-0.68 BBB- a Y
3.0 0.81 0.68-0.96 BB+ 7 7 A
3.2 114 0.96-1.34

BB > BB Iv
3.4 1.56 1.34-1.81
3.6 2.10 1.81-2.40 BB- a
3.8 2.74 2.40-3.10 7 7

B+
4.0 3.50 3.10-3.90
4.2 4.35 3.90-4.86

Non-investment

4.4 5.42 4.86-6.04 B > 8B >v grade
4.6 6.74 6.04-7.52
4.8 8.39 7.52-9.35 3
5.0 10.43 9.35-11.64 a
5.2 12.98 11.64-14.48 7 7

ccc,
5.4 16.15 14.48-18.01 ccc,

ccc, ccc, > vi
5.6 20.09 18.01-22.41 cc, ¢

cc, c
5.8 47.34 22.41-99.99 J Y
6.1 >90 days past due
6.2 Imminent insolvency
63 Restructuring with recapitalisation D Default
6.4 Termination without insolvency
6.5 Insolvency

1 CRR = Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013

103

Group Risk Report


--- Page 56 ---

Group Risk Report

104

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Management of risk concentrations

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for
loss in the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition to
exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default
risk also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-
specific features are taken into account here.

A uniform definition based on “all-in” is used to manage bulk
risk. The all-in concept comprises all customer credit lines
approved by the Bank in their full amount — irrespective of the loan
utilisation to date.

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.

Risk mitigation

As at 31 December 2016, the collateral taken into account in
Group risk management totalled €96.7bn for positions in the
performing book and €2.3bn for positions in the default portfolio.
The collateral mainly relates to mortgages on owner-occupied and
buy-to-let residential property and on commercial properties and
various forms of guarantees. The ship finance portfolio is mostly
backed by ship mortgages.

Commerzbank Group

Due to the success of the reduction in the former Non-Core Assets
(NCA) segment Commerzbank has set up a new segment structure
in the first quarter of 2016 and has reorganised the allocation of
capital. High-quality, low-risk portfolios in the value of about €8bn
from commercial real estate financing and ship financing have
been transferred to the former Mittelstandsbank segment. The
remaining mortgage loan portfolio of around €2bn was transferred
to former Private Customers segment. Group Treasury in the
Others and Consolidation segment took over most of the Public
Finance portfolio of about €36bn. The criteria for the transfer of
assets were good credit quality, low earnings volatility and
suitability for the liquidity portfolio. The remaining assets of
originally around €18bn were transferred to the new Asset &
Capital Recovery (ACR) segment.

At the end of September, Commerzbank presented its new
strategic program “Commerzbank 4.0”. Its business will be
focused on two customer segments, “Private and Small-Business
Customers” and “Corporate Clients”. The Mittelstandsbank and
Corporates & Markets segments were consolidated into a single
unit and trading activities in investment banking were scaled back.

In the following report the previous year’s comparative figures
have been adjusted to the new segment structure.

Credit risk parameters
The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are
distributed in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as

follows:

Table 18
Credit risk Exposure Expected Risk CvaR
parameters at default loss density
as at 31.12.2016 €bn €m bp €m
Private and
Small-Business
Customers 140 300 21 2,171
Corporate Clients 195 548 28 5,897
Others and
Consolidation 81 103 13 1,974
Asset & Capital
Recovery 14 343 239 797
Group 431 1,294 30 10,839

When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 82% of the Group's
portfolio is in the internal rating classes 1 and 2, which comprise
investment grade.

Table 19

Rating
breakdown

as at 31.12.2016
EaD | %

1.0-1.8 2.0-28 3.0-3.8 4.0-4.8 5.0-5.8

Private and
Small-Business.
Customers 33 50 13 3 1

Corporate Clients 21 57 17 4 2

Others and
Consolidation 54 42 4 0 0

Asset & Capital
Recovery 4 58 8 16 15

Group 30 52 13 3 2

The Group’s country risk calculation records both transfer risks
and region-specific event risks defined by political and economic
events which impact on the individual economic entities of a
country. Country risks are managed on the basis of defined credit
risk and transfer risk limits at country level. Country exposures
which are significant for Commerzbank due to their size, and
exposures in countries in which Commerzbank holds significant
investments in comparison to the GDP of those countries are

handled by the Strategic Risk Committee on a separate basi

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global
business activities.


--- Page 57 ---

To ou s Corporate Responsibility Risk Report Financia ments urther Information
93 Executive si 016
94 Risk-orier rall bank managemer
100 Default risk
2 Market ris!
uidity ris!
9 Other risk
Table 20 loss provisions of between €450m and €600m for ship financing.
Group portfolio Exposure at Expected Risk In the event of a huge, unexpected deterioration in geopolitical or
by region default loss density economic conditions, or in the case of defaults of large individual
esa SLBANIS im Gm aD customers, significantly higher loan loss provisions may become
Germany 220 403 18 necessary.
Western Europe 99 224 23
Central and Eastern Table 21
Europe 38 165 43
North America 30 52 7 Loan loss provisions | €m 2016 2015
Asia 26 nM 16 Private and Small-Business Customers 119 167
Other 16 409 249 Corporate Clients 185 108
Group 431 1,294 30 Others and Consolidation -3 60
Asset & Capital Recovery 599 361
Group 900 696

Around half of the Bank’s exposure relates to Germany, another
third to other countries in Europe and 7% to North America. The
rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large number of

countries where we serve German exporters in particular or where
Commerzbank has a local presence. The expected loss of the
Group portfolio is mainly divided between Germany and Western
Europe. A main driver of the expected loss in the region “Other” is
ship finance.

In view of the current geopolitical development, national
economies as Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and China are closely
monitored. As at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016, exposure to
Russia was €2.9bn, exposure to Ukraine was €0.1bn, exposure to
Turkey was €2.2bn and exposure to China was €3.9bn.

Also, as a result of the debt crisis, the sovereign exposures of
Italy and Spain are still closely monitored. As at the end of the
fourth quarter of 2016, Commerzbank’s Italian sovereign exposure
was €9.5bn, while its Spanish sovereign exposure was €3.6bn.

Loan loss provisions
Loan loss provisions relating to the Group’s lending business in
2016 amounted to €900m. This figure includes a one-off charge of
€28m net arising from the regular annual update of risk
parameters. Loan loss provisions were €204m above the previous
year’s level.

Write-downs on securities are not recognised in loan loss
provisions but in net investment income. Note (36) to the consoli-
dated financial statements gives further details on this.

The anticipated year-on-year increase in loan loss provisions is
due to the ongoing difficult environment for ship financing. We
expect additional loan loss provisions to also be required in 2017.
At the same time, reversals of loan loss provisions in the Corporate
Clients portfolio, which remained significant in 2016, will
continue to reduce. Loan loss provisions for 2017 in the Private
and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients segments
are likely to be at the same level as in 2016. We anticipate loan

Default portfolio
The default portfolio stood at €6.9bn as at the end of 2016,
representing an overall decrease of €0.2bn compared with the
previous year.

The following table shows claims in default in the category
LaR:

Table 22

| 31.12.2016 31.12.2015

Default portfolio Group | €m

Default volume 6,914 7,124
SLLP 3,243 3,371
GLLP 673 800
Collaterals 2,256 2,556
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%)" 80 83
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%)! 89 94
NPL ratio (%)? 16 16

* Coverage ratio: total of risk provisions, collateral (and GLLP) as a proportion of the
default volume

? NPL ratio: default volume (non-performing loans ~ NPL) as a proportion of total
exposure (EaD including NPL).

The default portfolio is divided into five classes based on the
nature of the default:

«Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due.

e Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Imminent insolvency, or the Bank is
assisting in financial rescue/restructuring measures at the
customer with restructuring contributions.

e Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Bank recalls the loan and the
customer has become insolvent respectively.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio
based on the five default classes:

Group Risk Report


--- Page 58 ---

Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Table 23

Rating classification
as at 31.12.2016 | €m

6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 |

Default volume 685 3,116 3,112 6,914
SLLP 162 1,389 1,692 3,243
Collaterals 423 965 868 2,256
Coverage ratio excl. GLLP (%) 85 76 82 80

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-
past-due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts
on the first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows
overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at
default as at end of December 2016.

Table 24
EaD >0530 >30<60 >60<90 >90
€m days days days days
Private and
Small-Business
Customers 618 57 27 2 703
Corporate
Clients 1,733 46 62 1 1,842
Asset & Capital
Recovery 554 2 7 0 573
Group’ 2,998 105 106 3 3,211

* Including Others and Consolidation.

Private and Small-Business Customers segment

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment comprises the
activities of Private Customers, Small-Business Customers,
comdirect bank and Commerz Real. mBank is shown with the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment. Private Customers
includes Commerzbank’s branch business in Germany for private
customers as well as Wealth Management. Small-Business
Customers contains business customers and small corporate
customers.

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied
home financing and the financing of real estate capital invest-
ments (residential mortgage loans and investment properties with
a total EaD of €67bn). We provide our business and small-

business customers with credit in the form of individual loans
with a volume of €18bn. In addition, we meet our customers’ day-
to-day demand for credit with consumer loans (consumer and
instalment loans, credit cards, to a total of €9bn). The portfolio’s
expansion in 2016 was largely the result of consistent growth in

residential mortgage loans.

The year-on-year decline in risk density by 3 basis points to
21 basis points was mainly due to Private Customers and mBank.

Table 25

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk

as at 31.12.2016 at default loss density
€bn €m bp

Private Customers 84 106 13

Business Customers 24 61 26

comdirect bank 3 7 23

Commerz Real 1 2 39

mBank 29 124 42

Private and Small-Business

Customers 140 300 21

Loan loss provisions in the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment further fell by €48m year-on-year to €119m. The
historically low loan loss provisions for the Private Customers
segment were the driver for this reduction as well as a by €15m
lower loan loss provisions of mBank.

Along the lines of the positive development of the loan loss
provisions the default volume in the segment decreased by €226m
to €1,737m compared with 31 December 2015.

Table 26

Default portfolio 31.12.2015
Private and Small-Business

Customers | €m

Default volume 1,737 1,963
SLLP 834 945,
GLLP 155, 168
Collaterals 675, 736
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 87 86
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 96 94
NPL ratio (%) 1.2 15

Corporate Clients segment

s with mid-size

This segment comprises the Group's acti
corporate clients, the public sector, institutional customers and
multinationals. The segment is also responsible for the Group's
relationships with banks and financial institutions in Germany and
abroad, as well as with central banks. The regional focus of our
activities is Germany and the rest of western Europe.

The Group’s customer-driven capital markets activities remain
within this segment.


--- Page 59 ---

S Corporate Responsibility

Table 27

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected

as at 31.12.2016 at default loss

€bn €m
Mittelstand 85 192
International Corporates 65 129 20
Financial Institutions 30 129 43
Equity Markets &
Commodities 4 4 10
Other "1 94 86
Corporate Clients 195 548 28

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment decreased from €205bn.
to €195bn compared to 31 December of the previous year. Risk
density was 28 basis points.

The economic environment in Germany remains _ stable.
However, 2016 was dominated in part by greater political
uncertainty, particularly with the referendum in the UK on whether
the country should leave the EU and with the US presidential
elections. The heightened uncertainty was reflected in market price
volatility, which was severe in some cases but did not have a major
impact on our credit portfolio.

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions
portfolio, please see page 109.

Loan loss provisions in the Corporate Clients segment were still
at a low level with €185m although significantly higher than the
previous year’s figure of €108m which was largely affected by
reversals of loan loss provisions.

The default volume of the segment increased by €511m
compared to the end of 2015. The rise was mainly due to the
default of a few large individual customers.

pe 31.12.2015

Table 28

Default portfolio
Corporate Clients | €m

Default volume 3,363 2,852
SLLP 1,563 1,592
GLLP 323 371
Collaterals 780 429
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 70 71
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 79 84
NPL ratio (%) 1.7 1.4

Risk Report Finan ments urther Information
93 Executiv
94 Risk-orier

100 Default risk
arket

At the end of December 2016, the volume of new investments
entered into since 2014 in the Structured Credit area was slightly
below the year-end 2015 level, at €2.4bn overall. In general, we
have traditionally invested in bonds of senior tranches of
securitisation transactions in the consumer (auto) ABS, UK RMBS.
and CLO asset classes, which show a robust structure and a
moderate risk profile.

During 2016, the volume of the Structured Credit positions,
which were already in the portfolio prior to 2014, decreased by
€3.5bn to a total of €2.4bn (December 2015: €5.9bn) and risk
values! by €0.7bn to €1.0bn (December 2015: €1.7bn). As before,
a large part of the portfolio was made up of CDOs (€1.2bn). Total
return swap positions with a volume of €2.8bn matured in 2016
and were repaid in full.

Asset & Capital Recovery segment

After the re-segmentation in the first quarter of 2016 the Asset &
Capital Recovery segment comprises positions of the portfolios in
the areas of Commercial Real Estate (CRE) and Ship Finance (SF)
and complex financings from the Public Finance area. The
intention is that all the portfolios in this segment should be
completely wound down over time.

EaD for the segment in the performing loan book totalled
€14bn as at 31 December 2016, €1.9bn lower than at the end of
2015.

Table 29

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk
as at 31.12.2016 at Default loss density

€bn €m bp
Commercial Real Estate 2 33 174
Ship Finance 4 288 820
Public Finance 9 22 24
Asset & Capital Recovery 14 343 239

Commercial Real Estate
The portfolio further decreased due to redemptions and
repayments. Due to recoveries in the default portfolio the
perfoming portfolio decreased only minimally to €1.9bn. There
were no major developments on the risk side. Risk density fell to
174 basis points.

Stable market conditions are expected for the short to medium
term.

" Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions it comprises the nominal value of the reference

instrument less the net present value of the credit derivative.

Group Risk Report


--- Page 60 ---

Group Risk Report

108

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Ship Finance
Compared with 31 December 2015, ship finance exposure in the
performing loan book was reduced by €1.5bn in line with our
reduction strategy.

Our portfolio is mainly made up of the following three standard
types of ship: container ships, tankers and bulkers. The rest of the

portfolio consists of various special tonnages which are well

diversified across the various ship segments.

Public Finance
The Public Finance sub-portfolio in the ACR segment is largely
made up of exposures with credit quality ranging from satisfactory
to good, some of them with very long maturities and complex
structures, to local authorities in the UK (€4.7bn EaD), a private
finance initiative (PFI) portfolio (€2.7bn EaD) with a regional focus
on the UK and further Public Finance debtors, predominantly in
the USA (€1.6bn EaD).

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is
dependent on political, economic and monetary developments,
particularly in Europe and the USA.

Loan loss provisions in the ACR segment stood at €599m,
representing a rise of €238m compared with the previous year.
The rise was almost completely due to the shipping portfolio.
Ongoing declining charter rates, the decreasing liquidity of the ship
owners and limited resaleability led to new defaults as well as to
need for higher loan loss provisions for already defaulted
engagements. A comprehensive and sustainable improvement of
the difficult environment is not expected for 2017 either.

Table 30
Commercial Real Estate 42 36
Ship Finance 559 325
Public Finance =I 0
Asset & Capital Recovery 599 361

Despite further inflows in the ship finance portfolio, the default
volume decreased further by €394m in 2016 compared with 2015.
The fall was mainly due to recoveries and repayments in the
Commercial Real Estate area.

Table 31
Default portfolio ACR | €m ACR CRE SF ACR CRE SF
Default volume 1,805 562 1,243 2,199 1,038 1,160
SLLP 838 210 628 733 193 540
GLLP 192 20 172 262 45 213
Collaterals 800 334 466 1,390 787 604
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 91 97 88 97 94 99
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 101 101 102 108 99 117
NPL ratio (%) 11.2 22.7 26.2 11.9 33.0 18.9



--- Page 61 ---

rate Responsibili A

ur Shareholde meni

Further portfolio analyses

The analyses below are independent of the existing segment
allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the

Group and segment presentations above.

urther Information

Risk Report Financial Statement

Executive summary 2¢
2 arier a nanagemer
100 Default risk

t

Corporates portfolio by sector
A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown

below:

Table 32

Corporates portfolio by sector as at 31.12.2016 Exposure at default Expected loss Risk density

€bn €m bp
Energy supply/Waste management 7 38 22
Consumption 15 40 27
Technology/Electrical industry 12 26 22
Transport/Tourism 12 27 22
Wholesale 12 40 34
Basic materials/Metals 1 38 36
Chemicals/Plastics 10 39 39
Mechanical engineering 10 31 32
Services/Media 9 30 32
Automotive 9 21 23
Pharmaceutical/Healthcare 5 13 25
Construction 5 15 34
Other 5 6 12
Total 131 364 28

Financial Institutions portfolio
The focus remains - after the reduction in the number of our
correspondent banks — on the trade finance activities that we carry
out on behalf of our corporate clients and on capital market
activities.

We are keeping a close watch on the impact of regulatory
requirements on banks. In this context, our strategy is to reduce

the exposure which might absorb losses in the case of a bail-in.

We are keeping a close eye on developments in some emerging

markets with individual issues such as recessions, embargoes or

certain dependencies on the price of oil, and have responded with

flexible portfolio management that is tailored to the individual
situation of each country.
Overall, our risk appetite is geared to keeping the portfolio as

responsive as possible.

Table 33

FI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density —_at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 6 6 "1 5 6 12
Western Europe 7 21 12 20 46 23
Central and Eastern Europe 5 21 3 5 23 48
North America 2 3 15 2 3 7
Asia 10 27 27 13 36 28
Other 6 36 58 8 32 3
Total 46 114 25 52 146 28

109

Group Risk Report


--- Page 62 ---

Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio

The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly
comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds
and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on
Germany, Western Europe and the United States.

We carry out new business in the interests of our institutional
customers, with a focus on attractive opportunities with customers
with good credit ratings. We manage our portfolios with the aim of
ensuring their high quality and responsiveness.

Table 34

NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density —_at default loss density

€bn €m bp €bn €m bp

Germany 7 26 15 16 23 14
Western Europe 12 24 20 15 48 33
Central and Eastern Europe 1 65 1 3 58
North America 8 10 14 8 5 6
Asia 1 1 1 1 2 16
Other 1 1 14 2 1 8
Total 39 67 7 43 83 19

Originator positions

Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from
loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of €6.1bn,
primarily for capital management purposes.

Table 35

As at the reporting date 31 December 2016, risk exposures
with a value of €5.7bn were retained. By far the largest portion of
these positions is accounted for by €5.6bn of senior tranches,
which are nearly all rated good or very good.

Commerzbank volume’

Securitisation pool Maturity Senior Mezzanine _ First loss piece aa Total volume’
€bn 31.12.2015,
Corporates 2025 - 2036 5.6 <0.1 0.1 6.1 4.1
RMBS 2048 0.0 0.0 0.0 <0.1 0.1
CMBS 2046 0.0 0.0 0.0 <0.1 <0.1
Total 5.6 <0.1 0.1 6.1 4.2

 Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures
Commerzbank is the sponsor of the multiseller asset-backed
commercial paper conduit Silver Tower. It uses it to securitise
receivables, in particular trade and leasing receivables, from
customers in the Corporate Clients segment. The transactions are
financed predominantly through the issue of asset-backed
commercial papers (ABCPs) or through the drawing of credit lines
(liquidity lines). The volume and risk values in the Silver Tower
conduit increased sharply by €0.9bn year-on-year in 2016, due to
new deals and increases in existing transactions, and as at
31 December 2016 stood at €4.1bn.

Liquidity risks from ABS transactions are modelled
conservatively in the internal liquidity risk model. Firstly, a worst-
case assumption is made that Commerzbank has to take on the
funding of a major part of the purchase facili

‘s provided to its
special purpose vehicles within the scope of the Silver Tower

conduit. Secondly, the Bank’s holdings of securitisation

transactions only qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for
rediscount at the European Central Bank. These positions are only
included in the liquidity risk calculation after applying

conservative discounts.


--- Page 63 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise govern-
ment-guaranteed ABSs issued by Commerzbank Finance & Covered
Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in Germany. In 2016, the volume
was €5.3bn (December 2015: €4.7bn) and risk values were €5.2bn
(December 2015: €4.6bn), both slightly up year-on-year.

Forbearance portfolio

In 2013 the European Banking Authority (EBA) introduced a new
definition of “forbearance”. The EBA’s definition of forbearance
comprises two requirements, which have to be met concurrently:
The debtor is in financial difficulties and the measures of the bank
to help the debtor include concessions to the debtor that the bank
would not have agreed to under different circumstances. This
definition applies irrespective of whether the debtor is in the
performing or the non-performing portfolio. Examples of
concessions include deferrals, increases in limits or loans and
waivers in connection with restructuring.

The definition of forbearance applies independently from
whether the debtor is in the performing or the non-performing
portfolio. Whereas in the non-performing portfolio a high LLP
coverage is ensured by GLLP as well as by SLLP, for engagements
in the performing portfolio only GLLP is used. The result is a
significantly lower LLP coverage for the forbearance portfolio than
for the default portfolio.

The forbearance portfolio is already completely included in the
previous representations of the performing book and the default
portfolio.

The following table shows the total forbearance portfolio of
Commerzbank on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the
loan loss provision for these positions:

ments urther Information

100 Default risk
2 Market

Table 36

Forbearance portfolio Forborne _Loan loss LLP

by segment exposure allowance’ _—_coverage

as at 31.12.2016 ratio
€m €m %

Private and Small-

Business Customers 1,126 129 "

Corporate Clients 3,923 524 13

Asset & Capital

Recovery 2,633 495 19

Group 7,682 1,148 15

* SLLP and GLLP.

The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

Table 37
Forbearance portfolio Forborne _Loan loss LLP
by region exposure allowance —_ coverage
as at 31.12.2016 ratio
€m €m %
Germany 4,680 546 12
Western Europe 1,681 382 23
Central and Eastern
Europe 589 154 26
North America 25 <1 0
Asia 72 15 21
Other 635, 50 8
Group 7,682 1,148 15

In addition to the loan loss provisions in the amount of €1,148m,
the risks of the forbearance portfolio are covered by collateral in
the amount of €1,731m.

111

Group Risk Report


--- Page 64 ---

Group Risk Report

112

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes
in market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,
exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect
prices such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact
profit or loss directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions.
However, for banking book positions they are reflected in the
revaluation reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Strategy and organisation

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It
sets targets risk management
Commerzbank’s main business activities. The core market risk

for market in relation to
management tasks are the identification of all key market risks and
drivers of market risk for the Group and the independent
measurement and evaluation of these. The results and estimates
serve as the basis for risk/return-oriented management.

The Board of Managing Directors
responsible for ensuring the effective management of market risk
throughout the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority
and responsibility in relation to market risk management have
been assigned to the appropriate market risk committees.

Within the Bank, various market risk committees have been
established. In

of Commerzbank is

these, segment
representatives from the risk function and finance area, discuss
current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate action.
Chaired by the risk function, the Group Market Risk Committee,
which meets monthly, deals with the Commerzbank Group’s market
risk position. Discussions centre on the monthly market risk report
which is also presented to the Board of Managing Directors for
their consideration. The report summarises the latest developments

representatives, along with

on financial markets, the Bank’s positioning and subsequent risk
ratios. The Segment Market Risk Committee, which focuses on the
trading-intensive Corporate Clients and Treasury areas, meets once
a week. This committee also manages market risks arising from
non-core activities (Asset & Capital Recovery).

The risk management process involves the identification,
measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk
management, which is independent of trading activities. Central
market risk management is complemented by decentralised
market risk management units at segment level and for regional
units and subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local
risk management with the business units means that the risk

management process starts in the trading areas themselves. The
trading units are responsible the active
management of market risk positions, e.g. reduction measures or

hedging.

in particular for

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative
tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios
on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive
rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well
as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the
weighting of figures in each segment by reference to their
relevance. Thereby allowance is made for the varying impact of
the parameters for the management of the segments in line with
the business strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in the segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market price
risk are determined by the market risk committees by reference to
the Group’s management of economic capital. The utilisation of
these limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is
reported daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the
responsible heads of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative
analyses and quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies
potential future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in
collaboration with the finance function, and draws up proposals
for further action, which are discussed with the market units.
Voting on the proposed measures or risk positions takes place in
the above-mentioned market risk committees and is subsequently
submitted to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

Risk concentrations are restricted directly with specific limits or
are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by
targeted measures, such as limits.


--- Page 65 ---

orate Responsibility

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate
escalation procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the
front office and risk units design measures to bring the respective
portfolio back within the limit. If the limit breach cannot be
remedied within a few days, it will be escalated by the market risk
function to the next hierarchical level.

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic
risk-bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These
include, for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge
(IRC).

In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk
are covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. For regulatory purposes, additional stand-alone
management of the trading book is carried out (in accordance with
regulatory requirements, including currency and commodity risks
in the banking book). In order to provide a consistent presentation
in this report, all figures relating to the VaR are based on a
confidence level of 99%, a holding period of one day, equally

weighted market data and a 254 days’ history.

Management Report

ments urther Information

Table 39
VaR of portfolios in the 2015
trading book | €m
Minimum 7
Mean 25
Maximum 46 39
VaR at end of reporting period 15 29

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes. The
dominant asset classes are credit spread and foreign exchange
risks, followed by interest rate risks and equity price risks. To a
lesser extent, value at risk is also affected by commodity and
inflation risks.

The VaR trend in 2016 shows a marked decrease in foreign
exchange risks. Interest rate and equity price risks declined
moderately. Credit spread and commodity risks remained stable in
2016.

At year end, the VaR for the overall book had fallen by €33m to Table 40
€85m. The VaR of the trading book also fell over the year, from \WRcenta Linn bryce indie pe 31.12.2015
€29m to €15m. The decline was mainly caused by a defensive trading book | €m
position in light of the political events in 2016 (Brexit, US Credit spreads 5 6
presidential elections, referendum in Italy). Interest rates 3
Equities 2
Table 38 FX 4 14
VaR contribution | €m 31.12.2016 31.12.2015 Commodities 1 1
Overall book 85 118 Total 15 29
thereof trading book 15 29

Trading book

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the
trading book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading
book positions derive from the Corporate Clients and Treasury
divisions.

The VaR fell from €29m to €15m over the year.

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital adequacy.
This includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR is
calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR
method described above. The main difference lies in the market
data used to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in
the present position in the trading book by reference to market
movements from a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis
observation period used for this is checked regularly through
model validation and approval processes and is adjusted where
necessary. The crisis observation period was changed in the
course of the year. This caused a sharp rise in stressed VaR, from
€27m at the end of 2015 to €48m at the reporting date.

113

Group Risk Report


--- Page 66 ---

Group Risk Report

114

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event
VaR figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness
and event risks in trading book positions.

The reliability of the internal model is monitored by backtesting
on a daily basis. The VaR calculated is set against actually
occurring profits and losses. The process draws a distinction
between “clean PSL” and “dirty P&L” backtesting. In the former,
exactly the same positions in the income statement are used as
were used for calculating the VaR. This means that the profits and
losses solely result from changes in market prices. In dirty P&L
backtesting, by contrast, profits and losses from newly concluded
and expired transactions from the day under consideration are
included. If the loss actually calculated exceeds the loss forecast
from the VaR estimate, it is described as a negative backtesting
outlier.

Analysing the results of backtesting provides an informative
basis for checking parameters and for improving the market risk
model. In 2016, we saw three negative clean P&L outliers and one
negative dirty P&L outlier. As such, the results are in line with
statistical expectations and confirm the quality of the VaR model.
Backtesting is also used by the supervisory authorities for
evaluating internal risk models. Negative outliers are classified by
means of a traffic-light system laid down by the supervisory
authorities. All negative backtesting outliers at Group level (from
both clean P&L and dirty P&L) must be reported to the supervisory
authorities, citing their extent and cause.

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses on the
assumption of normal market conditions, it is supplemented by the
calculation of stress tests. These stress tests measure the risk to
which Commerzbank is exposed, based on unlikely but still
plausible events. These events may be simulated using extreme
movements on various financial markets. The key scenarios relate
to major changes in credit spreads, interest rates and yield curves,
exchange rates, share prices and commodities prices. Events
simulated in stress tests include all stock prices falling by 15%, a
parallel shift in the interest rate curve or changes to the curve’s
gradient. Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses
are carried out as part of risk monitoring.

The VaR and stress test models are validated regularly. The
identification and elimination of model weaknesses are of
particular importance. Against this background, in 2016 regulatory
and internal model adjustments were implemented as well as an
application for a model change to further improve the accuracy of
risk measurement was sent to the supervisory authority. This was
especially due to a changed market environment for interest rates
and volatilities.

In November 2016, a new division was created to bundle
validation activities for risk models for all risk types.

Banking book

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the
Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis
risks, and the area of Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) — Public
Finance, along with the positions held by the subsidiaries
Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A. and LSF Loan
Solutions Frankfurt GmbH.

In market risk management credit spread sensitivities in the
banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread
sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and
derivative positions (excluding loans) fell modestly by €4m by the
end of 2016, reaching €50m as at the reporting date.

Most credit spread sensitivities relate to securities positions
classified as loans and receivables (LaR). Changes in market price
have no impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement
for these positions.

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of
the Group’s banking book is simulated monthly in compliance with
regulatory requirements. In accordance with the Banking
the Federal Supervisory Authority has
prescribed two uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in
interest rates (+/-200 basis points) to be used by all banks, which

Directive, Financial

have to report on the results of this stress test every quarter.

The outcome of the +200 basis points scenario would be a
potential loss of €2,120m, while the -200 basis points scenario
would result in a potential loss of €558m as at 31 December 2016.
Commerzbank does not therefore need to be classified as a bank
with higher interest rate risk as the negative changes in present
value account for less than 20% of regulatory capital. These
figures include the exposures of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
and significant subsidiaries.

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking
book. Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified
investment section and the section of insurance-related liabilities.
The duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash outflows
modelled over almost 90 years) and the main portion of the overall
portfolio’s present value risk is in maturities of 15 years and over.
Main risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates, credit spreads
and expected euro inflation due to anticipated pension dynamics.
Equity, volatility and foreign exchange risk also need to be taken
into consideration. Diversification effects between individual risks
reduce the overall risk. The extremely long maturities of these
liabil
credit spread risk. This is because there is insufficient liquidity in

ies represent the greatest challenge, particularly for hedging

the market for corresponding hedging products.


--- Page 67 ---

To our S Corporate Responsibility

Market liquidity risk

In measuring economic capital adequacy, Commerzbank also
takes account of market liquidity risk. This is the risk of the Bank
not being able to liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely
manner, to the desired extent and on acceptable terms as a result
of insufficient liquidity in the market.

The first step is to create a realistic downsizing profile for each
portfolio on the basis of its product and risk strategies and an
assessment of the market. This enables portfolios to be classified
in terms of their convertibility into cash using a “market liquidity

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in a narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the
risk that future payments cannot be funded for the full amount, in
the required currency or at standard market conditions, as and
when they are due.

Strategy and organisation

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and
the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing
Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in
connection with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk
and Treasury functions.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for
limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic
liquidity positioning. ALCO is supported by various sub-committees
in this.

Financial Statements urther Information

115. Liquidity risk
8 Operational risk

9 Other risks

t risk

factor”. The market liquidity factor takes into account the
heightened volatility of portfolio value resulting from the extended
holding period for risk positions in line with the portfolio’s
downsizing profile. The market risk of every portfolio is then
evaluated based on a one-year view and weighted with the market
liquidity factor.

As at the end of 2016, Commerzbank has earmarked €0.2bn in
economic capital to cover market liquidity risk in the trading and
banking book. Asset-backed securities and structured products in
particular have a higher market liquidity risk.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The
stress scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is
relevant for management purposes allows for the impact of both a
bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding
regulatory requirements are an integral component of the
management mechanism.

Group Treasury is responsible for the Group’s liquidity
management operations. Group Treasury is represented in all
major locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has
reporting lines into all subsidiaries. Additional information on this
subject can be found in the section “Funding and liquidity of the
Commerzbank Group” in the Group Management Report. Liquidity
risk is monitored on the basis of the Bank’s own liquidity risk
model by the independent risk function.

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the
purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial
solidity.

115

Group Risk Report


--- Page 68 ---

Group Risk Report

116

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity risk.
They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitoring
and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

In the event of a liquidity crisis, the emergency plan provides for
various measures for different types of crisis that can be launched
by the central ALCO. The emergency plan forms an integral part of
Commerzbank’s recovery plan and is updated at least once a year,
whereas the individual liquidity emergency measures are checked
regularly during the year for plausibility. The emergency plan also
defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the processes to be
followed in emergency situations and gives details of any action
that may need to be taken.

Liquidity risk model

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily
calculation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile
shows the deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows
expected in the future on a given reporting date and across all
portfolios. This forms the basis for calculating liquidity require-
ments or excess liquidity per maturity band. This also includes
modelling the proportion of customer deposits that will be
permanently available, known as the core deposit base.

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance
strategy of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by
the Group Treasury division. Group Finance is responsible for
calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the basis of the
liquidity gap profile, incorporated in the

which are then

management of the segments’ business activities.

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms
such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and
monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in all
maturity bands. The Group limits are broken down into individual
Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk model is
complemented by the regular analysis of additional adverse,
reverse and historic stress scenarios.

Quantification and stress testing

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In

addition to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk

modelling also factors in the binding regulatory requirements
under the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the stricter
requirements of the Minimum Requirements for Risk Management
(MaRisk). Commerzbank incorporates this within its liquidity risk
framework, thereby quantifying the liquidity risk appetite
established by the full Board of Managing Directors.

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model
and are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of
both a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The
Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress
situation arising from a rating downgrade of two notches, whereas
the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of the
subprime crisis and simulates a market-wide shock. The main
liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly increased
outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average drawdown
of credit lines, extensions of lending business regarded as
commercially necessary, the need to provide additional collateral
for secured transactions and the application of higher risk
discounts to the liquidation values of assets.

As a complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also
simulates the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity
position) of a scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-
specific effects. The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of
the modelling horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and
follows a multi-level concept. This allows for a nuanced
presentation — deterministic and modelled cash flows in existing
business on one hand, extensions on the other.

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile after application
of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one and three
months. Significantly more liquidity flows out in a combined
scenario compared with the individual scenarios. As at
31 December 2016, in the one-month and three-month periods,
the combined stress scenario leaves net liquidity of €18.5bn and

€21.6bn respectively.

Table 41

Net liquidity in the stress scenario | €bn

- - 1 month 23.0
Idiosyncratic scenario
3 months 275
. 1 month 26.6
Market-wide scenario
3 months 29.9
1 month 18.5
Combined scenario
3 months 21.6



--- Page 69 ---

To our S Corporate Responsibility

Liquidity reserves

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to
compensate for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the
limits in the various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve
portfolio consists of highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in
stress situations. The liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line
with liquidity risk appetite in order to ensure that it is kept at the
required size throughout the entire reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors.

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of
€80.0bn in the form of highly liquid assets. A part of this liquidity
reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio
managed by Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress
event occur and to ensure solvency at all times. The Bank also
operates an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio, which amounted to
€8.4bn as at the reporting date.

The liquidity reserves in the form of highly liquid assets
consists of the following three components:

e Level 1 contains cash holdings, withdrawable deposits at
central banks, assets of central governments, regional and
local public-sector entities,
development banks and international organisations, banks
with state guarantees,
undertakings for collective investment (UCIs) with level 1
assets, excluding extremely high quality covered bonds, as

governments, multilateral

qualifying units or equities of

underlyings, covered bonds (min. rating AA-, min. issue
volume €500m, min. overcollateralisation 2%).

e Level 2A contains assets of central governments, central
banks, regional and local governments, public-sector entities
(with a 20% risk weighting); also covered bonds (not
contained in Level 1), corporate bonds (min. rating AA-, min.
volume €250m, max. original maturity 10 years), qualifying
units or equities of UCIs with level 2A assets as underlyings.

Financial Statements urther Information

2 Market risk
115. Liquidity risk
8 Operational risk

Other risks

«Level 2B contains equities (from main indices), corporate
bonds (min. rating BBB-, min. volume €250m, max. original
maturity 10 years), qualifying units or equities of UCIs with
corporate bonds (credit quality steps 2/3), equities (major
equity index) or non-interest bearing assets (held by banks for
religious reasons) (credit quality steps 3-5) as underlyings.

Table 42
Liquidity reserves from highly liquid assets | €bn 31.12.2016
Exposure of highly liquid assets 80.0
thereof Level 1 64.6
thereof Level 2A 13.6
thereof Level 2B 1.8

Liquidity ratios

In 2016, Commerzbank’s internal liquidity ratios, including the
regulatory liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), were at all times above
the limits set by the Board of Managing Directors. The same is
true of compliance with the survival period calculation set down
by MaRisk and with the external regulatory German Liquidity
Regulation; at the end of the year, the liquidity ratio under the
German Liquidity Regulation stood at 1.52.

The regulatory LCR is contained in the internal liquidity risk
model as a binding secondary condition. The LCR is calculated as
the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity outflows under stressed
conditions. It is used to measure whether a bank has a large
enough liquidity buffer to independently withstand any potential
imbalance between inflows and outflows of liquidity under
stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar days. Following
an introductory period, a minimum ratio of 100% must be
complied with from 1 January 2018 onwards. At the start of the
new financial year 2017, the ratio to be complied with is 80%.

Commerzbank significantly exceeded the stipulated minimum
ratio of 70% on every reporting date in 2016, meaning that its
LCR remained very comfortably in excess of minimum statutory
requirements last year.

117

Group Risk Report


--- Page 70 ---

Group Risk Report

118

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-
bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting
from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. This definition includes legal
risks; it does not cover strategic or reputational risks. Given its
high economic significance, compliance risk is managed as a
separate risk type. In line with the CRR, however, losses from
compliance risks are incorporated into the model for determining
the regulatory and economic capital required for operational risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the
Internal Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of
both organisational structure and methodology and are continu-
ously being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are
closely linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly
functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses from
operational risks and thus to lower the amount of capital required
to cover operational risks in the medium to long term. Conversely,
the operational risk management systems enable the ICS to adapt
itself consistently to them. The reinforcement of the ICS structure
is an essential aspect of the pro-active reduction or prevention of
operational risks.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets four
times a year and deals with the management of operational risks
within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation and
decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees
with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management
of operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk
issues that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent
measures or recommend action.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual
basis by the full Board of Managing Directors after it has been
discussed and voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The
OpRisk strategy describes the risk profile, key elements of the

desired risk culture, its management framework and measures to
be taken by Commerzbank to manage operational risk.

As such, OpRisk management is based on three consecutive
levels (three lines of defence) which, when taken together, are
crucial for reaching the given strategic aims.

Risk management

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence
have the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it
necessary not only to limit high loss potential but also to pro-
actively manage losses that can be expected to occur frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk
capacity) and those set for operative risk management during the
year (risk appetite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the
transparent and conscious acceptance and approval of individual
risks (risk acceptance).

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the
Bank’s ICS and a risk scenario assessment. Furthermore, OpRisk
loss events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to ICS
backtesting on an event-driven basis. Where loss events involve
2€1m, lessons learned activities are carried out. External
OpRisk events at competitors are also systematically evaluated.

Commerzbank uses the advanced measurement approach
(AMA) to measure regulatory and economic capital for operational
risks. Risk-weighted assets from operational risks on this basis
amounted to €23.9bn at the end of 2016 (31 December 2015:
€21.4bn), while economically required capital was €2.0bn
(31 December 2015: €1.8bn).


--- Page 71 ---

s Corporate Responsibility

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

urther Information

uidity ris
118 Operational risk
119 Other risks

Table 44

OpRisk events'] €m

| 31.12.2016 31.12.2015

Internal fraud 1 1
Table 43 External fraud 26 -1
31.92.2016 31.12.2015 Damages and IT failure 1 9
€bn RWA Erc RWA Erc Products and business practices -21 90
Private and Small- Process related 29 45
Business Customers 7.0 0.6 7.6 0.6 HR related 0 14
Corporate Clients 11.7 1.0 77 0.6 Group 36 130
Others and
Consolidation 3.3 0.3 3.9 0.3 * Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.
Asset & Capital
Recovery 1.9 0.2 2.2 0.2
A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system
Group 23.9 2.0 21.4 1.8

The total charge for OpRisk events at the end of 2016 was around
€36m (full-year 2015: €130m). The events were dominated by
losses in the categories “Process related” and “External fraud”.

Other risks

To meet the requirements of pillar 2 of the Basel framework,
MaRisk insists on an integrated approach to risk that also includes
unquantifiable risk categories. At Commerzbank, these are sub-
jected to a qualitative management and control process. The
following risk types except model risk are outside the responsi-
bility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group
when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or
when claims can be made against the Bank because the underlying
law was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions that
are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal risk.
This risk may also take the form of orders or sanctions issued or

ensures that the management of the Bank and its segments,
members of the OpRisk Committees and the supervisory bodies
are informed regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk.
OpRisk reports are produced quarterly. They contain changes in
OpRisk losses, the segments’ main loss events, current risk
analyses, changes in the capital requirement and the status of
measures implemented. Operational risks are also part of the
regular risk reporting process to the full Board of Managing
Directors and to the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board.

imposed by one or more authorities whose

Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also

supervision

arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk of
loss is already taken into account through write-downs. However,
the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for active

proceedings are classified as legal risk.

Organisation
Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk
throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal.

All legal staff at the various Group Legal locations including the
foreign branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments
of the domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of
the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

119

Group Risk Report


--- Page 72 ---

Group Risk Report

120

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Risk management

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with
all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or
adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings provisions are recognised on
the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible
legal risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings
generally corresponds to the size of the provisions to be
recognised. To estimate the expected loss, the amount that the
Bank would reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the
current point in time should be calculated after each significant
stage in the proceedings. In the case of active proceedings
provisions are usually only recognised for the expected court and
lawyers’ costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in the quarterly Legal Risk Report.
This report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory
Board, the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments

Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are involved in a variety of
court and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal
proceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They
include, for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in
connection with credit finance, entitlements to occupational
pensions, allegedly false accounting and incorrect financial
statements, enforcement of claims due to tax issues, allegedly
prospectuses in underwriting
transactions, and cases brought by shareholders and other
investors as well as investigations by US authorities. In addition,
changes to rulings by supreme courts as well as to legal
conditions, which may render them more restrictive, in private

incorrect connection — with

customer business and elsewhere, may result in more claims
being brought against Commerzbank or its subsidiaries. In most of
these court cases, claimants are asking for the payment of
compensation or the reversal of agreements already entered into.
If the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants
in these cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation,
which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the
expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive
measures.

Regulatory authorities and governmental institutions in various
countries, where Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are or have
been active, have been investigating irregularities regarding
foreign exchange rate fixings and the foreign exchange business
in general in the last couple of years. In the course of these
investigations, regulatory authorities and governmental institu-
tions have also sought checks on Commerzbank or have
approached the company with requests for information and
brought one case. Commerzbank is cooperating fully with these
bodies and is also looking into the relevant matters on the basis of
its own comprehensive investigations. The possibility of financial
consequences arising from some of these matters cannot be ruled
out; however, it is not yet possible to make more precise state-
ments in that regard.

The public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt is investigating
equity transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former
Dresdner Bank around

the dividend record date (“cum-ex

transactions”). Commerzbank is cooperating fully with the
authorities. It had already initiated a forensic analysis of cum-ex
transactions at the end of 2015 which is still ongoing.

In December 2016, the tax authority issued an amended
decision to Commerzbank regarding the offsetting of capital gains
taxes and the solidarity surcharge with respect to “cum-cum
transactions” for the year 2009. Commerzbank lodged an appeal
against the tax credit thus refused, which has yet to be decided.
The tax authority granted a request based on this legal opinion
that enforcement be suspended.

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the
reputation of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group
recognises provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely
to result from them and the amounts to which the Group is likely
to be liable can be sufficiently accurately determined. As there are
considerable uncertainties as to how such proceedings will
develop, the possibility cannot be excluded that some of the
reserves created for them prove to be inadequate once the courts’
final rulings are known. As a result, substantial additional expense
may be incurred. This is also true in the case of legal proceedings
for which the Group did not consider it necessary to create
reserves. The eventual outcome of some legal proceedings might
have an impact on Commerzbank’s results and cash flow in a
specified reporting period; in the worst case it cannot be fully
ruled out that the liabilities that might result from them may also
have a significant impact on Commerzbank’s earnings perfor-
mance, assets and financial position.

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in Note

(68) regarding provisions and Note (86) regarding contingent
liabilities and irrevocable lending commitments in the Group
Financial Statements.


--- Page 73 ---

To our Shareh

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Compliance risk

As part of its code of conduct, Commerzbank has defined binding
minimum standards for Commerzbank’s corporate responsibility,
its dealings with customers and business partners, as well as its
colleagues with each other, which have a material impact on day-
to-day business. It goes without saying that the Bank complies
with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, industry standards
and internal rules, and this therefore forms an important part of its
risk culture.

The risk that may arise from the failure to adhere to key legal
regulations and requirements is referred to as compliance risk. It
includes the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist
financing, sanctions and embargoes, markets compliance as well
as fraud and corruption.

Commerzbank does not tolerate breaches of applicable laws,
rules and regulations. It will not pursue deals where it knows or
suspects that the business activities will lead to illegal behaviour.
As such, it will not enter into transactions with people or
companies who deliberately take part in illegal activities.

To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented
hedging systems and controls for its transactions, customers,
products and processes. These procedures for
compliance with material legal provisions and requirements are
referred to in their entirety as a compliance management system.
Commerzbank’s compliance management system is based on
international market standards and the regulatory requirements in
the various countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s

ensuring

business activities. To take account of Commerzbank-specific
characteristics, individual compliance standards for Commerzbank
are derived from this standard.

Under this “three lines of defence” principle, protecting
against undesirable compliance risks is an activity that is not
restricted to the compliance function (Group Compliance).
Instead, the organisational control and monitoring elements are
aligned in three sequential levels. Commerzbank has established
an extensive compliance committee structure encompassing
committees within the compliance function and cross-segment
committees.

Commerzbank is constantly developing its compliance
management system in order to meet its responsibilities and cope

with the growing complexity and increasing regulatory require-
ments, thereby enabling it to secure its long-term business

Risk Report Financial Statements urther Information

itive summary 2016

8 Operational risk
119. Other risks

success. In this context, the full Board of Managing Directors has
launched a global Compliance Change Management Programme
to drive a stronger compliance culture within Commerzbank that
goes beyond its business-related compliance requirements.

In March 2015, Commerzbank reached settlements with
various US authorities regarding violations of US sanctions and
anti-money laundering provisions and undertook to implement
additional measures to improve compliance-relevant processes
The settlement also includes a three-year period of good conduct.

Based on the settlements, the Bank has engaged an
independent monitor, selected by the New York State Department
of Financial Services (DFS) at its sole discretion. The monitor's
mandate is to conduct a comprehensive review of Commerz-
bank’s compliance standards, as measured against the require-
ments of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Bank
Secrecy Act (BSA) and anti-money laundering laws, where these
pertain to or affect the activities of its New York branch. The Bank
is cooperating fully with the monitor. This includes, inter alia,
granting it immediate access to relevant bank data, documents
and employees and supporting its work to the best of its abilities.
In light of the experiences of other banks, it cannot be totally
ruled out that Commerzbank will be subject to further measures
during the period of good conduct and from the activities of the
monitor.

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose

confidence in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be

damaged as a result of negative events in its business activities.
Commerzbank’s stakeholder groups include in particular the
public and the media, non-governmental organisations and its
the present-day competitive environment, a
company’s reputation is becoming more and more important. One
of the factors determining it is the Bank’s handling of
sustainability considerations in (intrinsic
reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the basis of
people’s personal experiences of them, but also of reports
reaching the public, especially through the media. Reputational
risk therefore goes hand in hand with communication risk.

customers. In

its core business

121

Group Risk Report


--- Page 74 ---

Group Risk Report

122

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Strategy and organisation

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect
and reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a material
element of its enterprise value. The segments and _ significant
subsidiaries bear direct responsibility for reputational risk
resulting from their particular business activity. The Reputational
Risk Management department is part of the central Group
Communications division of the Commerzbank Group and focuses
on intrinsic reputational risk that may directly lead to reputational
damage for stakeholder groups. It maintains close links with the
relevant market units. Management of intrinsic reputational risk is
the responsibility of the Chairman of the Board of Managing
Directors. It is a component of Commerzbank’s overall risk strategy.
Its task is to identify, evaluate and address intrinsic reputational
risk in systematic processes at an early stage and suggest or
implement appropriate measures (early warning function).

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying potential
environmental, social and ethical risks at an early stage and
reacting to them in order to reduce any potential communication
risk or even preventing it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is
managed by means of a qualitative approach. As part of a
structured process, transactions, products and customer relation-
ships in connection with sensitive areas are assessed with reference
to environmental, social and ethical risks on a qualitative five-point
scale. Depending on the outcome they may be assessed
unfavourably, have conditions imposed on them, or even be
rejected outright.

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and
transactions, products and customer relationships relating to power
generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank’s attitude
towards these areas is laid down in positions and guidelines that
are binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s Reputational Risk
Management department regularly observes and analyses new
environmental, ethical and social issues and forwards them to the
relevant parts of the Bank. The reputational risks identified and
addressed by the department are incorporated into the quarterly
report on non-quantifiable risks prepared for the Supervisory
Board’s Risk Committee and the quarterly report on major and high
reputational risks prepared for the CFO and the responsible
segment boards.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. Our internal definition of IT
risk includes risks to the security of information processed in our
systems in terms of meeting the four IT protection targets set out
below:

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not accessible
to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,
business processes or IT systems.

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An infor-
mation-processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can
perform its intended functions without hindrance and free of
unauthorised manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced
back without any ambiguity.

Availability: Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by customers,
and of the business processes and systems used to process it. They
form a permanent core element in our IT strategy. The processing
of information is based increasingly on information technologies.
As such, our IT security requirements are at the heart of
information security management. IT security requirements are
based on the IT protection targets referred to above and are set
down in policies and procedural instructions.

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our internal control system.

The most important IT risks are also evaluated as part of
operational risk management through risk
considered in the Bank’s RWA calculation. This includes the risk of

scenarios and

a breakdown of critical IT, the risk of externals attacking the
systems or data of the Bank (cyber crime and advanced persistent
threat (APT)' scenarios), the theft of corporate data or the default of
service providers and vendors.

” An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as
possible in order to steal sensitive information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period.


--- Page 75 ---

To our Shareh Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it is
continually further developed and improved by means of strategic
projects. We have taken into account the significance of the
“human” factor in IT security and cyber security by introducing
additional training and awareness-raising measures, which we will
push ahead with in 2017. In 2016 we also launched a compre-
hensive analysis of the Bank’s internal control system, with the aim
of ensuring that the internal control system takes all cyber risks
into account.

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk
referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The
internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at
Commerzbank includes the following elements in human
resources risk:

Adjustment risk: We offer selected internal and external
training, continuing education and change programmes to ensure
that the level of employee qualifications keeps pace with the
current state of developments, structural changes are supported
accordingly and our employees can fulfil
responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Employee surveys enable us to respond as
quickly as possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of
corporate loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: We take great care to ensure that the absence
or departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions
to our operations. We also monitor staff turnover on a regular

their duties and

basis from both a quantitative and a qualitative perspective.
Supply risk: Our quantitative and qualitative staffing aims to
ensure that internal operating requirements, business acti
and Commerzbank’s strategy can be implemented.
Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Our success
is based on the specialist knowledge, skills,

abilities and

motivation of our employees. Human resources risk is

systematically managed by Group Human Resources with the aim
of identifying, assessing and managing risks as early as possible,

Financial Stater

Risk Report urther Information

itive summary 2016
bank managemer

8 Operational risk
119. Other risks

for instance by applying selected personnel tools. The Board of
Managing Directors is regularly informed about human resources
risk. In addition, systematic and strategic personnel planning
helps to put the management of medium- and long-term human
resources risks on a more professional footing. Since mid-2016 we
have been introducing strategic personnel planning throughout
the Bank based on the pilot projects completed by the end of
2015.

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources risk.
There is a risk of the human resources risk situation deteriorating due
to the impending structural changes under the Commerzbank 4.0
strategy. Change and organisational measures have already been
initiated to counter human resources risk.

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,
for example as a result of changes in market conditions or the
inadequate implementation of the Group strategy.

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes into
account both external and internal factors. On the basis of these
factors, the full Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable
business strategy describing the major business activities and
steps required to targets. To
implementation of the Group strategy to achieve the business
targets, strategic controls are carried out through regular
monitoring of quantitative and qualitative targets in the Group and

meet the ensure proper

the segments.

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
full Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy
decisions (acquisition and sale of equity holdings representing
> 1% of Commerzbank AG’s regulatory equity capital) also require
the authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. All
major investments are subject to careful review by the full Board
of Managing Directors.

123

Group Risk Report


--- Page 76 ---

Group Risk Report

124

Commerzbank Annual Report 2016

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based
upon an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With
regard to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model
risk from exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model
errors (manual errors in model
Corresponding to the focus of the Group risk strategy to ensure

development/implementation).

that the Bank is adequately capitalised, the models for assessing
risk-bearing capacity (capital requirements according to Pillars 1
and 2 of the Basel framework) are central for risk management.

Disclaimer

Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in this
report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector practice.
The risk models produce results appropriate to the management of
the Bank. The measurement approaches are regularly reviewed by
risk control and internal audit, external auditors and the German
and European supervisory authorities. Despite being carefully
developed and regularly monitored, models cannot cover all the

The basic principles of model risk management are the
identification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate
consideration of known model risks (e.g. through conservative
calibration or consideration of model reserves). Model risks that
are unknown and hence cannot be mitigated are accepted as an
inherent risk in the complexity of the Commerzbank business
model. In respect of the governance of model risk management
requirements relating to model validation and model changes are
established.

influencing factors that have an impact in reality or illustrate their
complex behaviour and interactions. These limits to risk modelling
apply particularly in extreme situations. Supplementary stress tests
and scenario analyses can only show examples of the risks to which
a portfolio may be exposed in extreme market situations. However,
stress testing all imaginable scenarios is not feasible. Stress tests
cannot offer a final estimate of the maximum loss should an

extreme event occur.
