

--- Page 1 ---

You should read the following discussion and analysis of the group management report of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries (together “we”, “our”, “FMC-AG & Co. KGaA’,
“Fresenius Medical Care”, “the Group” or “the Company”), which has been prepared in accordance
with sections 315 and 315a of the German Commercial Code and German Accounting Standards No.
17 and 20., in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained
elsewhere in this report. Some of the statements contained below, including those concerning future
revenue, costs and capital expenditures and possible changes in our industry and competitive and
financial conditions include forward-looking statements. We made these forward-looking statements
based on the expectations and beliefs of the Management Board of the Company’s General Partner
(‘Management Board”) concerning future events which may affect us, but we cannot assure that such
events will occur or that the results will be as anticipated. Because such statements involve
opportunities, risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially (positive as well as negative)
from the results which the forward-looking statements express or imply. Such statements include the
matters and are subject to the uncertainties that we described in the discussions in this report entitled
D. “Report on expected developments“, E. “Report on risks and opportunities” as well as in Note 2 and
22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Due to rounding, individual numbers and percentages presented in this report may not precisely reflect
the absolute figures.

Our business is also subject to other opportunities, risks and uncertainties that we describe in our
public filings. Developments in any of these areas could cause our results to differ materially from the
results that we or others have projected or may project.

A. Fundamental information about the Group
|. The Group’s business model

Operations and group structure

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s largest kidney dialysis company, based on publicly reported
sales and number of patients treated. We provide dialysis care and related services to persons who
suffer from end stage renal disease (“ESRD”) as well as other health care services. We develop and
manufacture a full range of dialysis machines, systems and disposable products, which we sell to
customers in more than 120 countries and also use in our internal health care service operations. Our
dialysis business is therefore vertically integrated. We describe our other health care services as “Care
Coordination.” Care Coordination currently includes coordinated delivery of pharmacy services,
vascular, cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services, non-dialysis laboratory testing services,
physician services, hospitalist and intensivist services, health plan services, ambulatory surgery center
services and urgent care services, which, together with dialysis care services represent our health
care services.

The main part of our sales is still generated by dialysis products and dialysis care services. We care
for over 308,000 dialysis patients in 3,624 proprietary dialysis clinics in more than 45 countries
worldwide. We are continuously developing this network of clinics, which is the largest and most
international in the world, to accommodate the ever rising number of dialysis patients. At the same
time, we operate 37 production sites in more than 20 countries. The most important plants for dialyzer
production are in St. Wendel (Germany), Ogden (U.S.), Changsu (China), L’Arbresle (France) and
Buzen (Japan). We manufacture dialysis machines in Schweinfurt (Germany) and in Concord,
California (U.S.).

Fresenius Medical Care is organized decentralized and divided into the regions North America, EMEA
(Europe, Middle East, Africa), Asia-Pacific and Latin America; our business segments correspond to
this regional breakdown.

Fresenius Medical Care’s Company headquarters is in Bad Homburg v. d. Héhe, Germany. The
headquarters of North America, our most important region in terms of revenue, is in Waltham,
Massachusetts (U. S.).


--- Page 2 ---

Our Products, services and business processes
Dialysis

Approximately 3.0 M patients regularly underwent dialysis treatment at the end of 2016 worldwide.
Dialysis is a life-saving blood cleansing procedure that substitutes the function of the kidney in
case of kidney failure. Healthy kidneys rid the blood of waste products, regulate water levels, and
produce important hormones. If the kidneys are irreparably damaged and are therefore no longer
able to function adequately for a lengthy period of time, this is known as chronic kidney failure.
Many diseases can lead to chronic kidney failure, particularly diabetes, chronic nephritis, and high
blood pressure. There are currently two treatment options for chronic kidney failure: a kidney
transplant and dialysis.

As a globally leading company Fresenius Medical Care offers services and products in more than
130 countries around the world with a focus on the following areas:

e Hemodialysis - treatment in specialized clinics

e Home dialysis

e Peritoneal dialysis

e Acute dialysis - in case of a sudden loss of renal function
e Further blood cleansing procedure

e Dialysis drugs.

Medical services — Care Coordination
Since 2014, our non-dialysis medical services have been bundled in Care Coordination.

Care Coordination enables us to expand and grow our business beyond dialysis, for example in
markets where the privatized dialysis market is relatively well developed and we already have a
high market share. Although Care Coordination is a business with a global focus, we currently
provide non-dialysis services mainly in our largest market, the U.S. In recent years, the health
care system there has moved away from the reimbursement of individual services towards
holistic, coordinated care. Our activities in Care Coordination and our experience with dialysis
mean that we can help to shape the evolution of the U.S. health care system and use this as a
basis for additional growth. At the same time, patients can benefit from coordinated care, and
health care systems from lower costs.

Major markets and competitive position

According to our estimates, the volume of the global dialysis market increased to around $76 BN in
2016. The market grew by 4% over the past year in constant currency terms. We expect the following
approximate breakdown for this market volume: around $14 BN for dialysis products and
approximately $62 BN for dialysis services (including dialysis drugs).

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of dialysis services with a market share of
about 10% based on the number of treated patients. As well as caring for the largest number of
dialysis patients, we also operate more dialysis clinics than any other company: in 2016, we ran 3,624
(2015: 3,418) clinics worldwide. We treated most of our patients (61%) in the North America Segment,
19% in the EMEA Segment, 10% in the Latin America Segment and 10% in the Asia-Pacific Segment.

Our dialysis products accounted for around 34% of the global market in 2016 (2015: 34%), which
means that we are the market leader in this area as well. The market share of our key products —
dialyzers and dialysis machines — was even significantly higher at around 45% and more than 50%
respectively.

Due to the different services we offer in the field of Care Coordination we cannot estimate the market
volume in a meaningful number. We offer medical services in Care Coordination mainly in the U.S. at
present, and have adapted our activities to this market. One of our medical service providers in Care
Coordination is our subsidiary Sound Inpatient Physicians Inc. (Sound). More than 2,200 Sound
providers cared for more than 1.5 million patients in 2016, at around 350 hospitals and post-acute
facilities in U.S. They serve and coordinate care throughout the episode of care in the
communities they serve - from emergency to inpatient care (hospitalists and intensivists) as well

2


--- Page 3 ---

as post-acute care to improve quality and reduce cost. Sound also provides interim staffing to
hospitals in the U.S. and advises hospitals with their documentation and coding to help them to
address denied claims. 54% of hospitalists in the U.S. are employed by hospitals or integrated
delivery systems and 25% are employed by independent hospitalists groups. It is estimated that
hospitalists are practicing in approximately 75% of U.S. hospitals, including academic medical
centers. The number of hospitalists has grown over the past 20 years from a few hundred to more
than 50,000. The extent to which our Care Coordination services are rolled out outside the U.S.
may vary in individual countries and regions depending on the respective reimbursement system
and market environment.

Procurement and production

The Global Manufacturing and Quality (GMQ) division centrally manages all of Fresenius Medical
Care’s activities worldwide in the procurement of raw materials and semi-finished goods,
production including quality management, and distribution in North America. This centralized
approach enables us to

e continuously enhance the efficiency of our processes,

e optimize cost structures,

e improve returns on our capital invested in manufacturing,
e respond more flexibly,

e fulfill our commitment to meeting high quality and safety standards.

Strategic purchasing at Fresenius Medical Care is geared towards ensuring the availability, safety and
quality of the materials used in production with the aim of further expanding our competitive and
internationally balanced supplier network.

By further standardizing our procurement processes and making them more transparent, we are able
to continuously improve our efficiency in purchasing while ensuring a constant supply of material and
maintaining our quality level. In optimizing procurement, our focus is on enhancing our cross-regional
processes within the purchasing function as well as optimizing processes at interfaces to other
divisions.

The objective of our production strategy is to manufacture top-quality products in the right place at the
right time on the best possible terms. We are able to successfully implement this strategy with a
network of large production sites, where we make technically sophisticated products and sell them
worldwide, as well as production sites that primarily supply products regionally.

At the end of 2016, GMQ had 15,224 employees (full-time equivalents) (2015: 15,350). In total, we
operate 37 production sites in more than 20 countries.

For further information regarding the Group’s business model, mainly external factors influencing the
business, see Chapter B. Report on economic position, Part |. Macroeconomic and sector-specific
environment.

IL. Internal management system

Until now the Management Board oversaw our Company by setting strategic and operational targets
as well as measuring various financial key performance indicators used for internal management
determined in U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP. Part Il. Course of business in Chapter B. Report on
economic position contains therefore figures in U.S. dollar, which are derived from U.S. GAAP
measured values. In the segment reporting in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and in
the group management report the operating segments are based on U.S. GAAP and determined in
euro. Starting in 2017 the financial key performance indicators used for internal management are no
longer determined in U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP. Instead the indicators are determined in euro
based on IFRS. To reflect this change Chapter D. Report on expected developments contains figures
determined in euro based on IFRS. As such, in 2017 in the segment reporting in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements and in the group management report the operating segments are
based on IFRS and determined in euro. Due to increased impacts of exchange rate fluctuations on the
financial key performance indicators in euro the growth rates will also be calculated at constant
exchange rates starting in 2017.


--- Page 4 ---

The key performance indicators used for internal management do not differ in the individual operating
segments.

Each operating segment is evaluated based on target figures that reflect revenue and expenses the
operating segments control. We do not include the effects of certain transactions nor income taxes as
we believe these items to be outside the operating segments’ control. Financing is a corporate
function, which the operating segments do not control. Therefore, we do not include interest expense
relating to financing as an operating segment measurement. Similarly, we do not allocate certain costs
which relate primarily to certain headquarters overhead charges, including accounting and finance,
global research and development, etc. because we believe that these costs are also not within the
control of the individual operating segments.

The management of our operating segments is based on revenue as a key performance indicator. We
believe that the key to continued growth in revenue is our ability to attract new patients in order to
increase the number of treatments performed each year. The number of treatments performed each
year is therefore an indicator of continued revenue growth and success.

Further, operating income is from our point of view the most appropriate yardstick for measuring the
profitability of the operating segments.

Operating income margin represents the operating income to revenue ratio and shows the
profitability of each operating segment respectively the Group. We believe that the operating margin is
an appropriate measurement for the evaluation of the profitability.

As a result of the significance of noncontrolling interest holders in our operations, we believe a
measure that is meaningful to investors is operating income less noncontrolling interests (“Delivered
EBIT”). Delivered EBIT approximates the operating income attributable to the shareholders of FMC-
AG & Co. KGaA.

Below is a table showing the reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments:


--- Page 5 ---

Delivered EBIT Reconciliation

in€M
2016 2015
Consolidated Financial Statements
Total
Operating income (EBIT) 2,409 2,129
less noncontrolling interests (276) (256)
Delivered EBIT 2,133 1,873
Segment Reporting"
Total North America Segment
Operating income (EBIT) 1,915 1,620
less noncontrolling interests (267) (246)
Delivered EBIT 1,648 1,374
Dialysis
Operating income (EBIT) 1,861 1,532
less noncontrolling interests (243) (210)
Delivered EBIT 1,618 1,322
Care Coordination
Operating income (EBIT) 54 88
less noncontrolling interests (24) (36)
Delivered EBIT 30 52
EMEA Segment
Operating income (EBIT) 474 520
less noncontrolling interests (3) (3)
Delivered EBIT 471 517
Asia-Pacific Segment
Operating income (EBIT) 288 268
less noncontrolling interests (6) (7)
Delivered EBIT 282 261
Latin America Segment
Operating income (EBIT) 59 44
less noncontrolling interests 0 0
Delivered EBIT 59 44

(1) The measures are determined in U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP and converted into euro.

On consolidated level, the percentage growth in net income (net income attributable to shareholders
of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA) is an additional key performance indicator used for internal management.

The percentage growth in basic earnings per share is a key performance indicator to evaluate our
profitability. This indicator helps to manage our overall performance. The basic earnings per share is
calculated by dividing net income attributable to shareholders by the weighted-average number of
shares during the year. Additionally, we compute a percentage growth in adjusted basic earnings per
share for use in our management incentive program targets under the FMC AG & Co. KGaA Long-
Term Incentive Program 2011.

We manage our investments using a detailed coordination and evaluation process. The Management
Board sets the complete investment budget for the Group as well as the investment targets. Before
concrete investment projects or acquisitions are realized, our internal Acquisition & Investment
Committee (AIC) examines the individual projects and measures taking into account the return on
investment and potential yield. The investment projects are evaluated based on commonly used
methods such as the net present value and internal interest rate methods; payback periods are also
included in the assessment. In this way, we try to ensure that we only make and implement
investments and acquisitions that actually increase shareholder value. Capital expenditures for


--- Page 6 ---

property, plant and equipment is an indicator used for our internal management. The indicator
influences the capital invested for replacement and expansion investments.

Our consolidated statement of cash flows indicates how we generated and used cash and cash
equivalents. When used in conjunction with the other primary financial statements, it provides
information that helps us evaluate the changes of our net assets, our financial structure (including our
liquidity and solvency). Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is used to assess whether a
business can generate the cash required to make replacement and expansion investments. Net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities is impacted by the profitability of our business and the
development of working capital, principally receivables. The indicator net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue shows the percent of our revenue that is available in terms of
financial resources. This is an indicator for our operative financial strength.

Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures, before
acquisitions and investments) is the free disposable cash flow. The indicator free cash flow in % of
revenue shows the percentage of revenue that is available for acquisitions and investments, dividends
to the shareholders or for the reduction of debt financing.

Another important key performance indicator used for internal management on group level is the
debt/EBITDA ratio. To determine the total debt/EBITDA ratio, debt is compared to EBITDA (earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) adjusted for acquisitions made during the year
with a purchase price above a $50 M threshold as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement
and non-cash charges. The ratio is an indicator of the length of time needed to service it out of its own
resources. The debt/EBITDA ratio provides more reliable information about the extent to which a
company is able to meet its payment obligations than taking the absolute amount of financial liability
into account only. We hold a strong market position in a growing, global and mainly non-cyclical
market. Furthermore, most of the customers have a high credit rating as the dialysis industry is
characterized by stable and sustained cash flows. This means that we can work with a relatively large
share of debt capital compared with companies in other industries.

New key performance indicator

With the development of Vision 2020 we communicated improvements in Return on Invested Capital
(‘ROIC”). Therefore we implemented ROIC improvement on group level in 2016 as key performance
indicator in association with the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Long-Term Incentive Plan 2016 (“LTIP 2016”) to
measure our performance. The ROIC is the ratio of operating income after tax (Net Operating Profit
After Tax, NOPAT) to average invested capital of the last five quarter closing dates and expresses
how efficiently we allocate the capital under our control or how well we employ our capital with regard
to a specific investment project. The ROIC is determined according to IFRS in euro based on full year
results.

The following table shows the reconciliation of average invested capital and ROIC:


--- Page 7 ---

Reconciliation of Average Invested Capital and ROIC

in € M, except ROIC

December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31,
2016 2016 20162) 20162) 20162) 20152)
Total assets 25,504 24,074 24,108 23,262 23,680
Plus: Cumulative goodwill amortization 444 422 424 413 431
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (709) (566) (653) (466) (516)
Minus: Loans to related parties (199) (144) (152) (197) (182)
Minus: Deferred tax assets (291) (262) (248) (245) (261)
Minus: Accounts payable (576) (473) (518) (495) (585)
Minus: Accounts payable to related parties (264) (231) (196) (208) (141)
Minus: Provisions and other current liabilities (2,857) (2,573) (2,583) (2,341) (2,470)
Minus: Income tax payable (242) (228) (228) (245) (216)
Invested capital 20,810 20,019 19,954 19,478 19,740
Average invested capital as of December 31, 2016 20,000
Operating income ”) 2,398
Income tax expense °) (840)
NOPAT 1,558
ROIC in % 78

December 31, September 30, June 30, March31, December 31,
2015 2015 2015 2015 2015 2014
Total assets 23,246 22,393 22,433 23,000 20,673
Plus: Cumulative goodwill amortization 431 420 421 437 390
Minus: Cash and cash equivalents (505) (555) (520) (579) (522)
Minus: Loans to related parties (182) (142) (105) (136) (141)
Minus: Deferred tax assets (256) (226) (226) (220) (212)
Minus: Accounts payable (577) (520) (480) (542) (472)
Minus: Accounts payable to related parties (141) (179) (160) (127) (116)
Minus: Provisions and other current liabilities (2,438) (2,192) (2,209) (2,218) (1,904)
Minus: Income tax payable (216) (201) (198) (208) (212)
Invested capital 19,362 18,798 18,956 19,407 17,484
Average invested capital as of December 31, 2015 18,801
Operating income 2,129
Income tax expense °) (786)
NOPAT 1,343
ROIC in % 71

(1) Including non-current provisions and variable payments outstanding for acquisitions and excluding pension liabilities and

noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.

(2) Including adjustments for acquisitions made within the reporting period with a purchase price above a $50 M threshold as

defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement.

(3) Adjusted for noncontrolling partnership interests.


--- Page 8 ---

Ill. Research and development

Developing innovative products and continuously improving our dialysis treatments form an inherent
part of our growth strategy. Our global research and development (R&D) activities, which are centrally
managed by the “Global Research and Development” division (GRD), enable us to develop products
efficiently and to systematically promote the exchange of knowledge and technology between regions.

Global research and development strategy

Healthcare systems face major financial challenges now and in the long term. With regard to our
research and development activities, this confirms our intention to develop innovative products
that are not only of the highest quality, but are also affordable. Based on our experience in
operating our own dialysis clinics, we do not consider these to be incompatible aims.

Our R&D strategy is globally oriented. This enables us to respond even better to the global rise in
demand for improved, high-quality yet cost-efficient treatment methods. In doing so, we also take
regional market conditions into account and offer an accordingly differentiated product range. In
future, we intend to deliver innovative, competitive products in an even more timely manner and
strengthen our focus on developing countries. All in all, we have identified six core areas as the
focal points of our R&D activities

e Market leadership

e Vertical integration

e Global portfolio management

e New technologies and applications
e Home therapies

e Emerging markets.

In addition to the R&D activities carried out within our company, we collaborate with external
partners to create a comprehensive innovation and technology network. These include numerous
academic institutions, such as research institutes at renowned universities in the U.S. Another
partner is the Renal Research Institute (RRI) in New York. This subsidiary of Fresenius Medical
Care North America is a leading institution in the field of clinical research into chronic kidney
failure. Together, we are working on fundamental issues relating to dialysis treatment. We are
increasingly working with start-ups to encourage an open culture that promotes innovation and to
gain access to the latest technologies both in our core business as well as in adjacent areas that
are of future strategic interest to us.

In 2016, we formed Fresenius Medical Care Ventures to allow us to participate in young start-ups
as a strategic investor. Fresenius Medical Care Ventures is another element of our innovation
strategy. Our first investment is a company that develops extracorporeal treatment for
bloodstream infections.

Also in 2016, we officially presented Unicyte AG, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fresenius Medical
Care. Unicyte evolved from the long-standing research partnership between Fresenius Medical
Care and the University of Turin and aims to translate projects in the areas of regenerative
medicine, adult stem cells, and nanoscale extracellular vesicles (the smallest membrane particles
that can transfer a complex set of information from one cell to another) into clinical programs. The
new organizational structure will allow us to involve additional partners.

R&D resources

In the fiscal year, Fresenius Medical Care spent a total of around €147 M on research and
development (2015: €128 M). R&D expenditure corresponded to around 5% (2015: 4%) of our dialysis
product revenue and slightly less than 1% of our total revenue. Around a quarter of our R&D
expenditure went into funding advance development, which lay the foundations for future product
innovations. At the end of 2016, our patent portfolio comprised some 7,748 property rights in
approximately 1,163 patent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to the same invention. Our R&D work
in the fiscal year produced around 107 additional patent families. A broad portfolio of patents will
provide us with a wide range of treatment options in this competitive area in future.


--- Page 9 ---

In 2016, 794 highly qualified employees (full-time equivalents) worked for Fresenius Medical Care in
R&D worldwide (2015: 649). They come from various backgrounds: Physicians work side by side with
software specialists, business economists and engineers in interdisciplinary teams. Around 490
employees, and therefore the majority of our R&D staff, are based in Europe. Most activities are
carried out at our facilities in Schweinfurt and Bad Homburg v.d.Héhe (Germany). Other R&D sites are
in St. Wendel (Germany), Bucharest (Romania) and Krems (Austria). In the U.S. the Company
maintains centers of excellence for the development of devices in Concord and Lake Forest,
California, and for dialyzers and other disposable products in Ogden, Utah. Development activities in
Shanghai and Changshu (China) are focused on the growing demand for cost-effective dialysis
systems for Asia and emerging markets. The global R&D organization coordinates collaboration and
technology exchange among the various sites. As part of our innovation culture, we also strive to carry
out research and development responsibly.

IV. Employees
Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success to the commitment of its employees.

Number of employees worldwide continues to grow

As at December 31, 2016, Fresenius Medical Care employed a total of 109,319 members of staff (full-
time equivalents) in more than 50 countries. This means that our workforce grew by 5% or more than
5,200 in absolute terms compared to the previous year. This was primarily due to organic growth in
our business and acquisitions.

At the end of the fiscal year, most of our employees were based in the North America segment (60%),
followed by the EMEA segment (22%), the Latin America segment (9%) and the Asia-Pacific segment
(9%). The workforce in the North America segment grew fastest last year as a result of expanding our
clinic network. In Germany, Fresenius Medical Care employed approximately 5,500 people (full-time
equivalents 2015: around 4,900) at the end of the fiscal year, accounting for around 5% (2015: 5%) of
the total workforce. This underscores our very high degree of internationalization.

Staff costs at Fresenius Medical Care rose to €6,291 M in 2016 (2015: €5,698 M). This corresponds to
38% (2015: 37%) of revenue. Average staff costs per employee (average full-time equivalents) stood
at €58,596 (2015: €55,447).

V. Quality management

At Fresenius Medical Care, we believe in supplying products and therapies of the highest quality and
reliability to ensure the best medical care for our patients and customers. To enable us to fulfill this
aspiration and the numerous regulatory requirements, our processes in the business regions are
embedded in comprehensive quality management systems. These ensure that all of our products and
procedures comply with quality and safety standards from their development, market approval,
manufacture, and use in clinics, right up to training customers and dealing with complaints. In addition,
our production sites are certified according to regional quality standards, in some cases to several at
once.

Our quality management systems in production combine internal regulations, processes, and
procedures with the demands of generally recognized external standards and guidelines. Our plants
apply recognized quality management tools such as Lean Six Sigma for optimizing production and
testing processes as well as general workflows.

We have established special quality management systems in our dialysis clinics. We regularly check
whether they are applied, but transfer some of the tasks involved to third parties, for instance the
technical inspection association TUV in Europe. Its experts inspect our clinics in standardized annual
audits to monitor compliance with the ISO 9001 norm for quality management and the ISO 14001
norm for environmental management. In the U.S., our clinics are inspected by the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), a public health care authority.

Due to the 2011 ESRD pro spective payment system (PPS) our Medicare reimbursement rate in the
U.S. is influenced by our established quality management. We mitigated the impact of the ESRD PPS
with two broad measures in our quality management. First, we worked with medical directors and
treating physicians to find efficiencies consistent with the ESRD PPS’s quality incentive program
(“QIP”) and good clinical practices, and we negotiated pharmaceutical acquisition cost savings. In
addition, we achieved greater efficiencies and better patient outcomes by introducing new initiatives to
improve patient care upon initiation of dialysis.


--- Page 10 ---

The ESRD PPS’s QIP began affecting payments starting January 1, 2012. Dialysis facilities that fail to
achieve the established quality standards have payments for a particular year reduced by up to 2%,
based on a prior year’s performance. CMS updates the set of quality measures each year, adding,
revising or retiring measures. The 2017 QIP payment adjustment is based on each facility's
performance in 2015 on a set of measures that focus on anemia management, dialysis adequacy,
reporting of dialysis events to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), administration of
patient satisfaction surveys and monthly reporting of mineral metabolism. For payment year 2017,
CMS continued the 2016 QIP measures with the exception of the retirement of one measure of
hemoglobin adequacy and added a measure of hospital readmissions in order to assess coordinated
care. For payment year 2018, CMS will add two new clinical measures (standardized transfusion ratio
and pediatric peritoneal dialysis adequacy) and three new reporting measures (pain assessment and
follow-up, clinical depression screening and follow-up and influenza vaccination of healthcare
personnel). For payment year 2019, CMS will replace four separate measures of dialysis adequacy
with a single comprehensive dialysis adequacy clinical measure. In addition, CMS will make changes
to the technical specifications of the hypercalcemia clinical measure, reintroduce a dialysis event
reporting measure, and make changes relating to QIP scoring, including introduction of a new Safety
Measure Domain. For payment year 2020, CMS will replace a mineral metabolism reporting measure
with a new serum phosphorous reporting measure and adopt two new measures: the standardized
hospitalization ratio clinical measure and the ultrafiltration rate reporting measure.

Furthermore, we participate in CMS’s Comprehensive ESRD Care Model twenty-four of our dialysis
organizations participate in (CEC Model), through ESRD Seamless Care Organizations (ESCOs) in six
markets. The CEC Model seeks to deliver better health outcomes for ESRD patients while lowering
Medicare’s costs. For six of our ESCOs, the CEC Model commenced on October 1, 2015, and for the
other eighteen ESCOs, the CEC Model commenced on January 1, 2017. The initial agreement period
for all ESCOs participating in the CEC Model lasts through 2018. As originally specified, CMS and an
ESCO would then have the option of extending the ESCO’s agreement for an additional two years
based on the ESCO’s performance.

We are also working closely with CMS, a state-run public health care authority, in the area of care
coordination. For example, we have been involved in the “Bundled Payments for Care Improvement”
(BPCl) initiative via our subsidiary Sound since April 2015. This is a CMS three-year pilot initiative with
bundled payments for the individual services, including acute inpatient hospital services, physician
services, and post-acute services, furnished to Medicare beneficiaries during a single episode of
illness or course of treatment.

We measure and assess the treatment quality at our dialysis clinics on the basis of generally
recognized quality standards, such as industry-specific clinical benchmarks, as well as our own quality
targets. We use quality parameters that are generally recognized in the dialysis industry:

e The Kt/ V value shows whether a patient was detoxified effectively during dialysis.

e Other quality indicators are the albumin, calcium and phosphat level in the blood. These
parameters are indicative of a patient's general nutritional status.

e We also strive for a defined hemoglobin value in our patients. Hemoglobin is the component of
red blood cells that transports oxygen around the body. An insufficient level of this in the blood
is indicative of anemia.

e The number of days patients are hospitalized because of complications as part of their kidney
disease is also crucial for determining treatment quality, because they are particularly cost-
intensive and can significantly reduce the quality of life of dialysis patients.

e We record the number of patients who do not use a hemodialysis catheter as a vascular
access in dialysis treatment. In order to guarantee sufficient blood flow through and therefore
an effective dialysis treatment a permanent vascular access is necessary. Catheters are
associated with serious infections and increases in the number of days spent in the hospital.

The ongoing measurement of these and other parameters is the basis for us to improve our dialysis
services.

We regularly carry out patient surveys to find out where we can make further improvements and in
which areas we should expand our services. In the U.S., the state-run public health care authority
CMS specifies the content of patient satisfaction surveys. We use the results to inform and train both
our patients and our clinic staff in a more targeted way with the aim of permanently improving our
patients’ quality of life.

10


--- Page 11 ---

VI. Responsibility, environmental management and sustainability

Not only are a company’s activities affected by a number of external factors; companies
themselves also influence their environment in many ways. Our activities are always focused on
our patients. As a manufacturer and provider of dialysis products and health care services, we are
a business partner to suppliers as well as to other companies and organizations in the health care
system. We are also an international employer. At the same time, we gear our corporate activities
towards using resources in an environmentally sound way. We act as a partner for both state
health care systems, i.e. governments, and taxpayers, thus making an important contribution to
society. Corporate responsibility at Fresenius Medical Care therefore goes beyond economic
responsibility and is geared towards sustainability and trust with regard to our stakeholder groups
and their many demands on Fresenius Medical Care.

Consequently, we consider sustainable action to be an integral part of our commercial success
rather than just one of many factors. Responsible management and trust-based dialog with our
stakeholders are therefore firmly embedded in our code of conduct.

For Fresenius Medical Care, sustainability means acting responsibly to achieve commercial
success as well as environmental and social progress and secure the Company’s future. In doing
so, we distinguish between the following four areas:

e Economic responsibility

e Responsibility for our employees

e Responsibility for the environment

e Social responsibility

In 2016, we established a company-wide project to expand our sustainability reporting. As part of
this expansion, we started carrying out a materiality analysis at the end of the reporting year. We
will continue the project in 2017 and plan to report extensively on it in the first half of 2018.

Fresenius Medical Care’s sustainability activities again won plaudits in 2016: Our company has
featured in the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index every year since 2009.

Stakeholder dialog and sustainable value-added

Our business activities are based on responsible management that is rooted in integrity, sound
corporate governance and adherence to compliance principles and requires and encourages
ethically impeccable conduct from all employees and managers. Due to Fresenius Medical Care’s
global presence and regional diversity, our sustainability management is largely organized on a
regional basis, in the same way as our operations management.

Regular, trust-based interaction with our stakeholders is very important to us. They place many
different demands on Fresenius Medical Care both at a national and an international level. We
aim to make our corporate decisions more transparent and create trust through dialog. At the
same time, by interacting with our stakeholders, we can identify a wide range of trends at an early
stage, strengthen our social commitment and act sustainably. The key players in the stakeholder
dialog are:

e Partners:employees, patients, physicians, clinical staff, suppliers, associations, health insurers
e Regulators: legislators, politicians, authorities, health care systems

e Capital market participants: investors, banks, rating agencies

e Societal stakeholders: general public, non-governmental organizations, competitors, media.

Economic responsibility

Economic responsibility is an integral part of our corporate strategy and management. Fresenius
Medical Care again achieved economic success in 2015 and posted profitable growth. We
improved our revenue and earnings in line with our strategy, thus generating economic value-
added.

Responsibility for our employees

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success to the commitment of its employees. We offer
them a varied working environment and long-term prospects. Our strategy of recruiting employees
with outstanding skills and great potential and supporting their development within the Company

11


--- Page 12 ---

using targeted measures also means that we are investing in the future of our company. By
offering diversity, fair, performance-related working and pay conditions, continuous personnel
development and a healthy work-life balance, Fresenius Medical Care aims to retain and increase
its attractiveness as an employer.

Responsibility for the environment

To ensure that we fulfill our corporate responsibility to the environment in a systematic and
coordinated way, we have established a company environmental management system. This
enables us to implement environmental requirements and design our operational processes to use
resources as efficiently as possible, and in this way to save on costs. The main objectives of
environmental protection at our company are to comply with environmental regulations,
continuously optimize the use of resources and reduce the associated CO2 emissions. In addition,
our environmental management increasingly supports the business divisions in creating added
value for our customers with eco-friendly products and services.

Social Responsibility

In a global market, Fresenius Medical Care is organized regionally with a high level of local
responsibility for business operations. This also applies to our company’s social commitment. For
this reason, we not only support global organizations and projects, but also especially regional
and local initiatives. In this respect, we mainly focus on projects that serve the common good and
promote sustainable development according to the principle of helping others to help themselves,
ensuring that they have a long-term impact.

12


--- Page 13 ---

B. Report on economic position
|. Macroeconomic and sector-specific environment
a) Macroeconomic environment

Minimum dependency on economic cycles

Fresenius Medical Care provides life-saving products and therapies for patients suffering from chronic
kidney failure and is therefore exposed to economic cycles to a relatively small extent. This sets us
apart from manufacturers of consumer goods, for instance, whose products are subject to a more
cyclical demand.

Our business is impacted more by government reimbursement rates and remuneration systems.
Dialysis is a vital medical service, which is why it is usually paid for by the responsible health system.
See also dialysis market in the following part.

Exchange rate developments characterized by a constant euro during the course of the year
compared to prior year

As Fresenius Medical Care operates worldwide, exchange rate developments impact its results of
operations. For Fresenius Medical Care, movements in the U.S. dollar and the euro in relation to one
another are especially crucial as we generate a major part of our revenues in the U.S. The euro
remained constant in relation to the U.S. dollar at the annual average rate in 2016.

In addition, the exchange rate developments between the euro and local currencies are influencing the
operating results of Fresenius Medical Care due to sales within the Group of the large production sites
in the euro zone to group companies with different functional currencies as well as due to the euro
being the financial reporting currency. In relation to the sales within the Group, individual subsidiaries
are exposed to transactional risks due to fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the invoicing
currencies and the currencies, in which their local operations are conducted. Fresenius Medical Care
reduces transaction risks, i.e. risks due to foreign currency exposures or exchange rate fluctuations,
through a global network of production facilities, which is geared towards demand in the dialysis
product business of Fresenius Medical Care. Often, the production facilities are based in the markets
that they serve. Therefore costs are incurred in the same currency in which Fresenius Medical Care
generates revenue. For health care services the risk of exchange rate fluctuations is relatively low
because services are provided locally and therefore are invoiced in the respective currency.

b) Sector-specific environment

Number of dialysis patients is rising worldwide

Chronic kidney failure is a global problem: At the end of 2016, approximately 3.7 M patients had either
received a kidney transplant or were on dialysis.

The incidence of chronic kidney failure varies between regions. Prevalence, i.e. the relative number of
people being treated for end-stage renal disease in a particular country, also differs significantly from
one country to another. The prevalence rate, measured in patients per million population (pmp), can
be well below 100, especially in developing countries. In countries in the European Union, it averages
just over 1,100 pmp. Countries like Japan and the U.S. have very high levels that exceed 2,000 pmp in
places. In Taiwan, the rate is even as high as 3,000 pmp. There are various reasons for the significant
divergence in prevalence rates:

e The countries differ demographically, as age structures in the population vary worldwide.

e The prevalence of risk factors for kidney disease, such as diabetes and high blood pressure,
varies widely.

e The genetic predisposition for kidney disease also differs significantly around the world.

e Access to dialysis is still restricted in many countries, meaning that many patients suffering
from kidney failure are not treated and therefore do not appear in prevalence statistics.

e Cultural factors such as nutrition play a role.

13


--- Page 14 ---

The number of dialysis patients in 2016 rose by around 6%. In the U.S., Japan, and Western and
Central Europe the number of patients was below average. In these regions, prevalence is already
relatively high and patients generally have reliable access to treatment, normally dialysis. In
economically weaker regions, on the other hand, growth was above average — an indication that
access to dialysis treatment in these countries is still limited and is gradually improving.

Comparison of dialysis treatment methods

Of the approximately 3.0 M patients who were undergoing dialysis treatment at the end of 2016 2.632
M, or about 88%, were treated with hemodialysis and around 348,000 (12%) with peritoneal dialysis.
In a global comparison of treatment methods, hemodialysis is clearly the most common.

Dialysis patients can be treated either in a dialysis center or at home. Treatment options available
outside dialysis clinics are home hemodialysis, which is so far relatively uncommon, and peritoneal
dialysis. The ratio of patients treated in dialysis clinics to patients on home dialysis varies from region
to region.

The third option for treating patients with end-stage renal disease is kidney transplantation.
Approximately 726,000 patients were living with a transplanted kidney at the end of 2016. However,
for many years now, the number of donated organs worldwide has been significantly lower than the
number of patients on transplant waiting lists. Despite extensive efforts by regional initiatives to
increase awareness of kidney donation and the willingness to donate, the share of patients receiving
kidney transplantation compared witch other treatment methods has remained relatively unchanged
over the past ten years.

Care Coordination: Chronic diseases are becoming increasingly common

Chronic diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases are becoming increasingly common
and are responsible for almost two out of three deaths worldwide. In many countries, a large
proportion of health care spending goes towards treating chronic diseases. To counteract the resultant
increase in cost pressure, more and more health care systems, such as that in our largest market, the
U.S., have started reimbursing coordinated, holistic care rather than individual services.

Our customers are mostly health insurers and companies

Fresenius Medical Care’s most important customers are state-owned or public health insurers, private
health insurers, and companies. For 2016, approximately 33% of the Company's consolidated
revenues were attributable to U.S. federal health care benefit programs, such as Medicare and
Medicaid reimbursement.

Health care and reimbursement systems vary from country to country

As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical service, patients do not usually have to pay for
dialysis themselves. Instead, the costs are borne by the responsible health care system. The
reimbursement systems for dialysis treatment — in other words, the structures used by health care
systems to reimburse dialysis services — differ from country to country and often even within countries.
The factors determining reimbursement include regional conditions, the treatment method, regulatory
issues, and the type of dialysis service provider (public or private).

The health care debate in some countries is currently focused on establishing reimbursement
structures based on treatment quality (pay for performance). In this case, more responsibility is
transferred to the medical service provider, subject to transparency and quality criteria. The goal o
reimbursement models of this kind is to maintain a high quality of care combined with lower overall
costs for the health care system.

One example of a compensation model based on qualitative criteria is the reimbursement system for
dialysis in the U.S., our biggest sales market. This system applies to dialysis treatment for patients
who are predominantly covered by national health insurance (Medicare patients). Dialysis costs are
compensated as part of a lump-sum reimbursement system that bundles specific products and
services in a single reimbursement rate.

In addition, the reimbursement and ancillary services utilization environment significantly influences
our business. In the U.S., the reimbursement rates for Medicare patients are finalized by the
responsible authority, the CMS. Overall, the reimbursement rate for 2016 has not changed material
year-on-year. In our biggest sales market, the U.S. market, the reimbursements of governmental
institutions are lower than the reimbursements of private insurers and managed care organizations.

14


--- Page 15 ---

Therefore a change in the portion of reimbursements by private insurers in the U.S. influences our
business. The majority of treatments we provide are paid for by governmental institutions such as
Medicare in the U.S. As a consequence of the pressure to decrease health care costs, government
reimbursement rate increases in the U.S. have historically been limited. The stability of reimbursement
in the U.S. has been affected by (i) the implementation of the ESRD PPS in the U.S. in January 2011,
(ii) the U.S. Sequestration cuts, (iii) the phased reduction to the ESRD PPS rate to account for the
decline in utilization of certain drugs and biologicals associated with dialysis and (iv) the enactment of
the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (PAMA) and could be affected by (v) the CMS rule
published on November 15, 2016 that modifies certain payment policies, payment rates and quality
provisions in the Pyhsician Fee Schedule for calendar year 2017. There is presently considerable
uncertainty regarding possible future changes in health care regulation in the U.S., including the
regulation of reimbursement for dialysis services. We have generally experienced stable
reimbursement globally, including the balancing of unfavorable reimbursement changes in certain
countries with favorable changes in other countries. Our ability to influence the pricing of our services
is limited. Any significant decreases in Medicare reimbursement rates could have material adverse
effects on our health care services business and, because the demand for dialysis products is affected
by Medicare reimbursement, on our products business. To the extent that increases in operating costs
that are affected by inflation, such as labor and supply costs, are not fully reflected in a compensating
increase in reimbursement rates, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
More information can be found in Part Ill. Results of operation, financial position and net assets as well
as in Chapter D. Report on expected developments.

We are also working closely with CMS in Care Coordination. For example, the participation of our
subsidiary Sound in the BPCI initiative will have an impact on the reimbursement. As a participant in
this project, we can become entitled to additional reimbursement if we provide high-quality care at a
cost that is below a set threshold. In addition, the participation in CMS’s CEC Model through ESCO
has an impact on the reimbursement since October 1, 2015. The CEC Model seeks to deliver better
health outcomes for ESRD patients while lowering Medicare’s costs. ESCOs that achieve the
program’s minimum quality thresholds and generate reductions in CMS’s cost of care above certain
thresholds for the ESRD patients covered by the ESCO will receive a share of the cost savings. Our
ESCOs also share in the risk of cost increases and are obligated to reimburse CMS for a share of any
such increases if actual costs rise above set thresholds.

Furthermore, we have entered into various arrangements with both government and private sector
health care insurers which involve taking risk for the complete care of certain ESRD patients in
exchange for set payments. We are currently operating Medicare Advantage ESRD Chronic Special
Needs Plan (“MA-CSNP”) in five states as of January 1, 2017. MA-CSNPs are Medicare Advantage
health plans offered by private companies that contract with Medicare to provide patients with
Medicare benefits. Enrollment in these plans is limited to special needs individuals with specific severe
or disabling chronic conditions, such as ESRD. Our MA-CSNPs provide services, including Care
Coordination services, and receive capitated payments from Medicare for the complete care of
enrolled ESRD patients.

We also participate in sub-capitation and other shared savings and risk arrangements with certain
Medicare Advantage plans, accountable care organizations and other integrated care organizations
under which we assume risk and share in savings realized in providing care to the plans’ ESRD
patients.

15


--- Page 16 ---

Il. Course of business

Highlights
Change in management structure

Mr. Roberto Fusté, a member of the General Partner’s Management Board as well as the Chief
Executive Officer of the Asia-Pacific Segment resigned from the General Partner's Management Board
effective March 31, 2016 and retired from the Company. Mr. Fusté was succeeded by Mr. Harry de
Wit, as of April 1, 2016.

Comparison of the actual business results with targets

The environment for our core business dialysis remained mainly stable in the financial year 2016. We
have met the targets we have established for the financial year 2016. The targets are determined in
U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP as described in Part Il. Internal management system in Chapter A.
Fundamental information about the Group.

The targets 2016 did not include contributions from acquisitions closed in 2015 and 2016 and special
items. The actual results 2016 have been adjusted accordingly to make them comparable to the
targets 2016. The results 2015, which are the basis for the targeted growth rates for 2016 have been
adjusted accordingly. Operating income for 2015 was increased by $60 M related to accruals in
relation to the NaturaLyte® and GranuFlo® agreement in principle (Net Settlement Expense) and net
income was increased by $37 M Net Settlement Expense (after tax) (see Note 22 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements — Section Commercial Litigation).

The targets for the financial year 2016 were based on the exchange rates prevailing at the beginning
of the year 2016. We expected revenue growth excluding contributions from acquisitions closed in
2015 and 2016 of 7-10% at constant exchange rates. Revenue amounted to $17.9 BN an increase of
7%. At constant exchange rates revenue increased by 8% and excluding the contributions from
acquisitions closed in 2015 and 2016 revenue increased by 7% at constant exchange rates which is in
the range of our expectations. We therefore met our expectations.

All operating segments, mainly the North America Segment and the Asia Pacific Segment, contributed
to the expansion in business. Further details on the development of revenue can be found in Part Ill.
Results of operation, financial position and net assets.

We expected a growth in operating income above growth in revenue for the financial year 2016. The
basis for this target 2016 did not include the Net Settlement Expense of $60 M. Adjusted operating
income for 2016 increased by 10% to $2.6 BN and we therefore met our target.

Also for Delivered EBIT we expected a growth above growth in revenue for the financial year 2016.
The basis for this target 2016 did not include the Net Settlement Expense of $60 M. Adjusted
operating income for 2016 increased by 10% to $2.3 BN and therefore we also met our target.

At the beginning of the year we set a target range for net income growth of 15 — 20% for the financial
year 2016. This included cost savings from the global efficiency program as well as further expenses
related to the expansion of Care Coordination. The Net Settlement Expense of $37 M (after tax) and
contributions from acquisitions closed in 2015 and 2016 were not included in this target range.
Adjusted net income for 2016 increased by 16% to $1.2BN which is in the range of our expectations.

Adjusted earnings per share increased by 16%. This increase is in line with the development of net
income, as expected.

We earmarked $1.0 - $1.1BN for capital expenditures. We remained within our target, as we spent
$1.0 BN for capital expenditures. For acquisitions and investments we expected around $ 0.75 BN.
We spent $0.4 BN for acquisitions and investments after divestitures. We received $0.2 for divestitures
mainly related to available for sale financial assets ($0.1 M) and a repayment of unsecured loans
provided to an equity method investee in 2015 and 2016 ($0.1 M) and therefore were below our
expectations. For further information, see Part Ill. Results of operation, financial position and net
assets.

Driven by earnings development and good management of inventories, net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue was on a high level with 11.9%, meeting our target of greater than
10%.

16


--- Page 17 ---

Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures, before
acquisitions and investments) in % of revenue was 6.3% in 2016, which is also in line with our target of

greater than 4%.

According to our forecast the leverage ratio (Debt/EBITDA ratio) should have been below 3.0 at the
end of 2016. The actual leverage ratio decreased to 2.4 at the balance sheet date and is therefore as

expected.

The number of employees at Fresenius Medical Care (full-time equivalents) grew from 104,033 at the
end of 2015 to 109,319 at the end of 2016 due to organic growth and acquisitions. We therefore
reached our forecasted number of more than 109,000.

Research and development expenditures aimed at boosting Fresenius Medical Care’s ability to adapt
to future requirements amounted to $162 M, meeting our target range of $160 -170 M. Our research
and development activities are focused on further developing existing product groups.

Below is a table showing the actual results and our targets for 2016:

Results and Targets for 2016 - determined in U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP

Revenue growth().(2)

Operating income growth’)
Delivered EBIT growth)

Net income growth?)(9).(4)

Basic earnings per share growth?)(9).(4)

Capital Expenditures
Acquisitions and investments

Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in % of revenue®

Free cash flow in % of revenue®
Debt/EBITDA Ratio)

Employees®)

Research and development expenses

Results 2016
Results 2016 adjusted Targets 2016
8% 7% 7-10%
( at Constant ( at Constant ( at Constant Exchange Rates)
Exchange Exchange
Rates) Rates)
13% 10% Growth > revenue growth
14% 10% Growth > revenue growth
21% 16% 15 - 20%
20% 16% based on development of net
income
$1.0 BN $1.0- 1.1 BN
$0.4 BN ~ $0.75 BN
11.9% > 10%
6.3% > 4%
2.4 <3.0
109,319 > 109,000
$162 M $160-170M

(1) Net of patient service bad debt provision

(2) Targets 2016 and Results 2016 adjusted exclude contributions from acquisitions closed in 2015 and 2016
(3)Targets 2016 and Results 2016 adjusted exclude special items
(4) Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC AG & Co. KGaA.

(5) Full-time equivalents

17


--- Page 18 ---

Ill. Results of operations, financial position and net assets

The following chapters summarize our results of operations, financial position and net assets as well
as key performance indicators by principal segment and Corporate for the periods indicated.

We prepared the information using a management approach, consistent with the basis and manner in
which our management internally disaggregates financial information to assist in making internal
operating decisions and evaluating management performance.

Results of operations

Segment Data

inM€

Total revenue
North America
EMEA
Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Corporate

Total

Operating income
North America
EMEA
Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Corporate

Total

Interest income
Interest expense
Income tax expense
Net income

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests

Net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC-AG & Co. KGaA

US-GAAP IFRS adjustments IFRS
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
11,641 10,647
2,409 2,369
1,474 1,353
643 691
14 26
16,181 15,086 389 369 16,570 15,455
1,915 1,620
474 520
288 268
59 44
(353) (355)
2,383 2,097 26 32 2,409 2,129
42 105 - - 42 105
(408) (458) - - (408) (458)
(618) (560) (5) (5) (623) (565)
1,399 1,184 21 27 1,420 1,211
(276) (256) - - (276) (256)
1,123 928 21 27 1,144 955

The comparison of the financial years 2016 and 2015 is affected by the development of the Euro
against the U.S. dollar, since for the year ended December 31, 2016 approximately 73% of revenues

and approximately 80% of operating income are generated in U.S. dollar.

Due this fact the growth rates of revenue and operating profit measures are influenced by increased
impacts of exchange rate fluctuations. Therefore, we calculate constant currency revenue and
operating profit measures (“at Constant Exchange Rates” or “Constant Currency”) to show changes in
our revenue and operating profit measures without giving effect to period-to-period currency
fluctuations. We calculate constant currency revenue and operating profit measures by translating
foreign currencies using the average exchange rates from the comparative period instead of the

current period.

18


--- Page 19 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements

Key Indicators for Consolidated Financial Statements

Change in %

as at Constant
2016 2015 reported Exchange Rates
Revenue in € M 16,570 15,455 7% 8%
Health Care 13,505 12,439 9% 9%
Dialysis Products 3,065 3,016 2% 4%
Number of dialysis treatments 46,529,154 44,596,446 4%
Same market treatment growth in % 3.2% 4.3%
Gross profit as a % of revenue 33.9% 33.5%
Selling, general and administrative costs as a
% of revenue 18.8% 19.1%
Operating income in € M 2,409 2,129 13% 13%
Operating income margin in % 14.5% 13.8%
Delivered EBIT in € M 2,133 1,873 14% 14%
Net income attributable to shareholders of
FMC-AG & Co. KGaA in€ M 1,144 955 20% 20%
Basic earnings per share in € 3.74 3.14 19%

(1) For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments, see chapter A. II. Internal management system.

Total Revenue increased by 7% (8% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €16,570 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 from €15,455 M in the same period of 2015. The increase at Constant Exchange
Rates was mainly due to increases in organic revenue (7%) and contributions from acquisitions (1%).

Health Care revenue increased by 9% to €13,505 M (9% at Constant Exchange Rates) for the year
ended December 31, 2016 from €12,439 M in the same period of 2015. The increase at Constant
Exchange Rates was mainly due to increases in organic revenue per treatment (5%), growth in same
market treatments (3%) and contributions from acquisitions (2%), partially offset by the effect of closed
or sold clinics (1%).

Dialysis treatments increased by 4% for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015. The increase is due same market treatment growth (3%) and contributions from
acquisitions (2%), partially offset by the effect of closed or sold clinics (1%).

At December 31, 2016, we owned, operated or managed (excluding those managed but not
consolidated in the U.S.) 3,624 dialysis clinics compared to 3,418 dialysis clinics at December 31,
2015. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we acquired 136 dialysis clinics, opened 122 dialysis
clinics and combined or closed 52 clinics. The number of patients treated in dialysis clinics that we
own, operate or manage (excluding patients of dialysis clinics managed but not consolidated in the
U.S.) increased by 5% to 308,471 at December 31, 2016 from 294,381 at December 31, 2015.

Dialysis product revenue increased by 2% (4% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €3,065 M for the year
ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €3,016 M in the same period of 2015. The increase at
Constant Exchange Rates was driven by increased sales of dialyzers, machines, bloodlines, products
for acute care treatments, hemodialysis solutions and concentrates and peritoneal dialysis products,
partially offset by lower sales of renal pharmaceuticals.

The increase in gross profit margin to 33.9% from 33.5% primarily reflects increases in the North
America Segment and the Asia-Pacific Segment. The increase in the North America Segment was
mainly due to lower costs for health care supplies and a higher volume of dialysis treatments with
commercial payors, partially offset by higher personnel expense related to dialysis services and an
unfavorable impact from Care Coordination services largely driven by the higher cost of revenue in our
pharmacy services business. The increase in the Asia-Pacific Segment was predominantly driven by
business growth.

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses increased to €3,119 M in the year ended
December 31, 2016 from €2,949 M in the same period of 2015. SG&A expenses as a percentage of

19


--- Page 20 ---

sales decreased to 18.8% for the year of 2016 as compared to 19.1% in the same period of 2015 due
to decreases in the North America Segment, Latin America Segment and at Corporate, partially offset
by increases in the EMEA Segment and the Asia-Pacific Segment. The decrease in the North America
Segment was due to the prior year impact from the Net Settlement Expense of $60 M (€54 M) (for
further information, see Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements), a release of
bad debt reserves and lower legal expenses excluding Net Settlement Expense legal costs above,
partially offset by a cost impact related to the vesting of long term incentive plan grants and higher
personnel expense. The decrease in the Latin America Segment was mainly due to the prior year loss
related to the divestment of the dialysis service business in Venezuela as well as the impact from
proportionately higher sales as compared to SG&A expenses, partially offset by higher bad debt
expense and increased costs related to inflation. The decrease at Corporate was mainly driven by
lower legal and consulting expenses related to compliance investigations we are conducting (for
further information, see Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The increase
in the EMEA Segment was driven by the prior year impact from a gain from the sale of our European
marketing rights for certain renal pharmaceuticals (see Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements) and higher bad debt expense and higher IT project costs. The increase in the
Asia-Pacific Segment was mainly due to increased costs related to further sales development,
unfavorable foreign exchange effects and costs associated with changes in the Management Board.

R&D expenses increased by 14% to €147 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 from €128 M for
the same period of 2015. This increase was driven by higher personnel expense and project costs
related to an expansion of our project portfolio. Currently, we have certain R&D projects which are at
the peak of their cost consumption.

Income from equity method investees increased to €59 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 from
€28 M for the same period of 2015. This increase is primarily related to higher income from Vifor
Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd., an entity in which we have ownership of 45%, due to
increased revenue resulting from the expansion of its product portfolio partially offset by increased
product development costs.

Operating income increased to €2,409 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 from €2,129 M for the
same period in 2015. Operating income margin increased to 14.5% for the year ended December 31,
2016 as compared to 13.8% for the same period in 2015 as a result of increased gross profit margin, a
decrease in SG&A as a percentage of revenue and increased income from equity method investees.

Delivered EBIT increased by 14% (14% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €2,133 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 from €1,873 M for the same period in 2015 as a result of the increased operating
income, partially offset by increased noncontrolling interests driven by higher operating income of
dialysis clinics in which we have ownership of less than 100%.

Interest expense decreased by 11% to €408 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 from €458 M
for the same period in 2015 due to the lower impact of the valuation of the embedded derivative
related to the equity-neutral convertible bonds issued in September 2014 (Covertible Bonds) and the
related call option on our shares (see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
as well as due to a reduction in our overall debt level. Interest income decreased by 60% to €42 M for
the year ended December 31, 2016 from €105 M for the same period in 2015 due to the lower impact
of the valuation of the derivative embedded in the Convertible Bonds and the related call option on our
shares (see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) as well as the repayment
of interest bearing notes receivables in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Income tax expense increased to €623 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 from €565 M for the
same period in 2015. The effective tax rate decreased to 30.5% from 31.8% for the same period of
2015, mainly driven by lower tax expense as a result of released tax liabilities and a prior year impact
from the non-tax deductible loss from the divestiture of our dialysis service business in Venezuela,
partially offset by a lower portion of tax free income attributable to noncontrolling interests compared to
income before taxes.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased to
€276 M from €256 M for the same period of 2015 primarily driven by higher operating income of
dialysis clinics in which we have ownership of less than 100%, partially offset by decreased
noncontrolling interest expense related to Care Coordination, both in the North America Segment.

Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA for the year ended December 31,
2016 increased by 20% (20% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €1,144 M from €955 M for the same
period in 2015 as a result of the combined effects of the items discussed above. Excluding the impacts

20


--- Page 21 ---

of (i) the 2015 after tax loss, €32.7 M, related to the Net Settlement Expense (for further information,
see Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (ii) the 2015 after tax loss, €24.3
M, from the divestiture of our dialysis service business in Venezuela, and (iii) the 2015 realized portion
of the after tax gain, €10.1 M, from the sale of our European marketing rights for certain renal
pharmaceuticals to our joint venture, Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma, net income
attributable to FMC-AG & Co. KGaA increased by 14%.

Basic earnings per share increased by 19% for the year ended December 31, 2016 to €3.74 as
compared with €3.14 for the same period in 2015 due to the increase in net income attributable to
shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA above. The weighted average number of shares outstanding for
the period was approximately 305.7 M in 2016 (304.4 M in 2015). The increase in the weighted
average number of shares outstanding was the result of stock options exercised.

We employed 109,319 people (full-time equivalents) as of December 31, 2016 compared to 104,033
as of December 31, 2015, an increase of 5%, primarily due to organic growth in our business and
acquisitions.

Material differences between IFRS and US-GAAP regarding the consolidated income statement

Revenue

The main differences between IFRS and US-GAAP result from the difference in the presentation of
bad debt provisions for health care services. Under US-GAAP, expenses are presented as a reduction
in health care service revenue, whereas IFRS requires those expenses to be presented as a
component of SG&A expenses.

In 2016, the adjustments to reconcile revenue for IFRS and for US-GAAP amounted to €389 M. In
2015, the adjustments amounted to €369 M.

Operating income

The main differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP result from the difference in the accounting
treatment of actuarial gains and losses arising on the valuation of pension obligations, sale and
leaseback transactions containing operating lease agreements, obligations from stock incentive plans
as well as development costs.

In 2016, the adjustments to reconcile operating income for IFRS and for U.S. GAAP amounted to €26
M. In 2015, the adjustments amounted to €32 M.

Segment reporting

The following discussions pertain to the North America Segment, the EMEA Segment, the Asia-Pacific
Segment and the Latin America Segment as well as the measures we use to manage these segments.
The measures are determined in U.S. dollar based on U.S. GAAP and converted into euro as
described in Part Il. Internal management system in Chapter A. Fundamental information about the
Group.

Due to the expansion of our Care Coordination services we established new business metrics for Care
Coordination in our North America Segment in 2015, which will be defined below.

Business Metrics for Care Coordination in the North America Segment

The measures for our North America Segment discussed below include current and future programs
that we will be participating in and will be reflected in the discussion of our business within the North
America Segment. Currently, the sub-capitation, capitation arrangements under physician practice
services, BPCI, ESCO programs and other shared savings programs are included within the Member
Months and Medical Cost Under Management calculations below. In the future, there may be other
programs that could be included in the following metrics. These metrics may be developed further in
future periods. Note that due to the timing required by CMS to review the BPCI program data that we
provide, estimates have been used in order to report these metrics in a timely manner.

Member Months Under Medical Cost Management

Member months under medical cost management is calculated by multiplying the number of members
who are included in value-based reimbursement programs, such as Medicare Advantage plans or

21


--- Page 22 ---

other value-based programs in the U.S., by the corresponding number of months these members
participate in those programs (“Member Months’). In the aforementioned programs, we are assuming
the risk of generating savings. The financial results will be recorded in earnings as our performance is
determined. The membership offerings within Care Coordination are sub-capitation arrangements,
MA-CSNPs, ESCO and BPCI programs as well as other shared savings programs. An increase in
patient membership may indicate future earnings or losses as our performance is determined through
these managed care programs.

Medical Cost Under Management

Medical cost under management represents the management of medical costs associated with our
patient membership in value-based programs. For ESCO, BPCI and other shared savings programs,
this is calculated by multiplying the Member Months in each program by the benchmark of expected
medical cost per member per month. The sub-capitation and MA-CSNPs calculation multiplies the
premium per member of the program per month by the number of Member Months associated with the
plan, as noted above.

Care Coordination Patient Encounters

Care Coordination patient encounters represents the total patient encounters and procedures
conducted by certain of our Care Coordination activities. Specifically, Care Coordination patient
encounters is the sum of all encounters and procedures completed during the period by Sound,
MedSpring Urgent Care (“MedSpring”), Fresenius Vascular Care, and National Cardiovascular
Partners (“NCP”) as well as patients in our Fresenius Medical Care Rx Bone Mineral Metabolism
program (“BMM program’).

22


--- Page 23 ---

North America Segment

Key Indicators and Business Metrics for North America Segment
Change in %

as at Constant
2016 2015 reported Exchange Rates
Total North America Segment
Revenue in € M‘) 11,641 10,647 9% 9%
Health Care“) 10,825 9,853 10% 10%
Dialysis Products 816 794 3% 3%
Operating income in € M 1,915 1,620 18% 18%
Operating income margin in % 16.4% 15.2%
Delivered EBIT in€ M® 1,648 1,374 20% 20%
Dialysis
Revenue in € M‘) 9,557 8,951 T% 7%
Number of dialysis treatments 28,882,107 27,686,877 4%
Same market treatment growth in % 3.1% 41%
Operating income in € M 1,861 1,532 21% 21%
Operating income margin in % 19.5% 17.1%
Delivered EBIT in€ M® 1,618 1,322 22% 22%
Care Coordination
Revenue in € M‘) 2,084 1,696 23% 23%
Operating income in € M 54 88 (39%) (39%)
Operating income margin in % 2.6% 5.2%
Delivered EBIT in€ M@ 30 52 (41%) (41%)
Member Months Under Medical Cost
Management®).4) 387,244 208,933 85%
Medical Cost Under Management in € M4) 2,542 1,496 70% 70%
Care Coordination Patient Encounters®).(4) 5,539,703 5,005,695 11%

(1) Net of patient service bad debt provision

(2) For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments, see chapter A. II. Internal management system.

(3) For further information on these metrics on our Care Coordination measures please refer to the discussion above under
“Segment reporting — Business Metrics for Care Coordination in the North America Segment’.

(4) The 2016 metric may be understated due to a physician mapping issue related to the BPCI program within a CMS system
which has not yet been resolved. Additionally, data presented for the metrics are subject to finalization by CMS, which may
result in changes from previously reported metrics.

Dialysis

Revenue

Dialysis revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2016 by 7% (7% at Constant Exchange
Rates) to €9,557 M from €8,951 M in the same period of 2015.

Dialysis care revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2016 by 7% (7% at Constant
Exchange Rates) to €8,741 M from €8,157 M in the same period of 2015. This increase at Constant
Exchange Rates was driven by same market treatment growth (3%), increases in organic revenue per
treatment (2%), an increase in dialysis days (1%) and contributions from acquisitions (1%).

Dialysis treatments increased by 4% for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015 primarily due to same market treatment growth (3%) and contributions from acquisitions
(1%). At December 31, 2016, 188,987 patients (a 3% increase over December 31, 2015) were being
treated in the 2,306 dialysis clinics that we own or operate in the North America Segment, compared
to 182,852 patients treated in 2,210 dialysis clinics at December 31, 2015.

23


--- Page 24 ---

In the U.S., the average revenue per treatment at Constant Exchange Rates was €317 for the year
ended December 31, 2016 and €312 for the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly
attributable to a higher volume of dialysis treatments with commercial payors.

Cost per treatment in the U.S. at Constant Exchange Rates dereased to €250 for the year ended
December 31, 2016 from €251 in the same period of 2015. The decrease was largely driven by a
favorable impact from lower cost for health care supplies and decreased bad debt, partially offset by
higher personnel expense and various cost increases including rent expense and administration costs.

Dialysis product revenue increased by 3% (3% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €816 M for the year
ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €794 M in the same period in 2015. This increase at
Constant Exchange Rates was driven by higher sales of machines, dialyzers and peritoneal dialysis
products, partially offset by lower sales of renal pharmaceuticals and bloodlines.

Operating Income

Dialysis operating income increased by 21% (21% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €1,861 M for the
year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €1,532 M in the same period in 2015. Operating
income margin increased to 19.5% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 17.1% for the same
period in 2015, due to lower costs from health care supplies, a higher volume of dialysis treatments
with commercial payors, the prior year impact from the Net Settlement Expense, a release of bad debt
reserves, higher income from equity method investees and lower legal expenses excluding Net
Settlement Expense legal costs noted above, partially offset by higher personnel expense and a cost
impact related to the vesting of long term incentive plan grants.

Delivered EBIT

Dialysis delivered EBIT increased by 22% (22% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €1,618 M for the year
ended December 31, 2016 from €1,322 M for the same period of 2015. The increase at Constant
Exchange Rates was mainly the result of the increased operating income, partially offset by increased
noncontrolling interests driven by higher operating income of dialysis clinics in which we have
ownership of less than 100%.

Care Coordination

Revenue

Care Coordination revenue increased by 23% (23% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €2,084 M for the
year ended December 31, 2016 from €1,696 M for the same period of 2015. The increase at Constant
Exchange Rates was driven by increases in organic revenue growth (20%) and contributions from
acquisitions (3%).

Operating Income

Care Coordination operating income decreased by 39% (39% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €54 M
for the year ended December 31, 2016 from €88 M for the same period of 2015. The operating income
margin decreased to 2.6% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 5.2% mainly driven by
increased costs related to bad debt reserves for hospitalist and intensivist services and the prior year
impact of reimbursement for BPCI costs as well as higher costs for physician practice services due to
infrastructure development, partially offset by a favorable impact from vascular, cardiovascular and
endovascular specialty services.

Delivered EBIT

Care Coordination delivered EBIT decreased by 41% (41% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €30 M for
the year ended December 31, 2016 from €52 M for the same period of 2015, mainly as the result of
decreased operating income, partially offset by decreased noncontrolling interests effects.

Member Months Under Medical Cost Management

Care Coordination’s member months under medical cost management for the year ended December
31, 2016 was 387,244 months as compared to 208,933 months for the same period of 2015. The
increase in membership volume was largely attributable to furthered enrollment in our ESCOs, BPCI
development, growth in our sub-capitation and other shared savings arrangements as well as the

24


--- Page 25 ---

continued contribution from MA-CSNPs which commenced in the first quarter of 2016. See note 4 to
the table “Key Indicators and Business Metrics for North America Segment,” above.

Medical Cost Under Management

Care Coordination’s medical cost under management for the year ended December 31, 2016 was
€2,542 M as compared to €1,496 M for the same period of 2015. The increase in medical cost under
management was largely attributable to furthered enrollment in our ESCOs, BPCI development,
growth in our other shared savings and sub-capitation arrangements as well as the continued
contribution from MA-CSNPs which commenced in the first quarter of 2016. See note 4 to the table
“Key Indicators and Business Metrics for North America Segment,” above.

Care Coordination Patient Encounters

Care Coordination’s patient encounters for the year ended December 31, 2016 was 5,539,703
encounters and procedures as compared to 5,005,695 encounters and procedures for the same
period of 2015. The increase was driven by patient encounters and procedures provided by hospitalist
and intensivist services, Rx BMM program, urgent care centers, vascular procedures as well as
cardiovascular and endovascular services. See note 4 to the table “Key Indicators and Business
Metrics for North America Segment,” above.

EMEA Segment

Key Indicators for EMEA Segment

Change in %

as at Constant

2016 2015 reported Exchange Rates

Revenue in € M‘) 2,409 2,369 2% 4%

Health Care“) 1,169 1,104 6% 9%

Dialysis Products 1,240 1,265 (2%) 0%

Number of dialysis treatments 8,872,231 8,211,464 8%

Same market treatment growth in % 3.6% 3.8%

Operating income in € M 474 520 (9%) (9%)
Operating income margin in % 19.7% 21.9%

Delivered EBIT in€ M® 471 517 (9%) (9%)

(1) Net of patient service bad debt provision

(2) For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments, see chapter A. II. Internal management system.

Revenue

Total revenue for the EMEA Segment increased by 2% (4% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €2,409 M
for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €2,369 M for the same period of 2015. Health
Care service revenue for the EMEA Segment increased during the year ended December 31, 2016 by
6% (9% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €1,169 M from €1,104 M in the same period of 2015. The
increase at Constant Exchange Rates is a result of contributions from acquisitions (6%), same market
treatment growth (4%), and an increase in dialysis days (1%), partially offset by the effect of closed or
sold clinics (1%) and decreases in organic revenue growth per treatment (1%). Dialysis treatments
increased by 8% for the year ended December 31, 2016 over the same period in 2015 mainly due to
contributions from acquisitions (5%) and same market treatment growth (4%), partially offset by the
effect of closed or sold clinics (1%). As of December 31, 2016, we had 59,767 patients (a 9% increase
over December 31, 2015) being treated at the 711 dialysis clinics that we own, operate or manage in
the EMEA Segment compared to 54,857 patients treated at 659 clinics at December 31, 2015.

Dialysis product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 decreased by 2% (remained flat at
Constant Exchange Rates) to €1,240 M compared to €1,265 M in the same period of 2015. Dialysis
product revenue was largely static at Constant Exchange Rates due to lower sales of renal
pharmaceuticals, dialyzers and machines, mostly offset by increased sales of bloodlines, products for
acute care treatments, peritoneal dialysis products and hemodialysis solutions and concentrates.

25


--- Page 26 ---

Operating Income

Operating income decreased by 9% (9% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €474 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €520 M for the same period in 2015. Operating income margin
decreased to 19.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 21.9% for the same period in 2015
mainly due to the prior year impact from a gain from the sale of our European marketing rights for
certain renal pharmaceuticals, higher bad debt expense, lower income from equity method investees
due to product development costs and unfavorable foreign exchange effects, partially offset by fixed
costs leverage of higher sales.

Delivered EBIT

Delivered EBIT decreased by 9% (9% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €471 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €517 M for the same period in 2015 primarily due to decreased
operating income coupled with increased noncontrolling interests effects.

Asia-Pacific Segment

Key Indicators for Asia-Pacific Segment

Change in %

as at Constant

2016 2015 reported Exchange Rates

Revenue in € M‘) 1,474 1,353 9% 8%

Health Care“) 659 601 10% 3%

Dialysis Products 815 752 8% 12%

Number of dialysis treatments 4,003,957 3,790,924 6%

Same market treatment growth in % 47% 3.8%

Operating income in € M 288 268 T% 5%
Operating income margin in % 19.6% 19.8%

Delivered EBIT in € M® 282 261 8% 5%

(1) Net of patient service bad debt provision

(2) For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments, see chapter A. II. Internal management system.

Revenue

Total revenue for the Asia-Pacific Segment increased by 9% (8% at Constant Exchange Rates) to
€1,474 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €1,353 M for the same period of
2015. Health Care service revenue for the Asia-Pacific Segment increased during the year ended
December 31, 2016 by 10% (3% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €659 M from €601 M in the same
period of 2015. The increase at Constant Exchange Rates is a result of same market treatment growth
(5%), partially offset by decreases in organic revenue growth per treatment (1%) and the effect of
closed or sold clinics (1%). Dialysis treatments increased by 6% for the year ended December 31,
2016 over the same period in 2015 mainly due to same market treatment growth (5%) and
contributions from acquisitions (2%), partially offset by the effect of closed or sold clinics (1%). As of
December 31, 2016, we had 29,328 patients (a 11% increase over December 31, 2015) being treated
at the 374 dialysis clinics that we own, operate or manage in the Asia-Pacific Segment compared to
26,472 patients treated at 320 clinics at December 31, 2015.

Dialysis product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased by 8% (12% at Constant
Exchange Rates) to €815 M compared to €752 M in the same period of 2015. The increase at
Constant Exchange Rates was driven by increased sales of machines, dialyzers, bloodlines, products
for acute care treatments, peritoneal dialysis products and hemodialysis solutions and concentrates.

Operating Income

Operating income increased by 7% (5% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €288 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €268 M for the same period in 2015. Operating income margin
decreased to 19.6% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 19.8% for the same period in 2015
due to unfavorable foreign exchange effects and costs associated with changes in the Management

26


--- Page 27 ---

Board, partially offset by a favorable effect of prior year costs related to customs duty receivables in
India.

Delivered EBIT

Delivered EBIT increased by 8% (5% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €282 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €261 M for the same period in 2015 due to increased operating
income.

Latin America Segment

Key Indicators for Latin America Segment

Change in %

as at Constant
2016 2015 reported Exchange Rates
Revenue in € M“) 643 691 (7%) 13%
Health Care“) 463 511 (9%) 15%
Dialysis Products 180 180 0% T%
Number of dialysis treatments 4,770,859 4,907,181 (3%)
Same market treatment growth in % 1.9% 6.5%
Operating income in € M 59 44 37% 71%
Operating income margin in % 9.2% 6.3%
Delivered EBIT in € M® 59 44 37% 71%

(1) Net of patient service bad debt provision

(2) For further information on Delivered EBIT, including a reconciliation of Delivered EBIT to Operating Income for each of our
reporting segments, see chapter A. II. Internal management system.

Revenue

Total revenue for the Latin America Segment decreased by 7% (13% increase at Constant Exchange
Rates) to €643 M for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to €691 M for the same period
of 2015. Health Care service revenue for the Latin America Segment decreased during the year ended
December 31, 2016 by 9% (15% increase at Constant Exchange Rates) to €463 M from €511 M in the
same period of 2015. The increase at Constant Exchange Rates is a result of increases in organic
revenue per treatment (18%), growth in same market treatments (2%) and contributions from
acquisitions (2%), partially offset by the effect of closed or sold clinics (mainly in Venezuela and Brazil)
(7%). Dialysis treatments decreased by 3% for the year ended December 31, 2016 over the same
period in 2015 mainly due to the effect of closed or sold clinics (mainly in Venezuela and Brazil) (7%),
partially offset by same market treatment growth (2%), contributions from acquisitions (2%). As of
December 31, 2016, we had 30,389 patients (a 1% increase over December 31, 2015) being treated
at the 233 dialysis clinics that we own, operate or manage in the Latin America Segment compared to
30,200 patients treated at 229 clinics at December 31, 2015.

Dialysis product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 remained unchanged at €180 M (7%
increase at Constant Exchange Rates) compared to the same period of 2015. The 7% increase at
Constant Exchange Rates was driven by increased sales of dialyzers, hemodialysis solutions and
concentrates as well as bloodlines, partially offset by lower sales of peritoneal dialysis products and
machines.

Operating Income

Operating income increased by 37% (71% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €59 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €44 M for the same period in 2015. Operating income margin
increased to 9.2% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 6.3% for the same period in 2015
mainly due the prior year loss from the divestment of the dialysis service business in Venezuela and
the impact from higher revenue in the region primarily from reimbursement increases, partially offset
by higher bad debt expense, an unfavorable impact from manufacturing production costs driven by (i)
unfavorable foreign exchange effects and (ii) higher costs for quality development, as well as
unfavorable foreign exchange effects and higher costs mainly related to inflation.

27


--- Page 28 ---

Delivered EBIT

Delivered EBIT increased by 37% (71% at Constant Exchange Rates) to €59 M for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to €44 M for the same period in 2015 due to increased operating
income noted above.

Financial Position

Our investment and financing strategy did not change substantially in the past financial year. One of
the reasons is our business model, which is based on stable and high cash flows, allowing a more
consistent and higher level of debt than might be the case in other industries. We still regard our
refinancing options as being very stable and flexible. During the fiscal year, the focus of our investing
activities was on our health care services business.

Financial management policies and goals

Besides optimizing our financial costs, financial flexibility takes top priority within Fresenius Medical
Care’s financing strategy. We ensure this flexibility by using a wide range of financial instruments and
securing a high level of diversification with regard to our investors and banks. Our financing profile is
characterized by a wide range of maturities up to 2024.

The main financing instrument is the syndicated credit agreement with revolving credit facilities as well
as long-term loans in U.S. dollar and euro. In addition, we use several other mid and long-term
financing instruments, mainly including senior notes in U.S. dollar and euro and Convertible Bonds.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus primarily on the leverage ratio, defined as debt/EBITDA
ratio. At the end of 2016 and 2015, the debt/EBITDA ratio was at 2.4 and 2.8, respectively.

The key financial risks we are exposed to include foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk. In order
to manage these risks, we enter into various hedging transactions with banks that have been
authorized by the Management Board of our general partner and which generally have ratings in the
“A” Category or better. We do not use financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes
(for financial risks, see also Chapter E. Report on risks and opportunities, Part Il. Risks, 3. Other
risks).

Our parent, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Fresenius SE), as provided for under a service agreement,
conducts financial instrument activity for us under the control of a single centralized department.
Fresenius SE has established guidelines that we have agreed to, for risk assessment procedures and
controls for the use of financial instruments. They include a clear segregation of duties with regard to
execution on one side and administration, accounting and controlling on the other.

We also utilize Fresenius SE’s cash management system for the settlement of certain intercompany
receivables and payables with its subsidiaries and other related parties.

Effect of off-balance-sheet financing instruments on our financial position and assets and
liabilities

Fresenius Medical Care is not involved in off-balance-sheet transactions that are likely to materially
affect its financial position, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, assets or capitalization.

Sources of liquidity

Our primary sources of liquidity are typically cash provided by operating activities, cash provided by
short-term debt from third parties and related parties, as well as proceeds from the issuance of long-
term debt and equity securities. We require this capital primarily to finance working capital needs, fund
acquisitions and joint ventures, develop free-standing renal dialysis clinics and other health care
facilities, purchase equipment for existing or new renal dialysis clinics and production sites, repay debt
and pay dividends (see “Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities” and “Net Cash Provided
By (Used In) Financing Activities” below).

At December 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of €709 M.

Free Cash Flow (Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, after capital expenditures, before
acquisitions and investments) amounted to €1,017 M in 2016. Free Cash Flow in % of revenue
remained flat at 6% in 2016 compared to 2015.

28


--- Page 29 ---

The following table shows the significant cash flow key performance indicators for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015.

Significant Cash Flow Key Performance Indicators

in€M
2016 2015
Revenue 16,570 15,455
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 1,932 1,767
Capital expenditures (931) (859)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 16 16
Capital expenditures, net (915) (843)
Free cash flow 1,017 924
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in % of revenue 12% 11%
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6% 6%

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

During 2016 and 2015 we generated net cash provided by operating activities of €1,932 M and €1,767
M, respectively. In % of revenue net cash provided by (used in) operating activities was 12% for the
year ended December 31, 2016 compared to 11% the same period of 2015.

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is impacted by the profitability of our business, the
development of our working capital, principally inventories, receivables and cash outflows that occur
due to a number of specific items as discussed below. The increase in 2016 versus 2015 was mainly a
result of a decreased volume of health care supplies, particularly due to erythropoietin-stimulating
agents as well as increased earnings, partially offset by unfavorable effects from other working capital
items and a $100 M (€90 M) discretionary contribution to pension plan assets in the United States.

The profitability of our business depends significantly on reimbursement rates. Approximately 82% of
our revenues are generated by providing health care services, a major portion of which is reimbursed
by either public health care organizations or private insurers. Legislative changes could affect
reimbursement rates for a significant portion of the services we provide, as well as the scope of
coverage. A decrease in reimbursement rates or the scope of coverage could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and thus on our capacity to
generate cash flow. While we have generally experienced stable reimbursement globally, including the
balancing of unfavorable reimbursement changes in certain countries with favorable changes in other
countries, the stability of reimbursement in the U.S. has been affected by (i) the implementation of the
ESRD PPS in the U.S. in January 2011, (ii) the U.S. Sequestration cuts, (iii) the phased reduction to
the ESRD PPS rate to account for the decline in utilization of certain drugs and biologicals associated
with dialysis and (iv) the enactment of PAMA, and could be affected by (v) the CMS rule published on
November 15, 2016 that modifies certain payment policies, payment rates and quality provisions in the
Pyhsician Fee Schedule for calendar year 2017.

We intend to continue to address our current cash and financing requirements using cash provided by
operating activities, our existing and future credit agreements, issuances under the Commercial Paper
Program (see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and the issuance of
debt securities. In addition, when funds are required for acquisitions or to meet other needs, we expect
to successfully complete long-term financing arrangements, such as the issuance of senior notes. We
aim to preserve financial resources with a minimum of $500 M of committed and unutilized credit
facilities.

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities depends on the collection of accounts receivable.
Commercial customers and governments generally have different payment cycles. A lengthening of
their payment cycles could have a material adverse effect on our capacity to generate cash flow. In
addition, we could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under some
countries’ legal systems and due to the economic conditions in some countries. Accounts receivable

29


--- Page 30 ---

balances, net of valuation allowances, represented DSO of 70 at December 31, 2016, a decrease as
compared to 71 at December 31, 2015.

DSO by segment is calculated by dividing the segment’s accounts receivable, as converted to U.S.
dollars using the average exchange rate for the period presented, less any value added tax included in
the receivables, by the average daily sales for the last twelve months of that segment, as converted to
U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate for the period. Receivables and sales are adjusted for
amounts related to acquisitions made during the reporting period with a purchase price above a $50 M
threshold as defined in the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement.

The development of DSO by reporting segment is shown in the table below:

Development of Days Sales Outstanding

in days, December 31, 2016 2015
North America days sales outstanding 54 53
EMEA days sales outstanding 101 104
Asia-Pacific days sales outstanding 105 113
Latin America days sales outstanding 143 141
FMC-AG & Co. KGaA average days sales outstanding 70 71

The DSO increase in the North America Segment is largely due to a release of bad debt reserves in
our dialysis business, which is partially offset by increased bad debt reserves in our Care Coordination
business. The EMEA Segment’s DSO decrease reflects increased sales in the region coupled with
fluctuations in payments of public health care organizations. The Asia-Pacific Segment’s DSO
decrease reflects an improvement of payment collections in China. The Latin America Segment’s DSO
increase reflects periodic delays in payment of public health care organizations in certain countries.

Due to the fact that a large portion of our reimbursement is provided by public health care
organizations and private insurers, we expect that most of our accounts receivable will be collectible.

We are subject to ongoing and future tax audits in the U.S., Germany and other jurisdictions. We have
received notices of unfavorable adjustments and disallowances in connection with certain of the
audits. We are contesting, including appealing, certain of these unfavorable determinations. If our
objections and any final audit appeals are unsuccessful, we could be required to make additional tax
payments, including payments to state tax authorities reflecting the adjustments made in our federal
tax returns in the U.S. With respect to other potential adjustments and disallowances of tax matters
currently under review, we do not anticipate that an unfavorable ruling could have a material impact on
our results of operations. We are not currently able to determine the timing of these potential additional
tax payments.

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities
We used net cash of €1,246 M and €902 M in investing activities during 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment, net of proceeds from sales of property, plant
and equipment were €915 M and €843 M for the years ended 2016 and 2015; respectively. During
2016, capital expenditures were €514 M in the North America Segment, €228 M at Corporate, €107 M
for the EMEA Segment, €35 M for the Asia-Pacific Segment and €31 M for the Latin America
Segment. During 2015, capital expenditures were €433 M in the North America Segment, €235 M at
Corporate, €101 M for the EMEA Segment, €42 M for the Latin America Segment and €32 M for the
Asia-Pacific Segment. The majority of our capital expenditures were used for maintaining existing
clinics, equipping new clinics, maintenance and expansion of production facilities (primarily in the
North America Segment, Germany and France) and capitalization of machines provided to our
customers and for Care Coordination. In 2016 capital expenditures were approximately 6% of total
revenue as compared to 5% in 2015, respectively.

In addition to the capital expenditures discussed above, we invested approximately €522 M cash in
2016, €314 M in the North America Segment, €166 M in the EMEA Segment, €21 M at Corporate,
€13 M in the Asia-Pacific Segment and €8 M in the Latin America Segment. The investment during
2016 is primarily related to acquisitions of dialysis clinics, available for sale financial assets,
acquisitions in our hospitalist and intensivist business, and a loan provided to an equity method
investee in the North America Segment. In the EMEA Segment, we acquired a medical technology

30


--- Page 31 ---

company focusing on the treatment of lung and cardiac failure as well as dialysis clinics. In the Asia-
Pacific Segment and Latin America Segment, we acquired dialysis clinics. During 2016, we received
€191 M from divestitures, mainly related to available for sale financial assets of approximately €117 M
and a repayment of unsecured loans provided to an equity method investee in 2015 and 2016 of
approximately €72 M. During 2015, we invested approximately €286 M cash, €206 M in the North
America Segment, €49M in the EMEA Segment, €18 M at Corporate, €12M in the Asia-Pacific
Segment and €1 M in the Latin America Segment. The investment in the North America Segment was
mainly driven by available for sale financial assets, the acquisition of dialysis clinics and notes
receivables related to an equity method investee. The investment in the EMEA Segment largely
relates to the acquisition of dialysis clinics and the contribution to an equity method investee. The
investment in the Asia-Pacific Segment was mainly driven by the takeover of a distributor. During
2015, we received €227 M from divestitures, primarily driven by a €162 M repayment of an investment
in the form of subordinated notes, €29M related to the sale of our European marketing rights for
certain renal pharmaceuticals, €19 M repayment of an unsecured loan provided to an equity method
investee in 2014, as well as €8M from the sale of our plasma collection device manufacturing
business to Fresenius Kabi USA, Inc. (see Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

We anticipate capital expenditures of €1.1 — 1.2 BN and expect to make acquisitions of approximately
€0.75 BN in 2017. See Chapter D “Report on expected developments” below.

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was €520 M during 2016 compared to €907 M during 2015.

During 2016, cash was mainly used for the repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations,
repayments of short-term debt, distributions to noncontrolling interests as well as payment of
dividends, partially offset by proceeds from short-term debt and the increase in the utilization of our
Accounts Receivable Facility. During 2015, cash was mainly used for repayments of long-term debt,
repayments of short-term debt, a reduction in the Accounts Receivable Facility, distributions to
noncontrolling interests and the payment of dividends, partially offset by proceeds from short-term
debt, proceeds from the exercise of stock options, contributions from noncontrolling interests, and
proceeds from short-term debt from related parties.

On May 13, 2016, we paid a dividend with respect to 2015 of €0.80 per share (for 2014 paid in 2015:
€0.78). The total dividend payment was €244 M and €237 M in 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The following table summarizes our significant financing instruments as well as their maturity, currency
and interest rate structure at December 31, 2016:

31


--- Page 32 ---

Interest Rate Exposure

in€M
Fair Value
There- Dec. 31,
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 after Total 2016
FLOATING RATE U.S. DOLLAR DEBT
Principal payments on Senior Credit Agreement
Variable interest rate = 2.15% 190 190 1,622 - - - 2,002 2,000
Accounts receivable securitization program
Variable interest rate = 1.00% - - _ 166 - - - 166 166
FLOATING RATE EURO DEBT
Principal payments on Senior Credit Agreement
Variable interest rate = 1.25% 24 24 204 - - - 252 249
FIXED RATE U.S. DOLLAR DEBT
Senior Notes 2007/2017;
Fixed interest rate = 6.875% 474 : : : : : 474 487
Senior Notes 2011/2018;
Fixed interest rate = 6.50% - _379 : : : - 379 402
Senior Notes 2011/2021;
Fixed interest rate = 5.75% - : : : 617 - 617 667
Senior Notes 2012/2019;
Fixed interest rate = 5.625% : = _ 759 : : : 759 807
Senior Notes 2012/2022;
Fixed interest rate = 5.875% : : : : : 664 664 728
Senior Notes 2014/2020;
Fixed interest rate = 4.125% : : = _ 474 : : 474 490
Senior Notes 2014/2024;
Fixed interest rate = 4.75% - - : : - 379 379 387
FIXED RATE EURO DEBT
Senior Notes 2011/2018
Fixed interest rate = 6.50% - _ 400 - - - - 400 442
Senior Notes 2011/2021
Fixed interest rate = 5.25% - - - - 300 - 300 353
Senior Notes 2012/2019
Fixed interest rate = 5.25% - - _ 250 - - - 250 281
Equity-Neutral Convertible Bonds 2014/2020
Fixed interest rate = 1.125% : : = _ 400 : : 400 502
INTEREST RATE DERIVATIVES
Euro Payer Swaps Notional Amount 24 24 204 - - - 252 (1)

Average fixed pay rate = 0.32% 0.32% 0.32% 0.32% 0.32%
Receive rate = 3-month EURIBOR

All variable interest rates depicted above are as of December 31, 2016.

For a description of our short-term debt see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. For a description of our long-term sources of liquidity, including the 2012 Credit
Agreement, the Senior Notes, the equity-neutral convertible bonds and the Accounts Receivable
Facility, see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The following table summarizes our available sources of liquidity at December 31, 2016:

32


--- Page 33 ---

Available Sources of Liquidity

in€M
Expiration per period of
less than 1 Over 5
Total Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Years
Accounts Receivable Facility 578 - 578 - -
Revolving Credit Facility of the
Amended 2012 Credit Agreement ?) 1,336 - 1,336 - -
Other Unused Lines of Credit 230 230 : : :
2,144 230 1,914 - -

(1) Subject to availability of sufficient accounts receivable meeting funding criteria. At December 31, 2016, the Company had
letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $16 M (€15 M) which reduces the availability under the Accounts Receivable
Facility to the amount shown in this table.

(2) At December 31, 2016, the Company had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $3 M (€3 M) which reduces the
availability under the Revolving Credit Facility to the amount shown in this table.

An additional source of liquidity is our Commercial Paper Program under which up to €1,000 M of
short-term notes can be issued on a flexible and continuous basis. The maturity of the notes issued
may not exceed two years less one day. As of December 31, 2016 €476 M was outstanding under the
Commercial Paper Program.

The amount of guarantees and other commercial commitments at December 31, 2016 was not
significant.

At December 31, 2016, we had short-term debt, excluding the current portion of long-term debt, and
short-term debt from related parties in the total amount of €575 M.

The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2016, our obligations and commitments to make
future payments under our long-term debt and other long-term obligations, and our commitments and
obligations under lines of credit and letters of credit.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

in€M
Payments due by period of
less than 1 Over 5
Total Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Years
Long-term Debt 8,674 1,031 4,512 2,010 1,121
Capital Lease Obligations 54 13 16 9 16
Operating Leases 3,960 702 1,139 828 1,291
Unconditional Purchase Obligations
for inventory 419 202 181 36 -
Other Long-term Obligations) 177 102 69 6 -
Letters of Credit 18 : 18 : :
13,302 2,050 5,935 2,889 2,428

(1) Our pension liabilities are not included in the table of contractual obligations and commitments. The regular or special
funding of our pension plans may adversely affect our liquidity in the future periods. The liability recognized in our
consolidated financial statements may fluctuate significantly in future periods due to changes in assumptions, in particular the
discount rate, rate of future compensation increases and pension progression. Actual results could differ from assumptions
due to changing market, economic and governmental regulatory conditions, thereby resulting in an increase or decrease of
the liability. Employer contributions expected to be paid to the defined benefit plans during fiscal year 2017 are €1,1 M. For
additional information regarding our pension plans and expected payments for the next ten years, see Note 16 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

(2) Includes expected interest payments which are based upon the principal repayment schedules and fixed interest rates or
estimated variable interest rates considering the applicable interest rates (e.g. Libor, Prime), the applicable margins, and the
effects of related interest rate swaps.

(3) Other Long-term Obligations consist mainly of production asset acquisition commitments.

33


--- Page 34 ---

Our Amended 2012 Credit Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Accounts Receivable Facility include
covenants that require us to maintain certain financial ratios or meet other financial tests. Under our
Amended 2012 Credit Agreement and our Accounts Receivable Facility, we are subject to a maximum
consolidated leverage ratio (ratio of consolidated funded debt less cash and cash equivalents to
consolidated EBITDA) as these terms are defined in these financing agreements. Other covenants in
one or more of each of these agreements restrict or have the effect of restricting our ability to dispose
of assets, incur debt, pay dividends, create liens or engage in sale-lease backs.

The breach of any of the covenants in any of the instruments or agreements governing our material
long-term debt — Amended 2012 Credit Agreement, the Senior Notes or the Accounts Receivable
Facility — could, in turn, create additional defaults under one or more of the other instruments or
agreements. In default, the outstanding balance under the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement becomes
due at the option of the lenders under that agreement, and the “cross default” provisions in our other
long-term debt permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the other debt upon such a default as
well. As of December 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Amended 2012
Credit Agreement and our other financing agreements. For information regarding our Amended 2012
Credit Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Accounts Receivable Facility, see Note 14 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Although, current and future economic conditions could adversely affect our business and our
profitability, we believe that we are well positioned to continue to grow our business while meeting our
financial obligations as they come due. Due to the non-discretionary nature of the health care services
we provide, the need for products utilized to provide such services and the availability of government
reimbursement for a substantial portion of our health care services, our business is generally not
cyclical. A substantial portion of our accounts receivable are generated by governmental payors. While
payment and collection practices vary significantly between countries and even between agencies
within one country, government payors usually represent low to moderate credit risks. However,
limited or expensive access to capital could make it more difficult for our customers to do business
with us, or to do business generally, which could adversely affect our business by causing our
customers to reduce or delay their purchases of our dialysis products. See “Results of operations”
above. If the current conditions in the credit and equity markets continue, or worsen, they could also
increase our financing costs and limit our financial flexibility.

Our General Partner’s Management Board will propose to the shareholders at our Annual General
meeting on May 11, 2017, a dividend with respect to 2016 and payable in 2017, of €0.96 per share
(for 2015 paid in 2016: €0.80). The total expected dividend payment is approximately €294 M
compared to dividends of €244 M paid in 2016 with respect to 2015. The Amended 2012 Credit
Agreement provides for a limitation on dividends and other restricted payments which is €440 M in
2017 and increases in subsequent years. Additional dividends and other restricted payments may be
made subject to the maintenance of a maximum leverage ratio.

Our 2017 principal financing needs are the repayment of Senior Notes and the quarterly payments
under our Amended 2012 Credit Agreement Term Loan. These payments as well as our dividend
payment of approximately €294 M in May 2017 and the anticipated capital expenditures and
acquisition payments are expected to be covered by our cash flows, by using existing credit facilities
and if required by additional debt financing. We currently have sufficient flexibility under our debt
covenants to meet our financing needs in the near future. Generally, we believe that we will have
sufficient financing to achieve our goals in the future and to continue to promote our growth.

Net assets
Net assets and capital structure

Our total assets were €25,504 M, an increase of €2,257 M (10%) over the prior year. At Constant
Exchange Rates total assets would have increased by €1,592 M (7%) to €24,838 M.

Non-current assets increased by €1,545 M (9%) to €18,620 M in 2016 and remained stable at 73% of
total assets. At Constant Exchange Rates, they would have increased by 6% to €18,105 M compared
to prior year. This was primarily a result of the increase in goodwill due to business combinations and
the increase in capital expenditures.

Current assets increased by 12% to €6,884 M (an increase of 9% at Constant Exchange Rates). The
increase at Constant Exchange Rates was mainly the result of an increase in trade accounts
receivable, an increase in cash and cash equivalents and higher inventories due to increased finished
goods.

34


--- Page 35 ---

On the liability side of the balance sheet our total liabilities were €14,452 M at December 31, 2016, an
increase of €1,011 M (8%) from €13,441 M in 2015. At Constant Exchange Rates, total liabilities would
have increased by 5%. This increase at Constant Exchange Rates was mainly a result of higher short-
term debt, an increase of provisions and other current liabilities due to higher noncontrolling interests
subject to put provisions and higher accrued expenses for salaries and wages, an increase in
accounts payable to related parties and an increase in current portion of long-term debt, partially offset
by a decrease of long-term debt. Additionally, there is an increase in non-current provisions and other
non-current liabilities due to higher payments outstanding for acquisitions and higher accrued
expenses for salaries and wages.

€1,299 M of our debt are current liabilities, an increase of €570 M (€556M at Constant Exchange
Rates) as compared to €729M last year. The increase was mainly a result of the issuance of
Commercial Paper and the reclassification of dollar-denominated Senior Notes to current liabilities as
these notes mature during the third quarter of 2017. This was partially offset by the repayment of euro-
denominated Senior Notes that matured in the third and fourth quarter of 2016. Long-term debt
decreased to €6,833 M from €7,214 M in the prior year, a decrease by €381 M (€549 M at Constant
Exchange Rates). This decrease at Constant Exchange Rates was mainly a result of the
reclassification of dollar-denominated Senior Notes to current liabilities and the quarterly repayment of
the Amended 2012 Credit Agreement. The decrease was partially offset by additional drawings under
the Accounts Receivable Facility. See also Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Shareholders’ equity increased by 13% to €11,051 M. The change is mainly due to the net income,
effects of exchange rate fluctuations and proceeds from exercised stock options. This increase was
partially offset by dividend payments and the valuation of noncontrolling interests subject to put
provisions at fair value. The equity to assets ratio increased to 43% at December 31, 2016 from 42%
at December 31, 2015.

On group level the ROIC increased from 7.1% at December 31, 2015 to 7.8% at December 31, 2016.
Within the position invested capital the goodwill had a significant impact on the calculation of the
ROIC. In 2016 the ROIC on group level substantially exceeded our cost of capital. The Weighted
Average Cost of Capital was 5.5%.

For supplementary information on capital management and capital structure see also Note 18 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Management’s general assessment

In a challenging environment, 2016 was a positive year for Fresenius Medical Care. Despite a
difficult reimbursement situation in the U.S., we met our targets and continued to grow. Compared
with 2015, we managed to increase our revenue by 7% to $17.9 BN, setting a new record.
Adjusted net income for 2016 rose by 16% to $1.2 BN. These results were driven particularly by
lower cost for health care supplies and by strong organic growth in the area of health care
services in North America. More information can be found in chapter B. Report on economic
position, section Il. Course of business.

In 2016, we also continued to expand Care Coordination. This expansion requires time and
investment as well as an extensive understanding of the market dynamics. One current example
is our largest market, the U.S.: In the new U.S. reimbursement system, health care service
providers are increasingly being paid for the overall treatment outcome rather than for individual
units of care delivered. In our core business and with the expansion of Care Coordination, we
have been preparing for this switch for some time to ensure that we have the requisite structures
in place. With our many years of experience in the dialysis market, we are uniquely placed to use
this development as a long-term opportunity.

To boost our profitability in the years ahead, we continued to pursue our Global Efficiency
Program in 2016, making further cost savings. By the end of the fiscal year, we actually exceeded
our target of achieving savings of $300 M before tax.

In addition, we continued our investment activities at an undiminished pace. We invested around
$1.0 BN in 2016, mainly in equipping existing and new dialysis clinics, preserving and expanding
production capacity, continuing to set up Care Coordination, and providing dialysis machines to
customers.

35


--- Page 36 ---

In 2016, at Group level, we defined return on invested capital (ROIC) as a new key performance
indicator for assessing our corporate development. ROIC was 7.8% as of December 31, 2016.
When calculating ROIC, goodwill is a key factor in the "invested capital" item. ROIC significantly
exceeded our capital costs in 2016. The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) amounted to
5.5%.

With our strategic decisions and activities in 2016, we have set the course for the future.
Fresenius Medical Care stands on strong foundations. We aim to build on these in the next few
years.

At the time this Group Management Report was prepared, the Management Board continued to
assess the development of the Company as positive.

C. Report on post-balance sheet date events
Please refer to Note 27 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

D. Report on expected developments
The Management’s general assessment

We remain optimistic regarding the performance of Fresenius Medical Care in the years to come. We
aim to further expand our core business with dialysis products and services in the future, too. Despite
this, we will be operating in a challenging business environment in which cost increases are not
adequately reflected in higher reimbursement rates. This particularly applies to the U.S., Fresenius
Medical Care’s most important market in terms of business volume. Due to our strong operating basis
in dialysis and the expansion of Care Coordination, we expect to grow our income in the current
financial year and beyond.

The report on expected developments describes how Fresenius Medical Care is expected to perform
in fiscal year 2017. The report on expected developments takes all events known at the time of the
preparation of the financial statements into account which could affect the development of our
business in 2017. As in the past, we are committed to achieve and, if possible to exceed our targets.

Sector-specific environment — Dialysis market

For 2017 the Company expects the worldwide annual growth in the number of dialysis patients to be
about 6%. Some significant regional differences are likely to remain: the Company anticipates a
growth in patient numbers in the U.S., Japan and Western and Central Europe of 0 to 4%. In these
regions, the prevalence of chronic kidney failure is already relatively high and patients generally have
readily available access to treatment, usually dialysis. Growth rates in economically weaker regions
are even higher. We expect a continuing growth in patient numbers in the coming years as well.

Demographic factors are one of the main reasons for the continued growth of dialysis markets,
including the aging population and the increasing incidence of patients with diabetes and
hypertension, two diseases that often precede ESRD. In addition, life expectancy of dialysis patients is
increasing due to continual improvements in treatment quality and higher standards of living, even in
developing countries.

As a result of improved infrastructure, the establishment of health care systems and the expansion of
chronic disease in Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa we expect
higher dialysis growth rates in the future. This opens up a great potential for the whole spectrum of
dialysis services and products, as a large part of the world’s population lives in these regions.

We do not expect any significant changes regarding treatment methods. Hemodialysis will remain the
treatment of choice, accounting for about 88% of all dialysis therapies. Peritoneal dialysis will continue
to be the preferred treatment for about 12% of all dialysis patients.

36


--- Page 37 ---

The volume of the worldwide dialysis market, which amounted to about $76 BN last year according to
preliminary estimates, is expected to increase by around 4%. This is based on the assumption that
exchange rates will remain stable in the forecasting period. The overall volume of the dialysis market
could thus reach around $79 BN by 2017.

In addition, the reimbursement and ancillary services utilization environment significantly influences
our business. In the U.S., our biggest sales market, the reimbursements of governmental institutions
are lower than the reimbursements of private insurers and managed care organizations. Therefore a
change in the portion of reimbursements by private insurers in the US influences our business.

Business Performance of the Company in 2017

Fresenius Medical Care’s outlook for 2017 is based on exchange rates prevailing at the beginning of
2017. The expected revenue and earnings development described below excludes the contributions
from the agreement with the United States Departments of Veterans Affairs and Justice for services
provided to veterans by our clinics during the period January 2009 through February 15, 2011. The
agreement is expected to increase our revenue in 2017 by approximately € 100 M. The estimated
positive impact on our net income (net income attributable to shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA) is
expected to be approximately € 45 — 50 M.

Revenue

We aim to further increase our revenue at constant exchange rates by 8 - 10% in 2017.

Results

We expect growth in operating income for 2017 to grow with revenue or even exceed revenue growth.
Delivered EBIT is expected to grow approximately in line with revenue.

We aim to achieve an increase in net income (net income attributable to shareholders of FMC-AG &
Co. KGaA) at constant exchange rates by 7 — 9% in 2017.

Basic earnings per share are expected to show the same development as net income in 2017
compared to 2016.
Capital Expenditures and Acquisitions and Investments

In 2017 we intend to spend around €1.85 — 1.95 BN for capital expenditures and acquisitions and
investments. Capital expenditures should account for €1.1 — 1.2 BN in 2017. Around 50% of this
amount is earmarked for expansion investments. Approximately €0.75 BN is to be used for mainly
bold-on acquisitions and equity investments in health care.

Capital expenditures will primarily be used to expand our worldwide production capacities and
rationalize production processes, equipping new dialysis clinics and distributors as well as for
maintenance.

Liquidity

Cash flow

In 2017 net cash provided by operating activities in percent of revenue is again expected to account
for more than 10% of revenue.

In 2017 free cash flow in percent of revenue is again expected to account for more than 4% of
revenue.
Debt/EBITDA ratio (leverage ratio)

Fresenius Medical Care uses the leverage ratio (debt/EBITDA ratio) as a guideline in its long-term
financial planning. The ratio was 2.6 at the end of 2016. For the end of 2017 the target figure is
expected to be better than 2.5.

Rentability
We expect an improvement in ROIC from 7.8% in 2016 to at least 8.0%.

37


--- Page 38 ---

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Due to the anticipated expansion in business, we expect the number of employees to grow in all
regions in 2017, particularly for health care. By the end of 2017 the number of employees working for
Fresenius Medical Care is estimated to increase to more than 117,000 (full-time equivalents).
Research and development

In 2017 our target is to spend for research and development €150 - 160 M. The number of personnel
concerned (currently 794 full-time equivalents) should not change significantly.

The expected developments might be negative influenced by unfavorable developments. See also
risks with potential effect on the 1 year forecast in the report on risks and opportunities (Chapter E.,
Part Il).

The following table provides an overview of the Targets:

Targets 2017 - determined in euro based on IFRS

Results 2016 Targets 2017

Revenue") €16.6 BN Growth 8 - 10%
( at Constant Exchange Rates)

Operating income €2.4 BN Growth 2 revenue growth
Delivered EBIT €2.1 BN Growth ~ revenue growth
Net income?) €1.1 BN
Net income growth'2) 7-9%
( at Constant Exchange Rates)
Basic earnings per share growth'")2) based on development of net income
Capital Expenditures €0.9 BN €1.1-1.2 BN
Acquisitions and investments €0.3 BN ~ €0.75 BN

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

in % of revenue 11.7% > 10%
Free cash flow in % of revenue 6.1% >4%
Debt/EBITDA Ratio 2.6 <2.5
ROIC. 7.8% = 8.0%
Employees) 109,319 > 117,000
Research and development expenses €147M €150 - 160 M

(1) Targets 2017 exclude the effects of the agreement with the United States Departments of Veterans Affairs and Justice
(2) Net income attributable to shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA
(3) Full-time equivalents

Growth strategy 2020

In 2014 we set ourselves new long-term targets with our growth strategy 2020 (,Vision 2020”). This
growth strategy expressed a goal to increase revenues to $28 billion, in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
by fiscal year 2020. In accordance with IFRS in euro, this revenue goal would be €21 billion by fiscal
year 2020 utilizing the currency exchange rates at the time Vision 2020 was presented in April 2014.
At currency rates prevailing at the beginning of 2017, this vision represents revenue of €24 billion in
2020. In addition, we indicated average annual revenue growth of approximately 10% and average
annual growth of net income attributable to shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA in the high single-
digits, these goals are unchanged.

38


--- Page 39 ---

E. Report on risks and opportunities

Risk and opportunities management

As an enterprise with global operations, the Company is naturally exposed to risks associated with its
business activities. Ultimately, the Company can only leverage opportunities for its business: if it is
willing to take certain risks. Many years of expertise and the Company's extensive knowledge of the
markets enable it to uncover and assess risks and opportunities for its business.

The Company sees risk management as the ongoing task of determining, analyzing and evaluating
the spectrum of actual and potential risks within the Company’s operations and its environment, and,
where possible, taking corrective measures. The risk management system, which is described in more
detail below, provides the Company with a basis for these activities. It enables management to identify
risks that could jeopardize the Company’s growth or going concern, and to take steps to minimize any
negative impact. As such, it is an important component of the Company’s management and
governance.

Long-term success for the Company is secured by actively managing opportunities. The aim here is to
identify and assess opportunities as early as possible, and to initiate appropriate measures so that
opportunities can be turned into business successes for the Company. Identified long-term and
medium-term opportunities are taken into account in our strategy and budget planning. Short-term
opportunities, provided that they are aligned with business interests and targets, are seized by on-
going business operations.

I. Risk management

1. Risk management system

Risk management is part of the Company’s integrated management system. The main objective is to
identify potential risks as early as possible to assess their impact on the business activities and, where
necessary, to take appropriate countermeasures. Due to constantly changing external as well as
internal requirements and conditions, risk management at Fresenius Medical Care is continuously
evolving. In the past financial year, Group-wide risk management began to adjust the Company’s risk
management approach in terms of its valuation methodology, the use of different risk classifications
and reporting thresholds as well as the organizational anchoring of risk management and will continue
with these activities in 2017.

The structure of the internal risk monitoring system is based on the internationally recognized
framework for company-wide risk management, the "Enterprise Risk Management - Integrated
Framework" of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
Opportunities are not covered by the implemented risk management system.

As part of the risk monitoring system, regional risk coordinators assume the task of coordinating risk
management activities within the regions and selected functions with the help of risk management
software. These activities relate to existing and potential emerging short-term as well as mid-term
risks. In addition, risk coordinators are responsible for reporting risks to the regional or function finance
boards. Twice a year, the central risk management function collects risk management reports from the
regions and functions. These reports are analyzed, consolidated and communicated to the executive
management board. The focus during this process lies on significant risks, which are above a defined
threshold.

The executive management board and central risk management are promptly informed of risks that
are estimated to be high or develop into high risks in order to ensure appropriate responses. The
effectiveness of the risk management system is monitored by the Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

The organizational structure of risk management at Fresenius Medical Care as well as the previously
described processes are shown in the following overview:

39


--- Page 40 ---

Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of Supervisory Board
a

onsolidated Risks

Management Board

Reporting of consolidated Risks

Reporting of reviewed Risks

Risk Management segments

Processing of,
At-hoc risks

Corporate

North America EMEA Asia-Pacific Latin America GRD cmq eineioss

In addition to risk reporting, standard reporting to management is an important tool for managing and
controlling risks, as well as for taking preventive measures in a timely manner. Therefore, the
Management Board of the Company is informed on a monthly basis about the industry situation, the
Company’s operating and non-operating business, and the outcome of analyses of the Company’s
earnings and financial position, as well as of the assets position on a quarterly basis.

Part of the risk management system is the Global Internal Audit department, which is regularly
informed about the results of the risk management system. This department determines risk focus
areas and audits a selected number of Company departments and subsidiaries worldwide each year.
The department works according to internationally accepted standards of the Institute of Internal
Auditors (IIA). The scope of internal auditing is widespread and involves, among others, the efficiency
of controls over business processes, the reliability of special parts of financial reporting and
compliance with accounting regulations and internal policies. The Company's locations and units to be
audited are determined annually on the basis of a selection model taking various risks into
consideration. This annual audit plan is reviewed and approved by the Management Board and the
Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board. It comprises financial audits of
individual balance sheet positions, as well as full audits of all business processes of subsidiaries or
business units. All audit reports with material observations are presented to the Management Board.
The Global Internal Audit department is also responsible for monitoring the implementation of
measures documented in the reports. The Management Board is informed about the implementation
status on a quarterly basis. The Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board
is also informed of the audit results. In 2016, a total of 49 audits were carried out at the Company’s
various worldwide sites.

Nevertheless it is important to note that even a functioning and adequate risk management system like
the Company’s cannot guarantee that all risks are fully identified and controlled.

2. Internal control and risk management system for the Group’s accounting process

The Company’s internal control system over financial reporting ensures compliance with applicable
accounting standards. The goal is to provide reasonable assurance that the Group financial
statements are issued in accordance with appropriate accounting principles. The Company's internal
reporting process is generally carried out at four levels and ensures that financial data and key figures
are reliably recorded, processed and controlled. At each of these four reporting levels - the local entity,
the region, the segment and the entire Group - the figures and data are compared regularly on a
monthly and quarterly basis with the previous year’s values, budget targets, and the latest projections.
In addition, the Management Board and the departments responsible for preparing the annual and
consolidated Group financial statements discuss all parameters, assumptions and estimates that
substantially affect the Group and segment results reported externally. The Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board also reviews current quarterly results and compares
them with budgets and projections.

The internal control system contains guidelines and instructions that ensure, for example, that all
Company transactions are recorded appropriately and presented accurately.

40


--- Page 41 ---

Further control mechanisms to ensure reliable financial reporting and correct recording of transactions
within the accounting and the consolidation process include automated and manual reconciliations, as
well as the separation of certain personnel functions to prevent potential conflicts of interest. The fact
that all process owners assess the risks of their respective processes in terms of their implications for
accounting also ensures that risks with a direct impact on financial reporting are identified and that
controls are in place to minimize these risks. Changes to accounting standards are discussed on an
ongoing basis and considered in the preparation of the financial statements. Employees responsible
for financial reporting are given regular training to be up to date with changes regarding accounting
standards. The consolidation is performed centrally by the department which is responsible for the
group accounting. The basis for the consolidation is derived from reporting packages and sub-group
consolidated financial statements prepared and submitted by the local group entities. The preparation
of the reporting packages and the sub-group consolidated financial statements is performed according
to the requirements and guidelines issued by the department which is responsible for the group
accounting.

Furthermore, the Company has implemented comprehensive quality management systems and a
compliance program, which is monitored regularly, in all of its regions with the intention to ensure that
its business activities are in line with recognized standards as well as local laws and regulations.
Monitoring compliance is a management task at all the Company’s decision-making levels. An
important element of the compliance program is the code of conduct that is based on our core values
and implemented in all of our business regions. It encourages the employees worldwide to conduct
themselves in a professional and responsible manner at all times.

As the Company is also listed on the New York Stock Exchange, it is required to adhere to the
requirements of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“SOX”). Section 404 of this federal law stipulates that
the management boards of companies listed in the U.S. must take responsibility for implementing and
adhering to an appropriate internal control system to produce reliable financial reporting. Based on this
requirement, the design and operating effectiveness of the internal control system over financial
reporting are routinely tested and considered in regular internal audits. These criteria are also included
in the review by the Company's independent auditors.

To assess the effectiveness of the internal control system over financial reporting, the Company
applies the criteria of the COSO model. This was developed by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and is recognized as a standard by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”). In accordance with the COSO model, the internal control system over
financial reporting is divided into the five components: control environment, risk assessment, control
activities, information and communication, as well as the monitoring of the internal control system.
Each of these components is regularly documented, tested and assessed. Within the revised COSO
model, the before mentioned components are explained by 17 principles, which are supported by 85
points of focus. The Company aligned its internal controls to fulfil the requirements of the COSO
model.

The Company's review of the internal control system over financial reporting complies with a specific
SEC guideline (Commission Guidance Regarding Management's Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). For the
review, the Company uses software which takes into account the definitions and requirements of this
guideline. In a first step, regional project teams coordinate the assessment of the internal control
system in each region, after which the results are consolidated for the whole Group. Based on this,
management then evaluates the effectiveness of the internal control system for the current fiscal year.
External advisers are consulted as needed. A corporate steering committee meets several times a
year to review changes and new requirements of SOX, to discuss possible control deficiencies, and
derive further measures. In addition, in its meetings, the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Supervisory Board is informed regularly of the results of management's assessment.

As at December 31, 2016, management assessed the Company’s internal control system over
financial reporting and deemed it effective.

Internal control systems over financial reporting are subject to inherent limitations, no matter how
carefully they are designed. As a result, there is no absolute assurance that financial reporting
objectives can be met, nor that misstatements will always be prevented or detected.

Il. Risks

The following section describes significant risk factors which could have significant impact on our
group business operations. In the course of the risk assessment an estimation of the risks takes place

41


--- Page 42 ---

regarding the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact in the respective assessment period,

allowing a prioritization of the risks into the classifications “low” “medium” and “high”. For the
identification of strategic developments, besides the short-term consideration (1 year forecast), risks
can also be assessed in terms of a mid-term impact within the subsequent 5 years. The scales for
classification of potential impact and likelihood as well as their localization within the risk matrix are
depicted in the two following illustrations:

Potential Description of impact Classification Likelihood
impact
Severe Material negative impact Almost certain > 90% to 100%
Major Significant negative impact Likely > 50% to 90%
Medium Moderate negative impact Possible > 10% to 50%
Low Small negative impact Unlikely 0% to 10%
Likelihood
Almost certain
High Risk
Likely
Medium Risk
Possible
Low Risk
Unlikely

Low Medium Major ‘Severe Potential impact

1. Sector-specific risks

a) Regulatory environment, quality

The Company’s operations in both its health care services business and products business are subject
to extensive governmental regulation in virtually every country in which the Company operates. The
Company is also subject to other laws of general applicability, including anti-trust laws. The applicable
regulations, which differ from country to country, cover areas that include:

the quality, safety and efficacy of medical and pharmaceutical products and supplies;
product approvals and regulatory approvals for new products or product improvements;
the operation of manufacturing facilities, laboratories and dialysis clinics;

product labeling, advertising and other promotion;

accurate reporting and billing for government and third-party reimbursement including
accurate and complete medical records to support such billing;

the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical device products and the reporting of drug
prices to government authorities;

the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of protected health information;
compliance with due diligence, warranty obligations and product liability rules and

compensation of medical directors and other financial arrangements with physicians and other
referral sources.

If the Company fails to comply with one or more of these laws or regulations, this may give rise to a
number of legal consequences. These include, in particular, loss or suspension of governmental
certifications, loss or suspension of licenses under the laws of governmental authority from which we

42


--- Page 43 ---

generate substantial revenues, monetary and administrative penalties, recall actions and claims for
damages, increased costs for compliance with government orders, complete or partial exclusion from
government reimbursement programs, refunds of payments received from government payors and
government health care program beneficiaries due to any failures to meet applicable requirements or
complete or partial curtailment of the Company’s authority to conduct business. In the end, these types
of risks could no longer be insured. Including the considerable costs of legal defense, all the
consequences mentioned above could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
results of operations and financial condition.

A number of the health care businesses in the U.S., that the Company operates is owned, or
managed, by joint ventures in which one or more hospitals, physicians or physician practice groups
hold an interest. While the Company has structured its joint venture arrangements with physicians to
comply with many of the criteria for safe harbor protection under the federal and state Anti-Kickback
Statutes, its investments in these joint venture arrangements do not satisfy all elements of such safe
harbor. If one or more of its joint ventures were found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute or
the Stark Law, the Company could be required to restructure or terminate them. The Company also
could be required to repay to Medicare amounts received by the joint ventures pursuant to any
prohibited referrals, and the Company could be subject to monetary penalties and exclusion from
Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state health care programs. Imposition of any of these
penalties could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial
condition. In 2015, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorneys for Colorado and New York
requesting information pertaining to certain of our joint venture dialysis facilities. For details, reference
is made to Note 22 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

To ensure that our products and services comply with the quality requirements, we implemented
quality management systems in the different regions. The employees have access to procedures and
work instructions to ensure that the applicable quality requirements are met. In addition, we conduct
internal reviews of the production sites and clinics to monitor compliance with quality standards of our
products and services. Furthermore, our plants and hospitals are also subject to external reviews by
the relevant supervisory authorities. Compliance programs implemented in the regions reduce the risk
of legal violations by providing general and specific rules of conduct and procedures as well as regular
training of the employees according to the specifications.

In the short-term, risks associated with the regulatory environment and quality present a low risk to the
Company and in the mid-term, they present a medium risk to the Company.

b) U.S. federal health care programs

In fiscal year 2016, the Company derived approximately 33% of its worldwide revenue from Medicare
and Medicaid reimbursements i.e. reimbursements from U.S. federal health care benefit programs.
Consequently, changes in legislation or reimbursement practices regarding e.g. the End-Stage Renal
Disease Prospective Payment System, the Physician Fee Schedule, the Clinical Laboratory Fee
Schedule, and the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System could influence the volume of
Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements for services provided and the insurance coverage. A
decrease in Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates or covered services could result in a
significant reduction in revenue and operating profit.

Parts of our health care services are reimbursed within the Medicare end stage renal disease
(“ESRD”) prospective payment system (“ESRD PPS’). The ESRD PPS’s quality incentive program
(‘QIP”), affects Medicare payments based on performance of each facility on a set of quality
measures. Dialysis facilities that fail to achieve the established quality standards have payments for a
particular year reduced by up to 2 percent, based on a prior year’s performance. CMS updates the set
of quality measures each year, adding, revising or retiring measures. A material failure by the
Company to achieve the minimum client quality standards under the QIP could materially and
adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.

As part of our business we provide our products and services within diverse health care initiatives and
models which, besides advantages, also carry risks.

Through our value-based agreements and health insurance products, we assume the risk of both
medical and administrative costs for certain patients in return for fixed periodic payments from
governmental and commercial insurers. The Company currently participates in various programs such
as the "Bundled Payments for Care Improvement" (BPCI) program, the "Comprehensive ESRD Care
initiative" of the CMS, and the "Medicare Advantage chronic special needs plans" (“MA-CSNP’”), as
well as remuneration agreements with insurers under which the Company receives a fixed

43


--- Page 44 ---

remuneration to cover all, or a defined amount of treatment costs, for a defined quantity of patients.
(Details and detailed descriptions of the above mentioned and other programs in which the Company
participates can be found in the report under Chapter A. Part V. Quality management and Chapter B.
Part |. Macroeconomic and sector-specific environment.)

Under the BPCI, we can receive additional payments if we are able to deliver quality care at a cost that
is lower than certain established benchmarks, but also have the risk of incurring financial penalties if
we are not successful in doing so. Should we fail to perform as required under the BPC initiative and
our agreement with CMS, CMS may, among other remedies, terminate our right to participate in the
BPCI program, in whole or in part. Congress is expected to consider repeal or revision of the
Affordable Care Act (“ACA”), and the position of CMS in the current U.S. administration toward
projects of this sort may differ from that under the prior U.S. administration. Such changes may affect
the project's future prospects in ways which we cannot predict.

Under CMS's new Comprehensive ESRD Care Model ("the Model"), dialysis providers and physicians
can form entities known as ESRD Seamless Care Organizations, or "ESCOs," as part of a new
payment and care delivery model that seeks to deliver better health outcomes for ESRD patients while
lowering CMS's costs. ESCOs that achieve the program's minimum quality thresholds and generate
reductions in CMS's cost of care above certain thresholds for the ESRD patients covered by the
ESCO will receive a share of the cost savings. ESCOs that include dialysis chains with more than 200
facilities are required to share in the risk of cost increases and reimburse CMS a share of any such
increases. This project was also implemented under ACA authority and is subject to the same caveat
noted above.

We have also entered into sub-capitation and other shared savings arrangements with certain payors
to provide care to Medicare Advantage ESRD patients. Under these arrangements, a baseline per
patient per month amount is established. If we provide complete care for less than the baseline, we
retain the difference. If the cost of complete care exceeds the baseline, we owe the payor the
difference.

Regarding the MA-CSNP the premiums we charge and our bids are based on our estimates of future
medical costs over the fixed contract period. Nevertheless many factors may cause actual costs to
exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. These factors may include medical cost
inflation, increased use of services, increased cost of individual services, natural catastrophes or other
large-scale medical emergencies, epidemics, the introduction of new or costly drugs, treatments and
technology, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) or other
regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. Failure to adequately price our products or
estimate the costs of providing benefits to our beneficiaries, or effectively manage our operating
expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and
cash flows. There is also the possibility that MA-CSNP will not be re-authorized by Congress. Without
Congressional action, these plans will expire on December 31, 2018. If the Special Needs plans are
not re-authorized, our insurance business financial results could be materially and adversely impacted.

The reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and
benefits are based upon assumptions and judgments concerning a number of factors, including trends
in health care costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. To the extent the
actual claims experience is less favorable than estimated based on our underlying assumptions, our
incurred losses could increase and future earnings could be adversely affected.

Our profitability is dependent in part upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals,
physicians and other health care providers. The failure to maintain or to secure cost-effective health
care provider contracts may result in a loss of beneficiaries or higher medical costs, which could
adversely affect our business.

We cannot give any assurance that we will achieve the cost savings required or contemplated by
these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.

The Company mitigated the impact of the ESRD PPS and the other legislative initiatives referenced
above with two broad measures. First, it worked with medical directors and treating physicians to
make clinical protocol changes used in treating patients consistent with the QIP and good clinical
practices, and it negotiated pharmaceutical acquisition cost savings. In addition, the Company
achieved greater efficiencies and better patient outcomes by introducing new initiatives to improve
patient care upon initiation of dialysis, increase the percentage of patients using home therapies and
achieve additional cost reductions in its clinics.

In the short-term as well as in the mid-term, risks from U.S. federal health care programs present a

44


--- Page 45 ---

medium risk for the Company.

c) Erythropoietin stimulating agents (ESAs)

Under the ESRD PPS payment for ESAs is generally included in the bundled rate; previously, it was
reimbursed separately. An interruption of supply of ESAs, or material increases in the utilization of or
acquisition costs for ESAs could materially adversely affect the Company's business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Adverse effects caused by short-term supply interruptions can be compensated by a distribution of our
ESA inventories between individual hospitals based on individual demands. Furthermore a supply
interruption could be limited by the fact that ESAs are sold in various forms and products, which can
be used for substitution purposes for currently used forms and products. In addition we conduct
intensive monitoring of the use of ESAs and its impact on the quality of treatments. Contractual
arrangements are used to mitigate a substantial increase in the cost of ESAs.

In 2015 patents on certain ESAs expired. This enables us to diversify the procurement sources and to
reduce the risks in conjunction with supply interruptions as well as with price increases.

In the short-term as well as in the mid-term, risks associated with erythropoietin-stimulating
substances present a low risk for the Company.

d) Reimbursement by private insurers

In the U.S. a portion of the dialysis treatments is reimbursed by private insurers and integrated care
organizations; these reimbursements are in general higher than the reimbursements of the public
health care systems. If these payors succeed in lowering reimbursement rates in the USA or if the
portion of reimbursements by private insurers in general drops, this could result in a significant
reduction in Company revenue and operating profit. In addition, consolidation among private insurers
may have any adverse impact on our ability to negotiate commercially reasonable rates with such
insurers.

We monitor the relationships with private health insurance companies continuously and try to hedge
the business through long-term contracts to maintain profitability.

A portion of our privately insured patients in the U.S., who depend on charitable support to cover
insurance contributions, may be forced to switch to state health insurance in the near future. If the
recent efforts to limit or abolish this usage of charitable funds in the US are successful, it could have a
material negative effect on our operating results due to lower reimbursement rates.

In the short-term as well as the mid-term, risks associated with reimbursement by private health
insurers are of medium significance.

e) Health care reforms

A number of governments have been considering proposals to modify their current health care
systems to improve access to health care and to control costs. Policymakers in several countries are
also considering reforms that could change the methodology used to reimburse providers of health
care services.

Any decrease in spending or other significant changes in state funding in countries in which the Group
operates, especially significant changes in the U.S. Medicare and Medicaid programs, could reduce
the Company's revenue and profitability and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
condition and results of operations.

The current U.S. administration has publicly announced its intention to pursue significant changes to
existing health care insurance programs. In addition, proposals to restructure the Medicare program in
the direction of a defined-contribution, “premium support” model and to shift Medicaid funding to a
block grant or per capita arrangement, with greater flexibility for the states, may also be considered.
Changes of this nature could have significant effects on our businesses, but, due to the continued
uncertainty about the implementation of the ACA, including potential further legal challenges to or
significant modifications to or repeal of that legislation, the outcomes and impact of such changes on
our business, financial condition and results of operations are currently impossible to quantify or
predict.

In the short-term as well as in the mid-term, risks associated with health care reforms are considered
medium.

45


--- Page 46 ---

2. Risks relating to the Company’s business

a) Growth

The health care industry has experienced significant consolidation in recent years, particularly in the
dialysis services sector. The Company’s ability to make future acquisitions depends, in part, on the
availability of financial resources and the current restrictions imposed by competition laws as well as
existing credit agreements. The integration of acquired businesses may cause problems. Furthermore
the Company’s business could be affected adversely by the failure to receive or the loss of required
licenses, certifications, or other regulatory approvals for operation of dialysis clinics or sale of
equipment, products or services.

In the mid-term risks associated with growth present a low risk to the Company

b) Competitors

The Company faces numerous competitors in both its health care services and dialysis products
business. Technological innovation has historically been a significant competitive factor in the dialysis
products business. The introduction of new products by competitors could render one or more of the
Company’s products or services less competitive or even obsolete and thus materially adversely affect
the future pricing and sale of its products and services. This also includes the launch by competitors of
generic drugs or pharmaceuticals protected by patents, which could affect the Company's sales and
distribution of pharmaceuticals for which, to some extent, the Company is obligated to make certain
minimum annual royalty payments.

To ensure our permanent competitiveness, we work closely together with physicians and scientists.
Important technological and pharmaceutical innovations are intended to be quickly identified and
further developed, if necessary also by adapting our business strategy. Moreover we secure our
competitiveness by ongoing analyzes of our market environment as well as the regulatory framework.
The market activity, especially our competitors’ products and newly launched dialysis-related products
are thoroughly monitored. The cooperation between the various technical, medical and academic
institutions within our company also ensures our competitiveness, which is finally further enhanced by
our consequent conduction of programs devoted to cost saving and efficiency increase.

Risks that arise due to competitors represent a low risk for us in the short term, as well as in the mid-
term.

c) Research and Development

The development of new products and therapies proposes a risk that the desired development goal
will not be achieved or achieved significantly later than planned. Costly and extensive preclinical and
clinical examinations are necessary until admission. All products, packaging, applications and
technologies are constantly and systematically monitored, tested and improved. We address potential
risks in the area of Research and Development (R&D) by continually analyzing, evaluating and
assessing whether the R&D projects fit into the overall strategy of Fresenius Medical Care. As a
vertically integrated company, we also benefit from direct contact with our patients and medical
professionals. Due to this close proximity to the market, we have the potential to gather important
information to develop and offer products and therapies that meet the needs of our customers.

In the mid-term, the risk associated with research and development represents a low risk to the
company.
d) Referral practices

The Company’s dialysis services business is dependent upon patients choosing the Company’s clinics
as the location for their treatments. Patients may select a clinic based, in whole or in part, on the
recommendation of their physician. If a significant number of physicians, hospitals or other health care
institutions cease referring their patients to the Company's clinics or stop purchasing or prescribing the
Company's dialysis products, this could result in loss of revenue.

In the mid-term, the risk associated with referral practices represents a low risk to the company.

e) Patents

One of the typical patent risks faced by the Company is inadequate protection in the form of patents
for technologies and products developed by the Company. This means that competitors could copy

46


--- Page 47 ---

the Company’s products without incurring comparable development costs. In addition, the Company
could infringe the patent of a competitor and thus be liable for damages; this could result in a ban on
the Company further selling the affected product. An inadequate protection of the Company’s patents
could have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

In the mid-term, risks associated with patents represent a low risk to the Company.

f) Procurement

The Company’s purchasing strategy is aimed at developing partnerships with strategic suppliers
through long-term contracts and at the same time ensuring that it has at least two sources for all
supply and price-critical primary products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing). If the Company is unable
to counteract the risk of bottleneck situations at times of limited availability of materials in spite of its
purchasing strategy in combination with ongoing monitoring of market developments, this could result
in delays in production and hence have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.
Similarly, price increases by suppliers could also adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

To prevent loss of suppliers, we monitor our supplier relationships on a regular basis. Suppliers which
are integral to our procurement functions are subject to performance- and risk-analyses. Through
constant market analyses, a demands-based design of supplier-relationships and -contracts, as well
as the use of financial instruments, possible price increases can be partially mitigated. We benefit from
international price advantages and are able to mitigate procurement risks associated with currency
fluctuations or with a dependency on individual suppliers through the intensive regional cooperation of
our procurement teams.

Risks that arise from procurement represent a low risk for us from a mid-term perspective.

g) Personnel

The Company’s continued growth in the health care business will depend upon the ability to attract
and retain skilled employees, such as highly skilled nurses and other medical personnel. Competition
for those employees is intense and the current nursing shortage has increased the Company’s
personnel and recruiting costs. Moreover, the Company considers that future success in the provider
business depends on the ability to attract and retain qualified physicians to serve as employees of or
consultants to the Company’s health care services businesses. The Company’s dialysis products
business depends on the development of new products, technologies and treatment concepts to be
competitive. Competition is also intense for skilled engineers and other technical research and
development personnel. If the Company is unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel, this could
have an adverse impact on its ability to manage future growth and on new or continued product
development and hence have an adverse impact on our profitability.

In the mid-term, risks associated with personnel present a low risk to the Company.

h) Corruption

The Company with its decentralized system has thousands of persons employed by many affiliated
companies. Training, oversight and compliance programs cannot assure protection from deliberate,
reckless or inadvertent acts of employees that violate the Company's compliance policies or anti-
corruption laws. Such violations could disrupt the Company’s business and result in a material adverse
effect on results of operations or financial condition.

The Company has received communications alleging conduct in countries outside the U.S. that may
violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) or other anti-bribery laws. The Audit and
Corporate Governance Committee of the Company’s Supervisory Board is conducting investigations
with the assistance of independent counsel. The Company voluntarily advised the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”). The Company’s
investigation and dialogue with the SEC and DOJ are ongoing. The Company has received a
subpoena from the SEC requesting additional documents and a request from the DOJ for copies of the
documents provided to the SEC. The Company is cooperating with the requests.

Conduct has been identified that may result in monetary penalties or other sanctions under the FCPA
or other anti-bribery laws. In addition, the Company's ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions
could be negatively impacted. The Company has previously recorded a non-material accrual for an
identified matter. Given the current status of the investigation, the Company cannot reasonably
estimate the range of possible loss that may result from identified matters or from the final outcome of
the investigation or remediation activities.

47


--- Page 48 ---

The Company’s independent counsel, in conjunction with the Company’s compliance department have
reviewed the Company’s anti-corruption compliance program, including internal controls related to
compliance with international anti-bribery laws, and appropriate enhancements are being
implemented. The Company is fully committed to FCPA and other anti-bribery law compliance.

Risk from corruption is considered medium in the short-term and low in the mid-term.

i) Information technology

As the Company continues to grow in size and introduces more international operations, the
processes within the Company are increasingly complex. Accordingly, it is more and more dependent
on information and communication technologies and -systems to structure its processes and
harmonize them between different regions. A breakdown of these systems could temporarily lead to
standstill of extensive parts of our business and consequently cause heavy damages. By loss of
sensitive data or non-compliance with data protection related laws, regulations and standards, our
position in competition, our reputation as well as our whole business could be threatened. Hence, The
Company uses continuously updated and newly developed hardware and software to prevent potential
security risks in the area of information technology (“IT”). Using its Information Security Management
System (“ISMS’), which is based on the internationally recognized security standard ISO 27002, the
security guidelines and processes within the Company are enhanced continuously. Business data is
backed up regularly. The frequency of these backups depends on how important the respective IT
system is for the Company’s business. Potential IT risks are covered by a detailed disaster recovery
plan, which is regularly tested and improved. The Company operates three data centers at
geographically separate locations, each with an associated disaster recovery plan, to maximize the
availability and data security of its IT systems. A mirrored infrastructure that creates a copy of critical
systems is in use.

In order to minimize organizational risks, manipulation and unauthorized access, access is protected
by passwords that must be changed regularly. Moreover, Company guidelines relating to data
protection, which also regulate the assignment of access rights, must be considered. Compliance is
monitored with controls including those relating to Section 404 of SOX. Operational and security audits
are carried out every year both internally and by external auditors.

Associated with the increased integration of IT systems into business processes the possibility exists,
that cyber-attacks can penetrate internal or external systems, cause damage or gain sensitive
information. The existing IT security architecture with different layers of security measures protects the
systems in our data centers. The access to sensitive or critical data from outside of the secured data
center networks is protected by the usage of secure protocols and cryptographic measures. Besides
that, annual penetration tests for applications with critical data (e.g. patient or personnel data) are
conducted.

Risks associated with information technology represent a medium risk to the Company; both in the
short-term as well as in the mid-term.

3. Other risks
a) Liquidity and financing

The liquidity risk is defined as the risk that a company is potentially unable to meet its financial
obligations. The Management Board of the Company manages the liquidity of the Group by means of
effective working capital and cash management as well as an anticipatory evaluation of refinancing
alternatives. The Management of the Company believes that existing credit facilities, cash flow from
operating activities and additional short-term borrowings are sufficient to meet the Company's
foreseeable demand for liquidity.

At December 31, 2016 respectively December 31, 2015, the Group had financial debt of €8.13 BN
respectively €7.94 BN. The Company’s credit agreements and notes include covenants that that
require maintaining certain financial ratios or meeting other financial tests. The covenants also restrict
the Company’s ability to dispose of assets, incur debt, pay dividends and other restricted payments,
create liens or make investments or acquisitions. The breach of any of the covenants could result in a
default and acceleration of payments of the indebtedness, which would have an adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company considers itself able
to maintain the required financial ratios at present and in the near future.

In the short-term as well as in the mid-term, risks associated with liquidity and financing present a low
risk to the Company.

48


--- Page 49 ---

b) Currencies and interests

The Company actively manages foreign currency and interest rate exposures that are part of its
normal business activities. Risk management procedures for foreign currencies and interest rate
exposures are based on strategies defined and, if necessary, adapted in close cooperation with the
Management Board, including, for example, guidelines that cover all steps and levels of the risk
management process. They define responsibilities for the determination of risks, the careful use of
financial instruments for hedging purposes and for accurate financial reporting. The use of derivative
instruments is restricted to micro hedges which are used in order to hedge exposures that arise in the
ordinary course of business. The Company does not enter into transactions for trading or other
speculative purposes. The Company enters into transactions with banks, which generally have ratings
in the “A” Category or better, as approved by the Management Board. The effectiveness of the
hedging relationships of the hedging instruments and the hedged items is tested on a quarterly basis.

The Company enters into derivatives, particularly interest rate swaps and to a certain extent, interest
rate options to protect against the risk of rising interest rates. These interest rate derivatives are
designated as cash flow hedges and have been entered into in order to effectively convert payments
based on variable interest rates into payments at a fixed interest rate. The euro-denominated interest
rate swaps expire in 2019 and have an interest rate of 0.32%. As of December 31, 2016 respectively
December 31, 2015, the notional amount of the euro-denominated interest rate swaps in place was
€252 M respectively €376 M.

Derivative foreign currency contracts are entered into for the purpose of limiting the exchange rate
exposure from sales and purchases as well as lendings and borrowings between the Company’s
subsidiaries located in different countries and reporting in different currencies. A large portion of the
transaction exposures arise from sales of products from the Company’s subsidiaries in the Euro region
to other international business units. The aggregate notional amount of foreign currency hedge
contracts as of December 31, 2016 was €1,511 M, primarily for hedging Euro exposure to the U.S.
dollar and various other currencies. Economic hedges, which are used by the Company, are
accounted for as recognized hedges in the consolidated financial statements, when necessary.

The estimation and quantification of transaction risks from foreign currencies is determined according
to the statistical model Cash Flow at Risk (“CFaR”). CFaR indicates the maximum amount of a
potential loss of the forecasted foreign exchange cash flow of the next twelve months that occurs with
a probability of 95%. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s CFaR amounts to €49 M ($52 M).

Further information on market, default and liquidity risks is included in Note 23 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In the short term, risks associated with currencies and interests represent a medium risk for the
Company.

c) Litigation

Risks associated with litigations are continuously identified, assessed and reported within the
Company. The Company is involved in various legal proceedings resulting from its business
operations. A negative outcome of these legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

External legal consulting support is always used to defend the Company against risks associated with
litigations. If necessary accounting measures like accruals are used.

For the matters in which the Company believes a loss is both reasonably possible and assessable, an
estimate of the loss or range of loss exposure is provided in Note 22 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. For other proceedings the Company believes that the loss probability is remote
and/or the loss or range of possible losses cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

For details on ongoing proceedings and further information on material legal risks to which the
Company is exposed, reference is made to Note 22 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

In the short term, risks from litigation represent a low risk for the Company.

d) Taxes and import duties

The Company is subject to ongoing tax audits in the U.S., Germany and other jurisdictions. The
Company could potentially receive notices of unfavorable adjustments and disallowances in
connection with certain of these audits. If the Company is unsuccessful in contesting unfavorable

49


--- Page 50 ---

determinations we could be required to make additional tax payments, which could have a material
adverse impact on the results of operations and operating cash flow in the relevant reporting period.

In general, tax-relevant issues are, as necessary, coordinated with internal tax expert regarding
compliance with the according tax laws. If necessary, statements and opinions by external consultants
are obtained to minimize tax risks.

Risks associated with taxation represent a low risk to the company, both in the short-term as well as in
the mid-term.

Furthermore we could also be exposed to additional or higher taxes or import duties, which restrict the
import of our products.

Especially the currently discussed initiatives of the U.S. administration, which have a wide-spread
focus in terms of taxation and import duties are an uncertainty factor for our business, both in terms of
chances and risks. An aggregated assessment of the impact of all of these initiatives is not possible at
the moment. A special topic within these initiatives is the possible introduction of further import duties
on products coming from outside the U.S. The introduction of these additional import duties could have
a negative effect on our operating results and consolidated earnings and represent a medium risk in
the short-term.

e) International operations

The Company operates dialysis clinics in more than 45 countries and sells a range of equipment,
products and services to customers in more than 120 countries. The Company’s international
operations are subject to a number of risks, including the following:

e The Company could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under
some countries’ legal systems

e The Company could be negatively impacted by the ability of certain countries to service their
sovereign debt obligations

e Local regulations could restrict the Company's ability to obtain a direct ownership interest in
dialysis clinics or other operations

e Political, social or economic instability, especially in developing and newly industrializing
countries, could disrupt the Company’s operations

e The withdrawal of individual states from federations or multinational agreements and the
associated effects on tax, exchange rate, legal, and regulatory conditions could make our
activities there more difficult or negatively affect their results

Any one or more of these or other factors could increase the Company’s costs, reduce revenues, or
disrupt operations, with possible material adverse effects on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition.

Risks associated with international operations represent a low risk for the Company in the mid-term.

f) Global economic conditions and disruptions in financial markets

The Company is dependent on the conditions of the financial markets and the global economy. In
order to pursue its business, the Company is reliant on capital, as are its renal product customers and
commercial healthcare insurers. Limited or expensive access to capital in the financial markets could
adversely affect the Company’s business.

The global recovery from the financial crisis continues. This development is accompanied by
unexpected interferences like emerging geopolitical conflicts in several regions. Thus, the overall
global economic outlook remains uncertain and current economic conditions could adversely affect the
Company’s business and profitability. Potential decline in revenues may create additional pressures to
contain or reduce reimbursements for the Company’s services from public payors, including Medicare
and Medicaid in the U.S. and other government sponsored programs in the United States and other
countries around the world. Increasing job losses or only slow improvement in the unemployment rate
in the U.S. may result in a smaller percentage of the Company’s patients being covered by an
employer group health plan and a larger percentage being covered by lower paying Medicare and
Medicaid programs. To the extent that payors are negatively impacted by a decline in the economy,
the Company may experience further pressure on commercial rates, a further slowdown in collections
and a reduction in the amounts it expects to collect. Devaluation of currencies and worsening

50


--- Page 51 ---

economic conditions, including inflationary cost increases in various markets in connection with
deteriorating country ratings also increase the risk of a goodwill impairment, which could lead to a
partial or a total goodwill write off in the affected cash generating units. If the global economic
conditions continue or worsen, the Company's financial cost could increase, its financial flexibility
could be limited and its results of operations could be adversely affected. The Company believes to be
well positioned to continue to grow its business while meeting its financial obligations.

Risks associated with global economic conditions and disruptions in financial markets represent a
medium risk for the Company in the short-term.

4. Risks with potential effect on the 1 year forecast

Risks with potential effect on the 1 year forecast are shown in the chart below. The risks are illustrated
by a cross reference, which refers to the risks described in detail in the report on risks and
opportunities. In course of the risk classification, besides quantitative factors, especially qualitative
factors are applied. The scales for classification of potential impact and likelihood as well as their
localization within the risk matrix are depicted in the following tables:

enact Description of impact Classification Likelihood
Severe Material negative impact Almost certain > 90% to 100%
Major Significant negative impact Likely > 50% to 90%
Medium Moderate negative impact Possible > 10% to 50%
Low Small negative impact Unlikely 0% to 10%

In detail the risk situation of Fresenius Medical Care related to the 1 year forecast is as follows:

Risks with potential effect on the 1 year forecast

Likelihood
Almost certain
High Risk
Likely 1 8
Medium Risk
Possible 7,13 3,9, 6,9 15 14
Low Risk
Unlikely 1 2,4, 10, 12
- - Potential impact
Low Medium Major Severe

51


--- Page 52 ---

No. | Risks relevant for 2017 Reference to report on risks and opportunities
1 Regulatory environment I.1.a)
2 Quality I.1.a)
3 U.S. federal health care programs I1.1.b)
4 Erythropoietin stimulating agents (ESAs) I.1.c)
5 Reimbursement by private insurers I1.1.d)
6 Health care reforms I.1.e)
7 Competitors 11.2.b)
8 Corruption 11.2.h)
9 Information technology 11.2.i)
10 Liquidity and financing I1.3.a)
11 Currencies and interests 11.3.b)
12 Litigation I1.3.c)
13 Taxes I1.3.d)
14 U.S. import duties I1.3.d)
15 Global economic conditions and disruptions in 11.3.)
financial markets

With regard to the classification of the risks in terms of probability and potential impact, the following
changes occurred compared to the previous year.

Because of several initiatives by the current U.S. government we are exposed to increasing risks
regarding import duties (14). Furthermore possible changes in the patient structure in the U.S.
increase the risk regarding the reimbursement of private insurers (5). Considerations regarding
extensive changes in health care systems in which we are operating lead to a higher risk from
potentially resulting health care reforms (6).

5. Overall risk position of the Group

The implemented risk management system forms the basis for the assessment of the overall risk
position of the Group. The overall risk of Fresenius Medical Care is determined by the individual risks
described above. Changes in the risk structure of the Group compared to the previous reporting period
occur as stated under point 4. There are currently no risks identified that could endanger the continued
existence of Fresenius Medical Care. As part of the enterprise-wide review of the integrated
management system, the effectiveness of the risk management system is monitored and where
necessary improvements are made. The management board will continue to expand our risk
management as well as the review of the related management system to be able to identify, explore
and evaluate potential risks more quickly and then initiate appropriate countermeasures. We believe
that we have made all necessary organizational steps to recognize potential risks early and to respond
appropriately to these.

Ill. Opportunities management
Opportunities management system

As much of our business is organized regionally, we can identify industry-specific trends and
requirements as well as the resultant opportunities in the different regions at an early stage and
gear our actions to them. To capture business opportunities, we also perform comprehensive
quantitative and qualitative analyses. This involves systematically evaluating relevant market
data, closely examining research projects and taking general trends in society into consideration.
Our analyses focus on general economic, industry-specific, regional and local developments as
well as regulatory changes. In addition, close cooperation between our Strategy and Planning
departments and the managers of other departments allows us to identify global opportunities as
early as possible.

52


--- Page 53 ---

IV. Opportunities

As a vertically integrated dialysis company, Fresenius Medical Care can offer almost all of the
products and services that a patient with chronic kidney failure requires for treatment. Our 3,624
dialysis clinics in more than 45 countries constitute the largest and most international network in the
world. As a result, we possess valuable dialysis expertise that is unique in the industry. Thanks to this
wealth of experience, we know that high quality is not only the key to a better quality of life for patients,
but can also make a significant contribution to reducing the costs of healthcare. Based on this
understanding and our business model, major opportunities arise that could have a positive impact on
the results of operations, financial situation, assets and liabilities of Fresenius Medical Care as things
stand today.

1. Industry-specific opportunities
a) Patient growth and demographic development

The dialysis market is a growth market that is largely unaffected by macroeconomic influences.
According to estimates, the number of people worldwide suffering from chronic kidney failure and
requiring dialysis treatment is rising at a relatively constant rate of around 6% annually. It is
expected to reach more than 3,2 M patients in 2017 and about 3.7 M by 2020. Social trends
contribute to this rise in patient numbers. In Europe and the U.S. in particular, they include the
aging population and the increasing incidence of diabetes and hypertension, two illnesses that
frequently precede the onset of end-stage renal disease. In developing and emerging countries,
the growing population and gradually improved access to dialysis as a result of increasing wealth
are key factors that further boost demand for dialysis products and services. We want to continue
to make a significant contribution to meeting this demand in the future.

b) Changes in legal and political conditions

Whether or not private companies can offer dialysis treatment and in what form depends on the
health care system of the country in which they operate and its legal framework. For Fresenius
Medical Care, opportunities to tap into new markets or to expand its market share arise if a
country opens up to private dialysis providers. These decisions are also increasingly influenced by
the following factors:

Health care systems face the challenge of having to deliver ever more comprehensive medical
care (longer life expectancy, increase in concomitant diseases, fully-functioning health care
provision still being established).

Dialysis is a complex life-sustaining procedure, which places high demands on health care
systems in terms of expertise and efficiency. Therefore, public health care providers are
increasingly looking for solutions with private providers.

One example is Germany, the seventh-largest market worldwide in terms of the number of dialysis
patients. We lead the market here with our products. Dialysis clinics are operated predominantly
by physicians in private practice, hospitals, and non-profit organizations; however, for a number of
years, Fresenius Medical Care has also offered dialysis services in outpatient medical care
centers. At the end of 2016, we were involved in 31 care centers (2015: 26). As an experienced
partner, we want to continue to support our customers in setting up new structures in the German
health care system and take advantage of the opportunity to strengthen our business in the long
term.

c) Public private partnerships

In some countries, public-private partnerships
Fresenius Medical Care. These are contractua
sector and private companies in which both

opportunities of a project. Our extensive dialysis

(PPP) are an attractive business model for
ly defined project alliances between the public
partners share the financing, tasks, risks and
expertise gives us a competitive edge here, too,

as it enables us to make suitable offers flexibly for various levels of care for hospitals, health
insurers, local or national authorities. Depending on the contract, we set up new dialysis clinics
and install the equipment, train medical personnel in quality, hygiene and nutrition, or manage the

clinics ourselves on the terms agreed. This enab
effectively and less expensively. The PPP model

5:

les the public sector to care for more patients more
allows Fresenius Medical Care to tap into new

3


--- Page 54 ---

markets, expand its market share, and extend its range of products and services with new forms
of health care.

d) Growing demand for integrated healthcare

Cost pressure and the growing number of patients are resulting in an increase in global demand
for a holistic (integrated) health care concept for patients with chronic kidney failure. All health
care services and therapies associated with the treatment of a kidney patient are combined to
create a holistic program that is tailored to the patient's individual needs and the requirements of
the health insurer. Depending on the contract and the structure of the health care system, dialysis
can be supplemented by medical tests, drugs for kidney patients and vascular access
management, for example. This comprehensive care from a single source is aimed at improving
the way in which the different stages of treatment are coordinated and controlled, minimizing
complications and thereby avoiding additional stays in hospital as far as possible. It increases the
patient’s quality of life and the quality of treatment, while reducing the overall costs of the
treatment.

Fresenius Medical Care is particularly well placed to offer integrated, high-quality treatment
programs for chronically ill kidney patients for several reasons: As a manufacturer of market-
leading dialysis products and an operator of the largest global dialysis clinic network, we have
long-standing experience in providing comprehensive care for dialysis patients. Thanks to the
high quality and reliability of our products and services, we enjoy a very good reputation in the
industry. In addition, we use sophisticated internal feedback instruments to measure and compare
the success of treatment at our clinics and to rapidly identify any potential for improvement.

Beyond our core business with dialysis products and the treatment of dialysis patients, we benefit
from a network of medical services that we combine under the heading “care coordination”. These
include services such as vascular care and medication management for patients with kidney
disease, as well as our laboratory and pharmacy business. This provides us with significant
opportunities for the future. We plan to expand this network further in the coming years.

2. Opportunities related to our business operations
a) New products and technologies

If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated, cost pressure continues to rise, and the
capacity of clinics is possibly no longer sufficient, home therapies are expected to take on a more
crucial role in dialysis. This development presents us with opportunities for growth. Home dialysis
as well as associated technologies and products will therefore continue to be a key focal point of
our R&D activities. One major aim here is to give patients the greatest possible independence and
mobility with a dialysis machine that is resource-efficient and can be used flexibly. We will
continue to add innovative products and technologies to our range in the future to capture growth
opportunities and meet the demand for integrated care as effectively as possible.

b) Internal organization and procedures

Fresenius Medical Care can benefit from a number of long-term opportunities in the way it
organizes and designs its business operations. To this end, we use the Lean Six Sigma
management method to analyze and better coordinate our production processes worldwide with
the aim of reducing both our defect rates and manufacturing cycles. In addition, we are
systematically expanding environmental management at our production sites and clinics to
improve our operating efficiency, for instance by saving resources.

c) Capital expenditure and acquisitions

We evaluate ideas for growth initiatives generated from market analyses as part of our annual
budget planning, or more frequently if necessary. We manage the investments required for
implementing projects using a detailed coordination and evaluation process. The Management
Board sets the investment budget for the Group as well as the focus of investment. Before
realizing investment projects, an internal committee examines the individual projects and
measures, taking into account their yield requirements and potential return on investment.
Projects are only undertaken if they help to increase the Company’s value.

54


--- Page 55 ---

We are investing in our future growth by expanding our health care services business through
acquisitions and purchasing expertise and relevant technologies in the area of research and
development. Through close collaboration between our Strategy and Planning departments and
the managers responsible for our acquisitions, we are able to identify suitable potential purchases
worldwide at an early stage.

d) Fresenius Medical Care’s Business model.

Our business model itself also provides opportunities for our company’s future growth. As a
vertically integrated dialysis company, we not only offer almost all of the products and services
that a patient with chronic kidney failure requires for treatment, but also use these on a daily basis
in our own clinics. As a result, we can benefit a great deal from the feedback of our patients,
physicians and nurses worldwide in developing and manufacturing new products as well as in
organizing our clinic management. This gives us a crucial competitive edge.

3. Assessment of the opportunities by the management

We remain confident that our integrated global business model and our Group’s earning power
constitute a sound basis for our business development, allowing us to capture the potential that
arises for the Company. In view of our leading position in the dialysis market, our innovative
strength, our committed staff, and our structured processes for identifying risks early and
managing opportunities, we firmly believe that we can continue to make the most of any
opportunities that arise for our business in a responsible manner.

F. Takeover-related disclosures

Share capital held by the Company's shareholders (excluding treasury shares held by the Company)
at December 31, 2016 totals approximately € 306 million, divided into 306,221,840 non-par bearer
shares, each arithmetically representing € 1 of the share capital. The total of non-par bearer shares
include 47,190 shares issued to Company employees in 2016 in conjunction with a corporate
agreement and which are subject to a two-year holding period. In addition to treasury shares which
have meanwhile been cancelled as part of a capital reduction measure, the Company also holds
999,951 treasury shares at December 31, 2016 which were acquired on the basis of the authorization
— granted at the Company's Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2011 — to acquire treasury shares
during the period from May 20, 2013 to August 14, 2013. Treasury shares held correspond to
approximately €1 million or 0.33 % of the Company’s share capital. Voting rights may not be
exercised on treasury shares. The treasury shares were acquired on the stock exchange via the
XETRA trading system in conjunction with a share buyback program. Including treasury shares, the
Company share capital therefore amounted to € 307 million at December 31, 2016, divided into
307,221,791 shares. The acquired treasury shares will only be used to reduce the Company's share
capital (by cancellation of the relevant shares) or to service employee incentive plans.

The rights of the shareholders are governed by the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and the
Company's Articles of Association. This stipulates that each share shall be entitled to one vote at the
Company’s General Meeting.

The General Partner, Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, is responsible for managing and
representing the Company. Similarly, it does not participate in the profit or loss or net assets of the
Company. The General Partner's management authority also encompasses exceptional management
measures, which do not require approval by the shareholders. Vis-a-vis the General Partner, the
Company is represented by its Supervisory Board.

The General Partner will cease to be General Partner of the Company if and when all shares in the
General Partner entity are no longer held directly or indirectly by one party, which at the same time
must hold, directly or indirectly by means of a controlled company as defined by § 17 (1) AktG, more
than 25 % of the Company’s share capital. This does not apply if all the shares of the General Partner
entity are held directly or indirectly by the Company. Additionally, the General Partner will cease to be
the Company's General Partner if the shares in the General Partner entity are acquired by another
person

55


--- Page 56 ---

e who does not at the same time acquire shares of the Company in the amount of more than
25 % of the Company’s capital or

e who has not, within three months after the effectiveness of such acquisition, submitted a
voluntary or mandatory takeover offer to the Company's shareholders according to the rules of
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (WpUG); the fair consideration offered to
the shareholders must also reflect the consideration which the purchaser pays for the shares
in the General Partner entity, if the amount for such consideration is above the amount of its
equity capital.

The other grounds for withdrawal as provided by the law remain unaffected with respect to the General
Partner.

As at December 31, 2016, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Bad Homburg v.d. Héhe, Germany holds
94,380,382 shares of the Company, corresponding to 30.72 % holding and hence in excess of 10% of
the Company’s total share capital. After deduction of treasury shares held by the Company in
accordance with § 16 (2) sentence 2 AktG, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA holds 30.82 % of the
Company's voting rights.

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing Board of the General Partner entity are
governed by § 84 and § 85 AktG. Changes in the Articles of Association must be made in accordance
with § 179 AktG in conjunction with § 133 AktG. The Articles of Association entitle the Company's
Supervisory Board, without resolution of the General Meeting, to make amendments to the Articles of
Association which concern only its wording.

The General Partner is entitled, subject to approval by the Supervisory Board, to increase the
Company's share capital as follows in accordance with the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ at
the General Meeting:

e authorization, in the period up to May 18, 2020 to increase, on one or more occasions, the
Company's share capital by up to a total of € 35 million by issuing new bearer ordinary shares
in return for cash contributions (Authorized Capital 2015/I).

e authorization, in the period up to May 18, 2020 to increase, on one or more occasions, the
Company's share capital by up to a total of € 25 million by issuing new bearer ordinary shares
in return for non-cash contributions (Authorized Capital 2015/II).

In both cases, the General Partner is entitled, under certain circumstances and with the approval of
the Supervisory Board, to decide on the exclusion of shareholders’ pre-emption rights.

In addition to the above, the following conditional capitals are in place:

e aconditional increase of up to € 3.374 million. This conditional increase in capital will only be
carried out to the extent that convertible bonds were issued in accordance with the
International Employee Participation Scheme in accordance with the shareholders' resolutions
taken on May 23 2001, May 15, 2007 and May 16, 2013 and the holders of such convertible
bonds exercise their conversion rights. With effect from December 2015, no exercisable
option or convertible bonds are outstanding.

e aconditional increase of up to € 3.972 million. This conditional share capital increase will only
be carried out to the extent that options were issued in accordance with the Stock Option Plan
2006 based on the shareholders’ resolutions taken on May 9, 2006 and May 15, 2007, the
holders of such options exercise their rights and the Company does not issue any own
(treasury) shares to settle the options; in the case of options issued to members of the
Managing Board of the General Partner entity, the Supervisory Board of that entity shall be
responsible.

e aconditional increase of up to € 11.346 million. This conditional share capital increase will
only be carried out to the extent that options were issued in accordance with the Stock Option
Plan 2011 based on the shareholders’ resolutions taken on May 12, 2011 and May 12, 2016,
the holders of such options exercise their rights and the Company does not issue any own
(treasury) shares to settle the options; in the case of options issued to members of the
Managing Board of the General Partner entity, the Supervisory Board of that entity shall be
responsible.

56


--- Page 57 ---

In accordance with the resolution taken at the Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2016, the
personally liable shareholder is authorized to acquire treasury shares up to May 11, 2021 and up toa
maximum of 10 % of the share capital in place at the date of the resolution. At no stage shall the
acquired shares together with other treasury shares held by the Company or attributable to pursuant to
§§ 71a ff. AktG exceed 10 % of the Company’s share capital. The acquisition can be made via the
stock exchange or by means of a public invitation to submit offers for sale. The authorization may not
be used for the purposes of trading in its own shares. The personally liable shareholder is authorized
to use the shares of the Company acquired on the basis of this or an earlier authorization for all legally
admissible purposes, in particular (i) to withdraw them from circulation without any requirement for a
further resolution to be taken at the Annual General Meeting, (ii) to sell them to third parties in return
for contributions in kind, (iii) rather than using conditional capital, to issue use them to employees of
the Company and its affiliates (including to members of the executive managements of affiliates) and
to use them to service rights or commitments to acquire shares of the Company and (iv) to service
bonds with option or conversion rights issued by the Company or by dependent companies as defined
by § 17 AktG

Achange of control resulting from a takeover offer could, under certain circumstances, have an impact
on the Company's long-term financing arrangements, in particular the Credit Agreement 2012, the
notes, the equity-neutral convertible bond and the receivables sale program, in which change of
control clauses are in place. These clauses, which are customary for the market, give creditors the
right to terminate agreements early or call for early repayment of outstanding amounts in the event of
a change in control. The right to terminate only exists, however, if the change of control involves the
Company's rating or the corresponding financing instrument being downgraded.

G. Corporate Governance Declaration

For the fiscal year 2016 the Company makes use of the option to publish the Corporate Governance
Declaration (Erklarung zur Unternehmensftihrung) on the Company’s website pursuant to sec. 289a
para. 1 German Commercial Code (HGB). The Corporate Governance Declaration is available on the
Company’s website under http://www.freseniusmedicalcare.com/en/homelinvestors/corporate-
governance/declaration-on-corporate-governancel.

57


--- Page 58 ---

H. Compensation Report

The Compensation Report of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA summarizes the main elements of the
compensation system for the members of the Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care
Management AG, the General Partner of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, and in this regard notably explains the
amounts and structure of the compensation paid to the Management Board. Furthermore, the
principles and the amount of the remuneration of the Supervisory Board are described. The
Compensation Report is part of the Management Report on the annual financial statements and the
annual consolidated group financial statements of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA as of December 31, 2016.
The Compensation Report is prepared on the basis of the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code and also includes the disclosures as required pursuant to the applicable statutory
regulations, notably in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB).

Compensation of the Management Board

The entire Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management AG is responsible for
determining the compensation of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board of Fresenius
Medical Care Management AG is assisted in this task by a personnel committee, the Human
Resources Committee, a committee which is created from among the Supervisory Board of Fresenius
Medical Care Management AG’s members. The Human Resources Committee is composed of Mr.
Stephan Sturm (Chairman) Dr. Gerd Krick (Vice Chairman), Mr. William P. Johnston, Dr. Dieter
Schenk and Mr. Rolf A. Classon.

The current Management Board compensation system was approved by the General Meeting of FMC-
AG & Co. KGaA on May 12, 2016, and is reviewed by an independent external compensation expert
on a regular basis. The objective of the compensation system is to enable the members of the
Management Board to participate reasonably in the sustainable development of the Company’s
business and to reward them based on their duties and performance as well as their success in
managing the Company's economic and financial position giving due regard to the peer environment.

The amount of the total compensation of the members of the Management Board is measured taking
particular account of a horizontal comparison with the compensation of management board members
of other DAX-listed companies and similar companies of comparable size and performance in the
relevant industry sector. Furthermore, the relation of the overall compensation of the members of the
Management Board and that of the Senior Management as well as the staff overall, as determined by
way of a vertical comparison, is taken into account.

The compensation of the Management Board is, as a whole, performance-based and consisted of
three elements in the fiscal year:

e non-performance-based compensation (fixed compensation and fringe benefits)
e — short-term performance-based compensation (one-year variable compensation (bonus))

e components with long-term incentive effects (multi-year variable compensation in form of
share-based compensation with cash settlement)

|. Fixed compensation

The Management Board members receive a fixed amount as basic compensation. In Germany or
Hong Kong, as the case may be, the fixed compensation is paid in twelve equal monthly installments.
To the extent the fixed compensation is paid to members of the Management Board in the U.S.,
payment is made in accordance with local customs in twenty-four equal instalments.

Moreover, the members of the Management Board received additional benefits consisting mainly of
payment for insurance premiums, the private use of company cars and special payments such as
school fees, rent and relocation supplements, reimbursement of fees for the preparation of tax returns
and reimbursement of certain other charges, contributions to pension and health insurance as well as
tax burden compensation due to varying tax rates applicable in Germany and the U.S. (net
compensation) and other benefits, also in case accruals have been set up therefore.

Il. Performance-based compensation

Performance-based compensation is awarded as a short-term cash component (one-year variable
compensation) and as components with long-term incentive effects (share-based compensations with
cash settlement). The share-based compensations with cash settlement consist of the so-called Share

58


--- Page 59 ---

Based Award, resulting as a deferral amount from the one-year variable compensation, as well as of
Performance Shares, which are granted in the context of the “Fresenius Medical Care Long-Term
Incentive Plan 2016” (LTIP 2016). In addition, the Supervisory Board may grant a discretionary bonus
for extraordinary performances.

One-year variable compensation and Share Based Award

The amount of the one-year variable compensation and of the Share Based Award depends on the
achievement of the following individual and common targets:

e net income growth,

e free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures,
before acquisitions and investments) in percent of revenue,

e operating income margin

The targets are weighted differently depending on the department of the Management Board or its
functions. In the case of Messrs. Rice Powell and Michael Brosnan (both with corporate group
functions) as well as Dr. Olaf Schermeier (Research & Development), the net income growth is
weighted with 80%. In the case of Messrs. Roberto Fusté (Management Board member until March
31, 2016), Ronald Kuerbitz, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit (Management Board member since
April 1, 2016) (Management Board members with regional responsibility) as well as Mr. Kent Wanzek
(Global Manufacturing & Quality), the net income growth is weighted with 60%. In the case of the
members of the Management Board last named, the valuation of the operating margins contributes
another 20%. The target free cash flow as a percentage of the sales revenues is uniformly measured
with 20% for all members of the Management Board.

Net income growth

Free cash flow
in % of revenues

Operating margin
(regional)

Corporate group functions and/or
Research & Development

80%

20%

20%

Regional functions and/or 9 »
Global Manufacturing & Quality 60% 20%

The degree of the achievement of the specific targets (target achievement) is determined by
comparing the actual values with the target values to be achieved.

The net income growth to be achieved is taken into account up to a growth rate of 10%. Furthermore,
the members of the Management Board are also evaluated by reference to the development of free
cash flow within the Group or, as the case may be, in the relevant regions, with the targets being
within a range of rates between 3% and 6% of the respective free cash flow in percent of revenue. For
the benefit of Management Board members with regional responsibilities as well as for the benefit of
the Management Board member responsible for Global Manufacturing & Quality, growth of regional
operating income margins is compensated within individual targets ranging between 13% and 18.5%,
reflecting the particularities of the respective regions and responsibilities.

Minimum

Target achievement

Maximum
(120% target

in % of revenues

(0% target achievement) 100% achievement)
Net income growth 0.00% 8.00% 10.00%
Free cash flow 3.00% 5.71% 6.00%

Operating margin

Individual target corridors between 13.00% and 18.50%,
(regional)

depending on the respective responsibilities

Multiplying the level of the respective overall target achievement by the respective fixed compensation
and another fixed multiplier results in the total amount, of which a 75% share is paid out in cash to the
Management Board members as a one-year variable compensation after approval of the annual

59


--- Page 60 ---

financial statements of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA for the respective fiscal year. Since the maximum level
of target achievement is set at 120%, the Management Board’s maximum achievable one-year
variable compensation is limited as regards to specific amounts.

For the 2016 fiscal year and the previous year, the amount of cash compensation payments to
members of the Management Board without components with long-term incentive effects consisted of
the following:

Amount of Cash Payments

in € THOUS Short-term
performance Cash compensation
Non-performance related related (without long-term
compensation compensation incentive components)
Fixed
compensation Other benefits ’) Bonus
2016 20157 2016 20157 2016 2015?)*) 2016 2015?)
Management board members serving as of December 31, 2016
Rice Powell 1,242 1,239 121 342 2,403 1,032 3,766 2,613
Michael Brosnan 696 694 194 533 1,300 581 2,190 1,808
Ronald Kuerbitz 845 843 19 28 1,476 785 2,340 1,656
Dr. Olaf Schermeier 450 450 83 6354) 891 381 1,424 1,466
Kent Wanzek 539 538 112 112 1,054 594 1,705 1,244
Dominik Wehner 406 350 37 37 804 394 1,247 781
Harry de Wit®) 360 - 213 - 713 - 1,286 -
Former member of the management board who resigned March 31, 2016
Roberto Fusté®? 145 580 73 482”) - 648 218 1,710
Total: 4,683 4,694 852 2,169 8,641 4,415 14,176 11,278

1) Includes insurance premiums, private use of company cars, special payments such as school fees, rent and relocation
supplements, reimbursement of fees for the preparation of tax returns and reimbursement of certain other charges,
contributions to pension and health insurance as well as tax burden compensation due to varying tax rates applicable in
Germany and the U.S. (net compensation) as well as other fringe benefits, also in case accruals have been set up therefore.
2) Please note for purposes of comparison with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that the compensation is subject to
foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending on whether it is contractually denominated in euro (Roberto Fusté, Dr. Olaf
Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan, Ronald Kuerbitz and Kent
Wanzek).

3) Includes a discretionary bonus granted to Mr. Rice Powell in the amount of €541, to Mr. Michael Brosnan in the amount of
€306, to Mr. Roberto Fusté in the amount of €189, to Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz in the amount of €451, to Dr. Olaf Schermeier in the
amount of €203, to Mr. Kent Wanzek in the amount of €203 and to Mr. Dominik Wehner in the amount of €117.

4) This also includes the rent and relocation supplements incurred by the Company, including, but not limited to, non-recurring
costs in connection with the relocation of Dr. Schermeier at the start of his occupation with the Company.

5) Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Mr. Harry de Wit has been
appointed as member of the Management Board only with effect as of April 1, 2016 and, therefore, has received compensation
payments to be set out herein only as of such date.

6) In addition to the compensation set out herein, Mr. Roberto Fusté received a fixed compensation in the amount of €435,
fringe benefits in the amount of €253 as well as a short-term performance-based compensation in the amount of €1,531; such
compensation was received by Mr. Roberto Fusté only after his resignation from the Management Board.

7) Also included are payments and accruals the Company made in the context of holding Mr. Roberto Fusté harmless from
certain adverse tax effects.

The remaining share, amounting to 25% of the total amount calculated according to the key data
above, is granted to the members of the Management Board in the form of the so-called Share Based
Award, which is included in the compensation components with long-term incentive effects. The Share
Based Award is subject to a three-year waiting period, although a shorter period may apply in special
cases (e.g. professional incapacity, entry into retirement, non-renewal by the Company of expired
service agreements). The amount of the cash payment of the Share Based Award is based on the
share price of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA shares upon exercise after the three-year waiting period.

In accordance with the targets achieved in the fiscal year, the members of the Management Board
who were members of the Management Board on December 31 of the fiscal year acquired
entitlements to Share Based Awards valued at €3,281 THOUS (2015: €801 THOUS). Based on the
already fixed value, the allocation of the specific number of virtual shares made by the Supervisory
Board takes place no sooner than March of the following year on the basis of the then current price
conditions of the shares of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA. This number will then serve as a multiplier for the

60


--- Page 61 ---

share price on the relevant exercise date and, thus, as the basis for the determination of the payment
of the relevant stock-based compensation after the end of the three-year waiting period.

The components with long-term incentive effects contain a limit option for the case of extraordinary
developments.

Performance Shares

In addition to the Share Based Award, the members of the Management Board were also granted so-
called "Performance Shares" on the basis of the LTIP 2016, as further performance-related
components with a long-term incentive effect in the fiscal year. The LTIP 2016 was approved in the
fiscal year by the Supervisory Board upon recommendation of the Human Resources Committee and
replaces the LTIP 2011. As of the end of the previous year no further stock options may be granted
under the LTIP 2011. Performance Shares are virtual remuneration instruments not backed by equity.
These may provide entitlement to a cash payment depending on the achievement of the performance
targets described below and the development of the company's share price. The LTIP 2016 stipulates
that the Management Board members will be granted Performance Shares once or twice a year in the
years 2016 to 2018. For the members of the Management Board, the Supervisory Board determines,
after due consideration and taking into account the responsibilities and performances of the respective
members of the Management Board, the so-called “grant value”, as the initial amount for each grant to
be made to members of the Management Board. This grant value is divided by the applicable fair
value of a Performance Share at the grant date, in order to determine the number of Performance
Shares to be granted. This number may change over a period of three years depending on the degree
to which the performance targets are achieved, whereby the total loss of all granted Performance
Shares as well as a doubling (at most) of that number is possible. The number of Performance Shares
after the three-year performance period, resulting from the respective target achievement, is
considered as vested four years after the date the respective allocation was made. The above-
mentioned number of Performance Shares is then multiplied by the average price of the Company's
shares during a thirty-day period prior to the expiration of this vesting period. The resulting amount is
paid out in cash to the members of the Management Board for their respective Performance Shares.

The degree of the total target achievement during the three-year performance period is determined on
the basis of the three performance targets (i) revenue growth, (ii) annual growth of the net income
attributable to the shareholders of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA (“net income growth") as well as (iii) increase
of the return on invested capital (Return on Invested Capital “ROIC” improvement). The target
corridors and targets are as set out in the table below:

Growth/increase Target achievement

Perf target 4 50% 0%
erformance target 1:
Revenue growth 7% 100% 4113
2 16% 200%
Perf target 2: 50% 0%
erformance target 2: 7% 700% ap

Net income growth

214% 200%

0.2 percentage points
Performance target 3: below target ROIC 0%
ROIC level target ROIC 100% 113
against target ROIC

0.2 percentage points
above target ROIC 200%

The ROIC target for the year 2016 is set at 7.3% and increases by 0.2 percentage points each year,
that is, to 7.5% (2017), 7.7% (2018), 7.9% (2019) and 8,1% (2020). For each revenue growth and/or
any net income growth and ROIC level within the range of the values presented above, the degree of
target achievement is linearly interpolated. If the target achievement in relation to the ROIC target in
the third year of an assessment period is higher than or equal to the target achievement in each of the
two previous years, the ROIC target achievement for the third year applies to all years of the
respective assessment period.

Each of these three performance targets accounts for one-third in the calculation of the yearly target
achievement, which is calculated for each year of the three-year performance period. The overall

61


--- Page 62 ---

target achievement at the end of the three-year performance period is determined by the mean of
these three average yearly target achievements. The overall target achievement can lie in a corridor
between 0% and 200%.

The number of Performance Shares granted to the Management Board members at the beginning of
the performance period is multiplied by the overall target achievement in order to determine the final
number of Performance Shares that form the basis of the cash compensations under the LTIP 2016 as
described above.

In the course of the fiscal year, 642,349 Performance Shares were granted under the LTIP 2016. This
includes 79,888 Performance Shares with a total value of €6,170 THOUS, which were granted to the
members of the Management Board. The relevant fair value of the Performance Shares issued in July
of the fiscal year amounted on the grant date to €76.80 for grants in euro (applies to Messrs. Dr. Olaf
Schermeier, Harry de Wit, Dominik Wehner and Roberto Fusté) and to $85.06 for grants in U.S.
dollars (applies to Messrs. Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan, Ronald Kuerbitz and Kent Wanzek). In the
previous year, instead of Performance Shares, stock options and phantom stock in a total value of
€7,555 THOUS and €4,582 THOUS, respectively, were granted. By the end of the fiscal year, the
Management Board members being in office on December 31, 2016, held a total of 79,888
Performance Shares (2015: 0).

For the fiscal year, the value of the share-based compensations with cash settlement issued to the
members of the Management Board in each case, is shown respectively compared to the previous
year, in the following table.

Long-term Incentive Components

Share-based
compensation

with
Stock Options cash settlement Total
Number in € THOUS in € THOUS in € THOUS

2016 2015 2016 2015 2016” 2015?)*) 2016 2015
Management board members serving as of December 31, 2016
Rice Powell - 149,400 - 2,244 2,415 941 2,415 3,185
Michael Brosnan - 74,700 - 1,122 1,306 480 1,306 1,602
Ronald Kuerbitz - 49,800 - 748 1,482 888 1,482 1,636
Dr. Olaf Schermeier - 49,800 - 748 1,072 836 1,072 1,584
Kent Wanzek - 69,720 - 1,047 1,120 596 1,120 1,643
Dominik Wehner - 49,800 - 748 1,043 869 1,043 1,617
Harry de Wit - - - - 1,013 - 1,013 -
Former member of the management board who resigned March 31, 2016
Roberto Fusté*) - 59,760 - 898 - 774 - 1,672
Total: = 502,980 = 7,555 9,451 5,384 9,451 12,939

1) This includes Performance Shares pursuant to the LTIP 2016 as well as Share Based Awards granted to the Management
Board members during the fiscal year. The share-based compensation amounts are based on the fair value on the grant date.
2) This includes Phantom Stock pursuant to the LTIP 2011 as well as Share Based Awards granted to the Management Board
members during the previous year. The share-based compensation amounts are based on the fair value at the grant date.
Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year to those for the previous year that the
Performance Shares do not only replace Phantom Stock as compensation element but also Stock Options pursuant to the
LTIP 2011. The increase of share-based compensation with cash settlement compared to the previous year is accompanied by
the discontinuation of Stock Options as a compensation element.

3) Please note for purposes of comparison between the amounts indicated and those for the fiscal year that the compensation
is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending on whether it is contractually denominated in euro (Roberto Fusteé,
Dr. Olaf Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan, Ronald Kuerbitz and
Kent Wanzek).

4) In addition to the compensation indicated, Mr. Roberto Fusté received the following long-term incentive components in the
fiscal year: share-based compensation with cash settlement in an amount of €775, which was granted to Mr. Roberto Fusté
following his resignation from the Management Board.

The components with long-term incentive effect entitle to a cash payment or can be exercised only

after the expiration of predefined waiting- and/or vesting periods. Their value is distributed over the
waiting periods and is proportionally accounted for as an expense in the respective fiscal year.

62


--- Page 63 ---

The expenses pertaining to components with long-term incentive effects for the fiscal year and for the
previous year, in which the stock options and phantom stock illustrated below were issued, are set out
in the following table:

Expenses for Long-term Incentive Components

in € THOUS
Share-based
compensation with Share-based
Stock Options cash settlement compensation
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015

Management board members serving as of December 31, 2016
Rice Powell 593 377 668 699 1,261 1,076
Michael Brosnan 605 187 726 450 1,331 637
Ronald Kuerbitz 190 153 494 261 684 414
Dr. Olaf Schermeier 190 153 401 177 591 330
Kent Wanzek 288 151 398 495, 686 646
Dominik Wehner 169 162 376 152 545 314
Harry de Wit - - 122 - 122 -
Former member of the management board who resigned March 31, 2016
Roberto Fusté") 887 136 1,014 471 1,901 607
Total: 2,922 1,319 4,199 2,705 7,121 4,024

1) In addition to the compensation set out, the following expenses arose for Mr. Roberto Fusté following his resignation from
the Management Board in the fiscal year: €1,176 for share-based compensation with cash settlement.

Focus on sustainable corporate development

To the extent the portion of the performance-based components with long-term incentive effects (i.e.
Performance Shares and Share Based Award) does not reach 50% of the sum of all variable
compensation components for the respective fiscal year, it has been contractually provided that the
one-year variable compensation shall be reduced accordingly. The Share Based Award is increased
correspondingly. This shall ensure that the compensation structure is always oriented towards a
sustainable corporate development.

Stock options and phantom stock

Until the end of the fiscal year 2015 grants under the Long Term Incentive Program 2011 (LTIP 2011),
which consisted of the 2011 Stock Option Plan and the 2011 Phantom Stock Plan, constituted an
essential component of the compensation system for the members of the Management Board. As of
the end of the fiscal year 2015 grants under the LTIP 2011 are no longer possible. However, the
members of the Management Board may exercise stock options or phantom stock, which have already
been granted, taking into consideration the blackout periods applicable to the exercise of such
instruments, the achievement of defined performance targets as well as, subject to deviating
stipulations in the individual case, the continuation of the service- and/or employment relationship.

Under the LTIP 2011 a combination of stock options and phantom stock awards was granted to the
participants. The number of stock options and phantom stock awards to be granted to the members of
the Management Board was determined by the Supervisory Board in its reasonable discretion. In
principle all members of the Management Board were entitled to receive the same number of stock
options and phantom stock awards, whereas the Chairman of the Management Board is entitled to
receive double the granted quantity. At the time of the grant, the members of the Management Board
were entitled to choose a ratio based on the value of the stock options vs. the value of phantom stock
awards in a range between 75:25 and 50:50.

Stock options may be exercised within four years and phantom stock awards within one year after the
expiration of the waiting period. For Management Board members who are U.S. taxpayers specific
conditions apply with respect to the exercise period of phantom stock awards.

The success target for stock options and phantom stock is achieved in each case if, during the waiting
period, either the adjusted basic income per share increases by at least 8% per annum in comparison
to the previous year in each case or - if this is not the case - the compounded annual growth rate of
the adjusted basic income per share during the four years of the waiting period reflects an increase of

63


--- Page 64 ---

at least 8% per annum. Deviating from this, the success target for phantom stock granted in the fiscal
year 2015 is also achieved if under the global efficiency program an amount of $200 M has been
saved until the end of the fiscal year and, until the end of the fiscal years 2016 to 2018, an amount of
$300 M is saved, each in comparison to January 1, 2013, and also the respective group target for
fiscal years 2015 to 2018 — each as expected and communicated— have been achieved and
confirmed by the auditor. If with regard to any reference year or more than one of the four reference
years within the waiting period neither the adjusted basic income per share increases by at least 8%
per annum in comparison to the previous year nor the compounded annual growth rate of the adjusted
basic income per share during the four years of the waiting period reflects an increase of at least 8%
per annum, the stock options and phantom stock awards subject to such waiting period are cancelled
to such proportion to which the success target was not achieved within the waiting period, i.e. in the
proportion of 25% for each year in which the target is not achieved within the waiting period, up to
100%; this principle of proportional cancelation also applies to the additional success target for
phantom stock as resolved by the Supervisory Board in the fiscal year 2015.

At the end of the fiscal year the members of the Management Board held a total of 1,010,784 stock
options (2015: 1,565,195) originating from previous compensation programs with long-term incentive
effects secured by conditional capital, which entitled their participants to stock options. Moreover, the
Management Board members held, by the end of the fiscal year, a total of 81,019 phantom stock
(2015: 118,703) pursuant to the Phantom Stock Plan 2011.

The development and status of stock options of the members of the Management Board serving at
December 31 of the fiscal year in the fiscal year are shown in more detail in the following table:

Development and Status of the Stock Options

Michael Ronald Dr. Olaf Dominik
Rice Powell___ Brosnan Kuerbitz____Schermeier__KentWanzek __Wehner_Harry de Wit Total:
i Number 465,318 260,212 197,002 124,500 209,782 123,759 . 1,340,573
Options outstanding
January 1, 2016 Weighted average exercise
price in € 55.88 54.46 58.61 60.70 8773 59.29 . 56.98
Number 64,500 33,000 : . 49,800 7,350 . 184,850
Options exercised Weighted average exercise
during the fiscal year price in € 3441 3197 : - 4268 31.97 . 36.44
Weighted average share
price in € 72.99 7781 : - 82.82 74.91 . 77.23
Options forfeited during Number 56,025, 28,012 28,012 28,012 28,013 7,085 . 175,138
the fiscal year Weighted average exercise
price in € 49.76 49.76 49.76 49.76 49.76 49.76 . 49.76
Number 344,793 199,200 128,980 96,488, 131,069 109,344 . 1,010,784

Weighted average exercise
Options outstanding price in € 60.89 58.84 60.53 63.88 65.10 61.75 . 61.37

December 31, 2016
Weighted average remaining

contractual life in years 476 427 5.03 5.99 5.46 5.27 . 4.96
Range of exercise prices in€ 4268-7609 42.68-76.99 4268-7699 49.76-76.09 49.76-76.99 42.68-76.99 = 42.68 -76.99
i Number 102,018 77812 32,502 - 28,012 19,839 . 260,183
Options exercisable
December 31,2016 Weighted average exercise
price in € 47:38 46.79 50.58 - 54.09 4715 . 48.31

64


--- Page 65 ---

Ill. Total Compensation

The amount of the total compensation of the Management Board for the fiscal year and for the
previous year is as shown in the following table:

Total Compensation

in € THOUS
Total compensation
Cash compensation Components with (including long-term
(without long-term long-term incentive
incentive components) incentive effect components)
2016 2015” 2016 2015” 2016 2015”

Management board members serving as of December 31, 2016

Rice Powell 3,766 2,613 2,415 3,185 6,181 5,798
Michael Brosnan 2,190 1,808 1,306 1,602 3,496 3,410
Ronald Kuerbitz 2,340 1,656 1,482 1,636 3,822 3,292
Dr. Olaf Schermeier 1,424 1,466 1,072 1,584 2,496 3,050
Kent Wanzek 1,705 1,244 1,120 1,643 2,825 2,887
Dominik Wehner 1,247 781 1,043 1,617 2,290 2,398
Harry de Wit 1,286 - 1,013 - 2,299 -

Former member of the management board who resigned March 31, 2016
Roberto Fusté?) 218 1,710 = 1,672 218 3,382
Total: 14,176 11,278 9,451 12,939 23,627 24,217

1) Please note for purposes of comparison between the amounts indicated with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that
the compensation is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending on whether it is contractually denominated in euro
(Roberto Fusté, Dr. Olaf Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan, Ronald
Kuerbitz and Kent Wanzek).

2) For the entire fiscal year, the cash compensation (without long-term incentive components) of Mr. Roberto Fusté amounts to
€2,437, long-term incentive components to €775 and the total compensation (including long-term incentive components) to
€3,212.

IV. Commitments to members of the Management Board for the event of termination of their
appointment

The following pension commitments and other benefits are also part of the compensation system for
the members of the Management Board: individual contractual pension commitments for the
Management Board members Mr. Rice Powell, Mr. Michael Brosnan, Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz, Dr. Olaf
Schermeier and Mr. Kent Wanzek have been entered into by Fresenius Medical Care Management
AG. In addition, pension commitments from the participation in employee pension schemes of other
Fresenius Medical Care companies exist for individual members of the Management Board.

Each of the pension commitments by Fresenius Medical Care Management AG provides for a pension
and survivor benefit as of the time of conclusively ending active work, at age 65 at the earliest or upon
occurrence of disability or incapacity to work (Berufs- oder Erwerbsunfahigkeit), however, calculated
by reference to the amount of the recipient’s most recent base salary.

The retirement pension will be based on 30% of the last fixed compensation and will increase for each
complete year of service by 1.5 percentage points up to a maximum of 45%. Current pensions
increase according to legal requirements (Sec. 16 of the German Act to improve company pension
plans, “BetrAVG”). 30% of the gross amount of any post-retirement income from an activity of the
Management Board member is offset against the pension obligation. Any amounts to which the
Management Board members or their surviving dependents, respectively, are entitled from other
company pension rights of the Management Board member, even from service agreements with other
companies, are also to be set off. If a Management Board member dies, the surviving spouse receives
a pension amounting to 60% of the resulting pension claim at that time. Furthermore, the deceased
Management Board member's own legitimate children (leibliche eheliche Kinder) receive an orphan’s
pension amounting to 20% of the resulting pension claim at that time, until the completion of their
education or they reach 25 years of age, at the latest. All orphans’ pensions and the spousal pension
together reach a maximum of 90% of the Management Board member's pension, however. If a
Management Board member leaves the Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management
AG before reaching the age of 65, except in the event of a disability or incapacity to work (Berufs- oder

65


--- Page 66 ---

Erwerbsunfahigkeit), the rights to the aforementioned benefits remain, although the pension to be paid
is reduced in proportion to the ratio of the actual years of service as a Management Board member to
the potential years of service until reaching the age of 65.

Based on individual contractual commitments, Management Board members Mr. Rice Powell, Mr.
Michael Brosnan, Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz and Mr. Kent Wanzek additionally participated in the U.S.-
based 401(k) savings plan in the fiscal year; in this regard, contributions in the amount of $7,950.00
(2015: $7,950.00) were earned in the fiscal year in each case and allocated in January 2017. This
plan generally allows employees in the U.S. to invest a limited portion of their gross salaries in
retirement pension programs. The Company supports its employees hereby with contributions of up to
50% of the yearly made payments.

Furthermore, the Management Board members Mr. Rice Powell, Mr. Michael Brosnan and Mr. Ronald
Kuerbitz have acquired non-forfeitable benefits from participation in employee pension plans of
Fresenius Medical Care North America, which provide payment of pensions as of the age of 65 and
the payment of reduced benefits as of the age of 55. In March 2002, the rights to receive benefits from
the pension plans were frozen at the level then applicable.

From the time of his previous employment activities for Fresenius Medical Care Deutschland GmbH, a
pension commitment exists for Management Board member Mr. Dominik Wehner. As a result of his
service agreement with Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, the latter assumed this pension
commitment and continues the commitment on the basis of Mr. Wehner’s compensation as
Management Board member. This pension commitment is based on the Fresenius companies’
pension scheme of January 1, 1988 and provides old-age pensions, disability pensions and surviving
dependents’ pensions. It does not provide for any offsetting mechanisms against other income or
pension payments. The spousal pension amounts to 60% of the disability pension or old-age pension
to be granted at the time of death. The orphan’s pension amounts to 10% (semi-orphans) or 20%
(orphans) of the disability pension or old-age pension to be granted at the time of death. The claims of
all surviving dependents are limited to a total of 100% of Mr. Dominik Wehner’s pension entitlements.

Additions to pension provisions in the fiscal year for Management Board members serving as of
December 31 amounted to €4,035 THOUS (2015: €8,355 THOUS). The pension commitments are
shown in the following table:

Development and Status of Pension Commitments

in € THOUS
As of As of
January 1, December 31,
2016 Increase 2016
Rice Powell 9,397 875 10,272
Michael Brosnan 4,260 724 4,984
Ronald Kuerbitz 2,557 810 3,367
Dr. Olaf Schermeier 309 266 575
Kent Wanzek 2,327 434 2,761
Dominik Wehner 2,023 926 2,949
Harry de Wit - - -
Total: 20,873 4,035 24,908

A post-employment non-competition covenant was agreed upon with all Management Board
members. If such covenant becomes applicable, the Management Board members receive
compensation amounting to half of their respective annual fixed compensation for each year of
respective application of the non-competition covenant, up to a maximum of two years. The
employment contracts of the Management Board members contain no express provisions that are
triggered by a change of control of the Company.

66


--- Page 67 ---

V. Miscellaneous

All members of the Management Board have received individual contractual commitments for the
continuation of their compensation in cases of sickness for a maximum of 12 months, although after
six months of sick leave, insurance benefits may be set off against such payments. If a Management
Board member dies, the surviving dependents will be paid three more monthly instalments after the
month of death, not to exceed, however, the amount due between the time of death and the scheduled
expiration of the agreement.

In the 2016 fiscal year, Mr. Roberto Fusté — who was a member of the Management Board until
March 31, 2016 — received the compensation payments he was entitled to until December 31, 2016
pursuant to his termination agreement, i.e., fixed compensations (in the amount of €435 THOUS) and
fringe benefits (in the amount of approximately €253 THOUS) as well as one-year and multi-year
variable compensation components (in the amount of approximately €1,531 THOUS and in the
amount of €775 THOUS, respectively). The long term variable compensation components granted to
Mr. Roberto Fusté on the basis of the LTIP 2011 were not affected by his retirement from the
Management Board. The payment of the Share Based Award for the fiscal year 2012 earned by Mr.
Roberto Fusté took place in the fiscal year 2016. The Share Based Awards earned during the fiscal
years 2013 to 2015 are to be paid out until March 1, 2017. As of the completion of the age of 65,
Mr. Roberto Fusté receives a company-funded retirement pension of €261 THOUS per year. It was
also agreed with Mr. Roberto Fusté that following the termination of his service agreement as of
December 31, 2016 as a member of the Management Board, he would be subject to a post-
employment non-compete obligation lasting until the end of December 31, 2018, and would act as an
advisor of the Chairman of the Management Board. For this, he will receive an annual non-compete
compensation of approximately €377 THOUS and an annual advisory fee in the amount of €377
THOUS, respectively. The type and amount of the benefits granted and allocations made in favor of
Mr. Roberto Fusté during the fiscal year are shown in the tables in section VI below.

Furthermore, there is a compensation agreement between FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, the Fresenius
Medical Care Management AG and Mr. Roberto Fusté, according to which Mr. Roberto Fusté is
exempted from certain tax disadvantages resulting from income tax audits. In the fiscal year, the
company did not compensate any such tax disadvantages (2015: €91 THOUS).

Prof. Emanuele Gatti, who was a member of the Management Board until March 31, 2014, received
pension payments in the amount of approximately €338 THOUS (2015: €113 THOUS) as well as
fringe benefits in the amount of €7 THOUS during the fiscal year. On the occasion of the termination of
his service agreement as a member of the Management Board effective as of April 30, 2015, a two-
year post-employment non-compete obligation was agreed upon with Prof. Gatti. As a compensation
for this, Prof. Emanuele Gatti receives an annual non-compete compensation in the amount of
approximately €488 THOUS. In the previous year Prof. Gatti received a partial non-compete
compensation in the amount of approximately €325 THOUS.

As agreed, Dr. Rainer Runte was a member of the Management Board until March 31, 2014, was
granted and paid in the fiscal year a compensation in connection with his post-contractual non-
compete clause in the amount of approximately €486 THOUS (2015: €486 THOUS) as well as fringe
benefits in the amount of €0 THOUS (2015: €28 THOUS).

With Dr. Ben Lipps, the Chairman of the Management Board until December 31, 2012, instead of a
pension provision a consulting agreement was entered into for the period January 1, 2013 to
December 31, 2022. By this consulting agreement Dr. Ben Lipps will provide consulting services on
certain fields and within a specified time frame as well as complying with a non-compete covenant.
The annual consideration to be granted by Fresenius Medical Care Management AG for such services
(including reimbursement of expenses) amounts for the fiscal year to €585 THOUS (2015:
€588 THOUS). The present value of this agreement (including pension payments for the surviving
spouse in case of death) amounts to €3,357 THOUS (2015: €3,694 THOUS) as at December 31 of the
fiscal year.

In the fiscal year, no loans or advance payments of future compensation components were made to
members of the Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management AG.

The payments to U.S. Management Board members Mr. Rice Powell, Mr. Michael Brosnan and Mr.
Kent Wanzek were paid in part in the U.S. (in U.S. dollar) and in part in Germany (in euro). For the
part paid in Germany, the Company has agreed that due to varying tax rates in both countries, the
increased tax burden to such Management Board members arising from German tax rates in
comparison to U.S. tax rates will be balanced (net compensation). Pursuant to a modified net

67


--- Page 68 ---

compensation agreement, these Management Board members will be treated as if they were taxed in
their home country, the United States, only. Therefore, the gross amounts may be retroactively
changed. Since the actual tax burden can only be calculated in connection with the preparation of the
Management Board members' tax returns, subsequent adjustments may have to be made, which will
then be retroactively covered in future compensation reports.

To the extent permitted by law, Fresenius Medical Care Management AG undertook to indemnify the
members of the Management Board against claims against them arising out of their work for the
Company and its affiliates, if such claims exceed their liability under German law. To secure such
obligations, the Company has obtained directors & officers liability insurance carrying a deductible
which complies with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). The indemnity
applies for the time in which each member of the Management Board is in office and for claims in this
connection after termination of membership on the Management Board in each case.

Former members of the Management Board did not receive any compensation in the fiscal year other
than mentioned herein. As of December 31 of the fiscal year, pension obligations towards this group of
persons exist in an amount of €20,469 THOUS (2015: €13,988 THOUS), of which €5,933 THOUS
were attributable to Mr. Roberto Fusté.

VI. Tables of the value of benefits granted and of the allocation

The German Corporate Governance Code provides that the compensation report shall include
information for each member of the Management Board on the benefits granted and allocations made
as well as on the pension expenses for the fiscal year. The model tables provided in the appendix to
the German Corporate Governance Code shall be used to present this information. The following
tables include information on the value of benefits granted as well as on the allocations made. They
adhere to the structure and, to the greatest extent possible, the standards of the model tables of the
German Corporate Governance Code:

68


--- Page 69 ---

Benefits granted to serving members of the Management Board as of December 31, 2016

in € THOUS

Fixed compensation
Fringe benefits")

Total non-performance-based compensation
One-year variable compensation

Multi-year variable compensation / components with
long-term incentive effects

thereof Share Based Award - New Incentive Bonus
Plan 2010

3-year term / 3-year waiting period
thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
‘Stock Option Plan 2011

8-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
Phantom Stock Plan 2011

5-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2016 -
Performance Share Plan 2016

4-year term / 4-year vesting period
Total non-performance-based and performance-based
compensation

Pension expense

Value of benefits granted

Fixed compensation
Fringe benefits"
Total non-performance-based compensation
One-year variable compensation
Multi-year variable compensation / components with
long-term incentive effects
thereof Share Based Award - New Incentive Bonus
Plan 2010
3-year term / 3-year waiting period
thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
‘Stock Option Plan 2011
8-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
Phantom Stock Plan 2011

5-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2016 -
Performance Share Plan 2016

4-year term / 4-year vesting period

Total non-performance-based and performance-based
compensation

Pension expense

Value of benefits granted

Rice Powell
Chairman of the Management Board
Member of the Management Board since December

Michael Brosnan
Chief Financial Officer
Member of the Management Board since January 1,

21,2005? 2010
2016 2016 2016 2015") 2016 2016 2016 2015"

um__ Maximum Minimum __ Maximum
1,242 1,242 1,242 1,239 696 696 696 604
121 121 121 342 194 194 194 533
1,363, 1,363 1,363 1,581 890 890 890 1,227
2,050 169 2,460 2,586 4) 1,148 98 1,377 1.4519
2,415 = na 3,185 1,306 = na 1,602
877 - na. 164 537 - na 92
- - na 2,244 - - na 1,122
- - na. 717 - - na 388
1,538 = na = 769 : na -
5,828 1,532 na 7,362 3,344 988 na 4,280
741 741 741 570 666 666 666 533
6,569 2,273 na 7,922 4,010 1,654 na 4,813

Ronald Kuerbitz
Member of the Management Board for North

Olaf Schermeier
Member of the Management Board for Global

‘America Research and Development
Member of the Management Board since January 1, Member of the Management Board since March 1,
2013 2013
2016 2016 2016 2015") 2016 2016 2016 2015"
um__ Maximum Minimum __Maximum
845 845, 845 843 450 450 450 450
19 19 19 28 83 83 83 6359)
864 864 864 871 533 533, 533 1,085
1,394 127, 1,673 18419 743 56 891 946
1,482 = na 1,636 1,072 = na 1,584
713 - na. 111 297 - na 59
- - na. 748 - - na 748
- - na. 717 - - na 77
769 - na. : 775 : na -
3,740 991 na 4,348 2,348 589 na 3,615
751 751 751 2,327 151 151 151 :
4491 1,742 na 6.675 2,499 740 na 3,615

1) Includes insurance premiums, private use of company cars, special payments such as school fees, rent and relocation supplements, reimbursement of fees for the
preparation of tax returns and reimbursement of certain other charges, contributions to pension and health insurance as well as tax burden compensation due to varying
tax rates applicable in Germany and the U.S. (net compensation) as well as other fringe benefits, also in case accruals have been set up therefore.

2) The indicated date refers to the appointment as member of the Management Board of the General Partner.
3) Please note for purposes of comparison with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that the compensation is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending
on whether it is contractually denominated in euro (Roberto Fusté, Dr. Olaf Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan,

Ronald Kuerbitz and Kent Wanzek).

4) Includes a discretionary bonus for fiscal year 2015 granted to Mr. Rice Powell in the amount of €541, to Mr. Michael Brosnan in the amount of €306, to Mr. Roberto
Fusté in the amount of €189, to Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz in the amount of €451, to Dr. Olaf Schermeier in the amount of €203, to Mr. Kent Wanzek in the amount of €203 and

to Mr. Dominik Wehner in the amount of €117.

5) This also includes the rent and relocation supplements incurred by the Company, including, but not limited to, non-recurring costs in connection with the relocation of
Dr. Schermeier at the start of his occupation with the Company.

69


--- Page 70 ---

Benefits granted to serving members of the Management Board as of December 31, 2016

in € THOUS

Fixed compensation
Fringe benefits"
Total non-performance-based compensation

One-year variable compensation
Multi-year variable compensation / components with
long-term incentive effects

thereof Share Based Award - New Incentive Bonus
Plan 2010

3-year term / 3-year waiting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
‘Stock Option Plan 2011

8-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
Phantom Stock Plan 2011

5-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2016 -
Performance Share Plan 2016

4-year term / 4-year vesting period
Total non-performance-based and performance-based
compensation

Pension expense

Value of benefits granted

Fixed compensation
Fringe benefits"
Total non-performance-based compensation

One-year variable compensation
Multi-year variable compensation / components with
long-term incentive effects

thereof Share Based Award - New Incentive Bonus

Plan 2010

3-year term / 3-year waiting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -

‘Stock Option Plan 2011

8-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -
Phantom Stock Plan 2011

5-year term / 4-year vesting period

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2016 -
Performance Share Plan 2016

4-year term / 4-year vesting period

Total non-performance-based and performance-based
compensation

Pension expense
Value of benefits granted

Kent Wanzek
Member of the Management Board for Global
Manufacturing Operations

Member of the Management Board since January 1,

Member of the Management Board for EMEA
Member of the Management Board since April 1,

2010 2014

2016 2016 2016 20157) 2016 2016 2016 2015"
um__Maximum Minimum __Maximum

539 539 539 538 408 406 408 350

112 112 112 112 37 37 37 37

651 651 651 650 443 443 443 387

890 73 1,068 1,091) 670 53 804 695%

1,120 = na 1,643 1,043 = na 1,617

351 - na. 130 268 - na 92

- - na. 1,047 0 - na 748

- - na. 468 0 - na 77

769 - na. : 775 : na -

2,661 724 na 3,384 2,156 496 na 2,699

379 379 379 292 98 98 98 99

3,040 1,103 na 3,676 2,254 594 na 2,798

Harry de Wit

Member of the Management Board for Asia-Pacific

Member of the Management Board since April 1,
2016

2016 2016 2016 2015")

360 360 360 -
213 213 213 -
573 573, 573, -
594 124 713 -

1,013 - ha. -
238 - na. -

- - na. -

- - na. -
775 - ha. -
2,180 697 ha. -
2,180 697 na. -

1) Includes insurance premiums, private use of company cars, special payments such as school fees, rent and relocation supplements, reimbursement of fees for the
preparation of tax returns and reimbursement of certain other charges, contributions to pension and health insurance as well as tax burden compensation due to varying
tax rates applicable in Germany and the U.S. (net compensation) as well as other fringe benefits, also in case accruals have been set up therefore.

3) Please note for purposes of comparison with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that the compensation is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending
on whether it is contractually denominated in euro (Roberto Fusté, Dr. Olaf Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan,

Ronald Kuerbitz and Kent Wanzek).

4) Includes a discretionary bonus for fiscal year 2015 granted to Mr. Rice Powell in the amount of €541, to Mr. Michael Brosnan in the amount of €306, to Mr. Roberto
Fusté in the amount of €189, to Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz in the amount of €451, to Dr. Olaf Schermeier in the amount of €203, to Mr. Kent Wanzek in the amount of €203 and

to Mr. Dominik Wehner in the amount of €117.

70


--- Page 71 ---

Benefits granted to former members of the Management Board who retired in fiscal year 2016

in € THOUS
Roberto Fusté”
Member of the Management Board for Asia-Pacific
Member of the Management Board until March 31,
2016
2016 2016 2016 2015") a
linimum __Maximum.
Fixed compensation 145 145 145 580
Fringe benefits") 73 73 73 482
Total non-performance-based compensation 218 218 218 4,062
One-year variable compensation 1.276 174 1,531 1,146
Multi-year variable compensation / components with
long-term incentive effects - = na 1,672
thereof Share Based Award - New Incentive Bonus
Plan 2010
3-year term / 3-year waiting period - - na. 153

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -

‘Stock Option Plan 2011

8-year term / 4-year vesting period - - na 898
thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2011 -

Phantom Stock Plan 2011

5-year term / 4-year vesting period - - na 621

thereof Long Term Incentive Program 2016 -
Performance Share Plan 2016

4-year term / 4-year vesting period - = na =
Total non-performance-based and performance-based

compensation 1,494 392 na 3,880
Pension expense 301 301 301 280
Value of benefits granted 1,795 693 na 4,160

1) Includes insurance premiums, private use of company cars, special payments such as school fees, rent and relocation supplements, reimbursement of fees for the
preparation of tax returns and reimbursement of certain other charges, contributions to pension and health insurance as well as tax burden compensation due to varying
tax rates applicable in Germany and the U.S. (net compensation) as well as other fringe benefits, also in case accruals have been set up therefore.

3) Please note for purposes of comparison with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that the compensation is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations depending
on whether it is contractually denominated in euro (Roberto Fusté, Dr. Olaf Schermeier, Dominik Wehner and Harry de Wit) or U.S. dollar (Rice Powell, Michael Brosnan,
Ronald Kuerbitz and Kent Wanzek),

4) Includes a discretionary bonus for fiscal year 2015 granted to Mr. Rice Powell in the amount of €541, to Mr. Michael Brosnan in the amount of €306, to Mr. Roberto
Fusté in the amount of €189, to Mr. Ronald Kuerbitz in the amount of €451, to Dr. Olaf Schermeier in the amount of €203, to Mr. Kent Wanzek in the amount of €203 and
to Mr. Dominik Wehner in the amount of €117.

6) Mr. Roberto Fusté resigned from the Management Board of the General Partner with effect as of March 31, 2016, In addition to the compensation set out, Mr. Roberto
Fusté received the following compensation in the fiscal year: fixed compensation (€435), fringe benefits (€253) as well as multi-year variable compensation (Long Term
Incentive Program 2016 - Performance Share Plan 2016 (€775)); such compensation was received by Mr. Roberto Fusté only after his resignation from the Management
Board.

7) Also included are payments and accruals the Company made in the context of holding Mr. Roberto Fusté harmless from certain adverse tax effects.

71


--- Page 72 ---

cL

sjaye xe} asianpe Uleyed Woy SseIUUEY eISN4 CHEqOY “IW BuIpjoy Jo IxeqUOO ayy UI epeLH AueduIOD ey) sjeniooe pue swueUiAed aie pepnjoul os|y (L

pieog juaweBeueyy ay} Woy UoNeUBisad siy Jeye AlUO aISN.4 CLEqoY ‘IJV Aq parlodel Sem UoNesuadulod Yons ‘((gz13) LLOZ LID

= LL0z Weld }OIg WOMeYd - 110Z WesBoig eAyUBOUL WE) BUO7 pue (600'L3) 600Z WEIN - 9O0Z UeId UONdO YOIS (LSE3) ZLOZ WELD - OL0Z Ueld SNUOg anUsdU] MAN - PieMy paseg aleys) UOESUAadLOD eIgeNIEA JeAk-HINW Se jJaM Se (|:¢G'9) UOESUEdWOD a|qeLIeN 1eek-2u0
‘(esza) siyoueq a6uLy (Gey) uoesuadwiod pexy EEA jeosy uy Ul LORESUadUIOD BuIMo||O} 84 PaN'edeI eISN4 OHEGOY “IW ‘PaYed!pul UOEsUadwIOD oy} O} LONIPPE UI “LOZ ‘LE YOJEW\ JO Se EYS YIM 1BUpEY [eu Ou} Jo pleog jusWEBeUEW aU} WON PoUBisel aISN4 LEGON IW (9
‘Auedwo9 ayy YIM Uonednod0 Siy Jo HeIS OY) 1B J8IEULEYOS “4G JO UONDO|e! 84} YIM UONDEUUOD UI $}S00 BUUNde.-UOU 'o} Pay] JOU Ng “Bulpnjou! ‘AUedWOD ayy Aq pauunoU! sjuaLUe|ddns UoReDDO}a1 pue UAI O4y SepN|OU! OSI SIYL (

Z11340 qunoWe ey) UI JeUYa/\ HIUIWOQ “IW 0} pUE EOZ3 JO JUNOWE ayy UI YOZUE/M TUEy “AN OF 'EOZ3.

Jo qUNOWe ay} Ul JaleUNEYDS JeIO “IG O}‘LSp9 Jo JUNOWE ey) UI ZIgieNy PleuoY “IWV 0} “6819 JO UNOWE ay} UI ISN4 CLEGOY “IW OF ‘gOE9 Jo TUNOWE aly UI LEUSOIG JSEYDIWY “IW O} “| pS9 JO IUNOWE Ay} UI |JeMOd 291y “IW 0} PAIUEIG G10Z JEAK JeOSI JO} SNUG AteuonalosIp e SapnjoU| (>
(jezue)M quay pue ZygIONy PleuoY ‘UEUSOI JBEYDIVY ‘]EMOd 201) JEI]OP “SN 10 (IM OP AEH

ue JoUYEnA »IUIWOG ‘seteWE4DS JI “sd ‘91SN4 O48GoY) O4ne UI payeUIWOUEp AljeN}oe:IUOD $1 1! J8yIeYM UO BuIPUadep SUoHEMoN| ayes B6UEYOXE UBIa10} 0} OE/qNs S| UONesUaduIoD 84} Te} IBAA [eOsy 84) JO} PaIeoIpU! sjUNOWE By) YM UOSHedWOD Jo sasodind 10 a10U aseald (¢
JeUUeg [e1BUED ay} Jo pleog JUaWeBEUEW\ OY) Jo JaquaW se yUaUNUIOdde a4) 0} siaJo1 ajep pareoipul ay (Z.

‘aloyaieyy dh yes ueeq aney sjeniooe ase ul osje ‘siyeuaq eBULy JAy}O Se |jam Se (YOReSUdWOd Jeu) “g"/f Bu Pue AUEWUIAD U! aqeojdde seye1 xe} Bu!AieA 0} aNp UOesUaduioD UapiNg xe} Se |jaM SE

souesnsul yyjeay pue UOIsued 0} SuoANgLNUCD ‘seB1eYo J84JO UleLe9 Jo JEUIEsINquUTe! PU SUAN}e! Xe} Jo UONWeLedaid au 104 S894 Jo JuELIEsNquUta: ‘sjuaLHE|ddhs UONeDOIAI PUe Jue: ‘SeBj JOOYDS Se YONS sjuaLUAed je1Jeds ‘sieo AUeduICD Jo asn ayenlid ‘suUNwesd eouEINsUI Sepn|ouI (1

80s'S 61s 987" vob veo" v6Lb ves'y grt sist 98'S Vere ze9 zoe Vel OBL WoneOOIY

082 TOE 7 0 66 36 zz ele 7 1s Tee WSL ees 399 os WL asuadke uoisued

wees ae - Ecras sos 6s err wy 3orT very OSS Owe ees err wees EOL uonesueduios peseq-eouewioyied
pue paseq-eouewioyied-uoU [eo],

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 49410

- - - - - oe - a - - - oor - vel - 981 LLoz wep

poued Buysan se0h-p / wo} 1e0/-G

LL0Z Weld YOOIS woe - 1 40z

weiBoig enjueoul wie], 6407 oa184y

- - - - - - - 666" - - 920'L - - - - oy o10z weID
ovL't - - - - ove - - - - vee - - gos‘ - £07 600z eID
oz - - - 60e - - - - - - - oee'L - eUez - 002 UID
pouad Buysan se0f-¢ / wie} 1294-1

9002 UeId UoRdO YoOIg Joo10u3

- - - - sly - - - - - - - ese'z - - - sooz wer
pouied Buysen

seek-y pue -€ 2 pulyy eu0 / wie) 1204-4

Loo

Uueig uondo yoag feuonewaryy oaiey)

- - - - - - - ve - - - - - sue - 86s z10z eID
zz - - - - - ssz - - - - - z6z - sey - bL0z weID
pouad Buysan sake / wa} 109h-¢

0102 uelg snuog enquedu

MON - plemy paseg eeu joa10u,

ase = = = vel ove 82 Teve = = 008 T oor 1e0v 900% 309% eee syoeye
enqueoul wi2y-6u0] yun sjueuoduioo
Juonesuaduics ajqeuen seaf-niny,

8¥9 = = SIL w vOE 08 7 v6S sor  18e 168 w S8L Oly wes 008 wer COVE uonesuaduios ajqeuen se0f-2U0)
90°F ae = es 78e hy 059 139 3807 268 v8 98 Let 068 ves Coa uonesuaduica
paseq aouewuojsad-uou je}0 1
weer el = ee ie ze zr zi @ S€9 8 cid er eS ver we ve sqeueq e6un4
os Sh - o9¢ ose 90b ges ees osy osy eve sve 69 969 eez'h eet uonresuaduios paxi4
(ab0z g10z (eSb0z ob0z (eSb0z 9b0z (eSb0z ob0z (eSb0z ob0z (esb0z g10z sb0z g10z sb0z 102
g10z Fe yore yun 9102 Fb dy yloe by o1oz | Arenuer E102 “b YEW eb0z | Arenuer o10z 1} Arenuer (S002 “1Z Jequisseq
pleog JueWe6eUeW 24) JO.JeqUe; souls pleog jueWaBeUeW souls pleog WSWeBeUeW oUIS Pleog jueWABeUEWY souls pleog JuaWeBeUeW soUIS pleog weWeBeUEW sous Pleog JueWeBeUeWN eoUlS pleog jUsWeBeUEW
uy Jo Jequieyy uy Jo Jequieyy uy Jo Jequiey) uy Jo Jequiay uy Jo Jaquieyy ip Jo Jaquieyy uy Jo Jequieyy
suoneiedo queuidojaneq
oyoed-eisy vana Buunjoesnuey [eqo1a pue yo1easey [eq015 eoueuy YHON
‘yloe eis 40} Jo} pleogiuewisbeuey JO} pleogjueWeBeURWY Jo} plo yUsWeBeUeW JO} pleog yusWieBeUEWY —_40 pleog JUaWeBeULWY pieog juewebeueyy
pleog yuewiebeueyy 24) Jo 1aquieyy uy Jo 18qUIEW) uy Jo J8quIey) uy Jo J8quIey) uy Jo Jequiay ip Jo saquieyy 4J201YO JeIOUeU! 4 $214 ‘uy Jo ueWuteyS
(o¥8n4 cHeqoN 4M ep Aue souyen HuRWOg yezueM Ey s9}euue4os Je10 “40 Zilqieny pleuow ueusodg |9491IN jomod 2:
(e107 180k jes
uy paige) pieog quowebeuey 9102 ‘Le 4equiezeg Jo se pieog juewaBeuey atp jo siequiow Bulaieg

up Jo Jequiaut s9ul404
SNOHL9 U!

‘SUOHEDOI|Y


--- Page 73 ---

Compensation of the Supervisory Board

The compensation of the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board is set out in clause 13 of the
Articles of Association. The Annual General Meeting resolved on May 12, 2016 to adjust the amount of
the fixed compensation of the Supervisory Board with effect as of January 1, 2017.

Each Supervisory Board member receives a fixed salary of $80 THOUS ($88 THOUS as of January 1,
2017) for each full fiscal year, payable in four equal instalments at the end of a calendar quarter. The
Chairman of the Supervisory Board receives additional compensation of $80 THOUS ($88 THOUS as
of January 1, 2017) and his deputy additional compensation of $40 THOUS ($44 THOUS as of
January 1, 2017) per respective complete fiscal year.

In addition, each member of the Supervisory Board shall also receive as a variable performance-
related compensation component an additional remuneration which is based upon the respective
average growth in basic earnings per share of the Company (EPS) during the period of the last three
fiscal years prior to the payment date (3-year average EPS growth). The amount of the variable
performance-related remuneration component is $60 THOUS in case of achieving a 3-year average
EPS growth corridor from 8.00 to 8.99%, $70 THOUS in the corridor from 9.00 to 9.99% and
$80 THOUS in case of a growth of 10.00% or more. If the aforementioned targets are reached, the
respective variable remuneration amounts are earned to their full extent, i.e. within these margins
there is no pro rata remuneration. In any case, this component is limited to a maximum of $80 THOUS
per annum. Reciprocally, the members of the Supervisory Board are only entitled to the remuneration
component if the 3-year average EPS growth of at least 8.00% is reached. Provided that the relevant
targets have been achieved, the remuneration is, in principle, disbursed on a yearly basis following the
approval of the Company’s annual financial statements for the respective fiscal year. For the fiscal
year 2016, the 3-year average EPS growth for the fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 was relevant.

In application of the principles above, for the previous year no entitlement to a payment of variable
performance-related compensation was generated.

As a member of a committee, a Supervisory Board member of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA additionally
annually receives $40 THOUS ($44 THOUS as of January 1, 2017). A member of a committee who
serves as chairman or vice chairman of a committee additionally receives $20 THOUS and
$10 THOUS a year ($22 THOUS and $11 THOUS as of January 1, 2017, respectively), payable in
identical instalments at the end of a calendar quarter. For memberships in the Nomination Committee
of the Supervisory Board and in the Joint Committee of the Company as well as in the capacity of their
respective chairmen and deputy chairmen, no separate remuneration shall be granted to the members
of the Supervisory Board. In accordance with section 13e para. 3 of the Articles of Association of
FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, the members of the Joint Committee are, however, entitled to receive an
attendance fee in the amount of $3.5 THOUS.

Should a member of the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board be a member of the Supervisory
Board of the General Partner Fresenius Medical Care Management AG at the same time, and receive
compensation for his work on the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, the
compensation for the work as a FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board member shall be reduced by
half. The same applies to the additional compensation for the Chairman of the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA
Supervisory Board and his deputy, to the extent that they are at the same time chairman and deputy,
respectively, of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management AG. If the deputy
chairman of the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board is at the same time chairman of the
Supervisory Board at Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, he shall receive no additional
compensation for his work as deputy chairman of the FMC-AG & Co. KGaA Supervisory Board to this
extent.

The compensation of the members of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care Management
AG and the compensation of the members of its committees were charged to FMC-AG & Co. KGaA in
accordance with section 7 para. 3 of the Articles of Association of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA.

The members of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA are to be reimbursed for the
expenses incurred in their exercise of their offices, which also include the applicable VAT.

The total compensation of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA including the amount
charged by Fresenius Medical Care Management AG to FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, is stated in the
following table:

73


--- Page 74 ---

Compensation of the Supervisory Board

in € THOUS?

Fixed compensation Fixed compensation Compensation for Compensation for

for Supervisory Board at for Supervisory Board at committee services at committee services at Non-performance related
FMC ManagementAG __FMC-AG &Co.KGaA___ FMC Management AG __FMC-AG & Co. KGaA compensation
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015

Dr. Gerd Krick 36 36 108 108 54 54 40 36 238 234
Stephan Sturm?) 82 - - - 16 - 4 - 102 -
Rolf A. Classon 36 36 36 36 89 54 32 - 193, 126
William P. Johnston 36 36 36 36 103 108 51 36 226 216
Deborah Doyle McWhinney® - - 46 - - - 23 - 69 -
Dr. Dieter Schenk 54 54 54 54 74 45 - - 182 153
Pascale Witz” - - 46 - - - - - 46 -
Dr. Ulf M. Schneider’ 72 144 - - 32 63 - - 104 207
Dr. Walter L. Weisman®) 14 36 14 36 16 45 20 54 64 71
Prof. Dr. Bernd Fahrholz” - - 26 72 = = 16 45 42 117
TOTAL 330 342 366 342 384 369 186 174 1,266 1,224

1) Shown without VAT and withholding tax; translation of U.S. dollar amounts at respective average exchange rates for the respective year

2) Chairman of the Supervisory Board of FMC Management AG, but not member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA; compensation paid by FMC
Management AG. Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Mr. Stephan Sturm was appointed as member of the Supervisory
Board of FMC Management AG as of May 11, 2016, and as Chairman as of June 30, 2016. He was elected as member and Chairman of the Human Resources Committee
as of September 27, 2016. Therefore, he received the respective compensation payments to be set out herein as of the respective dates.

3) Member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, but not member of the Supervisory Board of FMC Management AG; compensation paid by FMC-AG & Co.
KGaA. Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Mrs. Deborah Doyle McWhinney was appointed as member of the
Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA not before May 12, 2016, and, therefore, received compensation payments to be set out herein as of this date.

4) Member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, but not member of the Supervisory Board of FMC Management AG; compensation paid by FMC-AG & Co.
KGaA. Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Mrs. Pascale Witz was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board of
FMC-AG & Co. KGaA not before May 12, 2016, and, therefore, received compensation payments to be set out herein as of this date.

5) Chairman of the Supervisory Board of FMC Management AG, but not member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA; compensation paid by FMC
Management AG. Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Dr. Ulf M. Schneider was appointed as member of the Supervisory
Board of FMC Management AG until June 30, 2016, and, therefore, received compensation payments to be set out herein until this date.

6) Please note for purposes of comparison of the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Dr. Walter L. Weisman was appointed as member of the Supervisory Board of
FMC Management AG until May 11, 2016, and as member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA until May 12, 2016, and, therefore, received compensation
payments to be set out herein until these dates.

7) Member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA, but not member of the Supervisory Board of FMC Management AG; compensation paid by FMC-AG & Co.
KGaA. Please note for purposes of comparison with the amounts indicated for the fiscal year that Prof. Dr. Bernd Fahrholz was appointed as member of the Supervisory
Board of FMC Management AG until May 11, 2016, and as member of the Supervisory Board of FMC-AG & Co. KGaA until May 12, 2016, and, therefore, received
compensation payments to be set out herein until these dates.

Hof an der Saale, February 21, 2017

Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA

Represented by the General Partner
Fresenius Medical Care Management AG
Managing Board

74
