

--- Page 1 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

1. INTRODUCTION

Risk is the possibility of an event occurring that will have a
negative impact on the people, assets, environment, reputation,
or strategic objectives of the Group, including forgoing potential
opportunities. Calculated risk-taking within a pre-established risk
appetite endorsed by the Board is an inherent aspect of the
activities of Solvay. This risk appetite is translated through a
number of Group policies approved by the Comex, and especially
through the 25 “red lines” set out in the Solvay Management Book
as mandatory rules

The Group's systematic risk management is integrated with
strategy, business decisions and operations through the
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach, facilitated by the
Internal Audit and Risk Management (IA/RM) department. This
approach ensures that Solvay leaders identify, assess, and
manage ll potentially significant business risks and
opportunities. Risk management is integrated into strategic and
operational decision-making; it is seen as an_ essential
management tool and an important aid in making the decisions
needed to achieve the Company's short, medium, and long-term
objectives. In a context of global economic and_ political
uncertainty, changing power balances, different growth
dynamics, shortening market cycles, raw-material and energy
price volatility, and quick technological evolution, Solvay also
believes that monitoring and managing risks effectively is key to
achieving its sustainability objectives.

The ERM methodology was refined in 2014, and then rolled out
across the whole Group in 2015. The revisions introduced
improvements that allow a better prioritization of relevant risks
and a more focused risk response by individual GBUs and
functions, and at Group level.

GBU Risk Coordinators were appointed in 2016, and their role
has been clarified. They are part of a network facilitated by IA/
RM to share best practices and methodology improvements. Also
in 2016, GBUs updated their risk maps to take into account the
status of the risk treatment actions launched previously.

The key steps of the ERM process are:
+ an initial series of risk management exercises in which each
GBU and each function, assisted by the IA/RM team, reviews

and updates its own risk matrix, and also defines risk owners
responsible for mitigating the most critical risks.

S\souev + 2016 Annual Integrated Report
58

* asecond phase in which a risk identification is conducted with
the Leadership Council: building on an IA/RM team analysis of
individual GBU/function transversal or correlated risks, a list
of Group risks is generated and then assessed. This year, the
correlation analysis has been extended to ensure a better risk
response;

* ina further phase, Group risks (considered as the most critical
risks for the Group) are closely reviewed by the Group Risk
Committee (composed of the Executive Committee and the
general managers of the Industrial, Legal & Compliance,
Human Resources, and Sustainable Development functions).
For each Group risk, a member of the Comex is appointed to
be the risk sponsor and to ensure that the risk is adequately
addressed.

Finally, the Group risks update is presented at an extended
Audit Committee session dedicated to this subject, where the
Chairman of the Board, the CEO, and other Board members
are present. The CEO presents and explains the key changes.

The mitigating actions and their status are monitored and
reported by the IA/RM team in a Group risk dashboard. This
dashboard is updated, published and formally reviewed by the
Group Risk Committee twice during the year. The committee
assesses both progress on mitigating actions and new
developments in the risk environment. Group risks are also
considered annually by the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors.

Internal control is one aspect of risk management. Please refer
to section 8 of the Corporate Governance section of this Annual
Report for a detailed description of the Solvay Group risk
management and internal control system.

Crisis Preparedness, another important aspect of the response
to risk, operates a structured network within the Group. Assigned
members perform tasks and implement programs to ensure the
readiness of their business units and functions. These programs
include crisis simulations, media training for potential
spokespersons, maintenance of key databases, and analysis of
relevant internal and external events. The risks identified through
the ERM approach influence the scenarios used in the
simulations.

The description of the risks relevant to Solvay and the actions the
Group takes to reduce those risks are listed below. The mitigation
efforts described do not guarantee that risks will not materialize
or impact the Group, but they show how Solvay is proactively
managing risk exposures.


--- Page 2 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

2. MAIN RISKS

The Group Risk Committee has assessed the impact and level
of control of Group risks and the findings were considered and
noted by the extended Audit Committee in December 2016. It
uses four main types of impact: economic impact, impact on
people, impact on the environment, and impact on reputation.

The level of control of the risks was assessed by considering the
following questions:

+ Are the mitigating/controlling actions defined?

* Are the actions implemented, fully or partially?

+ Is the effectiveness of those actions monitored?

Each of these criteria has been rated on a four-level scale.

The criticality is determined by the combination of the risks two
ratings (impact and level of control) at the time of the
assessment.

In the chart below, the trend reflects the direction of each risk’s
criticality, taking into account the implementation of mitigating
actions in 2016, as well as external developments. Each key risk is
sponsored and monitored by a Comex member.

Criticality Risk Trend
Chemical product usage >

Moderate to High Ethics and Compliance >
Information protection and cyber-risk N

comet Industrial safety >
Environmental strategy* N/A

* Emerging risk: newly developing or changing risks that may have on the long-term, a significant impact which will need to be assessed in the future.

Climate change - emerging risk

Description

Climate change increases the occurrence of extreme natural
events, significantly impacting Solvay’s sites and supply chain.
These impacts could manifest themselves as one or more of the
following consequences:

+ Inability to operate plants
+ Asset damage

+ Difficulty supplying customers

* Disruption in the supply of raw materials, energy or utilities.

Prevention and mitigation
This risk has a long-term horizon; nevertheless, Solvay is creating
a consistent mitigation plan, the details of which are as follows.

* Build a methodology (type of impacts to be taken into account
- major events, permanent changes, environmental, socio-
economic impacts - level of impact, location, etc.)

Consider the following impacts:

- Greater frequency and higher amplitude of natural events
such as floods and storms

- Regulatory impact (intake water temperature, return water
temperature)

~ Sea level rise

- Drought/Hydric stress => update previous study

Deploy the methodology onto the Industrial footprint and
supply chain flows.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Reon
59


--- Page 3 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Security

Description

This heading includes intentional attacks on Solvay sites,
information and people, with the intent to cause harm, damage
or negative consequences

Prevention and mitigation
+ Solvay has a threat-based security risk-based approach to
protecting sites, information and people.

A Group Security Director, appointed in 2016, coordinates all
security activities globally in order to ensure efficient mitigation
of security risks

The Executive Committee has endorsed the creation of two

governance bodies:

- a Security Board, chaired by the CFO and another Comex
member

~ a Security Coordination Working Group, chaired by the
Group Security Director, with the objective of driving a
continuous security threat monitoring program and an
optimized security program for the Group

In response to the heightened terror threat in Europe,
immediate measures were taken to increase protection at a
number of sites.

Solvay Business Services (SBS) has launched a number of
initiatives to mitigate cyber security risks.

A travel security program has been approved and
implemented to increase protection for business travelers.

Transport accident

Description

The risk of causing injury to neighbors or the public may be a
consequence of an accident during transport activities.

Prevention and mitigation

The risk of an accident in connection with hazardous chemicals
transportation is reduced by optimizing transport routes, relying
on selected and audited hauliers, and calling upon worldwide
emergency assistance from the Carechem service in the event
of an accident. In addition, every effort is made to minimize the
number of transportation activities by operating with integrated
production units for hazardous intermediates. Solvay follows the
safety recommendations of associations such as Eurochlor and
CTEF (Comité Technique Européen du Fluor), and programs such
as Responsible Care®.

\souev + 2016 Annual Integrated Report

Chemical product usage

Description

* Product-liability risk: Solvay’s exposure stems from the
possibility of injury to third parties or damage to their property
arising from the use of a Solvay product, as well as from the
resulting litigation.

+ The possible consequences of a faulty product include
exposure to liability for injury and damage, and product recalls.
Product liability risk is generally higher for products used in
healthcare and food & feed applications.

Solvay is also exposed to adverse outcomes while developing
new products and technologies or scaling up a process.

Prevention and mitigation

* Solvay Product Stewardship Management System (PSMS)
manages product risks ensuring safety across the full-product
life cycles.

* In-house product stewardship experts identify and assess the
hazards and risks of Solvay products.

* The Group characterizes and manages risks related to the uses
and applications of its products, and - in collaboration with
the GBUs - prioritizes mitigation actions relating to potential
inappropriate use.

* Stewardship programs give adequate information and
technical assistance to customers, ensuring a good
understanding of safe use and handling.

Solvay Safety Data Sheets (SDS) ensure harmonized content by
implementing a common worldwide SAP system for the Group.
Control by SDS shipping allows confirmation that any product
marketed by Solvay is accompanied by a compliant SDS. Solvay
monitors the discrepancies registered during checks and
manages failures due to shipping.

* The Group also develops and deploys recall procedures as
prescribed by the product stewardship programs, a product
stewardship management system, and a product safety
management process that includes healthcare.

Solvay takes out insurance to reduce the financial impact of a
product liability risk, including for first and third-party product
recall.


--- Page 4 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Ethics and compliance
Description
Risk arises from a potential failure to comply with

+ The Solvay Code of Conduct

* Supporting policies and procedures

* Laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which Solvay
operates.

Examples:

+ Failure to implement good governance in a joint venture
* Direct or indirect involvement in human rights violations

+ Intentional misstatement of financial reporting, corruption and
by-passing of internal controls.

Prevention and mitigation

The Code of Conduct, policies and procedures adopted to
enhance good governance apply to all employees wherever they
are located. In addition:

Third parties are expected to act within the framework of the
Code of Conduct.

All critical suppliers must confirm that they adhere to the
principles set out in the Solvay Supplier code.

Majority-owned joint ventures are held to the Solvay Code
of Conduct or to a separate code adopted based on similar
principles.

Compliance organization:

+ This organization operates under the leadership of the Group
General Counsel to enhance a Group-wide culture based on
ethics and compliance. It also monitors compliance with
applicable laws, the Code of Conduct, and supporting policies
and procedures.

* Regional Compliance Officers serve in all four zones where the
Group operates to ensure communication of the Code and the
principles on which it is based.

Every global business unit and function within Solvay appoints
Compliance Liaisons to enhance adherence to compliance
objectives and to instill a commitment to compliance
throughout Solvay.

Training:

* Courses are developed internally and presented by the Legal
& Compliance function to ensure understanding and adoption
and to address behavioral risks in certain areas such as anti-
trust, anti-bribery and corruption, human rights, and other
aspects of Corporate Social Responsibility. Multi-lingual online
training is also being developed

* Special campaigns to maintain and/or enhance the level of
awareness within the Group are identified and adopted
annually.

+ New employee training is organized as part of the orientation
process.

Reporting violations

* Is encouraged as a condition of employment through various
internal avenues, including management, Human Resources,
Legal & Compliance, and Internal Audit.

+ Anexternal third-party helpline active 24 hours a day, 365 days
ayear allows employees to ask questions, raise concerns or file
reports. The Solvay Ethics Helpline is available on the web or
by phone, operationally via the internet in 46 specific regions
in more than 40 languages, and via the phone in more than 20
languages.

+ This Group-wide Speak Up program is overseen by the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Report”

61


--- Page 5 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Information protection and cyber risk

Description

Information and cyber risk includes theft, manipulation or
destruction of information, and the inability to ensure continuity
of services or to protect confidential, critical or sensitive
information.

Prevention and mitigation

Cyber security program

Solvays cyber security and confidential information loss
prevention program was further enhanced in 2016:

+ Outside experts conducted independent assessments,
including penetration tests.

+ Solvay Business Services (SBS) renewed its quality
management program (ISO9001:2015) for all its activities and
the 1S027001:2013 certification that encompasses
cybersecurity for the majority of our information systems
activities is ongoing (all SBS will be certified IS027001 by end of
2017).

+ Training on information systems security policies and best
practices was completed for all SBS information systems
professionals.

+ End-user security training remains mandatory for all
employees. Cybersecurity tips are published regularly to
increase employee awareness.

+ New fraud management tools have been implemented to
identify and preempt fraud attempts.

In 2017, Solvay will continue to enhance its overarching cyber
security strategy and governance, develop the corporate
information security program, and explore other functions/
capabilities to enrich the company’s security posture and ability
to respond to a cyber-related threat.

While the Company has a comprehensive, regularly updated
cyber security program, a significant cyber attack could
nevertheless result in the loss of critical business information
and/or could negatively impact the company’s operations and
results.

Insurance

Solvay is insured against the potential financial impact of a cyber
event with respect to assets, business interruptions, and cases of
fraud.

Som + 2016 Annual Integrated Report

Industrial safety

Description

* Accidents on industrial sites may cause injury to employees,
contractors, or members of the public adjacent to those sites,
especially in the context of major releases of chemical
substances.

* Accidents involving employees or third-party individuals on
Solvay's sites are generally linked to a failure of safety
management relating to risks at the workplace.

* Accidents involving contractors include falls during work at
height, in construction and maintenance activities, use of tools,
and interaction with equipment during maintenance, as well
as accidents due to non-compliance with work permit
procedures.

* Risks of causing injury to neighbors or the public are mostly
a consequence of major process accidents at manufacturing
sites or during transport activities.

Prevention and mitigation

Occupational safety is the highest priority in managing the
activities of Solvay. The Group has a long track record of good
safety performance, and has made significant progress by
sharing good practices

* Safety results are considered monthly both at Executive
Committee and GBUs level.

* The Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) department
implements a management system entitled “Solvay Care
Management System (SCMS)", integrating all Solvay
requirements for HSE and fulfilling the international standards
1S014001 and OHSAS 18001. A new version of the
benchmarks will be released in 2017.

* The HSE department supports sites and GBUs by collecting,
validating, and distributing return on experience, lessons
learned bulletins on typical accident scenarios and
consequences. It is also part of external research, and
academic and inter-company developments to identify new
safety approaches: ICSI (Institut pour une Culture de Sécurité
Industrielle), EPSC (European Process Safety Centre) and CEFIC
(European Chemical Industry Council) initiatives

* Some actions in 2016: the first Solvay Safety Excellence Plan
2015-2016 to boost safety performance (being reviewed for
the 2017-2018 period). The plan focuses on: defining clear
expectations at management level, defining customized action
plans through site and GBU roadmaps, and generating a safety
excellence mindset. The most familiar initiative of this plan is
the eight "Solvay Life Saving Rules", which address the eight
most dangerous work-related activities (such as working at
height).


--- Page 6 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Environmental strategy - emerging risk
This risk was added to the main risks in 2016 because it was
becoming potentially significant for the Group

Description
+ Solvay's activities impact the environment through:
~ Use of raw materials based on fossil or non-renewable
resources
- Consumption of energy
~ Use of water
~ Production of waste (solid or liquid, hazardous or safe)
- Greenhouse gases emission
- NOx, SOx, Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) or dust
emission.

Failure to adapt to changing market dynamics or to
technological developments triggered by those environmental
concerns may damage the Group's reputation. It may cause
the Company to be undervalued by or unappealing to long-
term investors, and cause it to lose competitiveness

Prevention and mitigation
The Group's strategy focuses on businesses with higher added
value and less environmental exposure.

Every year, the Sustainable Portfolio Management (SPM) tool
assesses the environmental exposure of our sales and our
innovation projects portfolio.

The Carbon Intensity action plan has a 40% reduction target
for 2025 (reference year 2014).

Solvay has a new environmental plan and targets for 2020 on
air emissions (SOx, NOx, VOC), water usage, and hazardous
waste.

Research & Innovation focuses on selected megatrends,
including sustainability opportunities and concerns.

3. OTHERRISKS

Market and growth - Strategic risk

Description

* Strategic risk refers to Solvay’s exposure to developments in its
markets or its competitive environment, and the risk of making
erroneous strategic decisions

» Examples of risks:

- Economic downturn, drastic changes in energy and raw
material prices and availability

Reduction of demand in the Group’s main markets as a
consequence of either new legislation or competitive
actions, or events affecting its most important customers

- New entrants in a market, a price war, or significant
imbalances between supply and demand in its markets
Technological leaps leading to the development of
substitute products or more competitive manufacturing
processes

Lack of success of a new product.

Prevention and mitigation

The potential impact of adverse events is continuously assessed
and managed at both the GBU and corporate levels. This year,
there was a particular focus on:

* Systematic and formal analysis of markets and marketing
challenges on investments and innovation project ramp-ups.

+ Development of GDP+ growth markets: Automotive &
Aerospace, Resources & Environment, Electrical & Electronics
and Agro, Feed & Food.

* Development of customized, mission-critical solutions with our
key accounts.

* Adaptation of operations to new energy and CO2 markets.

Stronger focus on cash conversion and generation.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Reon
63


--- Page 7 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

The integration of Cytec has already delivered on its promise
in 2016, significantly exceeding targets for synergies and cash
generation. The addition has already enabled the Group to
expand its presence in the fast-growing advanced aerospace
materials market. In 2016 the development of new aircraft
platforms with high composite content was offset by lower
production rates of older generation aircraft. However, Solvay
remains well-positioned for growth as production of new aircraft
programs (growth expected on A320neo, B737 MAX, and Joint
Strike Fighter) with higher composite content.

The portfolio transformation continued in 2016, with the Group
scaling back cyclical and low-growth businesses by selling stakes
in Inovyn, Vinythai and Indupa, and by divesting the cellulose
acetate business.

Supply chain and manufacturing reliability risk
Description

Supply chain and manufacturing risk in production units and
transportation refers to risks related to raw materials, energy,
suppliers, production, storage units, and inbound/outbound
transportation. Risks include major equipment failure or damage,
natural disasters, strikes, and drastic shortages of raw materials,
utilities or critical equipment.

The geographic distribution of production units around the world
reduces the overall impact of one production unit being
damaged or interrupted. Some specialty products are, however,
produced only in a single plant.

Prevention and mitigation

Key risk areas are addressed with relevant dedicated policies
and risk control programs, such as the property loss prevention
program, process safety management procedures, the supplier
qualification and assessment process, integrated resource
planning and supply chain optimization systems, ERP (Emergency
Response Plans), corporate and local crisis management

Suv + 2016 Annual Integrated Report
64

procedures, business continuity planning (including for pandemic
risk), and networking groups for manufacturing and supply chain
managers.

Solvay takes out insurance to reduce the financial impact of
events that could cause extensive damage and material
business interruption. |t deploys a property loss prevention
program with the support of a large network of risk engineers
assigned by the insurers. The program focuses on the prevention
and mitigation of damage to assets and loss of profit due to fire,
explosion, accidental chemical release, and other adverse events.
The program has been reinforced across the Group and includes:
engineering visits to all locations, monitoring and providing
updates on the status of agreed risk improvement actions for
all locations, meetings with the GBUs on reducing property and
business interruption risks, road maps designed to reduce
property and business interruption risks, business impact
analysis and, loss prevention training for plant employees.

To identify supply chain risk, Solvay takes into account
environmental, social, security of supply, and innovation criteria
and identifies a mitigation action for each specific risk. These
strategic management reviews take place on a regular basis.

* Some suppliers are identified as critical based on their
strategic importance or because they might represent a
business, country, or product risk. Those suppliers have to
engage in a CSR assessment and a continuous improvement
process. All critical suppliers must also formally confirm that
they adhere to principles that are consistent with those set out
in the Solvay Supplier Code;

* Solvay owns several mines and quarries for the extraction of
trona, limestone, and salt. This reduces the risk of a disruption
in its raw material supplies (availability, reliability, and price),
as key suppliers are included in the property loss prevention
program whenever possible


--- Page 8 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

In the field of energy supply, Solvay has consistently
implemented programs to reduce its energy consumption for
many years. While Solvay has industrial activities with high energy
consumption, mainly in Europe (synthetic soda ash plants,
polyamides), it also operates a range of industrial activities whose
energy content is relatively low as a percentage of sales price,
particularly in the fluorinated polymers business. The Group
considers secure and reliable energy supplies to be particularly
important and has taken the following strategic initiatives:

technological leadership in processes and high-performance
industrial operations to minimize energy consumption;

diversification and flexible use of the different types and
sources of primary energy;

upstream integration in steam and electricity generation (gas
cogeneration, biomass or secondary fuels cogeneration, etc.);

periodic review of the condition of industrial sites’ energy
assets and connections;

a strategy of supply coverage with long-term partnerships and
medium- to long-term contracts, with price-hedging protection
mechanisms when needed;

direct access to energy markets when possible (gas hubs,
electrical grids, financial spot and futures exchanges);

regular forecast reports on energy and raw material price
trends sent to business to anticipate sales prices realignments.

Solvay Energy Services optimizes energy purchasing and
consumption for the Group and helps GBUs manage energy and
CO2 emissions.

Project selection and management

Description

The allocation of resources to projects (capital expendidure
(capex), mergers and acquisitions) could be misaligned with
Solvay's growth strategy, leading to an inefficient use of Group
financial resources and resulting in poor cash conversion. Also, a
major project could experience difficulties and so fail to reach its
objectives.

Prevention and mitigation

To increase the likelihood that project objectives are met, the
Group has set up processes to manage both capital investments
and acquisitions, including risk identification, assessment, and
mitigation steps.

* The model of governance for major/medium-sized capex
projects is designed to ensure that only the most effective
capital projects are authorized and executed in the best
possible way.

+ The Investment Committee provides the Comex an analytical
view of the capex allocation efficiency for the Group and the
capex plan, consistent with the Roadmaps and Business
Strategy Reviews of the GBUs.

* A performance analysis after implementation is conducted to
assess the Capex efficiency. The lessons learned are used to
continuously improve how the Group approaches the
challenges inherent in the marketing, financial and industrial
aspects of investment projects.

The methodology used to tackle major capital projects has been
extended to the GBUs: they can apply it for their medium-sized
projects.

The Group has progressively deployed a Capex Excellence
methodology for project portfolio optimization on smaller
projects.

The combination of these actions has led to much better control

over EBITDA conversion into cash and a conversion level
comparable to similar companies in the Industry.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Reon
6


--- Page 9 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Regulatory, political and legal risk

Description

Regulatory risk

+ Regulatory risk refers to Solvay’s exposure to changes in
legislation and regulations. Solvay could be exposed to
significant cost increases or business interruptions as a
consequence of new legislation or regulations, or a more strict
interpretation or application of current regulations by courts or
authorities

+ Solvay must obtain and maintain regulatory approval to
operate its production facilities and sell its products.
Withdrawal of any previously granted approval or failure to
obtain an authorization may have an adverse effect on its
business continuity and operating results.

+ For Europe in particular, all chemical substances
manufactured, imported, or used by Solvay require registration
under the REACH Regulation and must meet the deadlines
imposed by this regulation. This is in addition to other, already
existing requirements. 451 dossiers were successfully
registered with the European Chemical Agency between 2010
and May 31,2013. Around 332 substances have to be
registered before the next REACH registration deadline of
May 31, 2018. With respect to these, the registration schedule
is on track as of the end of 2016. 123 dossiers had already
been registered as of December 1, 2016.

Political risk

Political risk refers to Solvay’s exposure to circumstances where
the normal exercise of public authority is disrupted. This could
be the consequence of a social crisis, political instability, civil
war, nationalization, or terrorism in countries where the Group
operates or sells products, resulting in delays or failure to deliver
products, or an unavailability of raw materials or utilities, or
logistical or transport facilities.

Legal risk
+ Legal risk refers to the exposure to actual and potential judicial
and administrative proceedings.

+ The simple fact of doing business exposes Solvay to disputes
and litigation, and adverse outcomes are always possible (see
the Important Litigation section below).

owe + 2016 Annual Integrated Report

* The Group may become a party to judicial or administrative
proceedings in the conduct of its normal course of business,
particularly in the areas of product liability, contractual
obligations, antitrust laws, patent infringement, tax
assessments, and environmental matters (see the Important
Litigation section below).

+ The Group's operations depend on the control of its key
technologies and on the capacity to innovate. Legal challenges
to the right of Solvay to use certain technologies could have an
impact on its operations.

Prevention and mitigation
* The Group's geographic spread around the world helps reduce
the impact of adverse regulatory and political developments.

Properly designing and testing products and their production
processes helps contain regulatory and legal risks, as does
making sure that applications for necessary approvals are
timely and thorough.

Regulatory and political risk both within and outside the
European Union is reduced through the continuous work of
Solvay's Government and Public Affairs department, which
works with public authorities and through the local Belgian
Embassy.

+ To manage its legal risk, Solvay maintains in-house legal and
intellectual property professionals, as well as regulatory
resources and tools. It also retains external professional
resources when appropriate.

Financial provisions are made based on Solvay’s awareness of
legal risks. Awareness is raised by dedicated training, sharing of
information, self-assessment procedures, and internal audits.

+ Trade secrets and patents protect Solvay's technological know-
how on new products and processes, and continuous efforts
are made to protect its proprietary information and its position
as a leader in technological know-how for its production
processes.

* With respect to political risks, Solvay’s actions include risk-
sharing with local or institutional partners, as well as
monitoring of political developments in sensitive areas.

All risks that could trigger an eventual exposure (irrespective of
probability of outcomes) are monitored centrally and are shared
with Comex and with the Audit committee every quarter,
whereby developments in the intervening period are considered
and suitability of financial provisions considered.


--- Page 10 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Financial risk

Description

Below is a list of Solvay’s financial risks and how they apply to the
Company:

« Liquidity risk (see note F32 Financial instruments and financial
risk management to the consolidated financial statements)

- To repay and refinance financial debt on time

- To fund its business operations and generate cash from
operations

- To extract cash from divestments and not over-pay
acquisitions

- To preserve the Group “Investment grade" rating.

+ Foreign exchange risk (see note F32 Financial instruments and
financial risk management to the consolidated financial
statements)
~ The Group's largest forex exposure is to the euro and US
dollar

- The Group's overall activities generate an important net
positive US dollar flow; thus, a depreciation of the US dollar
will generally result in lower revenues and lower profit.

~ Furthermore, and to a significantly lesser extent, the Group
is also exposed to the euro/Japanese yen, euro/Chinese
yuan and Brazilian real/US dollar rates

« Interest-rate risk (see note F32 Financial instruments and
financial risk managementto the consolidated financial
statements)

- Exposure to fluctuating interest rates

* Counterparty risk (see note F32 Financial instruments and
financial risk managementto the consolidated financial
statements)

~ Exposure to financial intermediates through its treasury
activities and through the Group's commercial relationships

Pension obligation risk (see note F32 Financial instruments
and financial risk managementto the consolidated financial
statements):

- Exposure to a number of defined benefit plans subject to
fluctuations in discount rates, expected inflation rates and
social security coverage and expected longevity, as well as
asset/liability matching, all of which may result in a major
impact on the Group's net pension liability

- Exposure of under-funded plans to interest rate and
inflation risks

Tax litigation risk (see note F32 Financial instruments and
financial risk managementto the consolidated financial
statements)

- Exposure to increasing tax audit queries and the
introduction of changing tax regulations.

Prevention and mitigation
Financial risks are analyzed, assessed, and managed by the
Corporate Finance function broadly, and more specifically, by the
Treasury, Group Accounting & Reporting, and Tax departments.
Loss prevention and mitigation efforts guide the Group's financial
policies and their strict monitoring:

A prudent financial profile, conservative financial
discipline and strong liquidity reserves

A prudent financial profile and conservative financial
discipline:

» After the acquisition of Cytec in December 2015, the two
leading rating agencies confirmed the Group's Investment
Grade status, with a Baa2/P2 rating (negative outlook) by
Moody's and a BBB-/A3 rating (stable outlook) by Standard &
Poor's.

Strong liquidity reserves:

* As of the end of 2016, the Group has € 1.1 billion in cash
and equivalents (namely, other current financial instruments),
as well as €2.4billion in liquidity reserves composed of
committed credit facilities (two syndicated credit facilities of
€ 1.5 billion and € 550 million, respectively), and an additional
€ 350 million from bilateral facilities with key international
banking partners.

* The Group has access to a Belgian Treasury Bill program for
€1 billion, and alternatively, to a US commercial paper
program for US$500 million

Investment grade rating:

* The Group aims at preserving its investment grade rating and
in that context maintains a prudent financial profile. Moreover,
the Group's portfolio management and investment decisions,
as well as cash flow generation objectives, take explicit account
of their impact on the Group's credit metrics. Solvay has also
developed a comprehensive financial methodology, and is
advised by independent experts, making it possible to
understand and anticipate impacts on credit worthiness
derived from prospective financial and business
developments

* Solvay promotes transparent and regular discussions with
leading rating agencies.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Reon
67


--- Page 11 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Geographic diversification and foreign exchange hedging
policy

Geographic diversification of the manufacturing footprint
and sales naturally mitigates foreign exchange risk, as income
streams are matched with expenses in the same currency.

Currency hedging policy

Solvay monitors the foreign exchange market closely and takes
hedging measures, principally for terms shorter than one year
and generally not exceeding 18 months, whenever deemed
appropriate.

+ To hedge forex exchange exposure, Solvay uses forward and
option contracts designed to secure the value of future cash
flows in foreign currency.

+ The Group manages its foreign exchange risk for receivables,
payables and borrowings centrally for all affiliates of the Group
where it is possible to enter into such transactions, and
through local financial affiliates for other regions.

Interest rate hedging policy

The Group locks the majority of its net indebtedness with fixed
interest rates. Solvay monitors the interest rate market closely
and enters into interest rate swaps whenever they are deemed
appropriate.

Monitoring of Group counterparties’ ratings

For its treasury activities, Solvay works with banking
institutions of the highest creditworthiness (selection based on
major rating systems) and minimizes the concentration of risk
by limiting its exposure to each of these banks to a certain
threshold, set in relation to the institution’s credit rating. In
addition, Solvay may invest money with highly-rated money
market funds, as well as in short-term debt securities from highly-
rated sovereign issuers when appropriate.

For its commercial activities, Solvay’s external customer risk
and cash collection are monitored by a strong network of credit
managers and cash collectors located in the Group's various
operating regions and countries. Their controls are supported by
a set of detailed procedures and managed through Corporate
and GBU Credit Committees. These loss mitigation measures
have led, over the past few years, to a record low rate of customer
defaults.

Pension governance and pension plan optimization

Pension governance: Solvay has set guidelines to maximize
its influence over local pension fund decisions within the limits
provided by domestic laws, including investment and funding,

Som + 2016 Annual Integrated Report

selection of advisors, appointment of employer-nominated
trustees to local pension fund boards, and other cost
management actions.

Pension plan optimization: This consists primarily of reducing
the Group's exposure to defined benefit plans by either
converting existing plans into pension plans with a lower risk
profile for future services or closing them to new entrants.
Examples of such lower risk plans include hybrid plans that
combine cash balance plans and defined contribution plans.

A global ALM (Asset Liability Management) analysis of the Group's
pension plans, representing about 90% of the Group's gross or
net pension obligations, is performed on a triennial basis, in
order to identify and manage corresponding risks on a global
basis. Solvay conducted an ALM study in 2016.

Control processes for tax regulation compliance and
transfer pricing policies

Control processes for tax regulation compliance include
monitoring procedures and systems, thorough internal reviews,
and audits performed by reputable external consultants. Efforts
to prevent tax litigation risk include thorough analyses of the
internal financing of affiliates, mergers, acquisitions, and
divestments, or proposed changes in the business organization
and operations. The Group seeks the assistance of external
experts or law firms when the amounts at stake warrant it.

Transfer pricing policies, procedures and controls are
aimed at meeting the requirements of the authorities. Transfer
pricing documentation is prepared annually for each relevant
Group legal entity that requires such documentation, in line with
local national laws and practices. This is done with the assistance
of internal or external experts to demonstrate the arm's length
nature of cross-company pricing. The Internal Audit department
regularly verifies the existence and timeliness of the
documentation. Internal transfer pricing specialists assist the
business in setting intra-Group prices that comply with the
transfer pricing policy.

Moreover, Solvay’s Tax department pays close attention to the
correct interpretation and application of new tax rules to avoid
future litigation. In this regard, among other things it implements
the G20/OECD base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS)
recommendations at the country level in order to ensure that tax
positions remain consistent with changing requirements.


--- Page 12 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Occupational diseases and pandemic risk
Description

Occupational diseases are work-related diseases recognized as
resulting from exposure to occupational hazards, generally
repeated exposure. In most cases, health effects appear after a
long period of latency, e.g. asbestos-related diseases or cancers

Pandemic risk can affect employees, their families, and society at
large.

Prevention and mitigation

* Conservative approaches to risk identification, assessment and
management help avoid a real risk of exposure, including when
new hazards are revealed.

+ Solvay monitors occupational disease standards worldwide
and a strong industrial hygiene program focused on
comprehensive assessments of compliance with occupational
hygiene standards.

* Conservative exposure limits are defined and shared by
Solvay's worldwide toxicology team, supported by the internal
"Solvay Acceptable Exposure Limit" Committee, which
establishes Solvay Acceptable Exposure Limits (SAELs) for
substances with no official occupational exposure limit (OEL)
or an OEL considered insufficiently protective. High priority is
given to nano-materials and technology, endocrine disruptors,
SVHCs (Substances of Very High Concern) and health-related
applications of Solvay products.

All Solvay industrial sites and major administrative sites are
required to ensure periodic medical monitoring of workers
based on individual risk profiles and on Group
recommendations, thereby helping to prevent the onset of
occupational diseases and any other adverse health effects
due to work.

Internal industrial hygiene and occupational health IT tools are
integrated at site level. With these tools, local teams benefit
from easy and efficient management of - and access to -
comprehensive hygiene assessments and medical surveillance
data on their personnel. These tools help to identify and
anticipate the occurrence of potential new occupational
disease cases, improve the traceability of individual and
collective exposure and medical data, and facilitate the daily
work of Solvay physicians and hygienists.

A global pandemic preparedness plan covering all plants and
businesses, supported by a network of coordinators, has been
developed. This plan can be reactivated to initiate a regional or
local response.

Environmental risk

Description

* Managing or remediating historical soil contamination at a
number of sites and complying with future changes in
environmental legislation are top priorities.

* There is a global trend of legislation introducing an increasingly
broader scope of environmental legal liabilities. However, in
Europe, the legislation is reinterpreted in a pragmatic way
using site-specific risk-based analyses to define intervention
value and remedial objectives.

Prevention and mitigation

* ISO 14001 or integrated HSE management systems equivalent
to ISO 14001 (Solvay Care Management System) for the
environment are implemented in all manufacturing sites

Policies and risk control programs are applied in all production
units and other facilities, and are implemented progressively in
newly acquired plants. The Group takes the necessary steps to
meet and even exceed regulatory standards concerning major
risks, which includes detailed accident prevention measures.

* Sites facing historical soil contamination are carefully
monitored and managed. A dedicated worldwide team is
regularly trained and undertakes regular updates of
appropriate provisions for monitoring and remediation
according to a defined audit process.

* AS a matter of policy, all concerned sites employ a risk
characterization approach. It contains a diagnosis of potential
problems based on hydrogeological studies and soil
characterizations, an evaluation of the risks to aquifers, and
the implementation of relevant remediation or confinement
actions with authorities.

Local regulatory monitoring is performed at all Solvay sites.
Corrective actions are implemented whenever necessary, in
close cooperation with environmental authorities.

Solvay takes out insurance to reduce the financial impact of an
environmental risk materializing. Solvay monitors the effects of
climate change, as related risks and opportunities may affect
the Group's business objectives. The risk is hedged to an
extent through the geographic spread of both production
units and markets for its products.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Report”
6


--- Page 13 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

IT risk

Description

For Solvay, information and information service-related risks refer
to the inability to ensure continuity of services or provide
information services adapted to the business needs.

Prevention and mitigation

+ The Group uses a dedicated data network and regional
internet gateways that are managed by a trusted service
provider. The critical data and applications are hosted in a
data center operating in accordance with professional good
practices, ensuring recovery capabilities in the event of an
incident.

+ In 2016, disaster recovery and crisis management tests were
carried out for the data center as well as the main service
centers and regional offices of Solvay’s Business Services (SBS),
involving various crisis scenarios.

+ IT general controls are applied to critical information systems
and are audited for compliance both internally and externally.
Solvay has developed an annual IT audit program to ensure
compliance with information systems security policies.

>\owev + 2016 Annual Integrated Report

IMPORTANT LITIGATION

With its variety of activities and its geographic reach, the Solvay
Group is exposed to legal risks, particularly in the areas of
product liability, contractual relations, antitrust laws, patent
disputes, tax assessments, and HSE matters. In this context,
litigation cannot be avoided and is sometimes necessary so as to
defend the rights and interests of the Group.

The outcome of proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty.
It is therefore possible that adverse final court decisions or
arbitration awards could lead to liabilities (and expenses) that are
not covered or not fully covered by provisions or insurance, and
that could have a material impact on the revenues and earnings
of the Group.

Ongoing legal proceedings involving the Solvay Group that are
currently considered to involve significant risks are outlined
below. The legal proceedings described below do not constitute
an exhaustive list.

The fact that litigation proceedings are reported below is
unrelated to the merits of the cases. In all the cases cited below,
Solvay is defending itself vigorously and believes in the merits of
its defenses.

For certain cases, Solvay has created reserves/provisions in
accordance with the accounting rules to cover financial risk and
defense costs (see note 35D, “Provisions for litigation to the
consolidated financial statements” of the present document).


--- Page 14 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

Antitrust proceedings

In 2006, the European Commission imposed fines against Solvay
(including Ausimont SpA, acquired by Solvay in 2002) for alleged
breaches of competition rules in the peroxygens market,
amounting after appeal to €139.5 million for Solvay SA and
€12.8 million for Solvay Specialty Polymers Italy SpA. Joint civil
lawsuits were filed before the Court of Dortmund (Germany) in
2009 against Solvay and other manufacturers based on the
alleged antitrust violation, claiming damages from the
manufacturers on a joint and several basis. The value of the
claims is approximately € 240 million (excluding interest) against
all six defendants. Several questions on the jurisdiction of the
Court of Dortmund have been submitted to the European Court
of Justice, and proceedings before the Court of Dortmund are
pending.

In Brazil, Solvay is facing administrative claims related to alleged
cartel activities in various markets. CADE (the Brazilian antitrust
authority) issued fines against Solvay and others in May 2012
relating to H202 activity and in February 2016 related to
perborate activity (Solvay's shares of these fines amount to
€ 29.6 million and € 3.99 million respectively). Solvay has filed a
claim contesting these administrative fines before the Brazilian
Federal Court.

HSE-related proceedings

In October 2009, the public prosecutor of the Criminal Court
of Alessandria (Italy) charged several individuals (including
employees and former employees of Solvay and Ausimont SpA,
now Solvay Specialty Polymers Italy) in relation to alleged criminal
violations of environmental laws (a failure to remediate) and
public health legislation (intentional poisoning of potable waters).
Solvay Specialty Polymers Italy - SSPI (formerly Solvay Solexis and
Ausimont), a subsidiary of Solvay and legal successor to Ausimont
SpA, named in the trial as the civilly liable party together with
Edison SpA, may be exposed to claims for civil liability in the
event of a negative outcome of the proceedings. The civil parties
admitted to the trial have provisionally quantified their civil
damages claims at about € 105 million. In December 2015 the
Assize Court of Alessandria sentenced three SSPI managers to
jail for 2.5 years and awarded civil damages of about € 400k. This
judgment, which is not enforceable as it is not final, was appealed
by all the parties and is currently pending before the Criminal
Assize Court of Appeal of Turin.

In May 2008, the public prosecutors of the Criminal Court of
Pescara (Italy) charged several individuals in relation to alleged
criminal violation of environmental laws (environmental disaster)
and to alleged crimes against public health (intentional poisoning
of potable waters) that had taken place before 2002 (i.e. before
Ausimont SpA’s acquisition by Solvay). These individuals included
former employees of Ausimont SpA, acquired by Solvay in 2002;
no Solvay employee was charged, and Solvay SA and Solvay
Specialty Polymers Italy were admitted to the trial as civil parties.
The Assize Court of Chieti dismissed the intentional poisoning
charge and found the former Ausimont employees guilty of
culpable environmental pollution, but declared that this matter
was time-barred. The public prosecutors and the civil parties
lodged an appeal against this decision and the case is currently
pending before the Criminal Assize Court of Appeal of L'Aquila.

As of the end of 2016, 17 civil proceedings had been brought
before the Civil Court of Livorno by past workers and relatives
of deceased workers at the Rosignano Site seeking damages
(provisionally quantified at €9 million) in relation to diseases
allegedly caused by exposure to asbestos. The defendants in
these civil proceedings are Solvay SA and Solvay Chimica Italia
SpA, respectively the owner and manager of the Rosignano site

Pharmaceutical activities (discontinued)

In the context of the sale of the pharmaceutical activities in
February 2010, the contractual arrangements have defined
terms and conditions for the allocation and sharing of liability
arising out of the activities before the sale.

Subject to limited exceptions, Solvay's exposure for
indemnifications to Abbott for liabilities arising out of sold
activities is limited to an aggregate amount representing
€ 500 million and is limited in duration.

This includes indemnification against certain potential liabilities
for the US hormone replacement therapy (HRT) litigation, re-
activated Qui Tam litigation focusing on promotional and
marketing practices that allegedly influenced sales of the drugs
ACEON®, LUVOX®, and ANDROGEL®, and more recently filed
testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) litigation also focusing
on the drug ANDROGEL®. These claims are proceeding at varying
rates of resolution.

SOLVAY - 2016 Annual Integrated Repo 4°
n
