

--- Page 1 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Key figures

Key figures

1.1. Key income statement and balance sheet items

(in millions of euros) 2015

Revenue 3,741.3 3,584.4
EBITDA 344.0 303.5
Operating profit on business activity 301.1 245.5

As % of revenue 8.0% 6.8%
Profit from recurring operations 267.8 225.0

As % of revenue 7.2% 6.3%
Operating profit 240.2 152.6

As % of revenue 6.4% 4.3%
Net profit attributable to the Group 150.4 84.4

As % of revenue 4.0% 2.4%
Total assets 3,884.9 3,821.3
Total non-current assets 2,251.3 2,302.1
Equity attributable to the Group 1,070.6 1,194.4
Minority interests 32.5 38.7
Number of shares at 31 December 20,531,795 20,446,723
Basic earnings per share (in euros) \") 7.50 4.27
Fully diluted earnings per share (in euros) ”) 7.49 4.26
Net dividend per share (in euros) DE) 1.70
Total workforce at 31 December 39,813 38,450

(1) Net profit attributable to the Group divided by the average number of shares during the year excluding treasury shares.

(2) Net profit attributable to the Group divided by the average number of shares during the year excluding treasury shares, taking into account the dilutive effect of instruments
convertible into ordinary shares.

(3) Dividend to be proposed at the General Meeting of 13 June 2017.

1.2. Breakdown of revenue by reporting unit

(as %) 2015

France 41% 38%
United Kingdom 25% 29%
Other Europe 19% 19%
Sopra Banking Software 9% 8%
Other Solutions 6% 6%
TOTAL 100% 100%

14 Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 2 ---

1.3. Revenue by vertical market

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

History of Sopra Steria Group

Banking 22% 21%
Insurance 5% 5%
Public sector 23% 25%
Aerospace, Defence, Homeland Security 19% 16%
Energy, Utilities 8% 8%
Telecoms, Media and Games 6% 6%
Transport 6% 5%
Retail 2% 3%
Other 10% 11%
TOTAL 100% 100%

A PERFORMANCE-ENHANCING CORPORATE PLAN

Sopra Steria has reinforced its position as a European leader in
digital transformation. Its shares are listed in the SBF 120 index
and, in 2016, the Group posted €3.7 billion in revenue and
employed almost 40,000 people in over 20 countries.

Sopra Steria was born from the merger in 2014 of two of France's
oldest digital services companies, Sopra and Steria, founded
respectively in 1968 and 1969 and both characterised by a strong
entrepreneurial spirit as well as a firm collective commitment to
serving their clients.

1968 — 1985

Meeting the needs of an increasingly digital society

The emerging IT services industry is in step with the demands of an
increasingly modern society. Sopra and Steria set ambitious growth
targets to achieve critical mass as quickly as possible, and to meet
the needs of major clients with innovative products and services.

Sopra invests in software development and opens up new vertical
markets. Meanwhile, Steria signs a series of major contracts from
the public sector.

History of Sopra Steria Group

1985 — 2000

An era of rebuilding

After two decades of strong momentum, the IT services market
enters a maturity phase and faces its first tests. In 1985, Sopra
rethinks its fundamentals. A model combining two complementary
businesses emerges, and the company focuses on systems
integration and software development. The Group places financial
performance at the heart of its strategy to ensure its long-term
independence and prepare for its initial public offering, which takes
place in 1990.

Steria also reorganises its functional structure. By rationalising and
industrialising processes, it gets back on track winning major deals.
Everything is ready for the company to plan its initial public offering
in 1999.

2000 — 2014

Contributing to clients’ digital transformation

In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts, accelerating market changes.
Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in
transforming their businesses.

Steria responds to these challenges by making major, structural
acquisitions. The Group doubles in size by integrating Bull’s
European businesses in 2001, and boosts its consulting offering
with the acquisition of German firm Mummert Consulting in
2005. Xansa, a British group specialising in BPO (Business Process
Outsourcing), joins the Steria fold in 2007. In 2013, Steria signs
one of the biggest contracts in its history with the UK government,
strengthening its foothold in the public sector.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

15


--- Page 3 ---

16

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Sopra Steria’s activities

Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its
European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems
integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed
by bringing together the Group’s software infrastructure divisions,
is floated in 2011 to let it pursue its growth independently and set
out to conquer the US market. Sopra is recognised for its expertise
in financial services, leading to the creation of Sopra Banking
Software in 2012. In 2014, dedicated human resources solutions
are brought together in a single subsidiary, Sopra HR Software.

2014 - 2017

A new dimension and stepping up performance

Due to the changes resulting from digital transformation, business-
related issues are becoming increasingly significant within the
digital services market. In this context, a friendly tie-up between
Sopra and Steria makes perfect sense, and on 31 December 2014,
a new European leader in digital transformation is created: Sopra
Steria. The two groups perfectly complement each other in terms
of business activities, strategic vertical markets and geographic
segments, and their business cultures are closely aligned

In the first few months of 2015, the integration plan jointly
designed by Sopra and Steria teams is successfully rolled out in the
operational and functional departments of the new Group. At the
same time, the Sopra Steria 2020 Project is launched in order
to improve performance in all areas and increase added value

Sopra Steria’s activities

3.1. A European leader in digital
transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation, has one of
the most extensive portfolios of offerings available on the market,
spanning consulting and systems integration, the development
of industry- and technology-specific solutions, infrastructure
management, cybersecurity and business process services (BPS).

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow throughout their transformation,
from strategic analysis, programme guidance and implementation,
and the conversion and operation of IT infrastructures, to designing
and implementing solutions and outsourcing business processes.

Combining added value, innovative solutions and high-performance
services, Sopra Steria’s hybrid model capitalises on its substantial
experience. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients,
the Group is able to continually innovate to guarantee that its
offerings remain relevant to the strategic challenges of each of its
vertical markets.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

By capitalising on an end-to-end offering delivered to major clients
using a vertical approach, the project supports initiatives within
the area of digital technology and puts the emphasis on advisory
services and the development of software solutions, by means of
organic growth and acquisitions. In 2016, the Group launches New
Way, a three-year programme aiming to unite all employees around
a single culture and shared fundamental values. The We Share
employee shareholding plan makes employees even more involved
in the Group’s expansion. With around 8% of share capital held
by its employees, Sopra Steria is France’s leading digital services
company in terms of employee shareholders.

To support the Sopra Steria 2020 Project, strategic investments
continue in services, consulting and the development of
business-specific solutions. The acquisition of CIMPA in October
2015 boosts the Group’s presence in the PLM (product lifecycle
management) market. Finalised in January 2017, the merger
with software publisher Cassiopae strengthens Sopra Banking
Software's position in managing specialised financing

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions to address the core
business needs of large companies and organisations, helping them
remain competitive and grow. Combining expert business knowledge
and added value with innovative high-performance services, the
company excels in guiding its clients through transformation
projects to help them make the most of digital technology.

Sopra Steria is an independent group whose founders and
managers control 22.7% of its share capital and 32.9% of its
theoretical voting rights. With almost 40,000 employees in over
20 countries, it pursues a strategy based on European key accounts.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway
Software, whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play
an important role in renovating information systems and opening
them up to digital technology.

3.1.1. CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION

a. Consulting

Sopra Steria Consulting, the Group's consulting brand, is one of the
major players in the consulting sector. Sopra Steria Consulting has
over 40 years’ experience in business and technological consultancy
for large companies and public bodies, with 2,000 consultants in
France and Europe. Its aim is to accelerate the development and
competitiveness of its clients by supporting them in their digital
transformation. This support mainly involves understanding clients’


--- Page 4 ---

business issues using substantial sector-specific expertise, and then
working to design transformation roadmaps (business processes,
IT architecture, change management, etc.) enabling them to make
the most of new digital technologies.

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system lifecycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address
the full range of its clients’ software asset needs:

Digital transformation

For Sopra Steria, helping its clients to succeed in their digital
transformation means turning their strategic and business
challenges into digital initiatives by means of an exclusive end-
to-end offering. Whether this takes a vertical approach (from the
ideation of a need through to execution) or a horizontal approach
(driven by data continuity), Sopra Steria’s approach enables it to
offer multi-disciplinary teams trained in both new microservices
platform management skills, in terms of DevOps and in-cloud
development (hard skills), and new ways of designing, delivering
and embedding teams (soft skills) that can address the two key
elements of successful digital transformation: speed of execution
(or delivery in “fast IT” mode), and openness to external ecosystems.

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients implement agile and
industrial-scale projects. The Group undertakes to design and
deliver systems in line with business requirements that are flexible
and scalable, so that they can be adapted to the new requirements
of digital transformation while guaranteeing compliance with
sector-specific regulatory constraints. This is made possible by
working closely with the Sopra Steria Consulting teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance, Sopra
Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to guarantee
optimised operational efficiency for its clients, suited to changes
in their business. The transformation approach includes a
well- equipped and documented procedure making it possible to
combine the issues involved in reducing the time to market, and
improving competitiveness and continuity of service.

Data and value of use

Once they have been integrated, the systems and technologies
implemented give access to reliable, relevant and critical data,
offering better analysis of user satisfaction and optimisation of
service performance.

With the increasing number of diverse data sources relating to
fundamental chances in use, data is a more valuable factor for the
company than ever. To increase the value of these data, Sopra Steria
has developed specific know-how and expertise to deal with the
exponential growth in data volumes relating to new technologies
and associated skills (data science, smart machines, automation,

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

artificial intelligence), secure the data regardless of their origin
(mobile devices, smart objects, data privacy, the Cloud, multi-modal
and multi-channel systems etc.) and use the data in the most
relevant way by means of contextualised algorithms.

The Group's systems integration offering thus meets the challenges
posed by both the obsolescence and modernisation of information
systems, ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

3.1.2. IT INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

Sopra Steria operates all or part of an IT infrastructure by delivering
services such as:

= the service desk: technical and business assistance to users or
client help desks;

= supervision of systems and network infrastructures;

= administration and operation of systems and network infrastructures;
= hosting infrastructures in data centres.

Infrastructure transformation is a major driver of this business.

As a result, upstream of the operating phase, the Group takes
responsibility for developing its clients’ practices and processes
based on organisational and technological standards that are
continually optimised, offering services such as:

Infrastructure as a Service (laaS)

Sopra Steria supports its clients in their transformation by
aggregating traditional infrastructure services with cloud services,
in a comprehensive and secure laaS offering.

Cloud service broker offering

Sopra Steria facilitates the integration of cloud services (laaS, PaaS,
SaaS) in the company’s ecosystem, regardless of the sourcing
method (private or public), via three functions:

= aggregating services within a portal based on service catalogues;
= customising services to suit user profiles;

= integrating services in the information system and orchestration.

End-user-centric approach

Sopra Steria offers an end-user-centric approach that enables users
to access any application, any time, anywhere, regardless of the
system used.

3.1.3. CYBERSECURITY

Amid an escalating number of increasingly sophisticated
cyber-threats, decision-makers have to find the right balance
between supporting digital transformation development
opportunities and responding to growing regulatory demands.

As a major player in the Cybersecurity sector, Sopra Steria helps it
clients rise to this challenge by offering a full range of consulting,
solution integration and managed services to meet prevention,

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

17


--- Page 5 ---

18

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Sopra Steria’s activities

protection, detection and reaction needs, with five key areas
of expertise:

= Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC): high value-added
advisory services coupled with GRC solution integration in order
to provide well-equipped security governance focusing on the
management of business risks;

Regulatory compliance: comprehensive help with ensuring
compliance with major security regulations (NIS/LPM, GDPR/
CNIL, sector-specific regulations), based on both legal and
technical expertise;

= Application security: a complete programme for securing
applications, including a Security by Design project approach and
unique code as a service audit capacity;

Data security: an end-to-end and innovative range of data
services: strategy, analysis and classification, protection solutions
(DLP, DRM), supervision and dashboards;

Security Operations Center (SOC) managed services: a
comprehensive and evolving information management solution
able to anticipate, detect, analyse and respond to cyberattacks
as quickly and accurately as possible thanks to artificial
intelligence innovations.

As an operator that is trusted and recognised, in particular by
the French national digital security agency (ANSSI), Sopra Steria
draws on a network of 700 experts around the world (300 of
them in France) and next-generation cybersecurity centres in
Europe and Singapore to protect information assets and guarantee
service continuity for governments, vitally important operators and
sensitive large corporates.

3.1.4. INDUSTRY-SPECIFIC SOLUTIONS

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: Banking, Human Resources and Property
Management. The Group adapts and deploys its application
solutions to offer its clients high-performance enterprise software
packages, in line with the development of their company and the
latest information technology, know-how and expertise.

Banking

Sopra Banking Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra
Steria) produces software solutions for a wide range of banking
operations, enabling financial institutions to improve their
responsiveness, agility and more generally their productivity. In
addition to its software offering, Sopra Banking Software offers
deployment, support and training services. In 2016, the subsidiary
—with over 800 clients in over 75 countries — showed itself to be a
recognised market leader in the world of retail banking, as well as
in asset finance, following the acquisition of Cassiopae.

Solutions: Sopra Banking Software’s offerings are suitable for
retail (direct or branch-based) banks, as well as for private banks.
These services also cover more specific needs such as Islamic
banking, microfinance and the implementation of ‘factory’-style
globalised solutions (such as payment and credit solutions). Sopra

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

Banking Suite meets general needs by offering integrated systems,
but also more specific vertical market needs such as loan services,
payment transactions, management of bank cards and accounts,
banking distribution, cash management and regulatory compliance
via a wide range of business components which may be linked
together. It should be noted that it is also possible to implement
these solutions one component at a time, allowing a gradual step
by step approach

With a view to achieving broad coverage in terms of both size of
banks and geography, Sopra Banking Suite relies on its two flagship
solutions: Amplitude, an integrated solution designed to provide
a very broad business offering in emerging markets and among
mid-sized banks thanks to its modularity, flexibility and openness,
and Platform, designed to provide a comprehensive, innovative and
robust solution in mature markets through a blend of components
based on a service-oriented architecture.

Services: Sopra Banking Software, a comprehensive service
provider, offers a number of services linked to its solution
offering. From consulting to analysis, planning, training of teams,
implementation and maintenance, Sopra Banking Software
supports clients throughout their project.

As well as operating its own solutions, Sopra Banking Software also
offers SaaS solutions, notably for direct banks and for regulatory
reporting purposes.

Human Resources

Sopra Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Sopra Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10 countries,
providing comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs
of human resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently
has a workforce of 1,300 people and manages over 12 million
employees for 850 clients.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation
of companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions: The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most
innovative business practices and cover a wide range of functions,
including Core HR, Payroll, Time and Activity, Talent Management,
HR Space, and Analytics. The offering is based on two product
lines (Pléiades and HR Access) aimed at large and medium-sized
organisations in the public or private domain, regardless of their
business sector, organisational complexity or location.

Services: Sopra HR Software, a comprehensive service provider,
offers a number of services linked to its solution offering. Sopra
HR Software supports its clients throughout their projects, from
consulting through to implementation, including staff training,
maintenance and business process services.

Sopra HR Software operates its own solutions in on-premises
or outsourced mode, as well as offering a wide range of
managed services.


--- Page 6 ---

Property Management

Sopra Steria provides property management solutions for all
segments of the social and private property markets. Those
solutions’ coverage of different operational needs ensures optimised
management for companies in these markets according to the
type of property managed: offices, housing, shopping centres,
warehouses, etc.

Companies’ new strategies require them to change how they are
organised in order to simplify, facilitate and increase the efficiency
of business teams. The aim is to develop business activities by
increasing client satisfaction and profitability.

This Sopra Steria Group vision also applies to property management,
an area in which information systems are no longer focused on
applications but on the real estate asset instead. This innovative
approach has changed digital architectures, which need to
streamline, share and improve management of information and
processes by breaking down the barriers between business lines in
the property sector.

The Property Management Information System combines all digital
services around a single data repository for the building, the
occupant and for the management of real estate assets.

A range of solutions offers clients business functions, from project
management to facility management, based on a state-of-the-art
property management platform. From a digital standpoint, mobile
applications, extranets and collaborative platforms are integrated in
these solutions. Data are crucial for companies, and are enhanced
since they are based on business processes. The cross-disciplinary
nature of these processes leads to an improvement in productivity
thanks to the constant connection between users of the information
system. Decisions are backed up and made more secure by
integrated and customisable analyses.

Sopra Steria Property Solutions offers support solutions suited to
each client. Customisation through training and data quality are
key themes of these services. Its consultants provide know-how and
knowledge throughout the life of the information system.

Property Solutions are offered to clients as a service, leaving them
free to focus on their core business.

3.1.5. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES

Through its business process services offering, Sopra Steria
transforms and operates, for its clients, all or part of a process, a
function or many functions within the company.

The Group has become a leading player in optimising operational
performance, rationalising costs and improving flexibility within
organisations, as well as improving financial control and offering
solutions to outsource processes in many different fields:

= finance and administration (F&A and procurement) functions;

= human resources (staff administration and payroll) functions;

= middle office activities (regulatory compliance, billing, etc.);

(1) Shared Services Connected Limited, a joint venture between Sopra Steria and the UK Cabinet Office.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

= front office services (command control room processes for the
police, the emergency services and call centres for prisons, etc.).

The teams comprise experts specialising in services and continuous
improvement (based on the Lean Six Sigma methodology), applying
workforce organisation, process re-engineering and automation
in areas ranging from consulting to robotics, machine learning
(semantic analysis algorithms) and the design of new operating
models. Thanks to many years’ experience, they create new value
chains, capitalising on practices that achieve the most effective
results at a lower cost for our clients

Sopra Steria is a leader in the business process services market
in Europe. In particular, the Group operates the largest Business
Processes as a Service (BPaaS) platform in Europe for shared services
handling financial and accounting processes (NHS SBS). Moreover,
the Group was the first IT service provider to take over the operation
of part of the business and back-office processes for a police force
in Europe (Cleveland police in the United Kingdom). Winning the
SSCL) contract at the end of 2013 — with the potential to meet
all the British government's front, middle and back office process
requirements — considerably strengthened this position. A further
breakthrough came in 2015 with the signing of an agreement
with the Metropolitan Police Service, the largest police force in the
United Kingdom, for Sopra Steria to create a BPaaS platform for the
police. This platform is intended to serve several police forces in a
similar way to Sopra Steria’s multi-client health platform (NHS SBS).

3.2. Business expertise at the
heart of our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen eight major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence and make up 90% of revenue. The Group
has a comprehensive offering in each of these fields, meeting the
specific challenges of each of its clients.

3.2.1. BANKING

This rapidly evolving sector is undergoing major changes. In
an environment where regulatory requirements are constantly
changing, the digital revolution has led to the emergence of digital
banking and increased the expectations of clients who now have
multiple banking relationships, and whose behaviour has changed
considerably due to technological advancements, particularly in
their relationships with banks.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software provide
comprehensive solutions and turn changes in the banking world
into opportunities for their clients, whether in risk management,
regulatory compliance, data protection, improving the client

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 7 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

20

Sopra Steria’s activities

experience, optimising performance, delivering differentiation or
identifying new sources of income.

3.2.2. INSURANCE

Under pressure from both competitors and regulatory constraints,
together with the acceleration of new usage patterns and changes in
the behaviour of policyholders, it is clear that insurance companies,
mutual insurance companies and social welfare organisations must
complete the revolution that has begun in this sector. Four major
challenges must be met: control costs, improve the satisfaction of
policyholders, comply with new regulations and preserve the levers
of growth, all within a very short time to market.

In this market, Sopra Steria offers its clients operational efficiency and
a competitive advantage, through services such as: industrialisation
and aligning of business processes and information systems,
enhanced value of client experience, acceleration of paperless
processes and digital transformation, leveraging of data and
information assets and the use of smart devices for prevention, big
data for combating fraud and artificial intelligence for smart care.

Like other parts of the financial services sector, the insurance sector
is under pressure due to competition and subject to increasingly
strict regulations. As in other areas, policyholders expect to interact
with providers via various channels, and providers are attempting
to develop client-centred processes in order to optimise the
client experience. In a period characterised by low interest rates,
the challenges faced by insurance companies and social welfare
providers are compliance with regulatory requirements, reducing
costs while optimising efficiency, providing a differentiated and
harmonious client experience, and increasing their market share by
providing products that meet clients’ needs.

Sopra Steria offers products and services that help its clients to
meet these challenges. We provide software packages that help
organisations to comply with regulatory requirements, and our
expertise in big data and data analysis enables clients to better
understand their own customers’ behaviour. Sopra Steria also
has experience and capabilities in optimising and transforming
legacy applications, resulting in a reduction in costs and optimised
efficiency for our clients. Our digital transformation expertise
enables us to work with our clients to develop a multi-channel
engagement with policyholders.

3.2.3. PUBLIC SECTOR

Faced with new expectations from citizens and companies, the
need to optimise expenses, and the obligation to keep up with
regulatory changes, governments continue to implement a huge
programme of public sector transformation to transform their
activities, organisation and user service offering

In a context in which the ability of digital technology to speed
up the rate of transformation is becoming increasingly clear,
Sopra Steria has developed, firstly, solutions centred around
digitisation of government services, process re-engineering and,

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

more generally, modernisation of business-specific information
systems, and secondly, solutions for pooling the support functions
of central government, local authorities and key providers in the
health and welfare sectors

As a result, public sector organisations can ensure that they
meet their targets and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving
their information system the agility it requires to cope with the
challenges they face.

3.2.4. AEROSPACE, DEFENCE
AND HOMELAND SECURITY

a. Defence

In a tense geopolitical context, marked by the rise of new threats

to states (cybercrime, terrorism, etc.), defence departments must

improve their effectiveness while taking into account budgetary

constraints. It has become essential to optimise the interoperability

and security of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time

information.

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting government

ministries and departments, Sopra Steria combines pragmatism

and innovation, thanks to powerful technological and process

solutions:

= interoperability and security of military systems;

= efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed forces;

= efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain management);

a reliability of operational and communication information systems;

m access control for sensitive sites, identity management and
biometrics;

= control over costs and the complexity of ensuring compliance for
command and control systems.

b. Homeland security

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges
of homeland security. The Group operates in 24 countries, serving
a wide range of clients: police, emergency services, border control,
census services, justice, customs and homeland security services.
Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning

= management of surveys;

= domestic intelligence;

road safety;

automation of command and control solutions;

management of identity documents, security credentials and civil
and criminal biometrics;

modernisation of civil and criminal systems and management
of prisoners;

intelligent, distributed computer systems;

infrastructure security;

= mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.


--- Page 8 ---

In addition, the Group has developed innovative solutions specific
to the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of
clients in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and
genetic footprint search engines etc.)

c. Aerospace

The aeronautics and space sector is a particularly fertile ground
for innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding reliability,
availability, security and performance, which require suppliers to
have full command of the technologies and processes implemented,
as well as a thorough understanding of their different clients’ core
businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must
align their capacities with the pace of production and optimise
their processes and information systems while also improving
profitability. Digital continuity and the ability to manage the
product lifecycle, from design to manufacture and after-sales
services, are crucial. The acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a specialist
in product lifecycle management, makes total sense in this context.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into play
in such critical areas as industrial efficiency, manufacturing and
particularly the shop floor, supply chain, on-board systems and air
traffic control.

3.2.5. TELECOMS, MEDIA AND GAMES

The telecoms, media and games sector is at the centre of the digital
revolution, and is continually developing to stay abreast of new
digital interactions and the emergence of new technologies and
usage patterns.

Sopra Steria enables its clients to meet the following main
challenges:

= transformation of the telecommunications sector: comprehensive
end-to-end digitisation, from client systems to infrastructure,
network virtualisation, fixed-mobile convergence, reduction of
the time to market, optimisation and digitalisation of customer
relationships;

network management: reduction in infrastructure management
costs, introduction and operation of new technologies such as
SDN/NF or 5G, reduction in delivery times, sharing of operating
and investment expenditures between providers;

u diversification: telecommunications services are the foundation
of the digital economy and in addition to traditional services,
operators can offer new services such as the internet of things,
content distribution and even financial services;

= core media business: use of new technologies, optimisation of
advertising revenue, digitisation of content, improvement in the
creation and broadcasting of television programmes;

= core Games business: management of customer retention and
churn, fraud reduction and control over cash flows, compliance

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

with regulations specific to various games, digitisation of
distribution channels, and differentiation by customer experience.

3.2.6. ENERGY AND UTILITIES

Faced with increasingly heavy budgetary, regulatory and fiscal
constraints, companies in the energy sector must be increasingly
creative to improve their productivity, develop new products and
services, control costs, reduce their environmental impact and
rationalise their operations. The decisions made at the COP21
climate talks in November 2015 only increase these challenges by
encouraging major principals to diversify and innovate even more,
to control energy more effectively and revamp their management
of customer relationships (companies, local authorities and
private individuals).

Other major issues must also be taken into account:

= maintenance of production and distribution infrastructures that
are becoming obsolescent;

= rapid change in customer requirements;

= end-to-end control of energy flows (from production to the
end-user via smart meters);

athe transition to new generations,
production side

particularly on the

Sopra Steria helps energy suppliers and utilities transform all their
key processes: exploration, production and trading, transport and
distribution, marketing and services.

3.2.7. TRANSPORT

The transport sector is undergoing far-reaching changes: increasing

openness to competition, growing European and urban traffic, new

modes of transport (car sharing, low-cost operators, long-distance

buses, etc.), the digital revolution (Uber, BlaBlaCar, etc.) and the

renovation of old networks.

Faced with these major challenges, the transport sector must

change and:

= propose multiple or integrated offerings (bus, taxi, bike, etc.):
door-to-door;

= become customer-centred and develop loyalty;

= propose new services (luggage, guarantees for passengers,
mobile ticketing).

Sopra Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields

based on three main themes:

a infrastructure management: asset management, development of
mobile tools for maintenance, paperless records, etc.;

a traffic management: from timetable design to transport planning,
fleet management and supervision of rail, road and air traffic;

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

21


--- Page 9 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

22

Sopra Steria’s activities

= traveller experience: mobile ticketing, boarding and access
control, passenger information.

Sopra Steria offers innovative approaches (co-design,
design-thinking, agility, digital labs, etc.) and has the expertise to
support its clients in numerous areas such as the Internet of Things,
mobile app labs, cloud computing, Big Data, and so on

Its Cybersecurity centres offer key accounts in the European transport
sector a guarantee and total security for their information system.

3.2.8. RETAIL

Retailers face an unfavourable economic environment and
profound and continual changes in the patterns of consumption
of clients who increasingly use digital technology. Transformation
is essential. It involves having secure, controlled business practices
as well as a real ability to innovate to meet consumer requirements
for immediate and flexible services

Sopra Steria guides retailers in their digital transformation, making
these companies’ information systems a lever for performance to:

= guarantee service standards while also optimising recurring costs;

= transform their architecture in order to adapt it to an omnichannel
and flexible environment;

= simplify their existing system, improve the level of productivity
and processes in a flexible world;

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

= capitalise fully on technologies in order to maximise revenues
and profitability;

= offer a rich, omnichannel experience with connected channels;

mestablish a rich, intelligent and constant relationship with
their clients;

minnovate and transform within an __ innovative

organisational structure.

3.3. Research and Development
of Solutions

The Group stepped up its R&D efforts, investing €111.2 million
in 2016 (up from €105.4 million in 2015) in developing and
expanding its industry-specific solutions. All of these totals are
gross amounts and do not take into account funding related to the
French R&D tax credit.

These R&D expenses, which mainly consist of the direct cost of staff
dedicated to developing certain solution offerings and software
packages produced by Sopra Steria, have been recognised in full in
operating expenses.


--- Page 10 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Overview of the digital services sector

Overview of the digital services sector

4.1. Main markets - Competitive environment of digital services

companies

In 2016, the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated $224 billion “”.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country (in billions of US dollars)

France 29-3)
United Kingdom 74.4
Germany 36.0
Rest of Europe 86.1
TOTAL 223.8

Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2017.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of US dollars)

Consulting 43.4
Development and systems integration 61.1
Outsourced IT services 86.3
Business process outsourcing 33.1
TOTAL 223.8

Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2017.

The European market has three main characteristics:

= three countries alone (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 62% of IT services spending in Europe ‘");

= outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for over 53% of IT services spending by
European companies |";

m the sector that consumes the most IT services in western
Europe is financial services, consisting of banks and insurance
companies, which account for 25% of the total market.

(1) Source: Gartner, updated first quarter 2017.

In spite of the recent consolidations, the IT services market remains

highly fragmented in Europe. The main competitors of Sopra Steria

are divided into three categories:

= players present on all continents, such as IBM, HP EDS, CSC,
Accenture, CGI, Capgemini and Atos;

= Indian players such as TCS, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys;

a local players positioned in niche segments with high added value
or general purpose services.

With 2016 revenue of €3.7 billion and a market share of 2%, Sopra

Steria is one of Europe's ten largest digital services companies

(excluding captive service providers and purely local players).

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

23


--- Page 11 ---

MEE ~4INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2016

Simplified Group structure
at 31 December 2016

sopra SS steria

Sopra HR Software Sopra Banking

(France) ‘ranc) Sewvices (ance)

Sopra HR Software Sopra Steria Polska
(Spain) ( (Poland)
Sopra HR Software
(Germany) (United Kingdom) oat
Sopra Stra Sopra Seria PSF
Sopra HR Software Software Netherlands Luxembourg
(Belgium) (Netherlands) (uxembourg)
it NHS Shared
Sopra HR Software Sopra Sera
tluxembourg) tioned Kegon) urembou
Sopra HR Software Sofware Lxemboug CIMPA haved Srvc 5 separa
(aly) (Luxembourg) (United Kingdom) (United Kingdom) (Netherlands)
Sopra Banking CIMPA PLM ‘teria UK Sopra
Son sore Software 5p Corporate steria Group
(Germany) pain) (United Kingdom) (tay)
Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software Softwa Steria India Sopra Ste
(United Kingdom) re Moron (india) (seized)

Sopra HR Software india Sopra Ster
(Tunisia) ia) (Germany)
Sopra HR Software Sopra teria Asia 18S Software
(Morocco) apore) (Geman;
Sopa Soya
Technologies (China) (ass
Delta Development
Systems Sopra Ster
igeta) (Norway)
Sopra Banking
Software Singapore Sopra Ste
(Singapore) (Denmark)
Groupe Cassiopae' Sopra Ste
(France) (Sweden)

Note: Companies are directly or indirectly more than 95% owned, unless otherwise specified.
(1) The Cassiopae group consists of the holding company KSEOP Holding and its subsidiaries held by Sopra Banking Software since April 2016.
(*) 100% since 26 January 2017.

—o__ BRANCH

24 | Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 12 ---

6] Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance consists of a Board of

Directors, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief

Executive Officers.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and

functional structure as well as temporary structures for the

management of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT has an active role in conducting Group operations

through

mits presence on the Board of Directors and the three
Board committees;

= a tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra Steria
and Axway, concerning services relating to strategic decision-
making, coordination of general policy between Sopra Steria
and Axway, and the development of synergies between these
two companies, as well as consulting and assistance services
particularly with respect to finance and control.

6.1. Permanent structure

The Group’s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

6.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Deputy CEOs.

The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive Management
and the heads of the main operating and functional entities.

The members of Sopra Steria Group’s Executive Committee
supervise the Group's organisation, management system, major
contracts and support functions and entities and take part in the
Group's strategic planning and implementation.

6.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to

‘one of the following:

= a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
industry-specific solutions, infrastructure management,
cybersecurity, business process services);

= a geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,

comprising in particular the Director and management of tier

3 entities

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Group organisation

6.1.3. TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria:

= vertical market;
= geographic area (region).

6.1.4. TIER 4: BRANCHES

Each division is made up of branches, which are the organisation's
primary building blocks. They operate as profit centres and enjoy
genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for their human
resources, budget and profit and loss account. Management
meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy and human
resources are held weekly, and the operating accounts and budget
are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group
Executive Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Branches

6.1.5. OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational
support entities responsible for managing major transformations:

= the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department, responsible for
promoting the Key Accounts policy and developing relations
with partners. The role of this department is to coordinate the
commercial and production approaches for our major clients,
particularly when different entities are involved;

= the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the digital transformation of the Group. It also
manages the Group’s innovation approach;

= the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on X-Shore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

25


--- Page 13 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Review of the Group's position and results

6.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES
The functional departments are:

m the Human Resources Department, the Communications and
Marketing Department and the Corporate Responsibility and
Sustainable Development Department;

athe Finance and Administration Department, the Legal
Department, the Real Estate and Purchasing Department and
the Information Systems Department.

These centralised functions ensure Group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
Group’s core values, serve the operational entities and report
directly to Executive Management.

The Group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
they contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

6.1.7. A SOLID, EFFICIENT INDUSTRIAL
ORGANISATION

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing
and becoming globalised. The Group has an increasingly wide
range of skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong
gains in productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an
optimal cost structure.

Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported
by five levers:

= production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

m choice of personnel: human resources are central to the
approach, providing training, support and improved skills for
each employee;

= organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

7.1. General context and key
events in 2016

During the 2016 financial year, Sopra Steria exceeded its growth,

profitability and cash flow targets, delivering a solid operating

performance that saw the Group return to its historical performance
standards.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

m equipment: the Quality System, the eMedia method, the
Continuous Delivery Kit (CDK) and associated software tools;

= global delivery model: rationalising production by pooling
resources and expertise within service centres, with services
located based on the needs of each client (local services in
France, nearshore in Spain, North Africa and Poland, and
offshore in India).

6.2. Temporary structures for
specific deals and projects

The Group's organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt
to changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of
projects.

These are handled by temporary teams:
= within the entities;

m under the authority of a pilot entity, established to leverage
synergies across several entities.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet
fundamental objectives: client service, business success, and
contribution to the overall growth of the Group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise, geographic
area covered) large-scale projects can be managed at the branch,
division, subsidiary/country or Executive Management level. Certain
large projects requiring the resources of several branches may
involve the creation of a division.

6.3. Integration governance

The change management plan was established by teams from both
Sopra and Steria. In 2015 and 2016, it resulted in a vast integration
programme defined for each population and operational and
functional entity.

Since the Sopra Steria integration was a success, as demonstrated
by ongoing growth and improved profitability, this governance
structure was discontinued in October 2016.

Review of the Group’s position and results

The Group's 2016 performance highlights the relevance and
success of the tie-up between Sopra and Steria. It also reflects
strategic developments initiated by the Group: driving up the value
of its offerings through consulting and solutions, strengthening
the vertical approach and close client relationship, and stepping
up development in the digital segment, which proved particularly
buoyant


--- Page 14 ---

Sopra Steria generated 2016 revenue of €3,741.3 million, reflecting
buoyant organic growth of 5.2% (at constant exchange rates
of 8.3% and total growth of 4.4%). Currency fluctuations had
an adverse impact of €130.3 million, mainly due to the drop in
the sterling-to-euro exchange rate relative to 2015. Meanwhile,
changes in scope had a positive impact of €103.9 million. Overall,
Group revenue grew by 4.4% in 2016.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Review of the Group’s position and results

The Group's operating profit on business activity grew by 22.6%
relative to 2015, to €301.1 million, a margin of 8.0%, up 1.2
percentage points relative to the previous year.

Net profit attributable to the Group increased significantly to
€150.4 million, up 78.2%.

Lastly, the Group considerably improved its free cash flow to
€150.6 million (versus €49.3 million in 2015).

7.2. Consolidated financial statements for financial year 2016

7.2.1. PERFORMANCE BY REPORTING UNIT
€m % €m %
France
Revenue 1,528.1 1,364.3
Operating profit on business activity 123.3 8.1% 102.0 7.5%
Profit from recurring operations 114.4 7.5% 100.8 7A%
Operating profit 102.7 6.7% 52.3 3.8%
of which C&SI (including CIMPA)
Organic growth +8.0% +3.5%
Revenue 1,327.4 1,161.1
Operating profit on business activity 119.0 9.0% 101.3 8.7%
Profit from recurring operations 110.6 8.3% 100.1 8.6%
Operating profit 106.1 8.0% 60.7 5.2%
of which 12S
Organic growth -1.3% -7.8%
Revenue 200.6 203.2
Operating profit on business activity 44 2.2% 0.7 0.3%
Profit from recurring operations 3.8 1.9% 0.7 0.3%
Operating profit -3.4 -1.7% -8.4 -4.1%
United Kingdom
Revenue 927.9 1,042.0
Operating profit on business activity 74.7 8.0% 76.2 7.3%
Profit from recurring operations 63.1 6.8% 63.3 6.1%
Operating profit 59.4 6.4% 57.1 5.5%
Other Europe
Revenue 728.1 697.4
Operating profit on business activity 41.8 5.7% 18.5 2.7%
Profit from recurring operations 39.1 5.4% 17.4 2.5%
Operating profit 31.1 4.3% 5.3 0.8%
Sopra Banking Software
Revenue 350.9 282.4
Operating profit on business activity 31.9 9.1% 25.7 9.1%
Profit from recurring operations 22.9 6.5% 20.3 7.2%
Operating profit 19.9 5.7% 20.1 7.1%
Other Solutions
Revenue 206.4 198.3
Operating profit on business activity 29.4 14.2% 23.1 11.6%
Profit from recurring operations 28.3 13.7% 23.1 11.6%
Operating profit 26.7 12.9% 17.7 8.9%

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

27


--- Page 15 ---

28

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Review of the Group's position and results

In France, 2016 revenue came in at €1,528.1 million, equating to
organic growth of 6.7% and total growth of 12.0%.

= In Consulting & Systems Integration, the Group substantially
consolidated its leading position, continuing to win market share
from its competitors thanks to very strong momentum: revenue
grew by 8.0% on an organic basis to €1,327.4 million, driven by
key accounts (up 10%) and consulting services (up 17%) which
now account for 12% of total business. The best-performing
sectors were defence, aerospace and transport. Strong business
growth was coupled with higher profitability, while the Group
invested significantly in training (under the New Way programme
launched in 2016): the operating margin on business activity
came in at 9.0%, compared with 8.7% the previous year.

12S (Infrastructure & Security Services) posted revenue of
€200.6 million. The IT infrastructure management business,
which accounts for 90% of the entity's revenue, continued to
refocus on higher-added-value services. This resulted in a slight
organic decrease in revenue (down 1.3%) and the confirmation
of the recovery in profitability begun two years ago. All in all,
12S's operating margin increased by 1.9 percentage points
relative to 2015, to 2.2%. This performance has enabled the
Group to maintain a target operating margin on business activity
of almost 5% for 2017, as set in 2015.

In the United Kingdom, the Brexit had no material impact on
business in the financial year. However, the British pound fell by an
average of 11.4% against the euro, generating a translation loss
of €117.5 million. Full-year revenue of €927.9 million was down
11.0% relative to 2015. However, at constant scope and exchange
rates, revenue was stable (up 0.4%). Public sector business grew by
2.0%. The private sector business was reorganised, resulting in the
beginnings of an improvement. As regards profitability, the region's
operating margin on business activity increased by 0.7 percentage
points relative to 2015, reaching 8.0%.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

The Other Europe region's performance in 2016 reflected the
success of the recovery plan put in place two years ago, particularly
in Germany, where the transformation was a clear success. The
region generated revenue of €728.1 million, equating to organic
growth of 5.8%. Nearly all countries posted growth, with Spain,
Benelux and Norway particularly buoyant. Meanwhile, the region's
profitability more than doubled relative to 2015. The operating
margin on business activity came in at 5.7%, compared with 2.7%
the previous year, mainly thanks to a very strong improvement in
Germany, which returned to profit (delivering an operating margin
on business activity of 5.7%, compared with 0% in 2015)

For Sopra Banking Software, 2016 was a year of significant
development and consolidation. Revenue grew by 24.3% (of which
11.7% organic) to €350.9 million. Significant new ground was
gained in specialist loans (with the acquisition of Cassiopae in
April 2016) and payments (with Sopra Banking Platform for
Payments launched for Transactis). Significant milestones were
achieved on the product roadmaps, notably Platform, with the
delivery of the account management module. A number of major
new contracts were also won on Platform (seven new clients) and
demand remained strong on Amplitude (with 13 new clients and
23 go-live decisions). Lastly, investment increased, with research
and development expenses (recognised in the income statement)
up €14 million. Against this backdrop, the operating margin on
business activity held steady relative to 2015, coming in at 9.1%.

Other Solutions (Human Resource Solutions and Property
Management Solutions) posted 2016 revenue of €206.4 million,
equating to organic growth of 3.7%. Human Resource Solutions
benefited from strong momentum in the second half of the year
after delays signing contracts in the first half. Meanwhile, Property
Management Solutions delivered sustained growth throughout the
year. The reporting unit's profitability increased sharply, with an
operating margin on business activity of 14.2% (compared with
11.6% in 2015).


--- Page 16 ---

7.2.2. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

(in millions of euros)

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Review of the Group’s position and results

2015

Revenue 3,741.3 3,584.4
Staff costs -2,257.3 -2,185.6
External purchases and expenses -1,118.0 -1,087.9
Taxes and duties 37-2 -32.4
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment -44.1 -58.4
Other current operating income and expenses 16.5 25.3
Operating profit on business activity 301.1 245.5
as % of revenue 8.0% 6.8%
Expenses related to stock options and related items -12.1 -1.2
Amortisation of allocated intangible assets -21.1 -19.4
Profit from recurring operations 267.8 225.0
as % of revenue 7.2% 6.3%
Other operating income and expenses -27.6 -72.4
Operating profit 240.2 152.6
as % of revenue 6.4% 4.3%
Cost of net financial debt -6.7 -8.1
Other financial income and expenses 7.6 -14.9
Income tax expense -80.9 -47.2
Net profit from associates 10.8 7.2
Net profit from continuing operations 155.8 89.6
Net profit from discontinued operations - -
Consolidated net profit 155.8 89.6
as % of revenue 4.2% 2.5%
Non-controlling interests. 5.4 5.2
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP 150.4 84.4
as % of revenue 4.0% 2.4%
EARNINGS PER SHARE (IN EUROS)

Basic earnings per share 7.50 4.27
Fully diluted earnings per share 7.49 4.26

Revenue

Revenue increased from €3,584.4 million in 2015 to €3,741.3 million

in 2016, equating to total growth of 4.4%. This represents a

change of €156.9 million, which breaks down as follows:

=a negative currency effect of €130.3 million, mainly due to
sterling;

man effect of changes in the scope of consolidation of
€103.9 million;

= organic growth was €183.3 million or 5.2%.

Expenses included in Operating profit on business activity

The 0.7-point reduction in staff costs relative to revenue between
fiscal years 2015 and 2016 reflects the overall improvement in
Sopra Steria Group's operating performance.

The rate of consultant downtime (number of days between
contracts excluding training, sickness, leave and pre-sales as a
percentage of total number of workable days) was 3.9% over
12 months in 2016. The 2015 downtime rate was 4.1%.

External purchases and expenses went from 30.4% to 29.9% of
revenue. They remained under control across all departments and
countries.

Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment totalled
€44.1 million in 2016 compared with €58.4 million in 2015, a
reduction of €14.3 million. This is due to a €2.0 million reduction
in amortisation and depreciation expenses (mainly due to exchange
rate fluctuations), lower additions to provisions for current assets
in 2016 than in 2015 (€4.0 million) and reversals of provisions
totalling €8.0 million, including €4.0 million in respect of foreign
exchange effects.

Operating profit on business activity

Operating profit on business activity represented 8.0% of revenue
at €301.1 million, compared with 6.8% and €245.5 million in
2015.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

29


--- Page 17 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

30

Review of the Group's position and results

Profit from recurring operations

Profit from recurring operations totalled €267.8 million after taking
into account expenses relating to stock options and bonus shares,
as well as amortisation expenses on allocated intangible assets.

= Expenses relating to existing bonus share plans and stock option
plans totalled €12.1 million, compared with €1.2 million in
2015:

¢ in the first half of 2016, Sopra Steria Group introduced an
employee shareholding plan concerning 193,000 shares, of
which 96,500 were bought by employees and 96,500 were
awarded to employees by the Group. The cost of this plan
includes expenses relating to the application of IFRS 2, social
security charges in France and implementation costs (solicitors’
fees), representing a total of €10.0 million,

* a plan to award free performance shares was launched in
June 2016. A total of 88,500 shares have been awarded to
employees and/or corporate officers. The number of shares
delivered will depend on performance criteria being met
in 2016, 2017 and 2018. A total cost of €1.6 million was
recorded in respect of 2016;

= Amortisation expenses on intangible assets totalled €21.1 million
in 2016, compared with €19.4 million in 2015. This increase is
primarily due to the acquisition of Cassiopae, representing an
additional expense of €2.6 million.

Operating profit

Other operating income and expenses represented a €72.4 million
expense in 2015, most of this (€46.7 million) in France, as a result
of restructuring measures following the Sopra-Steria tie-up. A total
of €27.6 million was recognised in 2016, representing a reduction
of €44.8 million, mainly in France.

Financial income and expenses

The cost of net financial debt amounted to €6.7 million in
2016, compared with €8.1 million in 2015. It should be noted
that financial income and expenses included interest income for

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

€9.6 million in 2016. It chiefly concerned available cash in India,
which stood at €114.1 million at end-December 2016.

Other financial income and expenses amounted to a net expense

of €7.6 million, compared with a net expense of €14.9 million in

2015, mainly relating to three types of transactions:

a discounting gains and losses (retirement benefits, employee
profit-sharing, earnout obligations);

= the change in the value of interest rate hedging instruments;
= foreign exchange gains and losses.

Tax expense

The tax expense totalled €80.9 million in 2016, compared with
€47.2 million in 2015. This equates to an effective tax rate of
35.8% in 2016, compared with 36.4% in 2015. These transactions
are discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

Share of net profit from equity-accounted companies

Profit for 2016 was essentially comprised of €10.4 million in
respect of the share of Axway’s profit for the period (32.89% of
€31.5 million).

Net profit

The net profit attributable to the Group amounted to €150.4 million,
or 4.0% of revenue, compared with €84.4 million, or 2.4% of
revenue, in 2015

Earnings per share

Basic net earnings per share were €7.50, based on a weighted
average of 20.04 million shares in issue during the financial year.
The figure of €4.27 for basic earnings per share in 2015 was based
on a weighted average of 19.8 million shares. Diluted earnings per
share amounted to €7.49, compared with €4.26 in 2015.


--- Page 18 ---

7.2.3. BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE

Assets (in millions of euros)

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Review of the Group’s position and results

Goodwill 1,557.0 1,586.9
Intangible assets 199.6 214.0
Property, plant and equipment 120.7 118.5
Equity-accounted investments. 202.3 154.4
Other non-current financial assets 22.8 777
Retirement benefits and similar obligations 41 7.9
Deferred tax assets 144.8 142.7
Non-current assets 2,251.3 2,302.1
Trade accounts receivable 1,132.7 1,099.8
Other current assets 231.1 191.6
Cash and cash equivalents 265.4 222.7
Current assets 1,629.3 1,514.0
Assets held for sale 44 5.1
TOTAL ASSETS 3,884.9 3,821.3
Liabilities and equity (in mitions of euros) | 3122016 31/12/2015
Share capital 20.5 20.4
Share premium 530.5 528.3
Consolidated reserves and other reserves 369.1 561.3
Profit/(loss) for the year 150.4 84.4
Equity attributable to the Group 1,070.6 1,194.4
Non-controlling interests 32.5 38.7
TOTAL EQUITY 1,103.1 1,233.1
Financial debt — non-current 402.6 437.8
Deferred tax liabilities 15.9 15.8
Retirement benefits and similar obligations 468.6 317.3
Non-current provisions 49.7 38.6
Other non-current liabilities 86.4 86.4
Non-current liabilities 1,023.3 895.9
Financial debt - current 368.8 315.7
Current provisions 66.7 88.2
Trade payables 285.9 257.5
Other current liabilities 1,037.1 1,030.9
Current liabilities 1,758.5 1,692.2
Liabilities held for sale 0.1 0.1
TOTAL LIABILITIES 2,781.8 2,588.2
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 3,884.9 3,821.3

The change in goodwill is mainly due to new gooduwill arising on
acquisition of the Cassiopae group and LASCE Associates, as well as
the fluctuation in currency translation adjustments, particularly in
the United Kingdom as a result of changes in the value of sterling.
Equity-accounted investments increased by €47.9 million.
These investments relate primarily to the 32.89% stake held in
Axway as at 31 December 2016, as well as 35.41% of voting
rights. On 31 May 2016, Sopra Steria Group acquired the stake
held by Geninfo (Société Générale group) in Axway, amounting to
1,793,625 shares (8.62% of the share capital). This transaction was
completed as an over-the-counter block sale at the price of €21.50
per share for a total amount of €38.6 million.

Shareholders’ equity decreased from €1,233.1 million at end-2015
to €1,103.1 million at end-2016, adversely affected by currency
translation adjustments totalling €94.2 million and an increase in
provisions for post-employment benefits.

Provisions for retirement benefits and similar obligations rose
from €309.4 million at end-December 2015 to €464.5 million at
end-December 2016. The difference relative to 2015 mainly arises
from updating the United Kingdom pension fund deficit. The main
reason for this is the decline in long-term interest rates in the
United Kingdom

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

31


--- Page 19 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

32

Review of the Group's position and results

Sopra Steria’s financial position at 31 December 2016 was robust
in terms of both financial ratios and liquidity.

Free cash flow improved sharply relative to 2015 (€150.6 million
vs. €49.3 million)

Net financial debt stood at €506.0 million at end-2016, down
€24.8 million relative to end-2015 and equating to 1.47x EBITDA
(with the bank covenant stipulating a maximum of 3x).

At31 December 2016, the Group had total financing of €1.5 billion,
of which €1.1 billion was available '”. The Group’s bank facilities
were renegotiated on 7 July 2016 for a period of five years (with
extensions possible to 2022 and 2023).

At end-December 2016, bank covenants remained well within the
stipulated limits.

Ratings by financial ratings agencies
The Company is not rated by any financial rating agencies.

7.3. Investments during the year

7.3.1. ACQUISITIONS IN 2016

Sopra Steria Group made five acquisitions in 2016. Two acquisitions
were within the Other Solutions sector for the Property Management
division (EchoSystems and Active3D), with Cassiopae adding to
Sopra Banking Software’s product portfolio, and two acquisitions
were carried out in consulting (LASCE Associates and Solid Group).

a. Cassiopae

On 28 April 2016, Sopra Banking Software completed its acquisition
of 75% of the share capital of KSEOP, parent company of the
Cassiopae group, a leading developer of specialised finance and
property management software. With operations in 40 countries,
Cassiopae posted revenue of €48.9 million in 2015 and serves more
than 300 clients.

At the end of January 2017, Sopra Banking Software acquired the
25% stake in KSEOP still held by the company’s historic shareholders.

b. Other acquisitions

= EchoSystems: At the end of February 2016, Sopra Steria Group
acquired the business assets of EchoSystems. These operations
have been integrated into Sopra Steria Group’s Property
Management business. In 2015, EchoSystems generated
around €1 million in revenue;

= LASCE Associates: At the beginning of July 2016, Sopra Steria
completed the acquisition of LASCE Associates, a consulting
firm specialising in operational excellence in manufacturing and
logistics. This acquisition enhances the Group's ability to provide
consulting services for its strategic clients’ core business needs.
In addition, this unlocks synergies with CIMPA, reinforcing its
end-to-end range of industrial-scale services offered to the
Group’s major clients. LASCE Associates has 65 employees. Over
the period from June 2015 to June 2016, LASCE Associates
generated around €9 million in revenue and €1.3 million in
operating profit;

= Active3D: At the beginning of July 2016, Sopra Steria completed
the acquisition of Active3D, a building energy management
software vendor whose core area of expertise is digital modelling
or Building Information Modelling (BIM). This business generates
revenue of around €2 million a year;

= Solid Group: Sopra Steria AS (Norway) acquired an SAP
consulting business in October. This business represents
15 employees and generates revenue of around €1 million a year.

7.3.2. ACQUISITION OF 8.62% OF AXWAY

At the end of May 2016, Sopra Steria acquired the stake held by
Geninfo in Axway, amounting to 1,793,625 shares (8.62% of share
capital). As a result, Sopra Steria’s shareholding in Axway grew to
33.52%. Taking account of the options exercised in 2016 at Axway,
this shareholding was reduced to 32.89% at 31 December.

The shares were bought at a price of €21.50 per share, representing
a total cost of €38.6 million.

7.3.3. FACILITIES

A total of €36.8 million was invested in 2016 in infrastructure and
technical facilities, as against €39.8 million in 2015.

Investments in facilities comprised the following:
= land and buildings: €0.3 million;

a fixtures and fittings: €15.5 million;

a IT equipment €21.0 million.

(1) Assuming a constant amount of commercial paper (€302.7 million at 31 December 2016) and overdrafts.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 20 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

2016 Sopra Steria Group SA individual financial statements

2016 Sopra Steria Group SA
individual financial statements

Sopra Steria Group SA comprises all of the Group’s French
consulting, systems integration and property solutions development
activities, as well as all of its central services (Executive Management,
operational support functions and functional structures). It has
systems integration and solutions subsidiaries in Europe, software
development subsidiaries for banking (Sopra Banking Software) and
human resources management (Sopra HR Software), infrastructure

8.1. Income statement

(In thousands of euros)

subsidiary Sopra Steria Infrastructure & Security Services, and a
32.89% stake in global software vendor Axway Software, the
market leader in data flow governance.

The accounts are presented in detail in Chapter 5 of this Registration
Document (pages 213 to 243).

2015

Net revenue 1,393,280 1,289,104
Other operating income 38,506 57,966
Operating income 1,431,786 1,347,070
Purchases consumed 443,390 376,122
Staff costs 839,900 839,901
Other operating expenses. 797 750
Taxes and duties 37,311 33,747
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment 21,037 26,391
Operating expenses 1,342,435 1,276,911
Operating profit/(loss) 89,351 70,159
Financial income and expenses 38,862 -6,270
Pre-tax profit/(loss) on ordinary activities 128,213 63,889
Exceptional income and expenses 19,743 -33,263
Employee profit sharing and incentives -9,302 -5,554
Corporate income tax 3,368 8,286
NET PROFIT/(LOSS) 142,022 33,358

Revenue totalled €1,393.3 million in 2016, compared with
€1,289.1 million in 2015.

Operating profit came in at €89.4 million in 2016, compared with
an operating loss of €70.2 million in 2015.

Financial income and expenses amounted to net income of
€38.9 million in 2016, compared with a net expense of €6.3 million
in 2015.

Pre-tax profit on ordinary activities totalled €128.2 million in 2016,
compared with €63.9 million in 2015

Exceptional income and expenses showed income of €19.7 million
in 2016, compared with a €33.3 million expense in 2015.

The expense on employee profit-sharing and incentives went from
€5.6 million in 2015 to €9.3 million in 2016, while the corporate
income tax expense went from €8.3 million in 2015 to €3.4 million
in 2016.

Net profit went from €33.4 million in 2015 to €142.0 million in
2016.

Research and development on Solutions represented an investment
of €17.1 million, mainly in the area of property management.
These costs are fully expensed

In accordance with Article 39-4 of the French General Tax Code,
the accounts for the financial year ended include an expense of
€427,385 in respect of non-tax-deductible expenditures.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

33


--- Page 21 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
2016 Sopra Steria Group SA individual financial statements

8.2. Balance sheet

Assets (in thousands of euros)

2015

Intangible assets 105,086 576,588
Property, plant and equipment 48,857 47,708
Financial investments 1,790,154 1,278,215
Non-current assets 1,944,097 1,902,511
Stock and work in progress 33 8
Trade accounts receivable 425,973 399,183
Other receivables, prepayments and accrued income 190,965 157,840
Cash 107,716 36,061
Current assets 724,687 593,092
Debt issuance costs 622 8389
Translation adjustments — Asset 7,173 179
TOTAL ASSETS 2,676,579 2,496,671

Liabilities and equity (in thousands of euros)

2015

Share capital 20,532 20,447
Share premium 531,381 528,315
Reserves 162,856 164,070
Net profit/(loss) for the year 142,022 33,358
Equity 856,791 746,190
Provisions 105,676 89,387
Financial debt 961,732 970,364
Trade payables 119,303 91,259
Tax and social security payables 315,451 329,348
Other liabilities, accruals and deferred income 309,343 259,000
Liabilities 1,705,829 1,649,971
Translation adjustments — Liability 8,283 11,123
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 2,676,579 2,496,671
Equity increased from €746.2 million at the end of 2015 to from “Intangible assets” to “Other non-current financial assets”.
€856.8 million at the end of 2016. This allocation did not have any impact on the impairment testing
To reflect ANC Regulation 2015-06 on the treatment of goodwill of the financial investments concerned

and merger losses, the company recognised a transfer of €481.5k

Pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 441-6-1 and D. 441-4 of the French Commercial Code, trade accounts payable broke down as follows:

Totalamount Amount not yet

Amount fewer
than 60 days

Amount more
than 60 days past

(in thousands of euros) outstanding due past due due
At 31 December 2015 91,259 89,378 400 1,481
At 31 December 2016 119,303 118618 i} 685
Sopra Steria observes the payment terms required by law in France of €1,790.2 million in 2016, compared with €1,278.2 million in
for trade accounts payable: a maximum of 60 days from the issue 2015, intangible assets of €105.1 million in 2016, compared with
date of the invoice. €576.6 million in 2015, and property, plant and equipment of

Non-current assets totalled €1,944.1 million in 2016, compared €48.9 million in 2016, compared with €47.7 million in 2015.

with €1,902.5 million in 2015. This includes financial investments

34 | Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 22 ---

8.3. Identity of shareholders

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Strategy and objectives

Sopra Steria Group's share ownership structure is described in Chapter 6, Section 2 ("Current ownership”) of this Registration

Document (page 247).

9. Strategy and objectives

9.1. Strong and original
positioning in Europe

Sopra Steria aims to become a leader for digital transformation in
Europe, with a comprehensive, high value-added offering, enabling
its clients to make the best use of digital technology to innovate,
transform their operations and optimise their performance.
The Group's aim is to be the benchmark partner for large
public authorities, financial and industrial operators and strategic
companies in the main countries in which it operates.

Sopra Steria will differentiate itself more clearly from its competitors
by continuing to build an edge in its two key areas of specialisation:

= industry-specific solutions which, when combined with the
Group’s full range of services, make its offering unique;

= very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers.

9.2. Priorities for action

9.2.1. ACCELERATION OF SOLUTIONS DEVELOPMENT

In software, the ambitions and momentum of Sopra Steria — now
ranked France’s number two software vendor \ — have been
confirmed. The Group has reaffirmed the medium-term target of
bringing the share of its solution development and integration
activities to 20% of its revenue. Combining organic and external
growth, efforts will continue to enrich the Group’s offering, in
particular to open it up to the digital world, as well as developing
managed services and geographic expansion, which may go beyond
Europe. The development of Sopra Banking Software is a priority.
The Group will also continue to strengthen its leading position in
Human Resources and Property Management, remaining on the
look-out for new sector opportunities.

(1) Source: Truffle 100, April 2016.

9.2.2. ENHANCED VERTICAL STRATEGY

Focused business development

To support the positioning that it has chosen, the Group is
continuing its policy of concentrating on certain targeted vertical
markets and key accounts across all of its locations. Business
development focuses on eight priority vertical markets, together
accounting for almost 90% of revenue: Banking; Public Sector;
Aerospace, Defence and Security; Energy and Utilities; Telecoms
and Media, Transport, Insurance and Retail.

For each vertical, the Group selects a small number of major
accounts (in total, fewer than 100 at Group level) and different
areas of business in which it aims to secure a leading position
through high value-added end-to-end offerings.

End-to-end offerings

With one of the most comprehensive ranges of solutions and
services in the market, the Group endeavours to develop its
capacity as a turnkey provider in order to harness all its business
lines and its ecosystem of partners (start-ups, third party vendors,
etc.) to deliver seamless end-to-end value propositions that
respond as comprehensively as possible to the business challenges
facing its clients.

9.2.3. DEVELOPMENT OF CONSULTING ACTIVITIES
ACROSS THE ENTIRE GROUP

In order to position itself even more securely with client decision-
makers at the department level, the Group is working to accelerate
its development in consulting and has set itself the medium-term
target of increasing the proportion of its business in this area to
15% of revenue. To do this, it is gradually developing a range of
consulting services and capacity in all of the regions in which it
operates, focusing primarily on digital technology, using a model
that favours synergies with the Group’s other business lines.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 23 ---

36

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Strategy and objectives

9.2.4. ACCELERATION IN DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY

Sopra Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.
Its experience has allowed it to develop an end-to-end digital
transformation approach for companies and governments, based
on a series of best practices.

The Group is continuing its own digital transformation to
consolidate its leading position in this field.

Solutions

The solutions offered by the Group are beginning to evolve at
a rapid rate in order to factor in advances in digital technology
in a number of key areas, such as client/user experience, service
platforms, analytics, chatbots etc.

The transformation of each of its major service offerings (Consulting,
Systems Integration, Application Management, Infrastructure
Management, Business Process Services) is also well underway.
There are three main aims: to use the immense potential of new
technologies for the benefit of all of its clients, to roll out new
“ways of doing” resulting from digital technology as widely as
possible, and to capitalise on smart machines as a way of improving
productivity and service standards.

Operations

Accelerators are put in place as close as possible to operations.
A Digital Transformation Office works within each of the Group’s
entities to facilitate the emergence of digital initiatives and foster
internal creativity. Champions of digital technology are also named
by priority vertical and key technology in order to increase teams’
ability to respond to the business challenges facing their clients
by making the best possible use of emerging technologies (Digital
Interaction, Smart Machines, Data Science, loT & Automation, etc.)

The ecosystem of partners and service platforms

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem (start-ups and niche
players, institutions of higher education and research laboratories,
major software publishers and the “big four” - Google, Apple,
Facebook and Amazon, etc.). For example, a strategic partnership
has been forged between Sopra Steria and Axway, the priority of
which is collaboration in the field of digital service platforms.

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and
enhance innovation, such as innovation imperatives assigned to
project teams, internal innovation competitions, hackathons open
to clients and partners, and platforms for digital demonstrations,
co-design and technology open to clients and partners in every
major location of the Group (DigiLabs) etc.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

9.2.5. PURSUING AN ACTIVE EXTERNAL
GROWTH POLICY

The Group will continue to play an active part in market
consolidation, in a targeted way. Its approach will focus on three
main areas: solutions (with the priority on banking solutions),
consulting, and strengthening its position in certain geographies
(with the priority on the United Kingdom).

9.3. Recent developments

9.3.1. FINALISATION OF THE TIE-IN WITH CASSIOPAE

In January 2017, Sopra Steria raised its stake in Cassiopae’s holding
company KSEOP to 100% through its subsidiary Sopra Banking
Software.

9.3.2. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN EMPLOYEE

SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN

In a press release dated 14 March 2017, Sopra Steria Group
announced the launch of an offer to sell shares reserved for
employees belonging to an employee savings plan, named “We
Share 2017” (“the Offer”).

The Offer is available to employees of the Group in Belgium,
Denmark, France, Germany, India, Italy, Luxembourg, Morocco,
the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Sweden and
Switzerland who are eligible and belong to the Group Savings Plan
(PEG) or the International Group Savings Plan (PEGI).

Sopra Steria’s goal with this initiative is to continue to involve
its employees more closely in the Group’s development and
performance.

The offer of Sopra Steria shares to Group employees will be
carried out by selling existing treasury shares and/or shares
bought back in advance by Sopra Steria under a share buyback
programme authorised by the shareholders at the General
Meeting of Shareholders of 22 June 2016 in accordance with
Article L. 225-209 of the French Commercial Code. The Offer will be
realized in accordance with the dispositions of Articles L. 3332-18
and following of the French Labour Code.

On 19 January 2017, the Board of Directors decided to implement
this Offer and delegated the powers required to implement it
to the Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with the decision
of the Board of Directors, the Offer will involve a maximum of
220,000 shares in the Company, corresponding to 110,000 shares
purchased by employees and 110,000 free shares awarded as the
employer's matching contribution.

On 29 March 2017, the Chief Executive Officer, acting on the
authority of the Board of Directors, set the dates of the Offer period
and the purchase price.


--- Page 24 ---

The purchase price was set at €128.08, corresponding to the
average of weighted average prices of Sopra Steria shares on the
Euronext Paris market over the 20 trading days preceding the date
of the Chief Executive Officer's decision.

The Offer Period was set from 30 March 2017 to 11 April 2017,
inclusive.

Settlement of the Offer will take place on 11 May 2017

This operation was approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers
on 31 January 2017 (Approval No. FCE20170016)

Risk factors

Introduction

Investors are reminded that the list of risks presented below is not
exhaustive and that other risks may exist, which were not known
or not considered liable to have an adverse effect on the Group,
its business, financial condition, results or share price, on the date
when this Registration Document was drawn up.

This document contains estimates subject to risks and uncertainties
that may affect the Group's future growth and profitability. Readers
are reminded that licence agreements, which often represent
investments for clients, are generally signed in greater numbers in
the second half of the year, with varying impacts on end-of-year
performance.

Irrespective of the strategic risk associated with the Group's
competitive positioning or potential loss of business model
relevance, Executive Management has decided that, within the
context of the Group’s risk assessment, on an operational level,
the main risks are those associated with human resources, project
execution and production, business relations with key clients and
reputational risk.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors

9.4. Outlook for 2017

In 2017, a number of European countries will experience an
adverse calendar effect of two to three days.

The Group has set itself the following targets for financial year
2017:

= organic revenue growth of between 2% and 3%;
= an operating margin on business activity of around 8.5%;
= free cash flow in excess of €150 million.

10.1.Main operational risk factors

10.1.1. HUMAN RESOURCE RISKS

In a services business where certain skills can be rare and clients
have changing requirements, human resources risks are naturally
critical. Effective hiring, skills and career management, continuity
in key roles, and the sharing of the Group’s culture and values are
core issues that require constant attention.

One area of central importance in human resource management is
the optimisation of — and thus close familiarity with — the Group's
existing resources (skills, aptitudes, potential), especially as its
operating entities grow in size.

The main human resources risks also arise in relation to
recruitment, employee engagement, skills and skill matching to
client requirements, forward management of resources, retention
and replacement of key employees, turnover and compliance
with labour law and employment legislation, as well as the
management of labour relations in a complex environment. In light

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

37


--- Page 25 ---

38

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Risk factors

of developments in digitisation and artificial intelligence, particular
attention will need to be paid to training, adapting employees to
new roles, and future client needs, notably so that organisational
structures can rapidly be adjusted. Senior and line managers, the
Human Resources Department and the Division HR Managers have
an essential role to play in managing these risks. Starting in 2016,
a training programme aimed at sharing the Group's values and
business fundamentals has been or is in the process of being rolled
out across the Group's various entities, beginning with its French
entities.

An overview of human resources policy is given in Section 3,
“Workforce-related responsibility’, of Chapter 3, “Corporate
Responsibility Report” (pages 94 to 113).

10.1.2. PROJECT EXECUTION AND PRODUCTION RISKS

It is critical for the Group to be able to meet client demands and
deliver consistent quality.

Production risk management requires familiarity with a number
of constantly evolving technical and business environments. It
involves the upstream validation of technical, legal and financial
specifications, as well as a tried and tested project management
methodology designed to integrate the participation of nearshore

and offshore production platforms, together with operational and
accounting controls.

Depending on the contractual commitments entered into, any
failure to provide the services specified in these contracts, or any
provision of sub-standard services, may result in a risk for the Group
(penalties, client complaints, claims for damages, additional cost,
non-payment, early termination of the contracts, reputational risk).
In the current environment, clients are increasingly demanding in
terms of contractual commitments and guarantees.

Unlike time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price contracts are
characterised by commitments regarding price, result and
lead times: they may be fixed-price projects such as systems
integration or software development, or fixed-price services such
as maintenance contracts, third-party application maintenance,
infrastructure management or Business Process Services (BPS).
Fixed-price service contracts are often multiannual agreements with
regular management and follow-up.

For fixed-price projects and fixed-price services, a poor assessment
of the scale of the work to be done, an underestimate of the cost
of providing the service or an incorrect estimate of the technical
solutions to be implemented can lead to estimated costs being
exceeded or contractual deadlines not being met. This delay can, in
itself, result in late delivery penalties and/or budget overruns.

The breakdown of revenue according to the nature of contracts is summarised in the table below:

(in % of revenue)

2015

Licences 2.2% 1.9%
Fixed-price projects 17.1% 17.5%
Fixed-price services 48.1% 51.2%
Time and materials 32.6% 29.4%
TOTAL 100% 100%

The increase in the percentage of revenue from “Time and materials” contracts is mainly due to the impact of changes in scope in 2016.

Organisational structures, all processes for reviewing offers, in
keeping with the quality control system, as well as reviews by the
Legal Department, allow for risks of this kind to be assessed and
regulated at the early stage of contracts. The Industrial Department
also plays a key role in these reviews.

Risks relating to information security and continuity of
service

The reliability of IT and communications infrastructures is an
issue of growing importance to production. In view of its
business model, with production located a long way from clients
(national and worldwide shared service centres in nearshore and
offshore countries), the Group is potentially dependent on its remote
production centres (offshore centres) and telecommunications
networks functioning correctly.

It should be noted that a significant proportion of the Group's
production activities are located in India. India still shows various

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

characteristics that may constitute risk factors (including political,
economic and social unrest; wage inflation; natural disasters and
pandemics). While the Group has four production facilities in India,
these sites are located far apart and in three different regions,
considerably limiting the consequences of incidents or risks that
might arise in a specific region. In addition, using a larger number
of production facilities and having a variety of onshore, nearshore
and offshore services makes it possible to have backup solutions.

Furthermore, security and the protection of client data are key
issues for the Group that could, in the event of failure (loss of data,
handling of sensitive data, etc.), result in various risks, including in
particular risks to the Group's reputation and image.

The entire organisation concerning information systems security
within the Industrial Department has been reinforced. This
organisation grew from a need to spur greater involvement
among all stakeholders across the Group in analysing information
system risks and defining action plans in a context of growing


--- Page 26 ---

interdependence between entities and onshore and offshore
production sites. The Group is aware of the issues linked to
information security, and in particular uses the skills developed in
its own area of cybersecurity expertise to implement the solutions
best suited to its needs, via a scalable approach.

Risk of dependence on suppliers

Both integration projects and managed services and business
process services (BPS) contracts involve an increasingly high level
of complexity and require working with many partners (such as
developers, manufacturers, consultants or IT services companies),
thus creating a certain dependence by Sopra Steria Group on some
suppliers. The IT world is, however, characterised by a multiplicity of
actors, thus substantially reducing the risk of dependency. Although
there are alternative solutions for most software, hardware and
networks and although the Group has maintained commercial
relations with most large suppliers, some projects could be affected
by a residual risk of potential failure of its suppliers.

10.1.3. RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH
KEY CLIENTS

To do business effectively, the Group must be able to draw on the
full range of its customer knowledge. Proper management and
use of this knowledge is key to understanding and responding
appropriately to clients’ needs. It also allows for better management
of the risk of losing a client or a major contract. The sales approach
used for key accounts is coordinated by a procedure involving
the members of the Executive Committee for the management of
major sales programmes.

In 2016, the Group's top client accounted for 6.7% of revenue;
the top five clients represented 21.4% and the top ten represented
32.2%.

In 2015, the Group's top client accounted for 7% of revenue;
the top five clients represented 18.4% and the top ten represented
28.05%.

Main clients include:

= in France: Airbus Group, EDF, Société Générale, Orange, Crédit
Agricole, SNCF and BNP Paribas;

= in the United Kingdom: Ministry of Justice, Home Office, Ministry
of Defence and National Health Service.

10.1.4. RISKS TO REPUTATION AND IMAGE

Since the Group gives priority to a strategy focusing on key
accounts, and is recognised for its ability to manage complex
development, data processing and storage, transformation and
execution issues in visible and sensitive areas, any difficulties that
may arise in managing these projects could affect the Group's
reputation. The risk management organisation that has been set up
within the Group, which is described in Section 11 below (starting
on page 42), helps pre-empt the development of such risks and
ensure the Group is prepared to manage them

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors

10.1.5. INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Since it operates exclusively in the mainly intangible field of IT
services, the Group’s environmental impact is not extensive.
However, although that impact is judged to be of low significance
due to the nature of the Group’s activities, the Group nevertheless
endeavours to limit it. (See Chapter 3, Section 4 of this document
starting on page 113)

10.2.Business environment-
related risks

Sopra Steria Group has locations in a number of different countries.
Even though it operates what are generally considered stable
countries, the Group may be exposed to political and economic
risks. Furthermore, in addition to geopolitical risks, in a difficult
economic climate or new political climate, some governments may
be tempted to adopt new regulations, taxes and duties. Specific
monitoring of legislative and regulatory developments has been put
in place in countries considered at risk.

10.3. Financial risks

Within the Group’s Finance Department, the Financing and
Treasury Department offers and oversees the application of
regulations concerning management of liquidity risk, market risk
(forex, interest rates and equities) and associated counterparty
risks. These risks are managed on a centralised basis at the level of
the Sopra Steria Group parent company and financing, investment,
identification and risk hedging strategies are reviewed regularly by
the Group's Finance Department.

The Group's policy is not to conduct speculative transactions on
financial markets.

Financial risk factors are detailed in Notes 11.5 and following to the
consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document
(pages 193 to 201)

10.3.1. LIQUIDITY RISK

At 31 December 2016, the Group had total financing of €1.5 billion.
The Group's bank facilities were renegotiated on 7 July 2016 for a
period of five years (with extensions possible to 2022 and 2023).
Detailed information about credit facilities and their use is provided
in Chapter 4, Note 11.5.1 to the consolidated financial statements
(pages 193 to 196)

As the majority of the Group's financing is borne by the parent
company, implementation of financial policy is largely centralised.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

39


--- Page 27 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

40

Risk factors

10.3.2. INTEREST RATE RISK

Interest rate risk concerns the Group’s debts and_ financial
investments and the financial terms (fixed/floating rate).

The Group may be impacted in the event of unfavourable variations
in interest rates. The impact would concern financing costs, interest
paid on investments and the Group’s future financial flows.

As part of its financing policy, the Group uses financing either at
fixed rates or at floating rates.

The Group’s aim is to protect itself against interest rate fluctuations
by hedging a large part of its floating-rate debt. To do this, the
Group uses different derivative instruments available on the market,
restricting itself to vanilla products (interest rate swaps, caps,
collars etc.). As regards financial investments, the Group favours
security over returns, opting in particular for investment terms of
less than three months.

See Note 11.5.3 to the Group's consolidated financial statements
in Chapter 4 (pages 196 to 199).

10.3.3. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Foreign exchange risk is defined as the impact on the Group’s
financial indicators of fluctuations in exchange rates relating to its
business activities. The Group is exposed to transactional foreign
exchange risk as well as translation foreign exchange risk.

Transactional foreign exchange risk affects the Group when
balance sheet items — mainly cash, trade receivables, operating
receivables and financial debt — are denominated in foreign
currencies. The Group is then exposed to a potential risk of
fluctuation in exchange rates between the accounting date and
the settlement date.

Translation foreign exchange risk arises from subsidiaries’
investments and assets in foreign currencies when they are
converted into euros during the consolidation process.

The Group Finance Department provides hedging for such risks via
futures or options entered into either on organised markets or over
the counter with top-tier counterparties that are members of the
banking syndicate.

See Note 11.5.4 to the Group's consolidated financial statements
in Chapter 4 (pages 199 to 201).

10.3.4. BANK COUNTERPARTY RISK.

Within the framework of its financial investments and market risk
hedging transactions (interest rate and foreign exchange risk), the
Group is exposed to a bank counterparty risk.

All foreign currency and interest rate hedges are put in place with
leading banks belonging to the Group’s banking syndicate, with
which market transaction agreements have been signed.

The Group favours short-term investments with banks that form
part of its banking syndicate. These investments are subject

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

to approval by the Group, and comply with internally defined
principles of prudence.

See Note 11.5.2 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements
in Chapter 4 (page 196).

10.3.5. CLIENT RISK

A large proportion of the Group’s revenue is generated by business
with public authorities and European government entities. A very
small proportion of revenue is generated by business with clients
residing outside the OECD, and the largest proportion of revenue
is generated by key accounts, in accordance with the Group’s
business strategy.

These factors help to reduce the Group’s credit risk profile. Solvency
risk takes into account factors that are exclusively internal to the
Group as well as contextual factors such as geographical location,
overall economic situation and segment growth forecasts.

Thanks to these various measures, the Group considers that it has
introduced a mechanism that significantly reduces its counterparty
risk in the current economic context. However, the Group remains
subject to a residual risk which may affect its performance under
certain conditions.

10.3.6. EQUITY RISK

The Group does not hold any investments in equities or any equity
interests in listed companies other than Axway Software shares,
which are recognised using the equity method (see Note 9.1 to the
Group's consolidated financial statements, in Chapter 4 (page 184)
and which represented €200 million at 31 December 2016.

These equity investments are made for strategic rather than financial
reasons. Given the limited number of treasury shares held, the
Group is not materially exposed to equity risk. Furthermore, since
the value of treasury shares is deducted from equity, changes in the
share price have no impact on the consolidated income statement.

10.4.Risks associated with
retirement benefit obligations
(pension funds)

Sopra Steria Group provides its employees with retirement benefits
in several countries. Such benefits are provided by associated
pension funds or directly by the Group. The pension plans are either
defined benefit plans (where the individual is guaranteed a certain
percentage of his or her salary as a benefit) or defined contribution
plans (where the benefit is determined based on the investment
returns achieved over the contribution period).

In the case of defined benefit plans, the employer is obliged to
cover any difference (deficit) between the value of the fund assets
and the pension obligations to be paid.


--- Page 28 ---

Both assets and liabilities are impacted by any changes in long-term
interest rates, life expectancy and more generally any changes in
the financial markets, as well as any changes in macro-economic
parameters.

In the United Kingdom (66.1% of the Group’s pension liabilities),
assets are managed by fund trustees and invested in different
asset classes (including shares) subject to the risk of fluctuations in
financial markets.

It should be noted that since 2010, defined-benefit plans in the
United Kingdom have been replaced within the Group by defined
contribution plans, though benefits vested prior to this decision
remain in effect. The defined benefit plans are exceptionally
maintained in connection with a few public- sector outsourcing
projects, to comply with the legislation and commitments made
to clients

In 2014, as part of its three-yearly negotiations, Sopra Steria Group
reached an agreement with the trustees in the United Kingdom
for additional future UK pension fund contributions aimed at
absorbing deficits over a period of 4 to 13 years depending on the
plan. To date, another three-yearly negotiation is in progress with
the trustees to determine additional and future contributions that
may be needed to absorb the deficits. This discussion should reach
a conclusion between March and June 2017.

The Company keeps itself informed of the strategy for investing
funds and the asset and liabilities management approach decided
on by the trustees, which include its representatives, and shares the
aim of reducing volatility and exposure to interest rate and inflation
risks. Any economic impact of these variations must be assessed
over the medium and long term, according to the duration of the
obligations. Deficits resulting from such variations in assets and/or
liabilities do not necessarily change in the same direction. Changes
in regulations or accounting standards may cause an increase in
obligations and have a negative impact on the Group's financial
statements.

It should be noted that legal proceedings have been initiated by
the Steria Pension Plan Trustees before the High Court of Justice in
order to confirm the validity and date of effect of an amendment to
the agreement concerning defined benefit plans. This amendment,
signed in 2006, changed employees’ contributions and future
rights (no new future rights have been vested since 2010). Sopra
Steria Limited as Principal employer is also party to the proceedings.

In the event of an unfavourable outcome, there may be a risk of
revaluation of contributions and future rights.

In view of this situation, the Trustees and Sopra Steria have — against
previous advice — launched legal proceedings to establish liability
and seek compensation for all damages suffered; these proceedings
are currently suspended pending a decision by the High Court
of Justice.

Note 5.3 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements in

Chapter 4 of this document (pages 160 to 165) gives a breakdown
of the assets and obligations of defined benefit pension plans.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk factors

10.5.Legal risks

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group's business is an unregulated activity, and therefore
requires no special legal, administrative or regulatory authorisation.
Some services, such as managed services or systems integration
provided to clients whose business activity is subject to special
regulations may lead the Group to have to adhere to the
contractual obligations linked to these regulations. Moreover, the
Group is a multinational company that operates in many countries,
subject to various constantly changing laws and _ regulations.
Moreover, the Group recruits large numbers of employees each
year, and regular training, management control and legal and
financial review procedures help ensure that compliance topics are
assessed as early as possible.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

To protect its intellectual property, the Group relies on a
combination of contracts, copyrights, trademarks, patents and
confidentiality and trade secrecy obligations. In addition, due to
their complexity, the technological fields covered by the Group
involve an increasing number of issues linked to intellectual
property that require special attention, and specific contractual
clauses, in particular during integration of third-party software,
use of software company licences in connection with integration
projects or infrastructure management services and/or for any
issues regarding reuse of software modules in connection with
integration projects. Operational staff regularly receive training on
protecting intellectual property.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries have protected the main trademarks
used in each country concerned.

The brand portfolio is managed by the Legal Department in
collaboration with an intellectual property advisor.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries own exclusive intellectual property
rights to all their software, either through having developed it
in-house or by having acquired if from third parties. Software
packages developed by the Group, in particular by Sopra Banking
Software or by Sopra HR Software, are generally marketed directly.
However there are a few distribution agreements with partners.
Sopra Banking Software holds patents for the technical algorithms
used by various technological and functional components of the
Sopra Banking Platform software suite, designed for banks and
financial institutions

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

41


--- Page 29 ---

42

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Internal control and risk management procedures

TAX RISK

Insofar as the tax rules in the various countries in which the
Group operates are continually evolving and may be subject to
interpretation, the Group cannot unequivocally guarantee that
these interpretations will not be challenged, potentially with adverse
consequences for its financial position or results. In addition, the
Group is subject to the usual tax audits. In particular, in France and
India it has received claims and requests from the tax authorities,
which have been formally challenged. At 31 December 2016
these disputes were still under investigation by the tax authorities
or courts.

DISPUTES

Provisions are recognised in respect of ongoing disputes, as detailed
in Note 10.1 to the Group's consolidated financial statements,
found in Chapter 4 of this document (page 187).

The Group is not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings
which could have a significant impact other than those reflected
in the Group’s financial position. To date, the Company is not
aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings,
including any proceedings that may be suspended or threatened,
which may have or have had a material impact on the financial
position or profitability of the Company or Group during the past
twelve months. Steria was informed of a report drawn up by the
French labour inspectorate regarding its Meudon site, concerning
the recording and monitoring of working time in 2014. At the
time of publication of this Registration Document, no action had
been taken following that report, whose content is contested by
the Group.

The Group provides a range of business services, primarily based on
consultancy and intellectual services (see Section 3 of this chapter,
pages 16 to 22). These markets are highly competitive. Suppliers
are assessed by clients based on two key differentiating factors:
client confidence in a supplier's ability to provide quality services
and price.

The competition faced by the Group is multiform; the Group
must compete with the client’s own internal teams, with major
multinational groups and with small companies benefiting from
specialist technical expertise or a deep-rooted local presence.
Despite increasing market consolidation over the last few years,
the software and services sector remains fragmented, with the
continuous evolution of products and services driven by the

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

10.6. Insurance

The main insurance programmes put in place by Sopra Steria Group

at 1 January 2017 are as follows:

= Operations coverage and professional liability
The civil liability insurance programme covers all of the Group’s
companies for monetary consequences arising as a result of their
civil and professional liability in connection with their activities,
due to bodily injury, material or non-material damage caused to
third parties. Overall coverage is limited to €150 million per claim
and per year of insurance;

Direct damages and operating losses

This programme covers all of the Group’s sites for the direct
material damages they may suffer and any resulting operating
losses. Overall policy coverage (for all types of damages and
operating losses) is limited to €100 million per claim and per
year of insurance.

In addition, Group programmes have been put in place covering
in particular:

= The civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

= Assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
employees and employees on loan.

The aim of Sopra Steria Group’s insurance programmes is to
provide uniform cover of the risks facing the company and its
employees for all Group entities at reasonable terms.

The scope and coverage limits of these various insurance
programmes are reassessed annually in light of changes in the size
of Sopra Steria Group and changes in its business and the risks
incurred. The Group believes that the nature of the risks insured
and the cover offered by these insurance policies are in line with
standard practice in its business sector.

Internal control and risk management procedures

emergence of economic or organisational needs as well as rapid
technological change.

In this constantly evolving environment, key factors that will ensure
success are responsiveness and flexibility, local access to clients,
expertise on client issues and the ability to take risks and manage
projects of strategic importance for major clients.

This context requires the Group to implement a highly decentralised
operational organisation favouring autonomy and promoting
decision-making at the local level. To provide the necessary
governance in this decentralised structure, a robust management
framework fosters effective dialogue along a short decision chain
so that the Executive Committee remains in touch with operations.


--- Page 30 ---

The main challenges involve the ability to expand the Group's
presence among major clients while improving quality of delivery
and reducing costs, as well as the management of human resources
so as to assign the most qualified team members to each role.
The preparation of accounting and financial information does not
entail any particular complexity, with the exception of accounting
for work in progress and associated revenue recognition. Physical
assets held by the Group are not material.

All Group employees, regardless of their role, are expected to
demonstrate good judgement in all circumstances and, in each and
every specific instance, to take decisions that best serve the Group
and its clients. Rules and procedures must be applied appropriately.

This section of the report outlines Sopra Steria’s internal control
systems based on the reference framework issued by the AMF.
A specific subsection addresses the preparation of accounting and
financial information. The main risks to which the Group is exposed
are presented in this chapter under Section 10, “Risk factors”
(pages 37 to 42), in accordance with Article L. 225-100 of the
French Commercial Code.

As set out below, management control (activity management)
is one of the fundamental components of the internal control
framework. Management control draws on and updates a
database using standardised models and indicators within an
internally managed information system. It serves to communicate
information internally as well as to identify and manage risks.
The various management control processes are designed to ensure
the consistency and timeliness of information to be shared with the
relevant stakeholders, as well as facilitating decision-making and
monitoring action plans.

As indicated in the paragraph on control activities, the Industrial
Department, Financial Controlling, and the Corporate Governance
and Risk Management Department play an important role in this
area. The Industrial Department verifies that the Quality System
and production methods are fully and adequately applied, thus
ensuring the effectiveness of production. Financial controlling
ensures that the internal financial control system, a key component
in the preparation of accounting and financial information, is
working properly. A Corporate Governance and Risk Management
Department was formed on 1 January 2017 to coordinate and
monitor compliance and risk management issues across the whole
of the Group on a cross-functional basis.

Internal Audit is tasked with monitoring and evaluating the internal
control system. When auditing Group entities, the first checks
carried out are those related to the usage of the management
control system and the operating effectiveness of control activities.

The internal control mechanisms described in the following
paragraphs apply to the parent company and its subsidiaries
except in areas where the Group’s main operations are different
from its traditional lines of business (United Kingdom/Asia,
Scandinavia and CIMPA). In such areas, the mechanisms that
predate their consolidation remain in place and reporting to
Executive Management is provided by the implementation of
elements of the management control system (activity management)
that make it possible to achieve the risk management objectives
and prepare the business, accounting and financial information
needed at Group level. All subsidiaries are thus consolidated in
Group operational and financial management control

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Internal control and risk management procedures

11.1.Presentation of Sopra
Steria’s internal control
system

11.1.1. DEFINITION, OBJECTIVES AND COMPONENTS

OF INTERNAL CONTROL ACCORDING TO

THE AMF
According to the definition in the AMF’s reference framework,
internal control is a system set up by the Company, defined and
implemented under its responsibility, which aims to ensure:
= compliance with laws and regulations;
= implementation of instructions and guidelines issued by Executive

Management;
= proper functioning of the Company's internal processes,
particularly those intended to safeguard its assets;

a reliability of financial disclosures;
and, in a general sense, to contribute to the control of its business
activities, to the effectiveness of its operations and the efficient
use of its resources, while not being able to provide an absolute
guarantee that the Company’s objectives will be achieved.
According to the AMF, the internal control system is based on:
= organisation;
= internal dissemination of information;
= a risk identification and management process;
= control activities;

= ongoing monitoring of the system.

11.1.2. ORGANISATION

This section addresses legal and internal organisation, the definition
of powers and responsibilities, human resources, the information
system, procedures and best practices, and lastly the tools that
constitute the components of the internal control organisation
according to the AMF's reference framework.

a. Legal organisational structure

The Group has chosen to limit the number of its legal structures.
In principle, the Group only has one active company per country
and per business, unless otherwise required by specific situations.

The legal organisational structure is presented in this chapter under
Section 5, “Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2016”,
on page 24.

The Group also holds a stake of about 33% in the capital of Axway
Software, which was previously a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Group and since 14 June 2011 has been listed on NYSE Euronext.
This holding is accounted for using the equity method.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

43


--- Page 31 ---

44,

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Internal control and risk management procedures

b. The Group’s internal organisation

The Group’s internal organisation is described in this chapter under
Section 6, “Group organisation”, starting on pages 25 and 26. It is
characterised by an operational organisation based on four levels
and by a centralised functional organisation.

c. Definition of powers and responsibilities

Rules define the powers held by operational managers with
regard to sales activities, human resource management and
spending commitments, and ensure that certain decisions fall
within the purview of central Group departments, including in
particular Legal, Finance, Human Resources and Logistics. Work to
update and harmonise these rules across the Group’s entities and
geographies is in progress.

d. Human resources management policy

The Corporate Responsibility Report included in the Registration
Document presents the Group’s human resources policy and the
main indicators related to it.

Since 2016, Executive Management has implemented a major
unifying internal transformation and training programme to
promote shared values and fundamentals. It has been rolled out
across 40% of the Group’s activities and will be rolled out to all
subsidiaries by 2018.

Adherence to Group values, which is an essential criterion in the
selection of managers, is a strong driver of cohesion and promotes
the application of fundamental management principles. Managers
play a key role in ensuring that employees successfully adopt the
Group's culture. Such buy-in is also supported by the Sopra Steria
Academy, whose training solutions include integration seminars,
job-specific development courses and the annual convention
attended by Group managers.

Career management is based on a Group career framework that
defines the various job paths and qualification levels employed.
This has already been rolled out to 59% of Group employees and
will continue to be rolled out, with the aim of adapting it to each
country’s specific context, expectations and priorities.

Performance reviews are carried out by managers and are taken
into account in annual career interviews with employees. Employee
evaluation and pay review cycles are held by the heads and
management of each business unit once or twice a year depending
on the subsidiary or job category. The purpose of these meetings is
to share knowledge of employees, to assess their skills, performance
and potential from a cross-functional perspective, and to establish
development plans accordingly. They take place at every level of
management (branch, division, subsidiary and Group) to ensure
consistency, fairness and alignment with HR strategy objectives.
Action plans are then rolled out and managed throughout the year
within each entity.

Human resource managers at operational entities serve as liaisons
between the central Human Resources Department and operations,
monitoring the proper application of rules and procedures.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

e. Information system

The Group's information system allows for software packages
available on the market to coexist with in-house developments
to address the Group’s own specific needs. It addresses all
management needs, including monitoring operations, revenue,
invoicing and cash collection, sales pipeline, budgeting and
forecasting, preparation of accounting and financial information
and human resource management. The dashboard reports
produced by this information system are used during management
meetings. As indicated in the introduction above, some subsidiaries
still use their own information systems that predate their joining
the Group but have a proven track record of meeting their
specific needs. These are managed and maintained by the Group
Information Systems Department. A standardised Group reporting
system for management purposes has therefore been put in place,
with the assistance of the Information Systems Department.

The Information Systems Department is responsible for all
information system issues (infrastructure, security, equipment
purchases, applications used for the Group's internal requirements)
The objectives of this department are to adapt the information
system in the best possible fashion to the Group’s operating
requirements, to ensure the physical and logistical security of data
to which continuous access must be guaranteed, and finally to
optimize the information system's cost/service balance.

The Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM), who works
outside the Information Systems Department, oversees the
development, adaptation and application of the Information
Systems Security Policy (ISSP) in collaboration with all operational
and functional departments concerned. The Information Security
Committee (ISC), comprised of the heads of the Group’s Industrial,
Information Systems, Legal, Human Resources, Real Estate and
Purchasing departments, as well as the chief security officer and
representatives of Executive Management (Executive Committee),
meets three times a year.

f. Procedures

The Group has established a code of ethics that sets out its values,
helps to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations in
force in all of the countries where it operates, and promotes its
commitments to the proper conduct of its business activities.

These rules and procedures cover organisation and delivery
management, internal control and accounting practices,
information systems, human resources, production and quality
assurance, sales and marketing, procurement and travel expenses.

A Corporate Governance and Risk Management Department,
reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, was established on
1 January 2017, notably to monitor internal control arrangements
(delegations of powers, principles and procedures) and manage
ethics and compliance issues. In this context, work is in progress
to update the main rules governing delegations of powers and
management.

Functional managers are responsible for implementing rules and
procedures, updating them, disseminating them via a training plan,
and enforcing them


--- Page 32 ---

These rules and procedures are available via the intranet portals
of Group companies. They are complemented by best practices
disseminated by the management and reinforced through the
Group's various training and communications initiatives.

The Group considers that its main operational risks relate to
human resources, project completion and production, commercial
relations with major clients, and the Group’s reputation and image.

With respect to human resources, the Company has rules and
procedures covering fundamental principles, staff administration,
recruitment, performance measurement and career management,
compensation, training and knowledge management.

With respect to production, Sopra Steria’s engineering methodology
defines all of the production, management and quality assurance
processes required to successfully manage projects, with the
primary aim of effectively contributing to the delivery of high
quality IT systems that meet clients’ needs in line with time and
budget constraints.

This methodology defines project management practices and
processes suited to various environments and at different levels
of management and supervision, as well as software engineering
practices and processes.

The basic principles of the Quality System are described in a
Quality Manual supplemented by procedural guides and operating
manuals.

UK-Asia, Scandinavia and CIMPA apply mechanisms that are similar
but rely on specific methods suited to their primary operations.

Information security risks and !T/communications infrastructure
risks are overseen by the Information Systems Security Manager
(ISSM).

To ensure that all commitments given to clients are legally
watertight, all contracts are subject to legal review before being
signed (excluding standard Group contracts).

g. Tools

The Group's management applications and office automation
software are designed to standardise the documents produced by
the Group.

The production tools used or developed by the Group allow for
the industrialisation of project delivery by improving the quality
of deliverables. They incorporate the processes that make up the
Group’s production methodology. Proactive monitoring is carried
out to identify new developments on the market and alternatives to
the tools used. Continuous effort is made to capitalise on any best
practices identified in the application of production tools during
project support and training.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Internal control and risk management procedures

11.1.3. INTERNAL INFORMATION
COMMUNICATION SYSTEM

a. General description of the management control system

The management control system is designed not only to manage the
dissemination of information, upwards to Executive Management
and downwards to the operational units, but also to guide, control,
support and train. It captures decisions made at steering meetings
held at each of the different organisational levels, including the
Group Executive Committee.

These meetings are governed by specific standards (reporting
timetable, participants, agenda, documents to be presented at
the beginning and end of the meeting) and are supported by the
management reporting system.

Meetings are held according to a calendar, dependent on the
organisational level and timeframe objectives:

= weekly meetings for the current month: priority is the monitoring
of sales, production and human resources;

= monthly meetings for the current year: in addition to the topics
discussed at the weekly meetings, additional emphasis is placed
on financial indicators: entity performance for the previous
month, update of annual forecasts, actual vs. budget, etc.;

= annual meetings, looking ahead several years; the entities’
annual budget process is driven by the Group’s strategic plan.

b. Implementation of the management control system at
all Group entities

The implementation of this system, generally completed in the
shortest possible time for any newly acquired company, at all
operational and functional entities is a highly effective vehicle
for cohesiveness, the sharing of values and practices throughout
the Group, and for controlling. Although, as indicated in the
introduction above, some subsidiaries still use information systems
that predate their consolidation but have proven successful in
meeting their specific needs, they provide reporting to Executive
Management via the implementation of elements of the Group
management control system.

11.1.4. RISK IDENTIFICATION
AND MANAGEMENT PROCESS

As a reminder, the risk management objectives formalised in the
AMF reference framework are as follows:

= create and preserve the Group's value, assets and reputation;

m secure decision-making and the Group’s processes to attain
its objectives;

= promote consistency between the Group's actions and its values;
= mobilise the Group's employees behind a shared vision of the

main risks and raise their awareness of the risks inherent in
their activities.

The effective implementation of the risk identification and
management process is under the supervision of Executive
Management, who receive information on risks from operational,
functional and financial controlling. The aim of this process is
to anticipate risks and mitigate them as efficiently as possible to
support the realisation of Group objectives.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

45


--- Page 33 ---

46

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Internal control and risk management procedures

All staff and management are active participants in the risk
management process. The importance of risk management is
inherently appreciated by Sopra Steria personnel as most of
them are engineers, already well versed in a culture of project
management, a critical part of which is risk management.

a. Risk mapping procedure

The risk map was shared and discussed during meetings of the
Group’s Executive Committee in 2016 to ensure its completeness,
evaluate the assessment of key risks and determine the level of
residual risk deemed acceptable by the company.

b. Risk identification and management through the
management control system

Each entity’s management ensures the application of the company’s

policy regarding the management of risks related to the business

they oversee, and checks that the level of exposure to these risks is

in line with Group policy.

As part of their overall management function, branch managers
and division/subsidiary managers are responsible for the direct
supervision of human resources, sales and administration at their
level of operations.

The relaying of information relating to identified operational and
functional risks is structured by the rules of the management
control system so that it may be handled at the most appropriate
level of the organisation.

Operational risks associated with business activities, which are
classified as “alerts” in the Group's in-house lexicon when they are
significant for the entity that identifies them, are prioritised and
included in the weekly review until the appropriate action plan has
been completed. The Group’s decentralised organisation generally
allows for decisions to be taken swiftly, close to the situation,
accompanied if necessary with input from the next reporting level
When a decision is required at the Group level, the procedures for
risk mitigation (owner and action timeline) are typically determined
by the Executive Committee during its meetings.

Functional departments are responsible for the definition and
proper application of policies relating in particular to human
resources, finance, production, client and supplier contracts,
information systems, facilities and communications. They report to
Executive Management of Group subsidiaries on a regular basis,
including any newly identified risks, their impact assessment and
steps for risk prevention or remediation

The newly established Group-wide Corporate Governance and Risk
Management Department will notably organise and coordinate risk
management arrangements and monitor insurance policies within
a single department.

The risk management process also incorporates reviews by the

Financial Controlling team, the Industrial Department and the
Internal Audit team.

c. Crisis management procedures

In order to ensure that it can respond quickly in the event of
a major crisis, the Group has modelled crisis management
procedures at the different organisational levels as part of its
business continuity strategy.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

To prepare for major incidents that could affect the Group’s
operations, Executive Management has opted to set up a Group
crisis management unit to manage crisis situations.

This crisis management unit, which consists of Executive
Management, functional Directors and the Group Information
Systems Security Manager, can be activated by Executive
Management at any time.

The crisis management unit is activated via an escalation process
communicated to all managers within the Group. In particular, this
process stipulates the following:

= the composition of the Group crisis management unit;

= the escalation process (local/branch, entity/site or Group) and
each person's role within it;

= how the impact of incidents should be assessed.

The crisis management plan to be adopted in such situations is
managed directly by the crisis management unit, which coordinates
action by all relevant Group departments until the crisis is resolved
and normal operations have resumed.

11.1.5. CONTROL ACTIVITIES

Beyond the self-assessment procedures and control procedures
implemented by operational managers at every level, under
rules of delegated powers in force within the Group, functional
departments play a particular role in the area of risk management
by providing support to operational staff, adopting a preventive
approach through mandatory reviews that may be laid down in
procedures, or by carrying out detective controls on adherence to
rules and the results obtained, including in particular controls on
the quality of data input into the information system.

The Finance Department is entrusted with specific responsibilities
in the area of Financial Controlling and the Industrial Department
is responsible for control procedures relating to the management
of its Quality System.

a. Finance Department (Financial Controlling)

Financial Controlling falls under the responsibility the Finance
Department. There are 81 controllers, whose main responsibilities
include the consolidation and analysis of monthly results produced
by the internal management system, controlling the consistency
of monthly forecasts, verifying the application of Group controls,
assisting operational managers, training management system
users, and performing the reconciliation between the internal
management accounts and the general ledgers.

As part of its control responsibilities, Financial Controllers identify
and measure risks specific to each branch. In particular, they ensure
that contractual commitments and project production are aligned
with the revenue recognised. They raise alerts for projects that
present technical, commercial or legal difficulties. They check that
revenue is recognised in line with Group accounting rules as well as
analysing any commercial concessions applicable and verifying their
treatment in the branch’s accounts. They also ensure that the costs
for the branch are completely and accurately recognised.

Financial controllers devote particular attention to unbilled revenue
and contractual milestone payments, and check that invoices


--- Page 34 ---

issued are paid. In coordination with the branch manager they
trigger cash collection activities managed directly by the Finance
Department. They check any credit notes issued

Financial Controllers assess branches’ organisation and
administrative operation. They monitor compliance with rules and
deadlines.

b. Industrial Department (Quality Management System)

Quality management relies upon the day to day interaction between
the operational and quality structures and covers the methods for
the production and application of professional standards.

Sopra Steria’s quality structure is independent of the project
management and delivery operations. As such it offers external
quality assurance for projects with the objectives of assuring
production and cost controlling, overseeing associated human
resources, verifying production conformity and compliance with
quality assurance procedures, and monitoring the quality plan’s
effectiveness.

Industrial managers under the authority of division/subsidiary
managers and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial
Department are responsible for monitoring the Quality System
and all projects. For the UK-Asia and Scandinavia regions, these
monitoring responsibilities fall to the teams reporting to the
Industrial Department of the subsidiary.

Structural audits are performed so as to verify the application and
effectiveness of the Quality System among the Sopra Steria staff
members concerned (management, sales, operational quality unit).

Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key phases in their life
cycle. Organised by the Industrial Department, or by the quality
structure's local representatives, these reviews provide an external
perspective on the status and organisation of projects. More than
3,400 pre-sales or project reviews of this type were conducted
in 2016. They were conducted by more than 500 professionals
selected by the quality structure for their skills.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established during
management reviews and the determination of the appropriate
action plans to continuously improve production performance and
the quality of Sopra Steria products and services.

The implementation of actions agreed during steering committees,
audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial Department.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure
that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate and effective.
This review is based in particular upon an analysis of project reviews
and internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group
as well as upon annual balance sheets produced by divisions or
subsidiaries. During this review, the adequacy of the quality policy
is evaluated, the annual quality objectives are defined and possible
improvements and changes in the Quality System are considered

The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or
a portion of its operations, depending on market expectations.
This policy relates to the following standards or frameworks: ISO
9001, TickIT Plus, ISO 27001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001, ISO 20000,
CMMI and TMMi.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Internal control and risk management procedures

11.1.6. ONGOING MONITORING OF THE INTERNAL
CONTROL SYSTEM

a. Internal monitoring system

While improving the internal control system is a responsibility
shared by all Group employees, the Group’s management play a
key role in the area of ongoing monitoring

Executive Management

Executive Management constitutes the top level of the internal
control and risk management system and takes an active role in
monitoring its continuing effectiveness. It takes any action required
to correct the issues identified and remain within acceptable risk
tolerance thresholds. Executive Management ensures that all
appropriate information is communicated in a timely manner to the
Board of Directors and to the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Department plays a key role in supporting these
objectives.

Internal Audit Department

Through the application of the internal audit charter adopted by
the Group, the Internal Audit Department, which has a budgeted
staff of five, has the following tasks:

= independent and objective evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control system via a periodic audit of entities;

= formulation of all recommendations to improve the Group’s
operations;

= monitoring the implementation of recommendations supported
by Executive Management;

= updating the risk map.

The work of the Internal Audit Department is organised with a view
to covering the “audit universe”, a matrix of key Group processes
reviewed annually by the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit covers the entire Group over cycle of a maximum of
four years. Audits are performed more frequently for the main risks
identified. To this end, Internal Audit carries out field audits while
using self-assessment questionnaires for areas of lesser importance.

By carrying out work relating specifically to fraud, Internal Audit has
identified processes that are potentially concerned, associated risks,
control procedures to be adopted and audit tests to be carried out.
These are systematically integrated into internal audit programmes.
Internal Audit, which reports to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and operates under the direct authority of Executive
Management, is responsible for internal control and monitors the
system in place. It submits its findings to Executive Management
and the Audit Committee.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors validates the audit plan,
shared with Executive Management, notably on the basis of
risk information obtained using the risk mapping procedure,
the priorities adopted for the year and the coverage of the
“audit universe”.

This plan is presented to the Audit Committee for review
and feedback.

Recommendations are monitored and compiled in a report
provided to Executive Management and the Audit Committee.

Internal audit carried out 17 assignments in 2016.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

47


--- Page 35 ---

MEE «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

48

Internal control and risk management procedures

Board of Directors (Audit Committee)

The Audit Committee develops their understanding of the main
features of the internal control and risk management procedures
selected and implemented by Executive Management to manage
risks: organisation, roles and functions of the key actors, approach
structure for reporting risks and monitoring the operating
effectiveness of control systems.

It has an overview of all the procedures relating to the preparation
and recording of accounting and financial information.

The Audit Committee performs an annual review of the Group’s risk
mapping procedure and follows the activity of the Internal Audit
Department through

= approval of the annual internal audit plan;

= meeting with its Director once a year in the presence of the
Statutory Auditors, but without the presence of management;

= biannual review of the results of internal audit assignments and
monitoring implementation of management action plans.

b. External monitoring system

Furthermore, the internal control system is also monitored by the
Statutory Auditors and the quality certification inspectors for the
Quality System.

Statutory Auditors

As part of their engagement, the Statutory Auditors obtain
information on the internal control system and the procedures in
place. They attend all Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory Auditors are engaged throughout the year across
the Group. Their involvement is not limited to interactions with the
accounting department. To gain a more in-depth understanding
of how operations and transactions are recorded in the accounts,
the Statutory Auditors are in regular contact with operational
managers, who are best placed to explain the Company’s business
activity. These meetings with operational staff are structured
around branch or subsidiary reviews, during which the Statutory
Auditors proceed with a review of the main ongoing projects,
progress made and any difficulties encountered by the branch or
subsidiary.

Quality certification inspectors

The audit procedure aims to ensure that the Quality System is both
in compliance with international standards and is applied to the
entire certified scope of operations.

Each year, quality certification inspectors select the sites visited
depending upon an audit cycle and relevance of the activity in
relation to the certification

The purpose of this audit process is to identify ways in which the
quality management system might be improved in order to ensure
continuous improvement.

11.1.7. EVALUATION AND CONTINUOUS
IMPROVEMENT PROCESS

As part of every internal audit, evaluations are carried out to
ensure that the Group entities or business areas being audited have
appropriate internal control systems in place.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

The internal control system and its operation are subject to internal
and external assessments to identify areas for improvement, giving
rise to action plans aimed at strengthening the internal control
framework; these assessments may be direct and specific requests
from the Audit Committee.

For example, in 2016, the Audit Committee initiated a more
in-depth presentation of the “audit universe” (detailed analysis of
sub-entities by breaking down control points by process) and revised
the Group’s coverage rules by the Internal Audit department.

11.2.Preparation of accounting
and financial information

11.2.1. COORDINATION OF THE ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL FUNCTION

a. Organisation of the accounting and financial function

Limited number of accounting entities

By keeping the number of legal entities, and therefore accounting
entities, relatively low, the Group can drive reductions in operating
costs and minimise risks.

Centralised coordination of the accounting

and financial function

The activities of Sopra Steria’s accounting and financial function
are overseen by the Group’s Finance Department, which reports
directly to Executive Management.

The responsibilities of the Finance Department mainly involve
maintaining accounts, financial controlling, tax issues, financing
and cash accounting, and participation in financial communications
and legal matters.

Each subsidiary has its own accounting team that reports
functionally to the Group’s Finance Department.

Supervision of the accounting and finance function by
Executive Management and the Board of Directors

The Finance Department reports to the Group’s Executive
Management. As with all other entities, it follows the
management reporting and controlling cycle described above:
weekly meetings to address current business activities, monthly
meetings devoted to a detailed examination of figures (actual and
forecast), the organisation of the function and the monitoring of
large-scale projects.

Executive Management is involved in the planning and supervision
process as well as in preparing the period close.

The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of accounting
and financial information. It approves the annual accounts and
reviews the interim accounts. It is supported by the Audit
Committee, as described in Chapter 2, Section 1.2.3 of this
document (pages 67 to 69).


--- Page 36 ---

b. Organisation of the accounting information system

Accounting

The configuration and maintenance of the accounting and financial
information system are centralised at Group level. Central teams
manage access permissions, which are updated at least once a year.
The granting of these permissions is validated by Finance teams at
the subsidiaries.

All Group companies prepare, at a minimum, complete quarterly
financial statements on which the Group bases its published
quarterly revenue figures and interim financial statements.

Monthly cash flow forecasts for the entire year are prepared for all
companies and consolidated at Group level.

Accounting policies and presentation

The accounting policies applied within the Group are presented in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements. At each balance
sheet date, the Audit Committee ensures that these policies and
presentation have been applied by the Finance Department and
the Statutory Auditors.

The proper use of the percentage-of-completion method to
value ongoing projects is monitored on a permanent basis jointly
by the Industrial Department and by the Finance Department
(Financial Controllers).

11.2.2. PREPARATION OF THE PUBLISHED
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

a. Reconciliation with the internal management system
accounting data

All Group entities prepare a monthly budget, a monthly operating
statement and revised monthly forecasts.

The budget process, which is short in duration, takes place in the
last quarter of the year. This is a key stage. It is the opportunity to
apply the strategy approved by the Executive Committee, to adapt
the organisation to developments in business segments and market
demand, and to assign quantitative and qualitative objectives to
all Group entities. Budgets, including detailed monthly operating
forecasts, are prepared by each unit at this event.

Each Group entity prepares a monthly operating statement closed
on the third working day of the following month.

Finally, a revised operating statement prepared each month
includes the results of the previous month and a revised forecast
for the remaining months of the current year.

All documents produced are combined with numerous management
indicators related to the business (utilisation rate, selling prices,
average salary), human resources, invoicing and receipts, etc.

Sales metrics (prospects, contracts in progress, signings, etc.),
client invoicing and cash receipts are analysed at the management
meetings organised by the management control system
described above.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Internal control and risk management procedures

The results derived from the monthly management reporting
documents are verified by Financial Controllers reporting to the
Finance Department, who also reconcile this data with the quarterly
accounting results in the general ledgers.

b. Procedures for the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements

Each company establishes quarterly financial statements and

prepares a consolidation pack.

For each of the companies falling within the scope of the
audit of consolidated financial statements, the Statutory Auditors
examine the interim and annual consolidation packs. Once
approved, they are used by the Group Finance Department and
the consolidated financial statements are examined by the Group's
Statutory Auditors.

c. Procedure for signing off the financial statements

The interim and annual consolidated financial statements are
presented to Executive Management by the Finance Department.

As part of their annual accounts close-out at 31 December, the
financial statements of Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiaries
undergo a legal audit by the Statutory Auditors in order to be
certified. A limited review is also performed on 30 June.

As part of its assignment to monitor the legal control of the
financial statements, the Audit Committee takes note of the
Statutory Auditors’ work and conclusions during the review of the
interim and annual financial statements.

The Audit Committee examines the financial statements, notably
in order to review the Company's exposure to risks, verify that the
procedures for gathering and controlling information guarantee its
reliability, and ensure that accounting policies have been applied
consistently and appropriately. It gathers comments from the
Statutory Auditors.

The Group's financial statements are then presented to the Board
of Directors for approval.

d. Financial communications

The Financial Communications and Investor Relations Department,
which is supervised by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
manages the Group’s financial communications.

The Group communicates financial information via several different
means, notably:

= press releases;

= the Registration Document and the various reports and disclosures
that it contains;

= the presentation of the interim and annual financial statements.

All of this information is made available online on the Group's
website.

The Registration Document is filed with the AMF after being
audited by the Statutory Auditors.

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

49


--- Page 37 ---

50

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Report of the Statutory Auditors pursuant to Article L. 225-235 of the French Commercial Code on the Report of the Chairman of the

Board of Directors of Sopra Steria Group

Report of the Statutory Auditors pursuant to
Article L. 225-235 of the French Commercial
Code on the Report of the Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Sopra Steria Group

To the Shareholders,

In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of Sopra Steria Group, and in

compliance with the provisions of Article L. 225-235 of the French

Commercial Code, we hereby present our report on the Report of

the Chairman of the Board of Directors, pursuant to the provisions

of Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code, in respect of

the financial year ended 31 December 2016.

It is the responsibility of the Chairman to draw up and submit

for the approval of the Board of Directors a report on internal

control and risk management procedures implemented by the

Company that also provides the other disclosures required by

Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code, in particular

those related to corporate governance.

It is our responsibility to:

= present to you any observations that we have on the basis
of the information contained in the Chairman’s report on
internal control and risk management procedures relating to
the preparation and processing of accounting and financial
information; and

= certify that the report includes any other disclosures required
by Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code, with the
understanding that it is not our responsibility to verify the fair
presentation of this information

We performed our assignment in accordance with professional

standards applicable in France.

INFORMATION ON INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE
PREPARATION AND PROCESSING OF ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Professional standards require that we carry out work designed to
assess the truth and fairness of the information in the Chairman
of the Board of Directors’ report on the internal control and
risk management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of accounting and financial information

Registration Document 2016 - Sopra Steria

In particular, this work involved

= obtaining an understanding of the internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of financial and accounting information underlying
the information set out in the Chairman’s report, as well as
existing documentation;

= obtaining an understanding of the work performed to support
the information given in the report and existing documentation;

= determining whether any significant deficiencies in the internal
control procedures relating to the preparation and processing of
financial and accounting information that we may have observed
in the context of our engagement are properly reported in the
Chairman’s report.

On the basis of the work that we performed, we have no comment
to make on the information on the Company's internal control
and risk management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of accounting and financial information, contained in
the Report of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and prepared
in compliance with the provisions of Article L. 225-37 of the French
Commercial Code.

OTHER INFORMATION
We hereby certify that the Report of the Chairman of the
Board of Directors includes the other disclosures required by
Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code.
Paris and Courbevoie, 12 April 2017
The Statutory Auditors

Auditeurs & Conseils Associés Mazars

ACA Nexia

Olivier Juramie Bruno Pouget
