

--- Page 1 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Risk management

186

The diversity of the Group's businesses and its many sites across
the globe expose it to a variety of risks that could have a material
impact on its earnings, image or share price

4.1 RISK MANAGEMENT

411 Methodology

Safran has defined an enterprise risk management (ERM) policy,
the principles of which are consistent with the recommendations
of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des Marchés
Financiers - AMF), the provisions of the AFEP-MEDEF Corporate
Governance Code (as revised in November 2016), and professional
standards (COSO ERM).

The Group's enterprise risk management system is applied across
all of its businesses in accordance with the governance rules
applicable to the Group's different entities.

Risk management draws on a methodological approach common
to all entities and rolled out through a network of experts.

This system is designed to identify the Group’s major risk
exposures, quantify their impact on the achievement of objectives,
and ensure that adequate measures and actions are implemented
to bring the Group's exposure to an acceptable level. The risk
management policy falls under the responsibility of each entity
and of the central corporate departments, and is embedded in all
organizational processes.

41.2 Organization

The Risk and Insurance Department reports to the Group Chief
Financial Officer and is responsible for implementing the Group's
risk management policy. The Risk and Insurance Department
develops methodological techniques and processes to ensure
consistent handling of risks by companies and corporate
departments. All people involved in risk management within the
Group have the same risk manual organized by process, level of
impact, frequency, probability and control. Detailed guidance is
also prepared for the analysis of certain risks.

The Risk and Insurance Department sets risk management
maturity objectives for first-tier entities. Risk management in newly
acquired entities forms part of the action plans that the Risk and
Insurance Department requires first-tier entities to set up within
the context of the integration plan.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

These risks are identified and managed as part of an enterprise
risk management system and within the framework of audit and
internal control procedures (see section 6.7).

Each risk factor identified is analyzed and forms the basis for
various risk scenarios charted along three axes: impact, probability
of occurrence and level of control.

The impact and probability of each risk are assessed in terms of
their direct and indirect impact over the selected timeframe, based
ona realistic worst-case scenario identified in the risk register. The
level of control, essential in characterizing the risk and the way it
is to be managed, is then determined.

Risks are managed through action plans that may include steps to
be taken, additional controls to be implemented or investigations
into financial transfers or transfers of liability, particularly involving
insurance policies which are reviewed on a recurring basis.

An owner is designated for each risk identified and is responsible
for drafting action plans and ensuring their implementation.
The objective is to provide continuous risk oversight to ensure
optimum treatment.

The entire risk management approach is periodically reviewed

The Risk and Insurance Department also coordinates the risk
manager network. Regular meetings are held to share best
practices and identify emerging risks. Task forces are set up on
the basis of priorities approved by the Group Risk Committee.

Each first-tier entity (see sections 1.1.3 and 1.1.4) has a risk manager
who prepares a risk mapping that is subsequently reviewed during
the two annual Risk Committee meetings also involving the Risk
and Insurance Department.

Each quarter, the risk managers of first-tier entities submit a
series of indicators to the Risk and Insurance Department (major
risk mapping with the corresponding level of control, maturity of
the risk management process). Once a year, the risk managers
also submit a report on the organization of the risk management
process within their respective operational perimeter. The Risk
and Insurance Department also periodically meets with the risk
manager of each first-tier entity in order to discuss his/her work
and risk metrics.


--- Page 2 ---

First-tier entity risk managers are tasked with implementing the
risk management process for their entire operational perimeter,
ie., in their companies as well as in their subsidiaries. They appoint
a risk representatives’ network as appropriate to ensure coverage
of the entire scope of their operations.

Each of Safran’s central corporate departments also prepares
a mapping of the main risks in its scope. They all have a risk
representative who ensures that the risk management approach
is respected by management and who verifies consistency of
the risk mapping and the associated action plans of the different
corporate departments within first-tier entities falling under his/
her responsibility. The Risk and Insurance Department is also
involved in this work.

41.3 Risk management bodies

The following bodies coordinate the integrated risk management
system:

F the Risk Committees of first-tier entities;
F the Group Risk Committee;
F the Board of Directors’ Audit and Risk Committee.

Internal procedures require regular meetings of first-tier entities
and Group Risk Committees.

Risk Committees of first-tier entities

Each first-tier entity has a Risk Committee comprising the entity's
legal representative and its main senior managers. This Committee
is chaired by the entity's legal representative and led by its risk
manager.

Entity Risk Committees are responsible for:

F rolling out the Group's risk management policy within their
operational perimeter;

F validating the entity’s risk mapping and the corresponding
control measures;

F’ providing reasonable assurance that the risk management
process is effective;

F validating the crisis prevention, crisis alert and crisis
management system.

RISK FACTORS 4 |
Risk management

Finally, the Risk and Insurance Department prepares a consolidated
mapping of major risks to which the Group is exposed using these
risk mappings and the detailed analyses of the major risks facing
first-tier entities, with input from the risk representatives of the
central corporate departments.

The Group risk mapping therefore guarantees the overall
consistency of risk assessments and the associated action plans.

The risk mapping and associated action plans are updated every
six months and validated by the Group Risk Committee. The Risk
and Insurance Department then presents this risk mapping to the
Board of Directors’ Audit and Risk Committee.

Group Risk Committee

The Group Risk Committee is composed of the Chief Executive
Officer and Group corporate officers. It is headed up by the Chief
Executive Officer and led by the Risk and Insurance Department
director.

The Committee regularly reviews risk identification, assessment
and treatment, and therefore the control of major risks.

More specifically, its duties include:
F approving the risk management policy;

F- validating the Group risk mapping and the corresponding
control measures;

F- providing reasonable assurance that the risk management
process is effective;

F validating the crisis prevention, crisis alert and crisis
management system.

The Board of Directors’ Audit and Risk
Committee

The composition and duties of this Committee are set out in
section 6.3.3 of this Registration Document.

In terms of risk management, the Board of Directors’ Audit and
Risk Committee reviews the risk mapping and the work related to
the main risks faced by the Group, as presented to it twice a year
by the Risk and Insurance Department.

The Committee reports to the Board of Directors on its risk
management work at the same intervals.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

187


--- Page 3 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Risk factors

188

4.2 RISK FACTORS

The major risks identified that could impact the Group's businesses
and financial position as of the date this Registration Document
was filed are outlined below. Safran carries out its business in a fast-
changing environment that exposes it to risks and uncertainties
beyond those associated with its businesses.

If the risks described below were to materialize, this could have
a negative impact on Safran’s businesses, financial position,
earnings, outlook or share price.

Other risks not yet identified or whose occurrence the Group
considers would not have a material adverse impact could also
exist at the date of this Registration Document.

The information set out below is based on assumptions and
forecasts that may prove inaccurate owing to their very nature.

The environment in which the Group operates generates:

F risks relating to the changes in the competitive landscape;
F financial market risks;

F legal and regulatory risks.

As the Group conducts its business, it is exposed to:

F- operational risks;

F' risks relating to the Group’s evolution;

F human resources risks.

4.21 Risks relating to the environment in which

the Group operates

4.2.1.1 Risks relating to the changes
in the competitive landscape

POLITICAL UNCERTAINTIES

In the Aerospace, Defense and Security segments, certain
contracts are closed to foreign competition or are awarded based
on strategic national security and independence considerations.
Moreover, the transfer and/or export of defense equipment
is prohibited by law in several countries including France and
may only take place further to governmental or other special
authorizations which require strict compliance with export
regulations.

The development of Safran’s activities and sites worldwide
exposes the Group to political risks specific to certain countries
that could impact its activities and earnings.

In the face of these political uncertainties, Safran has a Group
International and Public Affairs Department that coordinates
any measures that need to be taken, particularly in the fields of
trade compliance, export and customs controls and ethics (see
sections 5.211, 5.2.2, 5.2.3 and 5.2.4).

CHANGES IN ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

The macroeconomic and aeronautical program assumptions
determined by the Group take into consideration the economic
conditions observed as of the date of the Registration Document
and are taken into account when preparing the budget and the
medium-term business development plan.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

Action plans are elaborated on the basis of these assumptions and
approved by the Group Risk Committee according to the approach
set out in section 41.

Changes in the global economy have a direct impact on demand
for air transport and freight, which in turn directly affects market
demand for commercial aircraft. To meet the fluctuations in aircraft
demand from airline companies, aircraft manufacturers may adjust
their output rates, which would have a direct impact on the original
equipment business of suppliers of engines and aircraft parts
like Safran. Similarly, the decrease in air traffic as a result of a
deteriorating economic or geopolitical environment could also
impact the volume of sales and Group services, including MRO
and spare part sales.

Should the economic climate deteriorate, Safran’s assumptions and
action plans would be adjusted accordingly. In order to deal with
this risk, periodic specific Steering Committees have been set up
within the Group covering customers, suppliers and the market
(see sections 1.2, 1.4, 1.5 and 1.8).

IMPACT OF THE AVIATION CYCLE

Commercial aircraft orders tend to by cyclical in nature, owing
mainly to

F changes in air traffic;
F the rate at which aircraft fleets age and are replaced;
Fairline companies’ investment decisions and financial capacity.

Exceptional events such as terrorism, pandemics, aviation disasters,
adverse meteorological or geophysical conditions could also cause
a temporary drop in air traffic and hence impact the civil aircraft
engine, aircraft equipment, maintenance and services markets.


--- Page 4 ---

Safran is currently enjoying strong cyclical demand, primarily as a
result of many airline companies replacing their fleets.

In 2016, civil aviation activities accounted for approximately 70%
of the Group's adjusted consolidated revenue. Safran has a large
fleet of engines in service, including some 29,400 CFMS6 engines
which have equipped most of the 100+ seater single-aisle aircraft
delivered to airline companies in the last 30 years. The increase in
the age of the installed base of engines and associated equipment
enables the Group to generate service revenue representing
around 48% of Aerospace revenue.

Safran’s capacity to ramp up production to fulfil orders will
depend on its ability to manage its internal and external supply
chain (see section 4.2.21, “Supplier and partner risks”). Robust
investment programs and action plans have been deployed for
this very purpose and in order to limit any malfunctions that could
arise. Safran also seeks to ensure that its production resources are
adapted to long-term trends in demand.

Continuous improvement initiatives within the framework of
Safran’s quality performance approach (see section 1.9) and
the deployment of the Group's strategy (see section 1.2), aimed
particularly at achieving optimal diversity of its portfolio of
businesses, round out the measures put in place to limit the
impacts of this risk.

COMPETITION

Safran faces fierce competition in all of its businesses, from both
global and international players and from niche players in certain
markets. It seeks to maintain and sharpen its technological edge at
all times, thanks to sustained R&D spending with a particular focus
on segments where the product development cycle is unusually
long.

To limit the impact of competition risk, Safran not only deploys
its strategy with a view to diversifying the portfolio of businesses
(see section 1.2), but also continues to make targeted investments
in R&D (see section 1.5) and in select external growth transactions.
It also develops partnerships on a number of programs (see
section 1.3). These partnerships may take the form of joint ventures
set up in full compliance with the anti-trust laws applicable in all
markets and countries in which they operate.

4.2.1.2 Financial market risks

The main risks hedged using the Group's financial instruments are
foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, listed commodity price risk,
equity risk, counterparty risk and liquidity risk.

FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK

The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk, defined as the
impact on its balance sheet and income statement of fluctuations
in exchange rates during the conduct of its operating and financial
activities.

RISK FACTORS 4 |
Risk factors

Most Aerospace Propulsion and Aircraft Equipment revenue is
denominated in US dollars, which is virtually the sole currency
used in the civil aviation industry. The net excess of revenues over
operating expenses for these activities totaled USD 7.5 billion for
2016,

To protect its earnings, the Group implements a hedging policy
(see below) with the aim of reducing uncertainty factors affecting
profitability and allowing it to adapt its cost structure to a volatile
monetary environment.

The Group's earnings are exposed to the risk of fluctuations in the
EUR/USD exchange rate as a result of its US dollar-denominated
assets and liabilities which are set out in section 3.1 of this
Registration Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives”).

Shareholders’ equity is also exposed to the risk of fluctuations in
the EUR/USD exchange rate on the Group’s investments in US
businesses which are disclosed in section 3.1 (Note 33, “List of
consolidated companies”) of this Registration Document.

Hedging policy

Two basic principles underscore the foreign currency risk
management policy defined by Safran for most of its subsidiaries:

F- to protect the Group's economic performance from random
fluctuations in the US dollar;

F to optimize the quality of hedging whenever possible,
without jeopardizing the Group's economic performance (first
principle),

Protecting economic performance means setting a minimum
USD exchange rate parity over an applicable term. Minimum parity
corresponds to a USD exchange rate that allows Safran to meet its
operating profit targets. Hedging arrangements have been made
accordingly, over a four-year timeframe.

Foreign currency risk on the Group's investments in US businesses
is hedged using net investment hedges of some of these entities,
as disclosed in section 3.1 (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives”).

Management policy

The hedging policy is based on managing the financial instrument
portfolio so that the exchange rate parity does not fall below a
pre-defined minimum threshold.

In building up its hedging portfolio, the Group primarily uses
forward sales, accumulators and a combination of barrier options
and other options.

Optimization measures are also used with a view to improving the
minimum exchange rate parity, and seek to protect the Group's
economic performance at all times. They are based on products
that allow the Group to take advantage of any improvement in the
underlying exchange rate parities, without calling into question the
original minimum threshold.

These products consist chiefly of forward purchases, accumulators
and a combination of barrier options and other options.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

189


--- Page 5 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Risk factors

190

Hedging portfolio

The Group's hedging portfolio is described in section 3.1
(Note 27, “Management of market risks and derivatives”) of this
Registration Document.

The Group has hedged its entire USD exposure for 2017 and 2018
at a rate of 1.21 (2017) and 1.18 (2018).

The Group has continued its exposure hedging strategy for 2019.
At February 6, 2017, the hedging portfolio for 2019 amounted
to USD 2.7 billion, of which USD 0.3 billion in forward sales and
USD 2.4 billion in options with knock-out barriers set at various
levels above 1.18. Provided that the EUR/USD exchange rate
remains below 1.25 in 2017, the performance of all instruments
in the portfolio should allow the Group to gradually increase the
2019 portfolio to USD 8.0 billion, with a target hedging rate of
between 115 and 118.

The Group has begun to hedge its projected net exposure
for 2020. At February 6, 2017, the hedging portfolio for 2020
represented USD 1.5 billion in options with knock-out barriers set
at various levels above 1.18. Provided that the EUR/USD exchange
rate remains below 1.25 up to the middle of 2018, the performance
of all instruments in the portfolio should allow the Group to
gradually increase the 2020 portfolio to USD 5.5 billion, with a
target hedging rate of between 1.13 and 118.

The knock-out barrier option expires if the spot exchange rate
climbs above the knock-out rate during the window in which the
option is active, and the value of the hedging portfolio is then
reduced by the notional value of the disabled option.

For the record, the estimated annual exposure of approximately
USD 7.5 billion for 2017 depends on budgeted sales figures, and is
regularly reviewed for each year covered by the foreign currency
risk hedging policy.

A one-cent change in the EUR/USD exchange rate parity on the
hedged rate has an impact of around €50 million on adjusted
profit from operations.

Sensitivity

The following tables present the sensitivity of the main income
statement aggregates to a 5% increase or decrease in the EUR-USD
exchange rate (average and closing exchange rates). The first table

shows adjusted data, the second consolidated data. The sensitivity
analysis takes account of:

F the translation effect, i.e., the impact of changes in the
EUR-USD exchange rate on the translation into euros of the
results of entities whose functional currency is the US dollar;

F the transaction effect, i.e., the impact of changes in the
EUR-USD exchange rate on USD transactions carried out by
entities whose functional currency is the euro, and on the value
of the EUR/USD hedging portfolio.

The sensitivity of equity to a 5% increase or decrease in the
EUR/USD closing exchange rate affecting the net investment
hedge of some of its US entities is presented in section 3.1 (Note 27,
“Management of market risks and derivatives") of this Registration
Document.

Adjusted data

(in € millions) 2015* 2016
EUR/USD exchange rate change assumptions -5% +5% -5% +5%
Average exchange rate 111 111
Average exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.05 1.17 1.05 1.16
Closing rate 1.09 1.05

Closing exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.03 114 1.00 1.11
Revenue 338 (306) 356 (322)
Profit (loss) from operations 9 (8) 9 (8)
Financial income (expense) 13 a2) 4 (4)
Profit (loss) before tax 22 (20) 13 (12)
Non-adjusted consolidated data

(in € millions) 2015* 2016
EUR/USD exchange rate change assumptions -5% +5% -5% +5%
Average exchange rate 111 111
Average exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.05 1.17 1.05 1.16
Closing rate 1.09 1.05

Closing exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.03 114 1.00 1.11
Revenue 644 (583) 660 (97)
Profit (loss) from operations 315 (285) 314 (284)
Financial income (expense) (2,068) 1,641 (2,114) 1,675
Profit (loss) before tax (4,753) 1,356 (1,800) 1,391

* The data published for 2015 have been restated to reflect the impact of applying IFRS 5 (see Note 3, “Restatement of 2015 comparative
information” and Note 28, “Discontinued operations and assets held for sale”).

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016


--- Page 6 ---

INTEREST RATE RISK

The Group's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates covers two
types of risk:

F price risk in respect of fixed-rate financial assets and liabilities.
Interest rate fluctuations impact the market value of these
assets and liabilities;

F’ cash flow risk in respect of floating-rate financial assets and
liabilities. Interest rate fluctuations have a direct impact on the
Group's earnings.

Within the framework of its general risk management policy, the
Group arbitrates between these two types of risks using financial
instruments specific to fixed-income markets (interest rate swaps
and options, etc.).

Euro interest rate risk

An interest rate swap was taken out to convert the fixed rate
payable on the €200 million bond issue carried out in the first-half
2014 and maturing in April 2024 to a floating rate.

Exposure to euro interest rate risk is presented in section 3.1
(Note 27, “Management of market risks and derivatives”) of this
Registration Document.

USD interest rate risk

The interest rate on the Group's February 9, 2012 issue of
USD 1.2 billion in senior unsecured notes on the US private
placement market has also been partially converted to a floating
rate. Floating-rate borrower/fixed-rate lender USD swaps were
set up on the 10-year and 12-year tranches, for USD 540 million
and USD 505 million, respectively. The 7-year tranche for
USD 155 million has been kept at a fixed rate,

Exposure to USD interest rate risk is presented in section 3.1
(Note 27, “Management of market risks and derivatives”) of this
Registration Document.

Sensitivity
A 1% (100 basis point) rise in interest rates would have a minimal

impact on the cost of debt (versus an increase of €5 million in the
cost of debt in 2015).

COMMODITY RISK

Starting in 2009, the Group's policy had been to hedge its
exposure to fluctuations in the price of certain listed commodities
(nickel, platinum and oil). The policy sought to protect the Group's
economic performance from commodity price volatility.

The Group decided to unwind all of its commodity hedges ahead
of maturity at the end of 2016 as this risk was not deemed material
for the Group.

EQUITY RISK

Safran is exposed to fluctuations in the stock market price of the
Embraer share, which is the only listed security held by the Group.

A 5% decrease in the price of this share would have had a net
negative impact of €2 million on equity at end-2016 (negative
€3 million impact at end-2015).

RISK FACTORS 4 |
Risk factors

COUNTERPARTY RISK

The Group is exposed to counterparty risk on the following
F short-term financial investments;

F derivatives;

I trade receivables;

F financial guarantees granted to customers.

Financial investments are diversified and consist of blue-chip
securities that are traded with top-tier banks.

The sole purpose of the Group's derivative transactions is to
reduce the overall exposure to foreign currency, interest rate and
commodity risks resulting from its ordinary business activities.
Transactions are either carried out on organized markets or over-
the-counter with top-tier intermediaries.

The counterparty risk taken into account in pricing derivatives
is not material (section 3.1 - Note 1y, “Derivatives and hedge
accounting” of this Registration Document).

Counterparty risk related to trade receivables is limited due to the
large number of customers in the portfolio and their geographical
diversity.

The Group may be exposed to delayed payment risk on civil
and military contracts, particularly as regards its government
customers, and this may adversely impact its free cash flow
targets.

The maturity schedule for trade and other receivables is set out
in section 3.1 (Note 16, “Trade receivables”) of this Registration
Document.

LIQUIDITY RISK

The Group looks to ensure that it has broad access to liquidity in
order to meet its obligations as they fall due. To do this, it borrows
from banks and capital markets, thereby exposing it to liquidity
risk if all or part of these markets were to dry up.

Safran's business requires it to have access to external sources of
financing and the availability of such financing depends ona variety
of factors such as market conditions and the macroeconomic
environment. A deterioration in the financial markets (capital or
bank debt markets) could lead to an increase in borrowing costs
or even restricted access to financing for both Safran and for its
competitors.

Furthermore, lenders and/or investors could develop a negative
view of the Group's short- to medium-term financial prospects,
particularly if it were to incur losses, which could also affect its
future financing capacity.

Treasury management is centralized within the Group. Where
permitted by local legislation, all surplus cash is invested with,
and the financing requirements of subsidiaries met by, the parent
company on an arm's length basis. The central cash team manages
the Group's current and forecast financing requirements, and
ensures it has the ability to meet its financial commitments while
maintaining a level of available cash funds and confirmed credit
facilities commensurate with its scale and debt repayment profile.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

191


--- Page 7 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Risk factors

192

Surplus cash is managed with two principles in mind:
I safeguarding the amounts invested at all times;

F optimizing investment yields whenever possible, without
jeopardizing the investments themselves.

Since the Group had an undrawn, confirmed liquidity line at
December 31, 2015, it is relatively insensitive to liquidity risk. This
€2,520 million line was set up in December 2015 and expires in
December 2020. It includes two successive one-year extension
options, one of which was exercised in late 2016, extending
maturity to 2021. This line is not subject to any financial covenants.

A number of financial covenants apply to the EIB borrowings set
up in 2010. The following two ratios apply:

T net debt/EBITDA <2.5;
F net debt/total equity <1

The “net debt/EBITDA <2.5” covenant also applies to the senior
unsecured notes issued on the US private placement market.

The terms “net debt”, “EBITDA” and “total equity” used in
connection with the EIB borrowings and the US private placement
(USPP) are defined as follows:

F net debt: borrowings (excluding borrowings subject to specific
conditions) less marketable securities and cash and cash
equivalents;

F’ EBITDA: the sum of profit (loss) from operations and the
net charge to depreciation, amortization and provisions for
impairment of assets (calculated based on adjusted data);

F total equity: equity attributable to owners of the parent and
non-controlling interests.

The maturity schedule for financial liabilities (excluding derivatives
with a negative fair value) is set out in section 3.1 (Note 23, “Interest-
bearing financial liabilities”) of this Registration Document.

4.2.1.3 Legal and regulatory risks

From a legal standpoint, Safran is exposed to the risk of claims
resulting from alleged non-compliance with certain contractual
obligations in its relations with third parties. If any such claims are
made, they are examined by the Legal Department so that it can
best defend the Group's interests.

Aside from the main legal risks identified and disclosed in the
“Contingent liabilities arising on ordinary activities” section of the
note on off-balance sheet commitments (see section 3.1, Note 31)
and in the section on “Disputes and litigation” (see section 3.1,
Note 32) of this Registration Document, based on an analysis of
the legal risks to which the Group is exposed, no other probable
or material risks were identified.

The Group is also exposed to the risk that it fails to comply with
applicable regulations. Regarding export controls for example, the
Group is bound by legislation and regulations issued by French and
international authorities, particularly the European Union and the
US. The same applies for anti-trust law, anti-corruption regulations,
and any embargoes and sanctions taken against countries in which
it does business.

To ensure that it complies with French and international
regulations, Safran has put in place action plans outlined in
section 5.2, “Perpetuating the integrity culture” of this Registration
Document. These action plans are designed to ensure that
Group companies report all claims or any potential cases of
non-compliance with applicable regulations, inform the authorities
concerned of any such cases identified, and take all the necessary
precautions to prevent similar cases arising in the future. To date,
the few instances of non-compliance with export rules voluntarily
brought to the attention of the authorities have been closed after
investigation, without damages. Concerning embargoes and
sanctions, particularly in the US, the Group ensures that it takes all
adequate and necessary measures to comply with all such regimes
affecting its operations.

4.2.2 Risks relating to Group business sectors

4.2.2.1 Operational risks
AIRCRAFT ACCIDENTS

Safran products are integrated in high-tech equipment with a
high unit price, especially civil and military aircraft, helicopters
and space launch vehicles. Safran may be held liable, for example,
for the malfunction, loss or accident of an aircraft, the death of
passengers, or the loss of operating capability by an airline or
helicopter operator.

As part of its risk management policy, Safran adopts a variety of
measures to limit risks relating to aircraft accidents. A description
of the focuses identified by the Group Quality Department is
provided in section 1.9 of this Registration Document. Safran has
huge obligations in terms of air safety and is required to have a
highly effective, demanding quality-focused management system.
The effectiveness of this system along with the related action plans
have led to Safran obtaining airworthiness agreements (or having
such agreements renewed) and 9100-certification for first-tier

(@ Quick Response Quality Control.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

companies. In addition, dedicated progress plans, which include
roll-out of the @RQC® method, allow quality issues to be dealt with
close to source and remedied as quickly as possible.

DELAYS, PROGRAM DEVELOPMENT
AND INDUSTRIALIZATION

Aircraft manufacturers may encounter difficulties in meeting
their program schedules or even keeping programs going.
Delays in production schedules for new aircraft may lead to the
postponement of deliveries, including Safran equipment deliveries,
and impact the timing of the Group’s revenue. In certain cases,
delays specific to developments under Safran’s responsibility can
lead it to pay damages to the stakeholders concerned. The Group
may be held liable for these delays. Delays can also lead to Safran
collecting cash later than forecast, thereby impacting the Group's
cash and potentially its profitability. This may lead it to write off
assets recognized in respect of those programs.


--- Page 8 ---

For example, the Silvercrest engine selected by Dassault Aviation
to power its Falcon 5x jet incorporates leading-edge technologies
to offer unrivaled performance, with very high targets in terms
of fuel consumption, reliability and respect for the environment.
Tests carried out on the engine revealed that further developments
were needed, pushing the engine’s certification schedule back
to the second half of 2018, 18 months later than the previous
schedule. Safran took a write-off on the full amount of the
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets relating to
this program. The Group has also booked provisions to cover all
of its contractual commitments, especially the fines due in respect
of the development phase (see section 3.1, Note 20).

Safran continued to deploy its program management initiatives,
primarily through its “One Safran” quality management system (see
section 1.9). This system provides project teams with a framework
(known as “PROMPT"®) as well as methods and applications for
enhancing program management processes. PROMPT is based on
five “golden rules”: keeping the Program Management Plan (PMP)
up to date, meeting expectations of all stakeholders, planning and
meeting technical objectives, steering performance and managing
risks. It has been rounded out by a Program Management guide
of best practices and rules to be respected, charted on a maturity
grid that enables each program manager to conduct an annual
self-assessment of the risks faced and the measures taken

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

The Group applies very strict quality and safety standards in the
design and manufacture of its high-tech products and associated
services.

Thanks to robust processes and high-level oversight of certain
key aspects (such as ramp-up), program management enables
the Group to ensure a smooth transition between the different
programs (see section 4.2.2.1 “Delays, program development and
industrialization”). Details of the CFMS6/LEAP transition plan are
set out in chapter 1 (see section 1.3.11, “Mid-thrust engines for civil
aircraft") and chapter 2 (see section 21.3.1, “Mid-thrust engines for
civil aircraft (short-to medium-haul)"). The CFMS6/LEAP transition
plan has been subject to this high-level oversight. It has been
presented to the markets, and more recently at Safran’s Capital
Markets Day, held on March 14, 2016.

Quality failures or shortcomings in Safran’s equipment, systems
or technology could result in costly claims for damages from
customers, partners or third parties (product recalls, upgrade
campaigns or retrofits), lost revenue and/or a loss of its commercial
standing. Safran's image may also be affected,

In order to best manage this risk, Safran has deployed a range
of quality-focused initiatives, as described in section 1.9 of this
Registration Document.

SUPPLIER AND PARTNER RISKS

Generally speaking, Safran works in cooperation with partners
and suppliers in the majority of its businesses. Events likely to

(® Safran’s program management framework.

RISK FACTORS 4 |
Risk factors

affect its partners and suppliers could have an impact on Safran's
business activities.

Supplier risks

Supplier difficulties or default, even when robustness was one
of the key criteria for Safran’s selection, could impact the supply
chain, resulting in additional costs or production delays that would
affect the Group.

To address this risk, the Group Purchasing Department
conducts a monthly review of potentially problematic suppliers
with a designated manager and associated action plans. For
non-production purchases, Safran has put in place a central
purchasing strategy (see section 1.8) in the form of pooled facilities
at a Shared Services Center in line with the Group's objectives of
excellence, competitiveness and sustainable development.

The Group is also exposed to commodity availability and price
volatility risks, notably in respect of titanium, nickel alloys,
composite fibers, ammonium perchlorate and oil. To limit the
impact of these risks, the Group negotiates medium-term
procurement contracts with its suppliers, setting up dual-source
supply streams or building up appropriate inventories wherever
possible.

Since the end of 2014, for example, in order to reduce the risk of
embargoes on titanium supplies from Russia, Safran has built up
buffer stocks and systematic dual-source supply streams.

The volume of commitments undertaken by Group entities
corresponds to the planned increase in production over the
coming years. To protect its LEAP program in particular, Safran
has set up a dual-source supply approach, enabling it to secure
the supply chain

Partner risks

Safran is involved in several major strategic partnerships. If any of
these partnerships were not renewed, Safran’s businesses could
be affected.

A substantial proportion of Safran’s revenue is derived from
certain civil aircraft engine programs developed and manufactured
in cooperation with GE. In July 2008, Safran and GE signed an
agreement to extend their civil Aerospace Propulsion partnership
until 2040, which now includes operational maintenance services.
They also entered into an agreement for the development,
production and support of engine nacelles for future short- and
medium-haul aircraft.

To secure the supply chain, Safran and Albany (US) have two
plants, one in Rochester (New Hampshire, US) and one in
Commercy (Meuse, France), which manufacture composite parts
for new-generation aircraft engines. A third plant has been built
in Querétaro (Mexico) and is slated to start up production in 2017.

Safran is also involved in other partnerships, namely with Airbus
Group for space launchers (Airbus Safran Launcher joint venture),
NPO Saturn (PowerJet joint venture), Avic, MTU, Thales (Sofradir

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

193


--- Page 9 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Risk factors

194

and Optrolead), and Rolls-Royce (Aero Gearbox International for
power transmission systems for all future Rolls-Royce civil aircraft
engines).

These partnerships are set up in full compliance with the anti-trust
laws applicable in all markets and countries in which they operate
(see section 1.4).

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

All industrial activities generate risks, particularly health, safety
and environmental (HSE) risks. In each country where the
Group has operations, its activities are subject to environmental
legislation and regulations, particularly with respect to waste and
air, water and soil pollution. Legal and regulatory requirements
for environmental protection have become increasingly stringent
and the Group may have to incur significant costs to comply with
them. Due to its two Seveso facilities, the Group is also exposed
to risks such as rehabilitation costs that could be quite high.
Safran’s HSE policy is implemented within the framework of a
continuous improvement drive which aims to bolster its strategy
of anticipating and preventing potential risks in all of its activities.

Chapter 5 of this Registration Document on Corporate Social
Responsibility presents a range of HSE programs and initiatives,
enabling Safran to assess the carbon footprint of its activities
and to develop more innovative products and processes with
minimal impact on the environment. Moreover, based on the
analyses carried out, all risks are appropriately managed, including
as regards France's low-carbon strategy to which the Group
contributes via recent eco-friendly industrial investments. By
adhering to a digitalization policy, the Group also plays it part
in cutting back on greenhouse gas emissions (by encouraging
tele-commuting, limiting physical travel, optimizing its production
resources and therefore its energy consumption).

PERSONAL SAFETY RISKS

The Group's international scope may generate certain safety risks.
The Safety Department has set up a specific oversight organization
for each country to address these risks. The Group is constantly
assessing the risks of terrorism, armed conflict and confrontation
with criminal organizations. Its regions are classified according to
risk, each of which is associated with a series of specific prevention
and protection measures. The Group is assisted in this initiative
by the French government as well as specialist service providers.
An emergency operations center may be set up in response to a
specific situation and provide exceptional resources to operating
staff, for example resources to carry out an emergency repatriation.

DATA CONFIDENTIALITY RISKS

Safran is exposed to the risk of breaches of security in relation to
its industrial premises or data processing systems.

Data owned by the Group are critical in terms of technological
innovation, as well as strategy and key assets. Safran therefore

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

needs to have reasonable assurance that its intangible assets (data,
knowledge and expertise in particular) are adequately protected.

Faced with risks of unlawful attempts to gain access to confidential
information and threats to the security of installations, cyber threat
prevention is essential to ensure that the Group can continue in
operation

These cyber risks could lead to disruptions in IT services, causing
for example the loss of network on internal and external network
exchange platforms and the unavailability of messaging services,
or even breaches in the confidentiality or integrity of data hosted
by or transiting through the Group's information systems (loss,
destruction, theft, corruption).

In order to limit the impact of this risk, Safran has defined an
information system security policy which sets down a series of
organizational, technical and governance guiding principles. This
policy notably meets requirements set out in French regulations
on the protection of intangible assets contained in information
systems. Awareness-raising initiatives for all Group employees
are organized on a regular basis. Lastly, to respond to emerging
threats, Safran continually invests as needed in information system
protection, incident detection and event response, and security
warnings and alerts, and in regular reviews of their effectiveness.

4.2.2.2 Risks relating to the Group’s
evolution

TECHNOLOGICAL RISKS

The Group's markets typically undergo far-reaching technological
changes. Safran designs, develops and manufactures products and
services renowned for their advanced innovative and technological
content. The Group is exposed to the risk of competitors
developing products that offer a better technical performance, are
more competitive or are marketed earlier than those it develops.
This could affect Safran’s activities or financial position.

The actions taken by the Group to limit the impact of such risks
are outlined in section 1.5, “Research and development”.

The Group draws on the complementary scientific and technical
expertise provided by its partners (see section 1.5.2)

Safran has set up a pooled research unit focusing on upstream,
cross-functional technologies within Safran Tech, the Group's
research and technology center. Safran Tech is home to over
300 scientists and technologists and comprises several new
research sites and hubs, including the facilities at Safran
Composites (comprising around 100 specialists in composite
materials and organic chemistry) and Paris-Saclay.

In spring 2015, Safran created Safran Corporate Ventures, an
investment vehicle for start-ups aimed at supporting the upstream
development of innovative, high-potential technologies and
capturing benefits for the applications used by the Group.


--- Page 10 ---

For Safran, intellectual/industrial property (“IP”) is an intangible
asset of increasing importance in a context of globalized markets
and ever-fiercer competition

Safran may be exposed to a risk of breaches in its
intellectual/industrial property, regardless of whether or not it
is legally protected (unlawful use by a third party of products,
services or software). Safran may be unable to enforce its rights
(or to enforce its rights at a reasonable cost) and may therefore be
exposed to a variety of risks such as the loss of market share and
even damage to its reputation, particularly in the event of technical
problems arising as a result of the use of counterfeit products.

Safran’s efforts to protect its know-how and other confidential
information may prove inadequate and any unlawful access to
such information damaging for the Group.

The patents filed by Safran may also fail to dissuade competitors
from developing and marketing similar products and services.

To protect itself against this risk, Safran has set up a program to
raise awareness regarding IP protection and compliance, designed
particularly for technical personnel in teams participating in
international cooperation programs. An IP protection strategy has
been rolled out for each geographical region and country, based
on the classification of critical technologies and on an analysis
of the cost of protection with regard to the added value of the
particular IP for Safran.

Like other high-tech companies, Safran may be the subject of
claims for unintentional use of the intellectual/industrial property
of third parties without their prior consent.

Safran does its utmost to avoid such unintentional use,
particularly when the third party concerned is a customer,
partner, subcontractor or supplier. This risk could expose Safran to
substantial financial costs (disputes, fines, royalty payments, etc.).

To reduce the impact of this risk, Safran has put in place measures
to source and consider existing IP under legal protection when
it is developing its products, systems and services. Safran has
also brought in IP experts and specialists to help it review its
product design and technology readiness level (TRL). Measures
are also rolled out providing active oversight of competitor IP and
objection procedures are applied where necessary. Team training
sessions are also held.

These investments incurred to respond to the above actions are
designed to support Safran’s technological excellence in the above
fields that are crucial to its competitive edge.

UNCERTAINTY REGARDING RETURNS
ON INVESTMENTS

Safran’s businesses, and particularly aerospace research, require
investments that only produce returns in the long term. The
market and profitability assumptions determined by the Group
may not prove accurate, and the products resulting from these
investments may not enjoy sufficient commercial success to ensure
a return on the initial investment (drop in demand, shut-down
of a program). Capitalized R&D assets (excluding goodwill and
programs) recognized in the balance sheet at December 31, 2016
totaled approximately €2.7 billion (see section 3.1, Note 11), and
property, plant and equipment (mainly industrial investments)

RISK FACTORS 4 |
Risk factors

amounted to approximately €3.2 billion (see section 3.1, Note 12).
These amounts are net of accumulated depreciation, amortization
and impairment loss provisions.

Investment decisions are coordinated at Group level, based on
tried and tested guidelines and numerous evaluation criteria,
In addition, the Safran Innovation Department (see sections 1.5
and 1.6) is tasked to oversee the phase between technological
demonstrations and marketing.

DEPENDENCE ON PUBLIC PROCUREMENT
CONTRACTS

Safran conducts part of its business with governments, especially
in Defense markets in Europe, North America, Asia and the
Middle East. Government spending in these markets is subject to
trade-offs that are contingent on the geopolitical environment and
ever-stricter budgetary constraints. Budget cuts affecting many
of the Group's public customers can not only lead to delays in
orders placed or curtailments, postponements or cancellations in
the fulfillment of such orders and the related financing, but also
to a deterioration in advance payment plans. This could affect
Safran's businesses or financial position.

Safran’s strategy is based on a balanced portfolio of Civil Aviation
and Defense businesses. In 2016, approximately 20% of the Group's
adjusted consolidated revenue was derived from government
contracts. The broad geographical diversity of the Group's
businesses, particularly through its international sites, reflects
its customer diversification strategy which helps create a robust
business portfolio. This global strategy is also a means of reducing
the risk of dependency on government business.

ACQUISITION AND RESTRUCTURING RISKS

As part of its growth strategy, Safran may acquire, merge
and/or set up companies, enter into joint venture-type strategic
arrangements, or divest select non-core businesses. The Group has
devised procedures and controls to limit the risks inherent in such
transactions. Processes have been put in place to ensure that these
transactions meet the Group's strict financial criteria (debt, return
‘on capital employed, etc.). These may have a negative impact on
the Group's business, expected earnings or image should Safran
fail to integrate the businesses and employees of the acquired
entities, unlock the expected synergies and cost savings, or
maintain good trade or labor relations within the acquired entities
following changes in management or control. The Performance
and Competitiveness Department has put in place strict oversight
processes for these transactions to ensure that the synergies and
earnings obtained are in line with those forecast.

4.2.2.3 Human resources risks

The Group's different activities harness a wide range of employee
expertise and skills across many different sectors. As a result,
Safran is exposed to the risk of failing to find the appropriate skills
at the right time and in the right place that it needs to deploy its
strategy and complete its programs effectively.

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

195


--- Page 11 ---

a 4 RISK FACTORS
Insurance

196

In order to limit this risk, the Group continually strives to acquire,
retain, redeploy, bolster and renew the skills that it will need in the
future. It has developed a partnership strategy with top graduate
schools and scientific universities to recruit employees for its core
businesses and has also worked on promoting the Safran employer
brand. In addition, professional and geographical mobility
programs, talent identification systems, training, monitoring

4.3 INSURANCE

The Risk and Insurance Department identifies the accident risks to
which Group entities are exposed and puts in place the appropriate
insurance policies. This does not include personal risk insurance
or credit insurance.

The key accident risks are covered by worldwide multi-risk
policies spanning several years, negotiated with leading insurance
companies:

Fa “property damage and business interruption” policy providing
coverage for damage to industrial installations (buildings,
machines, inventories, etc.). The maximum payout under the
policy is €300 million, or up to €1.3 billion for certain individual
sites, excluding market-imposed sub-limits for certain risks
such as flooding, earthquakes and natural disasters;

PF’ “product third-party liability” policies covering the Group in the
event it is held liable for damages to third parties as a result
of an accident attributable to a delivered product no longer
owned or controlled by a Group entity;

SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

and career development are all used to boost the Group's
attractiveness as an employer. In this respect, Safran University
is essential in preparing the Group to meet the challenges of
tomorrow. Safran has also introduced employee profit-sharing
and equity and savings incentive schemes that foster employee
buy-in and loyalty. This policy is outlined in section 5.4 of this
Registration Document.

= aviation products:

the policies provide coverage totaling USD 2 billion per
annum that can be used during the year for aviation
products. Coverage for helicopter products is capped
at USD 1 billion, while coverage for terrorism totals
USD 1 billion;

= “land” products (excluding aviation businesses).

The policies provide coverage of €350 million per annum that can
be used during the year.

A captive reinsurance company owned by the Group participates
in the risk coverage scheme within the framework of “civil aviation
liability” and “property damage and business interruption”
insurance policies.

Local insurance programs are subscribed across the globe either
to cover specific risks or in response to local regulatory insurance
requirements


--- Page 12 ---



--- Page 13 ---

| Delivery of the first LEAP-1A-powered A320neo to Pegasus Airlines (July 2016).

EMPLOYEES WORLDWIDE
at December 31, 2016

66,490 a

NEW HIRES WORLDWIDE
IN 2016

More than 7,000 ica

HOURS OF TRAINING IN 2016
More than 1.6 million

FREQUENCY RATE OF OCCUPATIONAL
ACCIDENTS RESULTING IN LOST
WORKTIME IN 2016
(down from 2015)

2.2

NUMBER OF OCCUPATIONAL ACCIDENTS
RESULTING IN LOST WORKTIME
PER 1,000 EMPLOYEES IN 2016

(down from 2015)

4

SAFRAN AND SIX
OF ITS TIER-ONE COMPANIES
have received anti-corruption
certification since 2012

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES WHO RECEIVED
ON-SITE TRAINING WORLDWIDE IN 2016
on Safran’s compliance programs

More than 6,450

SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
managed by Safran

104

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Safran’s social responsibility program features six strategic focuses based on the main guidelines of the
ISO 26000 standard:

F guaranteeing better relations with stakeholders;

perpetuating the Group's integrity culture;

involving suppliers and partners;

developing human potential;

always aiming for excellence in safety and the protection of individuals and property;

11177

developing innovative products and processes with a lower environmental impact.

ETHICAL AND SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT

Safran has a set of values and ethical standards that are embraced by all of its employees. The Group
has a duty of vigilance that is integrated into all Company functions and guides the development of
its businesses in accordance with the highest international standards of business ethics, integrity and
professionalism. These values and ethical behavior are critically important and are intended to enable
the Group to remain worthy of the trust placed in it by all of its stakeholders. This is reflected in the
certifications obtained by Safran and its subsidiaries.

INVOLVING SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS

With the understanding that its suppliers contribute to driving its success, the Group maintains enduring
relationships with them built on trust, mutual expectations of high standards and a common quest for
performance. Safran’s purchasing policy guides them to grow, acquire skills and develop their innovative
capacity. The Group has also introduced a Responsible Supplier Relations label for all of its subsidiaries.

SAFRAN’S HUMAN RESOURCES POLICY

The Group's human resources (HR) policy focuses on three strategic areas:

F nurturing the best talent to serve innovation;

F’ promoting social responsibility;

F driving the Group’s international expansion and transformation.

The HR function has implemented major reforms to meet these goals and significantly boost its

collective performance, offering managers and employees greater support, more solutions and a better
understanding of the organization to which everyone contributes.

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT (HSE)
Safran aims for excellence in HSE.

So as to achieve this, Safran applies a sustainable HSE policy and drives a culture of anticipation and
prevention led from the highest level of the organization. This policy is in keeping with its approach to
continuously improve performance and is structured into steadfast commitments: preserving health and
safety for all, protecting the environment and integrating HSE requirements throughout the product life
cycle in line with the sustainable development issues that apply to its business activities.

CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND INDEPENDENT
THIRD PARTY REPORT

Safran has elected to have the social, environmental and community involvement information presented in its
report reviewed by one of its Statutory Auditors, Mazars, in accordance with Article 225 of the Grenelle 2 Act
and its implementing legislation. The Statutory Auditors obtained reasonable assurance for 14 of the social
indicators (identified by the symbol in this section) and limited assurance for a selection of 16 HSE indicators
and one social indicator, as well as reviewing ten qualitative themes. The nature and scope of the work of
the Statutory Auditors, and their conclusions, are presented in the report in section 5.7.2.

198 SAFRAN REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2016

NA

==

c
