

--- Page 1 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Introduction

EXMI INTRODUCTION

The information included in this section referring to the nature and
extent of risks arising from financial instruments and insurance and
reinsurance contracts as required by IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments:
Disclosures and IFRS 4 — Insurance Contracts, is an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2016.
As such, the corresponding information is audited.

The Group regularly conducts reviews of the risks that could have
a material adverse effect on its activity, its financial situation or
its results (or capacity to reach objectives), and considers that no
other significant risk than those disclosed in the section below
exists. This section outlines the management's current view
of SCOR’s main risks and main risk management mechanisms
currently in place.

The Group has identified the following risk categories:
e strategic risks;

e underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance
businesses;

e market risks;

© credit risks;

e liquidity risks;

© operational risks.

If the risks disclosed in this section were to occur, they could
potentially have a significant impact on SCOR's business, present
and future revenues, net income, cash flows, financial position,
and potentially, on its share price.

All risks described in Section 3 are managed through a variety
of mechanisms in SCOR’s ERM (Enterprise Risk Management)
Framework, whose main ones are also described below.

SCOR’s ERM framework is further described in Appendix A —
Report of the Chairman on the internal control which contains
a description of the Group risk management procedures as well
as the role and function of each administrative and management
body and team involved in risk management and related control
functions.

Although risk management mechanisms have been designed and
rolled out across the Group in order to prevent all risks from having

112 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

a significant impact, there is no guarantee that these mechanisms
achieve their intended objective. Many of SCOR’s methods for
managing risks and exposures are based on observed historical
market behavior, statistics based on historical models, or expert
judgment. As a result, these methods may not fully predict future
exposures, which may be significantly greater than estimated,
particularly in unstable or volatile markets and environments.
Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation
of information regarding markets, clients, natural catastrophes or
other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to
SCOR. This information may not always be accurate, complete,
up-to-date or properly evaluated.

SCOR may also be exposed to emerging risks, which include new
threats or constantly changing current risks with a high degree of
uncertainty. They may arise from the numerous changes to the
environment in which the Group operates, such as changes in
professional practices, or in legal, jurisdictional, regulatory, social,
political, economic, financial and/or environmental conditions.

Emerging risks may adversely affect SCOR’s reinsurance business
due to either a change in interpretation of the contracts leading
to extensions of covers beyond what policyholders had expected
(e.g. due to the inapplicability or interpretation of certain clauses)
or by increasing the frequency and/or severity of claims. Such
risks may also lead to higher fluctuations than expected in
macroeconomic indicators such as interest rates and price level,
or disruptions in financial markets, further impacting SCOR’s
business. In addition, emerging risks may also have a direct impact
on SCOR’s operations, for instance by generating unexpected
additional expenses. Examples of emerging risks include: cyber-
attacks, antimicrobial resistance, non-controlled bio-experiments,
climate change, electromagnetic fields, extreme social unrest and
Eurozone break-up.

Therefore, the Group cannot exclude the possibility of exceeding
SCOR‘s risk tolerance limits due to an incorrect estimation of its
risks and exposures. This may have an adverse impact on SCOR’s
business, present and future revenues, net income, cash flows,
financial position, and potentially, on SCOR’s share price.


--- Page 2 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

ERAN STRATEGIC RISK

Strategic risk can arise either from the strategy itself (such as
the accumulation of risks or development in lines of business
or less known markets), from external risks (such as an adverse
economic environment), or from internal risks (such as certain
causes of operational risk). Therefore, many of the risks discussed

Strategic risk <

throughout Section 3, including emerging risks, could also impact
the success of the strategy.

The main strategic risks to which SCOR is exposed are described
below.

3.2.1. RISKS RELATED TO THE MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

AFFECTING SCOR’S STRATEGY.

The main risks are the uncertain economic recovery that may affect
SCOR’s growth, in both emerging and advanced economies, and
the poor returns on financial markets exacerbating the adverse
competitive environment.

3.2.1.1. DIFFICULT CONDITIONS IN THE
GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS
AND DIFFICULT ECONOMIC
CONDITIONS MAY MATERIALLY
ADVERSELY AFFECT SCOR’S
BUSINESS AND OPERATING
RESULT

The Group's operating result could be materially affected by the
economic and financial situations in France and other countries
in continental Europe, the United Kingdom, the United States
of America and elsewhere around the world, particularly in
Latin America and Asia Pacific. Any continued deterioration
in macroeconomic trends could have an adverse effect on
SCOR’'s business and operating result, even more so as the
global economy is still in convalescence since the 2008 financial
crisis and remains vulnerable to negative economic, financial
and geo-political shocks fueled by ongoing tensions or open
conflicts in several global regions. In particular, the growing
debt of governments in advanced economies and of private
companies in emerging countries could generate significant
adjustments if the main central banks were to raise interest
rates. As a result, financial markets could enter a period of
high volatility, which could lead to adverse consequences such
as waves of company defaults, or a major liquidity crisis. The
financial situation in many Eurozone countries remains unstable
and downgrades of some states’ financial ratings have occurred.
SCOR cannot predict whether any of the other government
securities that it holds in its investment portfolio will be adversely
affected in the future by ratings downgrades, the continuing
debt crisis or other developments. For further information on
investments, see Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and
investment income on invested assets and Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments.

The global economy may suffer from a sharp shift in US monetary
policy, which could spur a rise in interest rates along the entire
yield curve. Financing conditions could thus deteriorate across

sectors and economies. In particular, emerging and developing
economies may suffer from capital outflows in the wake of any
US monetary normalization.

This difficult environment and the continuing market upheavals
may have an adverse effect on SCOR, from both an investment
and reinsurance business viewpoint. Furthermore, the economic
uncertainty might be compounded by recent political changes
such as the results of the Brexit referendum, the outcome of the
elections in the USA, Germany and France.

Impact on SCOR’s investment activities

SCOR has a large investment portfolio. In the event of extreme
prolonged market events, such as global credit crises, SCOR could
incur significant losses in its investment portfolio.

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments, which includes analyses
of unrealized and realized investment losses.

Even in the absence of a market downturn, SCOR remains
exposed to a substantial risk of losses due to market volatility.
See Section 3.4 — Market risk.

Impact on SCOR’s reinsurance business

SCOR is also dependent upon customer behavior and premium
growth. The Group's premiums are likely to decline in such
circumstances and its profit margins could erode. In an economic
downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower
household income, lower corporate earnings, lower business
investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for SCOR’s
and its clients’ products could be adversely affected. Factors such
as government and consumer spending, corporate investment,
the volatility and strength of both debt and equity markets, and
inflation, all affect the business and economic environment and
ultimately, the size and profitability of SCOR’s business.

In addition, the Group may experience an elevated incidence of
claims or be impacted by a decrease in demand for reinsurance and
increased surrenders of policies from the cedents (see paragraph
on lapse risk in Section 3.3.2 — Life reinsurance) that could affect
the current and future profitability of its business. Although
written premiums have seen steady growth in prior years, a
prolonged economic crisis could result in lower written premiums
in the future.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 113


--- Page 3 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Strategic risk

3.2.1.2. SCOR IS EXPOSED TO
SIGNIFICANT AND PROTRACTED
DEVIATIONS OF THE GENERAL
PRICE LEVEL FROM ITS TREND

The Group’s liabilities are exposed to a significant increase in
the rate of inflation (prices and salaries) which would require an
increase in the value of reserves, in particular in respect of P&C
long-tail business, e.g. general liability (medical among others)
and motor bodily injury claims. In addition, SCOR is exposed to
claims inflation over and above general inflation and in particular
to the inflation of court awards in respect of general liability and
bodily injury claims.

For further information on P&C long-tail reserve deterioration,
refer to Section 3.3.1 — P&C reinsurance.

SCOR‘s assets are also exposed to increased inflation or inflationary
expectations, accompanied by a rise in the yield curve with a
subsequent reduction in the market value of its fixed income
portfolios. Increased inflation could also have a negative impact on
the solvency of bond issuers; a widening of credit spreads would
lead to a loss of value for the issuers’ bonds. Finally, depending on
the macroeconomic environment, an increase in inflation could
also reduce the value of SCOR’s equity portfolio. Any negative
fluctuations in equity values would lead to a similar decrease in
shareholders’ equity.

Conversely, the Group’s liabilities could be exposed to a protracted
period of deflation which could exert a negative pressure on
reinsurance prices and decrease the value of new premiums.

A protracted period of deflation would also induce a decrease
in interest rates all along the yield curve and may therefore
negatively impact the returns on SCOR's fixed income assets. In
addition, the value of SCOR’s equity portfolio might be reduced
as deflation could reduce the future cash flows of the companies
whose stocks are part of the Group’s portfolio.

In conclusion, both high inflation and a protracted episode of
deflation could have a material adverse effect on SCOR.

3.2.1.3. MANAGEMENT
OF RISKS RELATED
TO THE MACROECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENT

These risks are monitored via a robust strategic planning approach
and regular risk reporting mechanisms throughout the Group,
including complementary risk analyses on ad-hoc topics, where
deemed necessary. Potential impacts on SCOR‘s risk profile are
managed through a variety of dedicated and transversal risk
management mechanisms. For more details on risk reporting
mechanisms and roles and responsibilities of SCOR’s main
governance bodies, see Appendix A — Report of the Chairman
of the Board of Directors.

3.2.2. RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT.

3.2.2.1. SCOR OPERATES IN A HIGHLY
COMPETITIVE SECTOR AND
WOULD BE ADVERSELY
AFFECTED BY LOSING
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
OR IF ADVERSE EVENTS
HAD AN IMPACT ON THE
REINSURANCE INDUSTRY

Reinsurance is a highly competitive sector. As is the case for all
other reinsurers, SCOR’s position in the reinsurance market is
based on several factors, such as its financial strength as assessed
by the rating agencies, its underwriting expertise, reputation and
experience in the lines written, the countries in which it operates,
the premiums charged, as well as the quality of the proposed
reinsurance products and services offered, particularly in terms
of claims payment. The Group competes for business in the
European, American, Asian and other international markets with

114 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

numerous international and domestic reinsurance companies,
some of which have a larger market share than SCOR, greater
financial resources, state backing, and, in certain cases, higher
ratings from the rating agencies.

Therefore, SCOR remains exposed to the risk of losing its
competitive advantage. In particular, when available reinsurance
capacity via traditional reinsurers or capital markets is greater
than the demand from ceding companies. Its competitors, in
particular (re)insurers benefiting from higher ratings than SCOR's
or other competitors in alternative capital markets, may be better
positioned to enter new contracts and gain market shares at
SCOR's expense.

Furthermore, the Group’s reputation is sensitive to reinsurance
sector information. It can be affected by adverse events concerning
competitors but also by its own business activity, such as financial
difficulties following a major market event. Loss of reputation due
to internal risks would also weaken SCOR’s competitive position.


--- Page 4 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.2.2.2. CONSOLIDATION IN THE
INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE
INDUSTRIES COULD ADVERSELY
IMPACT SCOR

After a very active 2015 in terms of M&A, the first half of 2016
was very calm, however, in September 2016 M&A activity in the
insurance and reinsurance sector picked up again.

Within the insurance industry, these consolidated entities may
use their enhanced market power and broader capital base to
negotiate price reductions for SCOR’s products and services,
and reduce their use of reinsurance, and as such, the Group
may experience price declines and possibly write less business.

Within the reinsurance industry, such external growth activity
could potentially enhance these players’ competitive position,

Strategic risk <

e.g. in terms of being able to offer greater capacity or broader
product offerings, which could permit them to gain market shares
at SCOR’s expense.

3.2.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPETITIVE
ENVIRONMENT

As for risks related to the macro-economic environment, risks
related to the competitive environment are monitored via a
robust strategic planning approach and regular risk reporting
mechanisms throughout the Group, including complementary risk
analyses on ad-hoc topics, where deemed necessary. For more
details on risk reporting mechanisms and roles and responsibilities
of SCOR’s main governance bodies, see Appendix A — Report of
the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

3.2.3. RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS.

3.2.3.1. MAIN RISKS RELATED TO
LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY
DEVELOPMENTS

SCOR is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulations and
to the supervision of the insurance and reinsurance regulatory
authorities in all countries in which it operates. Some of these
authorities, especially in non-European countries, are considering
or may in the future consider enhanced or new regulatory
requirements intended to prevent future crises or otherwise
assure the stability of institutions under their supervision and
submit them to reinforced measures of control and higher capital
requirements. These changes could affect the calculation of the
local solvency ratio and have a material adverse impact on the
Group. Insurance and reinsurance supervisory authorities have
broad administrative power over many aspects of the reinsurance
industry and SCOR cannot predict the timing or form of any
future regulatory initiatives.

The Solvency II regime applies since January 1, 2016, in the
European Union. It has been transposed in French law in 2015.
Actual implementation by supervisory and regulatory authorities
could vary between these jurisdictions, which could place SCOR
at a competitive disadvantage with regard to other European
financial services groups.

Furthermore, supervisory and regulatory authorities could make
the protection of policyholders and financial stability prevail
over shareholders or creditors of a reinsurer when designing
new regulations, especially in developing countries. These new
regulations may then increase solvency margin obligations, thereby
restricting SCOR’s underwriting capacity.

In November 2016, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) published
the updated list of systemic direct insurers (G-Slls) based on a
recommendation by the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors (IAIS). As the IAIS is continuing to work on its
methodology for assessing systemic (re)insurers, there is a risk
that SCOR will receive such a designation in subsequent updates.
The impact of receiving such a designation is a risk of a higher
capital requirement, a Higher Loss Absorbency (HLA), and greater
regulatory burdens such as the establishment of resolution plans.
On the other hand, there is a possibility that G-Slls could benefit
from a market perception of an implicit state guarantee. Were
SCOR’s competitors to receive such a designation and SCOR were
not, there could be a risk of SCOR’s market perception weakening
relative to these peers.

In the meantime, the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors (IAIS) has been developing a common framework for
internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs), the ComFrame.
The IAIS intends to develop Insurance Capital Standards (ICSs)
to be applied by all IAlGs with implementation in 2020. This
development could jeopardize the extent of recognition of
diversification effects or the use of internal models, and could
have an impact on capital management. Moreover, these standards
involve risks in terms of competition on a level playing field if
they are not implemented simultaneously and consistently across
different jurisdictions.

Similarly, changes in tax legislation and regulations, or in their
interpretation, may have a negative impact on SCOR’‘s results, e.g.
due to the inability to recognize deferred tax assets in the future.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 115


--- Page 5 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Strategic risk

3.2.3.2. OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY
DEVELOPMENTS

The reinsurance sector has been exposed in the past, and may
be exposed in the future, to involvement in legal proceedings,
regulatory inquiries and actions by various administrative and
regulatory authorities, as well as to regulation concerning certain
practices used in the insurance sector.

More generally, adverse changes in laws or regulations or an
adverse outcome of any legal proceeding could have an adverse
impact on SCOR. For further details on SCOR's current litigations,
see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 25 - Litigation.

For further information on risks related to current legislation
and regulations and their impact on SCOR’s operations, see
Section 3.7.1.4 Risks related to external events.

3.2.3.3. MANAGEMENT OF RISKS
RELATED TO LEGAL AND
REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

SCOR monitors the legal and supervisory developments which
could have an impact on the Group and its entities, ensuring in
particular that it takes an active position vis-a-vis the requirements
to which it is exposed or could be exposed in the different
jurisdictions where it operates and that it prepares in due time
for their implementation.

In particular, developments in prudential regulations (such as
Solvency Il, ComFrame or the regulations on systemic risk) are
monitored at Group level by the Prudential and Regulatory Affairs
Department. Regulations relating to corporate law and business
compliance are monitored by the General Secretariat and, within
it, the Legal Department.

3.2.4. DOWNGRADE RISK_—__—

3.2.4.1. OVERVIEW
OF DOWNGRADE RISK

Credit ratings are very important to all reinsurance companies,
including SCOR, as ceding companies wish to reinsure their risks
with companies that have a satisfactory financial position. For more
details on the current rating of the Group, see Section 1.2.4 —
Ratings information.

Impact on SCOR’s reinsurance business

Some of SCOR's cedents’ credit models or reinsurance guidelines
face regulatory capital requirements or depend on their reinsurers’
credit rating. If SCOR's rating deteriorates, cedents could be
forced to increase their capital requirement in respect of their
counterparty risk on SCOR. This could lead to a loss of competitive
advantage for SCOR.

The Group's Life reinsurance activities and the Business Solutions
(large corporate accounts underwritten essentially on a facultative
basis and occasionally as direct insurance) business area in P&C
reinsurance are particularly sensitive to the way its existing and
prospective clients perceive its financial strength, notably through
its ratings.

Many of SCOR‘s reinsurance treaties, notably in the US and in Asia,
and also increasingly in Europe, contain clauses concerning the
financial strength of the Company and/or its operating subsidiaries,
and provide for the possibility of early termination for its cedents if
the rating of the Company and/or its subsidiaries is downgraded.
Early termination may also occur when the net financial position
of the Company falls below a certain threshold, or if it carries
out a reduction in share capital.

116 ©@—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

Impact on the Group’s letters of credit

Many of the Group’s reinsurance treaties contain a requirement
to put in place letters of credit (LOC) as a general requirement or
when triggered by a downgrade of SCOR or one of its subsidiaries.
In certain circumstances, the cedent has the right to draw down
on a LOC issued by a bank in SCOR’s name.

Some LOCs issued by banks providing such facilities may be
collateralized with securities. The value of the collateral can be
different from the amount of the LOC. For some facilities, initial
collateral requirements may be increased following a downgrade
of SCOR’s rating, impacting the Group's liquidity level. In the case
of a LOC being drawn by a cedent, the bank has the right to
request a cash payment from this collateral, up to the amount
drawn by the cedent.

In the case of a large number of LOCs being drawn simultaneously,
SCOR could encounter difficulties in providing the total amount
of required cash or fungible assets, thus exposing the Group to
a liquidity risk.

Moreover, some of SCOR’s facilities contain conditions about its
financial situation which, if not met, constitute a default and might
result in the suspension of the use of current credit facilities and/
or a prohibition on obtaining new lines of credit or result in the
need to negotiate new LOC facilities under adverse conditions.

For more details about the Group’s lines of credit, see Section 1.3.6 -—
Financial position, liquidity and capital resources. For more details
on liquidity risk, see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risk.


--- Page 6 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.2.4.2. MANAGEMENT
OF DOWNGRADE RISK

SCOR’s current ratings are at the highest levels within the
reinsurance sector after Standard & Poor's and Fitch upgraded
the Group's ratings to “AA-" from “A+” in 2015, followed by a
Moody's upgrade to Aa3/Stable and an AM Best confirmation of
positive outlook in September 2016. Therefore, a downgrade by
one notch would not endanger its future business development,
its liquidity position or its capacity to raise funds. For further
information on SCOR‘s current rating, see Section 1.2.4 - Ratings
information.

SCOR monitors its ratings assigned by the top four rating agencies
via a dedicated team placed under the supervision of the Group
Chief Financial Officer.

Strategic risk <

This team analyses rating agencies’ methodologies, reports
published on the reinsurance market, on SCOR and on its main
competitors, in order to anticipate any potential rating actions. It
also monitors specific qualitative and quantitative Key Performance
Indicators developed by the four main rating agencies, and
performs analyses of selected deterministic scenarios (for more
details on ‘footprint scenarios’ process, see Appendix A — 2.
Internal control and risk management procedures). It also monitors
the capital adequacy level as measured by the capital models
developed by rating agencies.

3.2.5. THE VALUATION OF SCOR’S INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND DEFERRED TAX
ASSETS MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT ITS SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

AND THE PRICE OF ITS SECURITIES.

3.2.5.1. RISKS RELATED TO THE
VALUATION OF SCOR’S
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

Asignificant portion of SCOR’s assets consists of intangible assets,
the value of which depends on its expected future profitability
and cash flows. The valuation of intangible assets is largely based
on subjective and complex judgments concerning items that are
uncertain by nature. If a change were to occur in the assumptions
underlying the valuation of its intangible assets (including goodwill,
value of business acquired and deferred acquisition costs), SCOR
would have to reduce their value, in whole or in part, thereby
reducing shareholders’ equity and its results.

The recognition of deferred tax assets, i.e. the likelihood of
recognizing sufficient profits in the future to offset losses,
depends on the performance of each entity concerned as well
as applicable tax laws, regulatory requirements and accounting
methods. The occurrence of events, such as operational earnings
lower than currently projected or losses continuing over a longer
period than originally planned or changes in tax legislation,
regulatory requirements, or accounting methods could lead to
the derecognition of part of the deferred tax assets for accounting
and/or regulatory purposes.

Details of intangible assets, related impairment testing policy
and recent acquisitions are included in Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 1 — Accounting
principles and methods, Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals,
Note 5 — Goodwill, Note 6 — Value Of Business Acquired and
Note 17 — Income taxes.

3.2.5.2. MANAGEMENT OF VALUATION
RISKS RELATED TO SCOR’S
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

Valuation risks related to SCOR’s intangible assets and deferred
tax assets are managed through robust processes and controls
throughout the Group.

See Section 3.7 - Management of operational risk for further details
on SCOR’s Internal control system approach, Appendix A — Report
of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Section 2.4.1 — Group
functions for a description of some of the departments involved
in the management of intangible assets and Appendix A — Report
of the Chairman on the internal control, Section 2.7 — Financial
reporting for further details on the production of SCOR‘s technical
and financial results, including intangible assets.

For further details on the management of valuation risks related
to goodwill and Value of Business Acquired, see Section 3.2.6.2 —
Management of risks related to acquisitions.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 117


--- Page 7 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Strategic risk

3.2.6. OTHER STRATEGIC RISKS.

SCOR may be exposed to other less significant strategic risks
further described below.

3.2.6.1. RISKS RELATED TO CAPITAL

Capital may not be completely fungible between
different regulated legal entities, which may
have negative consequences

SCOR‘s regulated legal entities must satisfy local regulatory capital
requirements. There could potentially be some local regulatory
constraints, which in certain circumstances could affect SCOR’s
ability to transfer capital from one legal entity to another, and
in particular from one subsidiary or branch to another, or to the
parent legal entity. This may have negative consequences for
the legal entity concerned and could have a material adverse
impact on SCOR.

In addition, ongoing regulatory developments and discussions
on global standards may impact SCOR in the future.

Adverse capital and credit market conditions
may significantly affect SCOR’s ability to access
capital and/or liquidity and increase its cost

of capital

Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit
markets may also limit the Group’s access to capital required to
operate its business, most significantly its insurance operations.
Such market conditions may limit its ability to:

e replace, in a timely manner, maturing debts;
e access the capital needed to grow its business;

e satisfy statutory capital requirements and maintain a solvency
ratio in line with its risk appetite framework.

As such, SCOR may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter
term securities than it prefers, or bear an unattractive cost of
capital which could decrease its profitability and significantly
reduce its financial flexibility.

Disruptions to financial markets, and more particularly credit
market conditions, could also affect SCOR’s ability to access
liquidity. Please see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risk, for further details.

For further information on changes in the macro-economic
environment that could impact SCOR, refer to Section 3.2.1 — Risks
related to the macro-economic environment affecting SCOR’s
strategy.

118 ©@—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

Management of risks related to capital

Risks related to capital are managed via specific principles and
processes throughout the Group. SCOR ensures maximum capital
fungibility within the Group through:

e a reduced number of subsidiaries enhancing fungibility while
supporting local business presence. It is facilitated by the
“Societas Europaea” (SE) structure supported by an efficient
branch set-up in Europe, enabling integrated supervision at
Group parent company level through SCOR SE, focusing on
communication with a limited number of supervisors with whom
SCOR can share its global strategy, while taking advantage of
diversification benefits;

© an integrated supervision of regulatory constraints at Group
level and an optimal capital allocation.

SCOR manages efficiently its capital allocation and fungibility
among subsidiaries based on legal and regulatory constraints.
SCOR is continuously leveraging, in its day-to-day activity, on
various tools that are core to the reinsurance activity (such as
intra-group retrocession, intra-group financing, portfolio transfer,
capital transfer or collateral posting).

3.2.6.2. RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS

Overview of risks related to acquisitions

SCOR has made a number of acquisitions around the world.
Acquisitions involve risks that could adversely affect its operating
results, including the substantial amount of management time
that may be diverted from operations to pursue and complete
acquisitions. Acquisitions could also result in additional
indebtedness, costs, contingent liabilities, and impairment and
amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible
assets. In addition, acquisitions may expose SCOR to operational
challenges and various risks.

A failure to successfully manage such operational challenges
could adversely affect the Group.

The businesses SCOR has recently acquired are described in
Section 1.2.2 — History and development of SCOR.


--- Page 8 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Specific risks relating to the acquired businesses are as follows:

Integration of the acquired activities may prove
to be more difficult than expected

Integrations may take longer, be more expensive or more difficult
than expected. The success of integrations may depend on
operational and commercial planning, execution of systems and
procedures, and on the retention of key employees. Difficulties
could result in higher integration costs or fewer synergies than
expected.

Retaining client relationships and related business
volumes

It may be outside the control and influence of SCOR to retain
certain client relationships and business volumes related to
acquired businesses. Related earnings and efficiencies may
be lower than expected, which may dilute the return on such
acquisition related investments.

AEGON's insolvency might impair the value
of business acquired (VOBA) of SCOR Global Life

Since August 2011, the majority of the mortality reinsurance
business in the US related to the former Transamerica Reinsurance
Co. flows into SCOR via retrocession from AEGON companies.
Not all underlying reinsurance agreements between cedents and
AEGON have been novated; an AEGON insolvency might reduce
or terminate cedent premiums passed on to SCOR, and impair
the value of business acquired (“VOBA”) and have a material
adverse effect on SCOR.

Certain risks relating to acquired companies
may not yet be known

Due notably to the size and complexity of acquisitions, and
despite pre-acquisition due diligence work carried out, there is
a risk that not all financial elements (including litigation related

Strategic risk <

to prior periods) may have been fully and/or correctly evaluated.
Unknown or unexpected financial risks could emerge, which may
have significant consequences on the initially estimated impact
of the relevant acquisition on the combined Group.

Management of risks related to acquisitions

SCOR adheres to high internal standards for acquisition processes,
governance and integration, based on an approach approved by
its Executive Committee.

SCOR retains outside legal, accounting, tax, actuarial, regulatory
and financial counsel for its due diligence, valuation and integration
assessments and execution, led by experienced employees in
various multi-jurisdictional disciplines, including but not limited
to underwriting, structuring, valuation, accounting, tax, actuarial,
risk management, legal, audit, strategy, claims management,
regulatory, rating agencies, and asset management. SCOR's
governance is overseen by a Group Steering Committee, chaired
by its Chief Executive Officer and including various members of
SCOR's Executive Committee. All progress, assessments and any
offers made to third parties are generally presented and approved
by the Strategy Committee of SCOR's Board of Directors.

All planned acquisitions that may have an impact on SCOR’s
risk profile are reviewed in collaboration with SCOR’s risk
management teams. Integration of acquired businesses typically
begins during the due diligence phase and is carefully planned
between SCOR and the personnel of the acquired companies.
SCOR integration plans typically take into account all systems,
procedures, commitments and constraints, as well as employees,
clients, suppliers and contractual third parties, and focuses on
pre-closing, closing day and post-closing objectives. While SCOR
has experience in managing acquisitions and takes care in planning
and executing such operations, the outcomes may not always
meet expectations.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 119


--- Page 9 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business

EX UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED TO THE P&C
AND LIFE REINSURANCE BUSINESS

For further details on the terminology used to describe the Group's
activity, see Section 1.2.5 — Business overview.

The main risk the Group faces in relation to insurance and
reinsurance contracts is that the actual amounts of claims and
indemnity payments, or the timing thereof, differ from estimates.
The frequency of claims, their severity, the actual payments
made, the development of long-tail claims (whether they be
litigated or not), and long-term mortality trends as well as external
factors such as those listed below, are all beyond the Group's
control. Additionally, the Group is dependent on the quality
of underwriting of its cedents for certain reinsurance treaties,
and on the quality of claims management by these companies
and the data provided by them. Under these uncertainties, the
Group seeks to ensure that sufficient reserves are available to
cover its liabilities.

Generally, SCOR’s ability to increase or maintain its portfolios
of insurance and reinsurance risks in the P&C and Life divisions
may depend on external factors such as professional practices,
legal, jurisdictional, regulatory, social, political, economic,
financial and environmental conditions. These factors create
uncertainties and may adversely affect SCOR’s business due to
either an interpretation of the contracts leading to an extension
of coverage (e.g. through inapplicability or interpretation or
overriding of treaty clauses) or by increasing the frequency and/
or severity of claims beyond what was anticipated at the time
of the underwriting.

SCOR mitigates its underwriting risk related to the P&C and Life
reinsurance business through the purchase of risk-mitigation
covers, both on the traditional retrocession market and on the
capital markets via alternative risk transfer solutions (e.g. the

3.3.1. P&C REINSURANCE

multi-year securitization of catastrophic and pandemic risk in the
form of Insurance-Linked Securities (“ILS”) and the issuance of
contingent capital facilities). However, there is a risk that SCOR may
not be able to transfer its liabilities through the purchase of such
instruments on economically viable terms and conditions in the
future. For further details on retrocession and other risk mitigation
techniques within SCOR, see Section 3.3.1.4 — Management of
underwriting risk related to the P&C and 3.3.2.7 - Management
of underwriting risk related to Life reinsurance business and
Appendix A — 2 Internal control and risk management procedures —
paragraph on capital shield strategy.

Consistent with the Group's strategy of selective market and
business division development, SCOR seeks to maintain a portfolio
of business risks that is strategically diversified geographically, by
line and class of business and over time (short and long-tail). The
Group's insurance risk exposure is mitigated by diversification
across a large portfolio of reinsurance contracts. The volatility
of risks is reduced by careful business selection, implementation
of underwriting guidelines, the use of retrocession and other
tisk transfer arrangements and proactive claims handling as
well as underwriting, claims and administration audits at ceding
companies.

SCOR underwrites reinsurance covers in P&C and Life and
occasionally in direct P&C insurance.

SCOR writes direct insurance, primarily on a business-to-business
basis to cover large corporate risks through the Business Solutions
domain of SCOR Global P&C and through the participation in
Lloyd's syndicates including Channel 2015, for which SCOR is
the sole capital provider as well as through some participations
in business ventures and partnerships.

The main risks linked with the P&C reinsurance business (and
direct insurance activity) underwritten by SCOR'’s P&C division
are P&C long-tail reserves deterioration, natural and man-made
catastrophes, including terrorism, and other risks beyond its direct
control such as systematic crisis or the cyclicality of the business.

3.3.1.1. P&C LONG-TAIL RESERVE
DETERIORATION

This is the risk that the P&C claims inflation is higher than
assumed in the calculation of the Best Estimate Liabilities (BEL)
and mostly affects the long-tail lines of business, such as all

120 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

casualty, professional liability and financial lines, inherent defect
and construction warranty, medical malpractice, motor (first and
third party liability) and workers’ compensation. Claims inflation
is influenced by, but not directly linked to general inflation.

For SCOR‘s casualty business, the frequency and severity of claims
and the related amounts of indemnity paid can be affected by
several factors. The most significant factors are the changing legal
and regulatory environment, including changes in civil liability
law and jurisprudence.

For further information on risks related to reserves, see
Section 3.3.4 — Risks related to reserves.


--- Page 10 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business <

3.3.1.2. NATURAL AND MAN-MADE
CATASTROPHES

SCOR's property business underwritten by SCOR Global P&C is
exposed to multiple insured losses arising from single or multiple
events, which can be catastrophic, being either caused by nature
(e.g. hurricane, typhoon, windstorm, flood, hail, severe winter
storm, earthquake) or man-made (e.g. explosion, fire at a major
industrial facility, act of terrorism). Any such catastrophic event
can generate insured losses in one or several of SCOR's lines of
business.

Natural Catastrophes

The most material catastrophes in SCOR’s risk profile are related to
natural events, mainly tropical cyclones, windstorms, earthquakes
and floods arising in North America and Europe and affecting
property, engineering and possibly other lines of business.

SCOR manages its gross exposure to catastrophes through a
comprehensive risk transfer and capital protection program which
combines traditional retrocession and non-traditional solutions,
including catastrophe bonds and a contingent capital equity line.

For further information on management of underwriting risks
within the P&C division, refer to Section 3.3.1.5 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the P&C business. For further
information on SCOR’s retrocession and other risk mitigation
techniques, refer to Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk
mitigation techniques.

Man-Made Catastrophes

SCOR is exposed to insured losses, arising from single or multiple
events, which can be catastrophic, caused by the occurrence
of a man-made event. The lines of business mostly exposed
to man-made catastrophe are property (other than natural
catastrophe), marine, motor, casualty, credit and surety, aviation
and space.

Property

Man-made catastrophes refer to negligent or deliberate human
actions, e.g. conflagration, a large explosion and fire at a major
industrial site, and terrorism. These events can cause great damage
to property and lives. Malicious man-made events often target
large cities and illustrious landmarks such as international airports
and governmental facilities.

In particular, SCOR is exposed to single or multiple terrorist attacks
through some P&C treaties and national terrorism pools. Terrorism
exposures are monitored on a worldwide basis as a fully integrated
part of the Underwriting Management Framework. Underwriting

guidelines stipulate the rules and procedures for terrorism risk for
Treaty P&C, Specialty lines and SCOR Business Solutions (SBS).
SCOR monitors this risk using a very conservative approach.

SCOR's exposure to terrorism arises from participation in the
protection of existing national terrorism pools and exposure from
some markets that do not permit the exclusion of terrorism from
insurance policies due to local regulation, such as in the US, or
due to market practice. Furthermore, the US insurance market
is exposed to significant risks due to the insurance obligation
created by the law. However federal aid is also provided by the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”).

A terror event could also have an impact on SCOR’ life portfolio.
Although in past events the life claims incurred have been
comparatively small compared to the non-life claims, a terrorist
act might claim a large number of insured lives.

Casualty

SCOR is also exposed to man-made casualty catastrophes whose
underlying nature and key specificities can vary widely, from
commonly used products (with Asbestos as a typical example),
massive product liability losses emanating from items produced by
asingle manufacturer, to a single disastrous event (e.g. Deepwater
Horizon oil rig explosion).

The amount of information available on casualty catastrophes
is limited. In contrast to property catastrophes, which are short
term in nature (limited number of days between insured event
and loss emergence), at which point reasonable estimates of the
size of the loss can be calculated, most casualty catastrophes
emerge gradually and the full extent of the losses is often not
known for decades.

SCOR is engaged in the development of advanced liability
catastrophe analytics, and data mining and modeling techniques
for improving its prediction capabilities for man-made casualty
event losses.

Property and Casualty

The extent of the loss event and the affected lines of business
will vary depending on the man-made event. SCOR can be
affected from a man-made event simultaneously in the property
and the casualty lines of business, e.g. if the explosion at a large
industrial site destroys the industrial facility, but also pollutes the
environment, given its proximity to vulnerable landscape (e.g.
river, lake), and causes property damages and bodily injuries
affecting the population.

For further information on management of underwriting risks
within the P&C Division, refer to Section 3.3.1.4 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the P&C business.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———€@) 121


--- Page 11 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business

3.3.1.3. OTHER RISK CONSIDERATIONS

In addition to the two main risks of SCOR’s P&C underwriting risk
as listed above, other factors could have an adverse impact, such
as systemic crisis, cyclicality of the business and concentration
risks related to its broker business.

Systemic Crisis

Historically, reinsurers have experienced significant fluctuations in
operating income due to volatile and unpredictable developments,
many of which are beyond the control of the reinsurer including
general economic conditions, levels of capacity offered by the
market, and the level of competition with regards to pricing. In
particular some SCOR‘s lines of business which are directly linked to
financial activities are more exposed to global economic recessions
(e.g. systemic crisis post Lehman Brothers): as an example specialty
lines such as credit and surety or liability risk such as Errors &
Omissions and Directors & Officers Liability.

Cyclicality of the business

P&C insurance and reinsurance businesses are cyclical. The primary
consequences of the market softening are a reduction in the
volume of P&C reinsurance premiums on the market, an increase in
competition within the reinsurance market, and also a preference
for those operators who are most attentive to the specific needs
of the cedents and the most capable of answering them. This
could lead potentially to a loss of competitive advantage for SCOR.

Beyond the general trends, the premium rate cycle affects certain
geographic markets and/or certain lines of business in different
ways and different levels, independently of each other.

Concentration risk related to its broker business

SCOR produces out its P&C business both through both brokers
and through direct relationships with insurance company clients.
For the year ended December 31, 2016, P&C wrote approximately
61% of gross written premiums through brokers and 39% through
direct business, while Life wrote approximately 6% through
brokers and approximately 94% through direct business. For
P&C, the largest brokers that the Group wrote gross premium
with were Aon Group with approximately 19% MMC with
approximately 15% and Willis Group with approximately 10% of
total gross written premiums. See Section 1.2.5.4 — paragraph on
distribution by production source. The risk for SCOR is mainly the
concentration of premiums written through a limited number of
brokers. A significant reduction in the business generated through
these brokers could potentially reduce premium volume and net
income.

122 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

3.3.1.4. MANAGEMENT OF
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED
TO THE P&C BUSINESS

The P&C Division is organized in order to enable it to assess and
control its risks at each level of its business.

e Most of the business underwritten is renewed on agreed dates.
This enables SCOR to establish annual underwriting plans, both
qualitative (description of the environment) and quantitative
(activity budget). These plans are approved by the Executive
Committee.

e The Property and Casualty Treaty underwriters manage client
relationships and offer reinsurance support after a careful
review and assessment of the cedents’ underwriting policies,
portfolio profiles, exposures and management procedures.
They are responsible for writing treaty business as well as
associated support on small and medium-size facultative risks
in their respective territories within the limits of their individually
delegated underwriting authority and the scope of underwriting
guidelines.

Most of SCOR’s facultative underwriters work in the Business
Solutions domain of SCOR Global P&C, which operates
worldwide. This business area is dedicated to large corporate
businesses and is geared to provide the clients of SCOR Global
P&C with solutions for coverage of large conventional risks.

Underwriting and pricing guidelines, defined by SCOR Global
P&C, specify the underwriting capacities delegated to each
underwriter in each entity, as well as the underwriting rules
and principles to be complied with. These guidelines are subject
to a regular review and approval process. SCOR’s underwriting
guidelines are more restrictive regarding certain areas with
difficult or uncertain legal environments.

— Underwriting guidelines in place within SCOR Global P&C
specify (i) the underwriting rules and principles to be complied
with: (ii) underwriting capacities individually delegated to the
underwriters in each of the markets and lines of business
in which the Group operates as well as (iii) the relevant
maximum acceptable commitments per risk and per event.
They are reviewed and updated annually by the Underwriting
Management function and approved by the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Risk Officer of SCOR Global P&C.

Pricing guidelines and parameters apply to all treaties priced
within SCOR Global P&C. There are additional guidelines
related to Natural Catastrophes and others specific to certain
products which include Agriculture and Credit & Surety.
These guidelines seek to ensure that the analyses provide: a
best estimate of the costs and profitability of a treaty as well
as the uncertainty surrounding estimates; assistance with
underwriting decisions; suitable outputs needed for the risk
management process, in particular the internal model, such
as probability distributions for losses/NPV, cash flow patterns


--- Page 12 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business <

for premium/losses, etc. They are set to provide consistency
and continuity across the organization but also to take into
account differences between markets and lines of business
as well as the geographical location of the client and the
risks insured. Parameters are revised at least once a year to
consider, as the case may be, changing market conditions and
environment. Contracts that meet certain risk thresholds are
subject to mandatory peer reviews that have to be performed
and documented before pricing is completed. SCOR Global
P&C uses a data system that allows management to monitor
and review the results from pricing tools.

e The underwriting teams are supported by the SCOR Global
P&C Underwriting Management function located in Paris and
represented in the four Hubs. This function provides worldwide
treaty and facultative underwriting guidelines, policies regarding
the delegation of capacity, underwriting support to specific
lines of business or individual risks when required, ceding
company portfolio analysis and risk surveys and is responsible
for monitoring and referral of non-standard business and for
authorizing exceptions to the underwriting guidelines.

Business opportunities going beyond the stipulations of the
guidelines thus defined are subject to special referral procedures
at two levels: (1) by the Underwriting Management function;
and, where applicable, by the Legal Department and/or the
Finance department; (2) and for cases which may have a
significant impact on the balance sheet (thresholds and/or
conditions defined in a procedure or specific guidelines) by the
Group Risk Management Department and the Chief Executive
Officer of SCOR Global P&C.

SCOR Global P&C Actuarial Pricing Department is responsible
for the pricing of the reinsurance business which is done by
individual treaty. Guidelines, methods and tools are set and
maintained at the global level which are used by the pricing
team across the SCOR offices. Delegation authorities specify
criteria under which the underwriters may price certain contracts
still subject to the use of the Pricing Guidelines and tools.
Pricing results quantify expected underwriting statistics (such
as loss and expense ratios), volatility measures, and profitability
measures (such as NPV, RORAC, and Profit Excess Targets). The
results are also used as criteria for referrals within Underwriting
Departments. Pricing actuaries, team up with underwriters and
modelers by market or by lines of business.

The Risk Modeling & Global Natural Hazards Department is in
charge of monitoring accumulations. A “CAT” sub-group of
the P&C Risk and Capital Committee meets regularly to review
accumulations and decide on or arbitrate the allocation of
CAT capacities by country. Earthquake and storm risks gross
exposures are measured using proprietary external models from
industry-leading catastrophe model suppliers, including Risk
Management Solutions RiskLink® (“RMS”) and AIR Worldwide
Catrader® (“AIR”). These tools enable the Group to quantify
its exposure in terms of a probable maximum loss (“PML”)

at various levels of probability for each peril and geographic
location. The overall aggregate annual PML per peril, allowing
for potential multiple events, provides the information required
to determine the level of retrocession and other alternative risk
transfer solutions (e.g. catastrophe bonds) that are needed to
ensure that the net aggregate exposure is optimized for the
Group’s risk appetite and remains within predefined tolerance
limits.

In order to mitigate its property exposure, the Group retrocedes
a portion of the risks it underwrites. See 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques for further information
on how these instruments are managed.

The claims handling function is performed by the claims
teams, which review, process and monitor reported claims.
SCOR Global P&C’s Claims & Commutations Department is
in charge of the implementation and overview of the overall
claims handling and commutation management policy for the
P&C division, implementing worldwide control and reporting
procedures and managing commutation of portfolios and
commitments. It supports and controls the day-to-day activity
and takes over the direct management of large, litigious, serial
and latent claims. In addition, periodic audits are conducted
on specific claims and lines of business, and claims processing
and procedures are examined at the ceding companies’ offices
with the aim of evaluating their claims adjustment process,
valuation of case reserves and overall performance. When
needed, recommendations are given to underwriters and local
management.

The adequacy of SCOR Global P&C reserves are controlled
based on specific procedures. For further information on how
risks related to reserves are managed, see Section 3.3.4 — Risks
related to reserves.

Risks specific to the administration of contracts are subject to
checks performed at the subsidiary and branch level. SCOR’s
Group Information System includes multiple automatic checks
and additional tools.

A quarterly review of technical results is performed by business
area (Property and Casualty Treaties, Specialty Lines, Business
Solutions (Facultative), business ventures and partnerships) and
region. The review enables the analysis of technical results by
underwriting year, by nature and by line of business.

SCOR Global P&C’s Risk Management organizes the quarterly
P&C Risk and Capital Committee, which is responsible for
highlighting the main risks to which the P&C division is exposed,
regarding both assets and liabilities.

Cross reviews are conducted by SCOR Global P&C’s Risk
Management to assess the quality of underwriting, pricing
and claims handling of particular business units or certain
lines of business, to identify and assess risks, to evaluate the
appropriateness and effectiveness of controls and to propose
risk-management measures, including mitigating actions.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 123


--- Page 13 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business

3.3.2. LIFE REINSURANCE

The main underwriting risks for SCOR’s life division are described
below.

3.3.2.1. LONG-TERM MORTALITY
DETERIORATION

This risk refers to potential negative deviations in future mortality
patterns from current best-estimate assumptions due to a higher-
than-anticipated number of deaths (i.e. increased mortality rates)
among the portfolio lives reinsured by SCOR. This could result
from inherent volatility, initial mispricing (level risk) or an adverse
long-term trend. The latter could potentially be influenced by
various emerging risks.

SCOR's long term mortality reserves are based on a number of
assumptions and information provided by third parties, which,
if incorrect and/or incomplete, could have an adverse effect on
the Group. For further information on risks related to reserves,
see Section 3.3.4 — Risks related to reserves.

3.3.2.2. PANDEMIC

In Life reinsurance, a severe pandemic is a major risk. In the
past century, three major outbreaks of influenza occurred and
claimed millions of lives. The occurrence of a similar event could
cause large losses to SCOR due to an increased mortality far
beyond the usual volatility. A lethal virus strain not only of influenza
but of any other communicable disease could lead to a heavy
increase in mortality rates and increased medical costs which
could significantly affect SCOR’s results.

3.3.2.3. LONGEVITY

Longevity risk refers to the risk of a negative deviation from
expected results due to the insured or annuitant living longer
than assumed in the pricing or reserves. This risk could have an
impact on longevity swaps, annuity and long-term care covers
and on other longevity protection products.

3.3.2.4. POLICYHOLDER BEHAVIOR RISK

SCOR Global Life is also exposed to risks related to policyholder
behavior, including risks such as lapsation and anti-selection at
policy issue.

Lapses refer to either non-payment of premiums by the policyholder
or to policies which are terminated by the policyholder before the
maturity date of the policy. Depending upon the product design,
higher or lower policyholder lapses than assumed in the pricing or
reserving may reduce SCOR Global Life’s expected future income.

Anti-selection refers to the problem of asymmetry of information
between the insured and the insurer. An individual applying
for life or health insurance cover usually has better knowledge
about his or her own state of health than the insurer. The risk
to the (re)insurer is of policyholders deliberately deciding among
other things to:

take out a policy in the knowledge that either their chance of
claiming is high or higher than average;

e terminate a policy in the knowledge that their chance of claiming
is low or lower than average, or;

124 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

e choose and exercise a policy option which increases the
policyholder’s expected benefit.

This might lead to a portfolio composition which differs from the
one assumed during pricing and might imply lowerthanexpected
profits for both the direct insurer and the reinsurer.

3.3.2.5. MORBIDITY RISK

Products such as critical illness, short-term and long-term
disability and long-term care, which all contain morbidity risk,
are subject to the risk of negative trends in health, as well as to
the consequences of improved medical diagnoses capabilities
which increase the number of claims due to conditions that
otherwise would possibly have remained undetected. Medical
progress may in the future enable better treatment, resulting in
higher claims, since certain diseases would have otherwise led to
amuch shorter life expectancy of the insured. Products providing
cover for medical expenses are in particular subject to the risk of
higher than expected incidence and inflation of medical costs.

3.3.2.6. OTHER RISKS

In addition to the main underwriting risks of SCOR Global Life as
listed above, other factors could have an adverse impact, whether
related to policyholder behavior such as resale or purchase of
policies by third parties with no insurable interest, or other risk
factors such as risks related to product guarantees.

3.3.2.7. MANAGEMENT OF
UNDERWRITING RISK RELATED
TO THE LIFE REINSURANCE
BUSINESS

In addition to the transversal risk management mechanisms
described in the introduction to this section, SCOR Global Life
also implements mechanisms to mitigate certain risks specific
to the division:

© Claims deterioration risks are mitigated through yearly renewable
terms for parts of the mortality business, and through premium
adjustment clauses for some Disability, Long-Term Care (LTC)
and Critical Illness (Cl) products. In the case of LTC, the premium
adjustments are designed to offset worsening incidence or
increasing longevity of disabled lives. In the case of Cl, premium
adjustments mitigate potential negative impacts on future
claims patterns due to a general deterioration in health and
improved medical diagnosis.
Lapse risks are mitigated through appropriate reinsurance treaty
clauses, as well as product, client and market diversification.
e Anti-selection risks are mitigated through careful product design
and a well-defined medical and financial underwriting selection
process.

The Life division is organized in order to be able to assess and

control its risks at each level of its business.

e Generally, the Life reinsurance business is underwritten
throughout the year. The Life business underwritten is monitored
on a quarterly basis against prior year development as well

as the business plan and regular updates are provided to the
Executive Committee.


--- Page 14 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business <

e Underwriting of the Life business within the Group is under
the worldwide responsibility of SCOR Global Life. Clients are
worldwide Life, Pension or Accident and Health insurance
companies. They are served by SCOR’s specialized underwriters
and actuaries who are familiar with the specific features of
the markets in which they operate, particularly with local lines
of business and policy conditions, as well as the technical
specifics such as mortality tables, morbidity incidence rates and
persistency rates. In the Life underwriting process, consideration
is typically given to the quality of the client's medical and
financial underwriting standards, the target clientele of the
ceding company, as well as past experience to the extent
credible data is available.

Life reinsurance treaties are underwritten by Life reinsurance
experts familiar with the specific features of their markets. The
Life business is underwritten following internal underwriting and
pricing guidelines. Mandates for underwriting Life reinsurance
business are assigned to teams on a mutually exclusive basis.

In order to ensure that SCOR Global Life is continually up-to-
date with biometric trends and scientific developments, SCOR
Global Life uses the expertise of five dedicated Research &
Development centers to analyze and assess the key factors
underlying mortality, longevity, morbidity and policyholder
behavior. These Research & Development Centers provide
recommendations for the implementation of the research
results into the pricing, underwriting and determination of
exposure limits.

Guidelines and other documents defined by SCOR Global Life
specify the underwriting rules and principles to be complied
with, underwriting capacities delegated to the underwriters and
pricing actuaries in each of the markets in which the Group
operates, as well as maximum acceptable commitments per risk
and per event. These guidelines outline contract types and terms
and conditions of acceptance. Furthermore, they set out the level
of retention of SCOR Global Life for various risks and types of
cover (for more information, see Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques). Revisions and updates
follow a formalized approval process.

Business opportunities going beyond the stipulations of these
guidelines and documents are subject to a special referral
process in order to ensure that the business complies with
established risk-adjusted return criteria and risk tolerance
limits. These cases are examined at the SCOR Global Life level
by the Regional and Global Pricing and Risk Management
Department and, where applicable, the Finance Department.
Cases which may have a significant impact on the balance
sheet of the Group are additionally reviewed by the Group Risk
Management. Thresholds or conditions for a referral to Group
Risk Management are outlined in specific guidelines.

Accumulations of risk particularly exposed to catastrophes in
the Life business are regularly assessed in “footprint” scenarios
and local CAT scenarios. Specific tools are used to monitor
known Group cover accumulation in selected geographical
areas. Specifically designed retrocession programs aim at
protecting the Life reinsurance business. One program protects
assumed catastrophe excess of loss acceptances; another one

protects the net retained lines in respect of proportional and
per risk acceptances. SCOR is making use of the RMS model
for infectious diseases in order to assess the potential exposure
to risk arising from global pandemics.

Maximum underwriting capacities are established to limit SCOR
Global Life’s exposure on various types of treaties underwritten,
proportional and non-proportional, covering individual or Group
policies. These capacities are reviewed each year, taking into
account the capacities obtained by the retrocession coverage.
These limits include: maximum commitment per life accumulated
for all SCOR exposures, maximum annual commitments
for non-proportional cover per life or per event, maximum
commitment per country for nonproportional exposures by
event. Aggregate portfolio exposures are continually monitored.
Specialized software allows an accumulation control of insured
lives and is fed with single risk information as received by the
client companies. Based on this system, risks under which the
accumulated exposure exceeds SCOR Global Life’s retention
are identified and retroceded. The retention limits are reviewed
regularly. The exposure is monitored throughout the year against
SCOR's defined risk limits and used for decisions on mitigating
measures. Monitoring of peak exposures is included in Life
regular risk reporting. See Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and
other risk mitigation techniques for further information on
how these instruments are managed.

The Life division's claims handling is performed by local claims
teams that handle and monitor claims. Claims exceeding a
predefined threshold are reviewed by CREDISS, SCOR Global
Life’s global medical underwriting and claims research center.
In addition, where deemed appropriate, audits are conducted
on claims or specific lines of business at the ceding companies’
offices.

The adequacy of SGL reserves is monitored based on specific
procedures. For further information on how risks related to
reserves are managed, see Section 3.3.4.2 - Management of
reserving risk.

Risks specific to the management of contracts are mitigated by
specific controls supported by SCOR’s IT Systems which include
numerous automatic controls and additional tools.

A quarterly review of technical results is performed by region
and by business area.

SCOR Global Life’s Risk Management Department organizes
quarterly meetings of the Life Risk Committee which is
responsible for reviewing the main risks to which the Life
division is exposed.

In addition, cross reviews are commissioned by SCOR Global
Life’s Chief Executive Officer to evaluate, on the one hand, the
quality of underwriting, pricing, medical underwriting and claims
handling of particular market areas or lines of business and,
on the other hand, to identify and assess risks, to evaluate the
appropriateness and effectiveness of controls and to propose
risk-management actions.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 125


--- Page 15 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business

3.3.3. INTERDEPENDENCE AND ACCUMULATION RISKS
BETWEEN SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

3.3.3.1. OVERVIEW OF THE MAIN
INTERDEPENDENCE AND
ACCUMULATION RISKS BETWEEN
SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

P&C and Life reinsurance activities take place in two different
market environments. They are subject to a range of external
constraints, which generally benefit from a high diversification
effect. The overall balance between the two business areas within
the Group therefore provides stability. However, in some cases,
changes in the P&C and Life activities are linked to each other
as well as to those of the financial markets. This exposes SCOR
to possible accumulation of risks between its lines of business
and/or asset classes.

Unforeseen events, such as natural catastrophes or man-made
catastrophes, can make SCOR’s claims experience vary significantly
from one year to the next, which can have a significant impact on
its profitability and financial position. These types of risk primarily
affect Non-Life business areas. However, in cases where SCOR
faces a large number of casualties, the possibility of the losses also
affecting its Life lines of business cannot be excluded. Similarly,
unforeseen events such as terrorist attacks may materially impact
the P&C business area, but also the Life business area, in the case
of attacks resulting in many fatalities. Although in past events the
Life claims incurred have been comparatively small in relation to
the Non-Life claims incurred, a terrorist act might claim a large
number of insured lives.

In the event of a very large natural catastrophe or terrorist attack,
the losses generated in the P&C and Life Divisions could potentially
accumulate, with losses on financial assets related to the potential
reaction of markets (i.e. movements in interest rates, exchange
rates, spreads and/or equity market prices). In the same way, a
major pandemic event may cause financial market turmoil and/
or business interruptions.

In addition, depending on the frequency and nature of losses, the
speed with which claims are made and the terms of the policies
affected, it may be required to make large claim payments within
a short period. SCOR may be forced to fund those obligations
by liquidating investments in distressed market conditions, or by
raising funds under unfavorable conditions. For further information
on such risks, see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risk.

126 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

SCOR's ability to grow or maintain its portfolios in the P&C and
Life reinsurance divisions may also be subject to external factors
which may be interconnected, such as economic and political
risks. For instance, slowdowns in economic growth or recessions
in the major markets may lead households and companies to take
out less insurance, to suspend certain premium payments, or to
terminate the insurance policies underlying the existing P&C and
Life treaties earlier than anticipated. Similarly, the risk of social
and political instability is particularly significant in emerging
markets, in which both divisions operate. These risks could lead
to significantly reduced business growth in these target markets.
See Section 3.2 — Strategic risk for further details.

SCOR is also exposed to insurance risks in its investment portfolio
either through publicly traded securities (e.g. CAT bonds), or Over-
The-Counter (OTC) contracts (e.g. collateralized reinsurance). Such
investments could be impacted by the occurrence of underwriting
risks as described in the above paragraphs (e.g. natural catastrophe,
mortality etc.) that could significantly result in changes in value, or
even the full loss of the amount invested. In the case of publicly
traded securities, these risks could also have a significant impact
on the liquidity of these instruments.

3.3.3.2. MANAGEMENT OF
INTERDEPENDENCE AND
ACCUMULATION RISKS BETWEEN
SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

The Group aims at diversifying its business and monitors its main
accumulation risks and areas of dependencies across its business
through regular risk monitoring and reporting mechanisms,
including via its internal model.

SCOR manages its exposure to catastrophes through selective
underwriting practices, especially by limiting its exposure to
certain events in certain geographic areas, by monitoring risk
accumulation on a geographic basis and by retroceding a portion
of those risks to other selectively chosen reinsurers.


--- Page 16 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business <

3.3.4. RISK RELATED TO RESERVES.

3.3.4.1. SCOR’S RISK RELATED
TO RESERVES

The SCOR Group is required to maintain reserves to cover its
estimated ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses
with respect to reported and unreported claims, incurred as at
the end of each accounting period, net of estimated related
recoveries. Its reserves are established based on the information
it receives from its cedent insurance companies, including their
own reserving levels, as well as on the basis of its knowledge of
the risks, the studies it conducts and the trends it observes on
a regular basis. As part of the reserving process, SCOR reviews
available historical data and tries to anticipate the impact of
various factors, such as changes in laws and regulations, judicial
decisions, social and political attitudes and trends in mortality
and morbidity, and changes in general economic conditions.

If some information were incorrect and/or incomplete, this could
have an adverse effect on the Group. Despite the audits it carries
out on the companies with which it does business the Group is
still dependent on their reserves assessment.

As is the case for all other reinsurers, the inherent uncertainties
in estimating reserves are compounded by the significant periods
of time that often elapse between the occurrence of an insured
loss, the reporting of the loss to the primary insurer and ultimately
to SCOR

Another factor of uncertainty resides in the fact that some of
SCOR's activities are long-tail in nature, such as long-term care,
whole Life products, longevity, worker's compensation, general
liability or medical malpractice, etc. It has, in the past, been
necessary for SCOR to revise estimated potential loss exposure
‘on such lines of business.

See Section 3.3.1.1 — P&C long-tail reserve deterioration for
further details.

3.3.4.2. MANAGEMENT OF RESERVING
RISK

The adequacy of P&C and Life reserves is checked on a quarterly
basis by internal actuaries at division level as well as at the Group
level by the Group Chief Actuary who signs off on the adequacy
of reserves and reports to the Executive Committee and the
Audit Committee.

External consulting firms can also be mandated to review the
P&C reserves. Life reserving assumptions have been reviewed
by an external firm as part of the embedded value calculation. If
necessary, internal audits of its portfolios are performed.

The Chief Reserving Actuaries of the divisions are responsible
for overseeing the reserves of their respective divisions, to assure
appropriateness in the reserving methods and parameters used
and to enhance reserving governance. The Group Chief Actuary is

in charge of the independent validation and testing of reserving
tools, workflows, assumptions and processes.

A centrally defined and tightly controlled reserving process, strong
portfolio diversification, prudent reserving, sound reserving tools
and, actuarial methods used by highly skilled professionals and a
high level of transparency, both internally and externally, all tend
to minimize the risk of inadequate reserves.

P&C business

Within SCOR Global P&C, in order to ensure an adequate and
efficient monitoring of the reserves, a report is established on a
yearly basis by the Group Actuarial Department, where the Group
Chief Actuary, reporting to the Group Chief Risk Officer, gives his
opinion on the year-end booked reserves’ adequacy. The main
objective of this report is to provide SCOR’s Executive Committee
and Audit Committee with an overall opinion on the adequacy
of the P&C division's reserves but also to highlight the inherent
uncertainties surrounding this assessment. The monitoring of
the reserves by the division's and Group's Actuarial Department
is centered on three mechanisms:

© a quarterly follow-up of the claims activity and review of reserves
for each segment through adequate reporting procedures;

© an annual internal actuarial analysis, including a review of all
segments together with a full analysis of the segments that may
have a substantial impact on SCOR’s balance sheet. This analysis
is performed by the SCOR Global P&C reserving actuaries and
reviewed by the Group Actuarial Department which performs
as well its own full analysis. These analyses are recorded in an
annual actuarial report;

regular external reviews of SCOR Global P&C division reserves
adequacy are performed including those required by local
regulators (Canada, Australia, Hong Kong, South Africa, China
and SCOR Lloyd's syndicate).

SCOR regularly reviews its methods for determining outstanding
claims reserves and IBNR reserves. However, it is difficult to
accurately value the amount of reserves required, especially in
view of changes in the legal environment, which could have an
impact on reserve development.

When a claim is reported to the ceding company, its claims
department establishes a reserve corresponding to the estimated
amount of the ultimate settlement for the claim. The estimate
is based on the cedent’s own evaluation methods. The ceding
company reports the claim and its suggested reserve amount to
the Group entity with which it concluded its reinsurance contract.
The Group records the ceding company’s suggested reserve
and is free to establish greater or smaller reserves based on the
review and analysis by SGP&C’s claims team. Greater or smaller
potential reserves are based upon the consideration of many
factors, including the level of the commitments, seriousness of
the claims and the SGP&C’s assessment of the ceding company’s
claims’ management.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 127


--- Page 17 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business

In compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and in
accordance with industry practices, the Group maintains IBNR
reserves in addition to outstanding claims reserves. These reserves
represent:

e the estimated final amount that may be paid by the Group on
losses or events that have occurred, but are not yet reported
to the ceding company or to the SCOR entity concerned; and

e the estimated cost variation on claims already reported to the
Group.

In determining the amount of its reserves, the Group generally
uses actuarial techniques that take into account quantitative
loss experience data, together with qualitative factors, where
appropriate. The reserves are also adjusted to reflect reinsurance
treaty terms and conditions, and any changes in claims processing
that may potentially affect the Group’s commitment over time.

A table showing historical changes in reserves for P&C claims
is provided in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.

The Group continues to pursue the active commutations policy of
its portfolios initiated in 2003, the main goals being to reduce the
volatility of claims reserves and administrative costs, particularly
of the oldest reserves, and to allow the reallocation of capital.
This policy will be continued by focusing efforts on the US run-off
activities and on some treaties written by the former Converium
company acquired by SCOR in 2007.

Life business

Within SCOR Global Life, in order to ensure an adequate and
efficient monitoring of the reserves, a report is established on a
yearly basis by the Group Actuarial Department where the Group
Chief Actuary gives his opinion on the year-end booked reserves’
adequacy. The main objective of this report is to provide SCOR’s
Executive Committee and Audit Committee with an overall
opinion on the adequacy of the Life division's reserves but also to
highlight the inherent uncertainties surrounding this assessment.

The monitoring of the reserves by the division's and Group‘s
Actuarial Department is centered on three mechanisms:

e a quarterly follow-up of the claims activity and review of reserves
for each segment through adequate reporting procedures;

© an annual internal actuarial analysis, including a review of all
segments together with a full analysis of the segments that may
have a substantial impact on SCOR’s balance sheet. This analysis
is performed by the SCOR Global Life reserving actuaries and

128 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

reviewed by the Group Actuarial Department which performs
as well its own full analysis. These analyses are recorded in an
annual actuarial report;

e regular external reviews of SCOR Global Life division reserves
adequacy are performed including those required by local
regulators.

The Group Actuarial Department does not intend to provide
an alternative best estimate but verifies the adequacy of the
assumptions and methods and processes used by the teams of
SCOR Global Life to determine the Life reserves. In some cases,
the Group Actuarial Department applies a global approach and
calculates a confidence range in order to check that the reserves
booked are within said confidence range.

For its Life business, SCOR is required to maintain adequate reserves
to reflect the liability for future claims and benefit payments
resulting from life reinsurance treaties, mainly mathematical
reserves and claim reserves

The mathematical reserves are generally calculated as the
present value of projected future payments to cedents less the
present value of projected premiums still payable by cedents. The
calculation includes assumptions relating to mortality, morbidity,
disability, lapses and expected future interest rates.

The mathematical reserves are established on initial recognition
of acontract on the basis of best estimate assumptions and allow
for an adequate safety margin for the risks of change, error and
random fluctuation. They are subject to a liability adequacy test.

In determining its best estimates, the Group takes into
consideration its past experience, current internal data, external
market indices and benchmarks and other relevant information.
The contracts’ liabilities established by the Group with respect
to individual risks or classes of business may be greater or less
than those established by ceding companies due to the use of
different mortality tables or other assumptions.

Claim reserves for losses are recognized for payment obligations
from reinsurance losses that have occurred but have not yet been
settled. They are recognized under reserves for reinsurance losses
reported before the reporting date and IBNR. SCOR regularly
reviews and updates its methods for determining outstanding
claims reserves and IBNR Reserves.

A table showing changes in the mathematical reserves in Life
reinsurance is provided in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.


--- Page 18 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risk related to the P&C and life reinsurance business <

3.3.5. RETROCESSION AND OTHER RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES.

Reinsurers typically purchase reinsurance to cover their own
risk exposures. Reinsurance of a reinsurer’s business is called
retrocession. SCOR remains primarily liable to the direct insurer
on all risks reinsured although the retrocessionaire is liable to the
Group to the extent of the cover limits purchased.

The level of retrocession is selected each year to ensure that
SCOR‘s retained risk profile respects the specific Group risk appetite
framework and to help the Group achieve its return on capital
and solvency objectives.

SCOR aims to diversify its retrocession and risk mitigation
instruments as well as counterparties in order to take advantage
of all different sources of capacities on the market. This enables
the retrocession and risk mitigation program to be constructed
with complementary mitigation effects offering optimal efficiency
and also to avoid overdependence on a reduced number of
counterparties.

Beyond traditional retrocession, purchased for all main lines of
business, SCOR has implemented a “Capital Shield Strategy,
which combines the following solutions:

traditional retrocession (proportional or non-proportional);

capital markets solutions and alternative risk transfer solutions
(collateralized retrocession, Insurance-Linked Securities including
catastrophe and extreme mortality bonds, sidecars);

e Solvency buffer; SCOR has set out a solvency scale with clear
and well defined buffers safeguarding the Group's franchise;

e contingent capital facilities, designed as tools of last resort, to
partially replenish the Group's capital base in case of very remote
pre-defined events. The current contingent capital guaranteed
equity line is providing the Group with EUR 300 million coverage.
It is innovative in that it protects the Group against both natural
catastrophes and extreme mortality events.

For information on the Atlas Special Purpose Vehicles, used as
capital markets solutions and alternative risk transfer solutions in
the capital shield policy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 2 — Scope of consolidation. For
information on the contingent capital used in the capital shield
policy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 12 — Information on share capital, capital
management, regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

Retrocession procedures are centralized within the retrocession
teams of the P&C and Life divisions:

e within the P&C division, SCOR Global P&C Underwriting
Management and Retrocession Department establishes and
implements the external retrocession plan for P&C business.
This department is responsible for proper application of the
plan, for monitoring the solvency of the retrocessionaires, the
related counterparty risks and, when necessary, recovery of
balances due;

e within the Life division, scenarios are established within the
Actuarial & Risk Department of SCOR Global Life in order to
define the need for retrocession coverage. The retention and
the retrocession structure are revised every year.

The availability and efficiency of SCOR’s retrocession and risk

mitigation program is monitored at Group level on a regular

basis in order to ensure that the Group’s overall exposure remains
within pre-defined risk tolerances.

For further information on how counterparty default risk related
to retrocessionaires is managed, see Section 3.5 — Credit risk.

An analysis of the share of retrocessionaires in contract liabilities by
rating of the retrocessionaires and collateral from retrocessionaires
in favor of SCOR at December 31, 2016 and 2015 is presented
in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 15 — Net contract liabilities and Note 19 — Net retrocession
result.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 129


--- Page 19 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Market risk

EZ MARKET RISK

3.4.1. MARKET RISK - AN OVERVIEW.

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of
a financial instrument fluctuates because of changes in market
prices or macro-economic variables. This includes interest rate
risk and currency risk, further described below, as well as equity
risk and real estate risk, to which SCOR is exposed to through its
investments. It also includes credit spread risk on these invested
assets exposed to changes in spread due to general changes in
market conditions as well as default risk arising from insolvency
of an issuer or a counterparty. For further information on credit
risk (counterparty default), see Section 3.5 — Credit risk.

3.4.1.1. INTEREST RATE RISK

Interest rates are very sensitive to a number of external factors,
including monetary and budgetary policies, the national and
international economic and political environment, and the risk
aversion of economic actors.

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows
of a financial instrument fluctuates because of changes in interest
rates. Interest rate fluctuations have direct consequences on
both the market value and the return on SCOR’s investments as
the level of unrealized capital gains or losses and the return on
securities held in its portfolio both depend on the level of interest
rates. Floating-rate instruments expose the Group to cash flow
interest rate risk, whereas fixed interest rate instruments expose
the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

During periods of declining interest rates, income from
investments is likely to fall due to investment of net cash flows
and reinvestments of redemptions at rates lower than those of
the existing portfolio (dilutive effect of new investments). During
such periods, there is therefore a risk that SCOR’s return on equity
objectives are not met. For callable bonds for which the issuer
has an option to redeem earlier than the ultimate maturity, the
probability of having to reinvest the early proceeds at lower
interest rates is increased.

On the other hand, an increase in interest rates could lead to
a fall in the market value of fixed income securities that SCOR
holds. In the case of a need for cash, SCOR may be obliged to
sell fixed income securities, possibly resulting in capital losses.
SCOR’s reinsurance business may also be exposed to interest
rate risk. The Group has certain life insurance contracts which
are sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. Although in general
all long-term liabilities are discounted, in most cases there is no
accounting impact from a 100 basis point change in the interest
rate because valuation interest rates are typically locked-in

Finally, the interest rate risk depends on the duration mismatch
between assets and liabilities. As such, changes in interest rates
can affect the shareholders’ equity and the solvency ratio of
the Group.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to interest rate
risk, see Section 3.4.3 - Sensitivity analysis to market risk.

130 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

3.4.1.2. CURRENCY RISK

Currency risk is the risk of loss arising due to adverse changes
in or volatility of foreign exchange rates. This would impact the
value of SCOR‘s assets (e.g. through direct investments in assets
denominated in various currencies) and liabilities (e.g. reinsurance
treaties with liabilities denominated in specific currencies).

The following types of foreign exchange risk have been identified
by SCOR:

Transaction risk

Fluctuations in exchange rates can have consequences on
SCOR's reported net income because of the conversion results
of transactions expressed in foreign currencies, the settlement
of balances denominated in foreign currencies and the lack of
perfect matching between monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
currencies. In this case, and to reduce the impact of imperfect
matching, SCOR uses derivative financial instruments in order
to hedge against currency fluctuations on sensitive currencies,
particularly in times of greater volatility on the capital markets.
Nevertheless, a perfect matching of monetary assets and liabilities
can never be achieved and a potential profit or loss impact due
to fluctuations in exchanges rates can arise.

Translation risk

SCOR publishes its consolidated financial statements in euros,
but a significant part of its income and expenses, as well as of its
assets and liabilities, are denominated in currencies other than the
Euro. Consequently, fluctuations in the exchange rates used to
convert these currencies into euros may have a significant impact
on its reported net income and net equity from year to year.

SCOR’s main non-French legal entities are located in Ireland,
Switzerland, North America, the UK and Asia. The shareholders’
equity of these entities is denominated mainly in Euros, US dollars,
British pounds and Canadian dollars.

Asa result, changes in the exchange rates used to convert foreign
currencies into Euros, particularly the fluctuation of the US dollar
against the Euro, have had and may have in the future, an adverse
effect on the Group's consolidated shareholders’ equity. SCOR
does not fully hedge its exposure to this risk. The impact of
the fluctuation in the exchange rates used to translate foreign
currencies into Euros on its consolidated shareholders’ equity is
described in Section 4.5 — Consolidated statements of changes
in shareholders’ equity.

SCOR has issued debt instruments in currencies other than the
Euro, currently Swiss Francs, and to the extent that these are not
used as a hedge against foreign currency investments, it may be
similarly exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates. Most debts
are fully hedged. For more information on the forward sales and
purchases and swaps of currencies used to hedge these risks see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments. For more information on


--- Page 20 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

debts issued in different currencies, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

Some events, such as catastrophes, can have an impact on the
matching of assets and liabilities in a currency, which can generate
a temporary unmatched position which is not covered by currency
contracts or hedges.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to currency risk,
see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risk.

3.4.1.3. EQUITY RISK

Equity prices are likely to be affected by risks which affect the
market as a whole (uncertainty on economic conditions in general,
such as anticipated changes in growth, inflation, interest rate
fluctuations, sovereign risk, etc.) and/or by risks which influence
a single asset or a small number of assets (specific or idiosyncratic
risk). This may lead to a decrease in prices of the equity held by
SCOR and may impact its unrealized gains and losses. A material
or long-lasting decline in the prices of SCOR’s equity holdings
may also result in the impairment of its equity portfolio which
would affect its net income.

The Group's exposure to the equity market results from direct
purchases of stocks or investments in equity funds and in convex
equity strategies such as convertible bonds.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to currency risk,
see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risk.

3.4.2. MANAGEMENT OF MARKET RISK.

The investment strategy complies with the prudent person
principle. It is defined given the Risk Appetite and Risk Tolerance
and takes into account the economic and market environment
in line with a strong ALM process.

Investment Guidelines at Group and local levels outline the
investment universe and limits, including concentration ones, in
line with the objectives of the strategic plan. They are approved
by the Group Board/local Board or top management.

SCOR has outsourced the implementation of its investment
strategy to its asset management company “SCOR Investment
Partners SE” and to external asset managers. They are provided
with the investment guidelines.

Exposures to major risks are monitored on a weekly basis and
stress tests measure the impact of parametric or footprint
scenarios on the invested assets portfolio. These scenarios cover
changes in interest rates, inflation, equities, credit spreads and
real estate market. Portfolio sensitivity analysis to major risks is
an important management tool which is used when making
portfolio reallocation or hedging decisions.

Market risk <

3.4.1.4. REAL ESTATE RISK

Real estate risk, either for properties owned directly or through
funds, are risks arising from a variation in the real estate market
valuation or a change in rental market conditions, the two being
closely linked.

Rental income from the property portfolio is exposed to the
variation in the indices on which the rents are indexed (for
instance, the Construction Cost Index in France) as well as risks
related to the rental market (changes in supply and demand,
changes in vacancy rates, impact on market rental values or rent
renewals) and lessee default. On the other hand the indexation
may provide an attractive hedge against inflation

The value of property assets is exposed to the risk of regulatory
obsolescence of properties (regulatory developments related to
the accessibility of buildings for people with a disability, on the
reduction of energy consumption and the production of carbon
dioxide, etc.) which would lead to losses of value in the event of
a sale of the assets or to additional expenditure to restore the
value of the property.

3.4.1.5. CREDIT SPREAD RISK

Credit spreads reflect the market's assessment of the credit quality
of a financial instrument (e.g. a bond) and are derived from the
market value of the instrument. Credit spread risk is the risk that
the credit spread increases i.e. the market value deteriorates
leading potentially to a loss on the financial instrument.

3.4.2.1. MANAGEMENT OF INTEREST
RATE RISK

The Group's aim is to maintain an appropriate mix of fixed and
variable rate instruments. It also manages the maturities of interest
bearing financial assets.

Interest rate risk is managed within the Group primarily at two
levels. At the level of each entity, the Group takes into account
the regulatory and accounting constraints. At the Group level,
SCOR reviews its consolidated investment portfolios in order to
identify the overall level of risk and return. It uses analytical tools
which guide both its strategic allocation and local distribution
of assets. Sensitivity to changes in interest rates is analyzed on
a weekly basis.

In addition, SCOR has entered into interest rates swaps to cover
its exposure to financial liabilities with variable interest rates. For
further details on these swaps, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 9 — Derivative instruments.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to interest rate
tisk, see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risk.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———€@) 131


--- Page 21 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Market risk

3.4.2.2. MANAGEMENT OF CURRENCY
RISK

SCOR has a balance sheet hedging approach whereby there
is an objective to match monetary assets and liabilities in each
foreign currency so that the fluctuation in the exchange rate has
no material impact on the reported net income. The policy is to
closely monitor the net monetary currency positions and, where
appropriate, execute either cash arbitrages or forward hedges.

The Group has one net investment hedge in place to reduce
its exposure to variations in the net assets of a USD functional
currency subsidiary.

3.4.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF EQUITY RISK

With regards to equity, the Group’s objective is to develop and
manage a high-quality diversified portfolio.

The Group’s equity selection is predominantly based on a
bottom-up fundamental analysis with the goal to develop a
diversified portfolio of stocks and convertible bonds directly or
through mutual funds. Due to the inherent volatility of equities,
this asset class (direct positions and mutual funds) is monitored on
a daily basis, facilitating quick arbitrage or portfolio re-allocation
decisions. On a Group level, the equity exposure is set and reviewed

3.4.3. SENSITIVITY TO MARKET RISK.

at least quarterly by the Group Investment Committee. The equity
tisk is also monitored by establishing maximum exposures per
stock or mutual fund and is reviewed regularly (e.g. exposure to
large-cap stocks will generally be greater than exposure to mid-cap
stocks). The holding’s ratios on mutual funds are also reviewed
regularly, based on the mutual fund's portfolio.

3.4.2.4. MANAGEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
RISK

SCOR has adopted an active strategy to select core buildings and
focuses on high environmental quality.

3.4.2.5. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT
SPREAD RISK

SCOR applies strict limits in terms of asset concentration by asset
class but also within a single asset class and actively diversifies
its portfolio (by type of investment, by issuer, by country and by
sector). These limits also enable to limit counterparty default
risk arising from investments, as described in the Section 3.5.2 —
Management of credit risk.

For information on the ratings of the debt securities owned by
SCOR, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 7 — Insurance business investments.

The following table summarizes the accounting sensitivity of the
Group’s consolidated income and consolidated equity to market
risks based on reasonably possible movements in key variables with
all other variables held constant. The assumptions included are:

Interest rate risk

The interest rate sensitivities for equity presented in the table
below include movements on the bond portfolio, cash and cash
equivalents, structured notes, the impact of changes in interest
rates on variable rate financial liabilities and the GMDB business.

The interest rate sensitivities of income presented in the table
below show the impact of changes in fair value of financial assets
at fair value through income held at closing date, and changes
in income on variable rate financial assets held at the closing
date, following an increase/decrease in interest rates of 100 basis
points. An estimate of the impact on the future income following
a change of 100 basis points is therefore included. However,
SCOR does not include in this analysis the impact that changes
in interest rates might have on the reinvestment of future cash
flows, as future cash flows of SCOR business are difficult to predict
and asset allocations might change over time.

132 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

Equity price risk

SCOR conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of net income and
shareholders’ equity to the price of equity securities. The analysis
considers the impact on both equities at fair value through
the income statement and on equities classified as available
for sale. For equities classified as available for sale, the impact
on impairment is computed by applying the accounting policy
and application guidance set out in Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance business
investments, to theoretical future market value changes. SCOR
estimates that, excluding any impairment arising from duration,
a further uniform decline of 10% from December 31, 2016
market values would generate no further impairment of equity
securities (2015: EUR 1 million; 2014: EUR 1 million). It should
be noted that this figure should not be scaled up or down as the
impairment rules are not a linear function of market value. For
example, a scenario with a market value decline of 20% would
not double the potential further equity impairment.

Both Life and P&C businesses have minimal sensitivity to equity
price movements.


--- Page 22 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS 3
Market risk < #

The market sensitivities of the Group are estimated as follows:

December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015 December 31, 2014

In EUR million Income 2) Equity?) Income 2) Equity 2°) Income 2°) Equity
Interest +100 basis point 20 (468) 14 (414) 12 (390)
% of Equity 0.3% -7.0% 0.2% 6.5% 0.2% 6.8%
Interest — 100 basis points (20) 402 (14) 310 (13) 324
% of Equity -0.3% 6.0% -0.2)% 4.9% -0.2% 5.7%
Equity markets +10%'” 6 34 7 28 5 26
% of Equity 0.1% -0.5% 0.1% 0.4% 0.1% 0.5%
Equity markets -10%"” (6) (34) (7) (28) (5) (26)
% of Equity -0.1% -0.5% -0.1% -0.4% -0.1% -0.5%

(1) Excludes investments in hedge funds which normally do not have a uniform correlation to equity markets and securities where SCOR has a strategic
investment including where the Group has a substantial shareholding but does not meet the “significant influence" criteria in IAS 28.

(2) The reduction in equity represents the estimated net asset impact including the additional impairment recognized in the income statement.

(3) Net of tax at an estimated average rate of 27% in 2016 (21% in 2015 and 24% in 2014).

Currency risk For currency translation risk, the following sensitivity analysis”
. . . considers the impact on equity of a 10% movement in the

The Group recognized a net foreign exchange gain of exchange rates of the Group’s two largest translation risk currency

EUR 11 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 (2015: gain exposures, USD and GBP relative to the EUR.

of EUR 16 million and 2014: gain of EUR 11 million).

7 Currency Equity impact
In EUR million movement aE 116 | 2015 2014
USD/EUR 10% 365 347 271
% of equity 5.5% 5.5% 4.8%
USD/EUR -10% (365) (347) (271)
% of equity 5.5% -5.5% 4.8%
GBP/EUR 10% 30 41 37
% of equity 0.4% 0.6% 0.6%
GBP/EUR -10% (30) (41) (37)
% of equity -0.4% -0.6% -0.6%

(1) This analysis excludes the impact of hedging activity.

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 133


--- Page 23 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Credit risk

EXE CREDIT RISK

3.5.1. OVERVIEW OF CREDIT RISK.

Credit risk is the risk of incurring a loss as a result of a change in
the financial situation of a counterparty.

This includes counterparty default risk which is the risk that one
party to a financial instrument or other asset will cause a financial
loss to the other party by failing to discharge an obligation. Credit
risk also includes migration risk, which is the risk of a potential
loss in the value of assets due to changes in the credit quality of
our counterparties.

SCOR is mainly exposed to the following credit risks or the
accumulation of such risks in a single counterparty, in the same
sector of activity or the same country: from bond and loan
portfolios, liabilities retroceded also called share of retrocessionaires
in contract liabilities, deposits with cedents, future cash-flows from
Life reinsurance treaties, cash deposits at banks and default of
members of pools which SCOR is a member of. SCOR may also
be exposed to credit risk through its Credit and Surety reinsurance
portfolio.

Credit risk is actively monitored and managed. The processes for
managing the respective credit risks and the methods used to
measure these risks are further described below.

3.5.1.1. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO BOND
AND LOAN PORTFOLIOS

A deterioration in the financial situation of an issuer (sovereign,
public or private) or borrower can, for example, lead to its
insolvency and to the partial or total loss of coupons and of the
principal invested or lead to a loss in value.

This risk applies also to loan transactions in which the Group
invests. The borrower’ solvency deterioration may lead to a partial
or total loss of the coupons and the nominal invested by SCOR.

For information on the debt securities portfolio, see Section 4.6 —
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 Insurance
business investment.

3.5.1.2. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO
RETROCEDED LIABILITIES

SCOR transfers part of its risks to retrocessionaires via retrocession
programs in exchange for the payment of premiums. The
retrocessionaires then assume the losses related to claims covered
by the retrocession contracts. If a retrocessionaire defaulted, or
its financial situation deteriorated, SCOR could lose part or all of
the coverage provided by its retrocessionaire whereas it would
retain its liability towards the cedent for the payment of all claims
covered under the reinsurance contract.

SCOR could also lose receivables from the defaulting
retrocessionaire (receivables are due to a timing difference
between statement accounts received and real payment due for
positive balances of retrocessionaire accounts).

134 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

The retrocessionaires’ share in the reserves broken down by
retrocessionaires’ financial rating is included in Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract
liabilities.

3.5.1.3. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO
DEPOSITS WITH CEDENTS

SCOR may be exposed to credit risk in relation to amounts
deposited with ceding companies in respect of reinsurance reserves
which cover its liabilities. However, depositing these amounts
does not a priori discharge the Group of its liability towards the
cedent in cases where it is not able to recover all or part of these
amounts in the event of a cedent default or a deterioration in the
financial situation of that cedent. Hence, it is at least in principle,
possible that the Group may remain liable for paying claims due
under the reinsurance treaty without being able to offset all or
part of the corresponding deposits.

3.5.1.4. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO
FUTURE CASH FLOWS FROM
LIFE REINSURANCE TREATIES

Under most of its Life reinsurance contracts, SCOR expects to
receive premiums from its cedents over several years. These often
exceed expected future payments for claims, commissions, etc.,
meaning that SCOR expects to receive positive future cash flows.

Credit risk on future cash flows from Life reinsurance policies
arises from two risk factors:

e the payment of future cash flows expected under Life reinsurance
contracts requires that the cedent is financially sound. Therefore,
SCOR risks a reduction in the value of its portfolio of Life
contracts in the event of a deterioration in the financial strength
of the cedent. This may lead to the impairment of SCOR’s
intangible assets, ie. the value of business acquired (VOBA)
and deferred acquisition costs (DAC);

a reduction in the value of future cash flows could arise
from material unexpected lapsation of policies following a
deterioration of the cedent’s credit rating or standing or an
event which has a negative effect on the cedent’s reputation.

3.5.1.5. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO CASH
DEPOSITS AT BANKS

SCOR is exposed to the risk of losing all or part of any cash
deposited with a retail bank in the event such a bank is no longer
able, due to insolvency, to honor its commitments (e.g. following
liquidation). The current main risk for the Group is the significant
concentration of deposits in a small number of banks. This risk is
a direct result of the selection of the most stable banks.


--- Page 24 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.5.1.6. OTHER CREDIT RISKS

For special, highly-technical risk categories such as terrorism,
nuclear, aviation or pollution, SCOR chooses to participate in
various market dedicated groups of insurers and reinsurers
(“pools”) aimed at pooling the relevant risks among the members

3.5.2. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK.

Credit risk <

of each group pools which offer best available expertise and risk
sharing at market level. In the event of a total or partial default by
one of the members of a group, it could be required to assume,
in the event of joint liability of the members, all or part of the
liabilities of the defaulting member.

3.5.2.1. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO BOND AND LOAN
PORTFOLIOS

SCOR mitigates the credit risk related to bond and loan portfolios
by careful analysis and selection of issuers, and by a policy of
geographic sector diversification. SCOR maintains its investment
policy in high-quality assets and in countries with the lowest
sovereign risk.

Exposure analyses are performed on a regular basis (sector,
geographical area, counterparty and rating) and enables critical
risks to be identified and evaluated in order to take appropriate
actions.

For details on the debt securities portfolio, see Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments.

3.5.2.2. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT
RISK RELATED TO SHARES
OF RETROCEDED LIABILITIES

SCOR selects retrocessionaires carefully, taking into account their
financial strength, and regularly monitors the Group’s exposure
to retrocessionaires taking into account all relevant accounting
balances (estimated and actual claims, premiums, reserves,
deposits and pledges) and provides a summary reports to the
Divisional and Group Risk Committees on a regular basis. SCOR
typically requires that unrated retrocessionaires pledge assets
or provide other forms of collateral (cash deposits or letters of
credit) to the value of their maximum potential contract liability,
even though the actual retrocessionaire liability to SCOR in the
balance sheet is lower.

The retrocessionaires’ share in the reserves broken down by
retrocessionaires’ financial rating is included in Section 4.6,
Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.

3.5.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO DEPOSITS WITH
CEDENTS

SCOR favors deposit arrangements with the ability to offset
liabilities against deposits with high legal certainty.

Deposits with cedents are monitored through a quarterly analysis
of exposure and associated risks. Actions aiming at reducing or
limiting the exposure (e.g. ad-hoc legal opinions, introduction of
offset clauses) can be implemented where needed.

3.5.2.4. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT
RISK RELATED TO FUTURE
CASH FLOWS FROM LIFE
REINSURANCE TREATIES

SCOR monitors the development of its cedents financial situation
through regular contact, which enables to SCOR to take
appropriate action when deemed necessary. In addition, credit
risk on future cash flows from Life reinsurance policies is mitigated
by industry-wide protection solutions in several countries, such
as “Protektor” in Germany.

For more details on the impact of the valuation of intangible assets,
see Section 3.2.5 — The valuation of SCOR’s intangible assets
and deferred tax assets may significantly affect its shareholders’
equity and the price of its securities, and Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 6 — VOBA.

3.5.2.5. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO CASH DEPOSITS
AT BANKS

SCOR selects bank counterparties according to their rating and
credit quality. Concentration risk from cash deposits at banks is
mitigated by setting counterparty exposure limits. SCOR takes
into consideration the public assistance (e.g., loans, guarantees of
deposits, nationalizations) which certain banks may benefit from
during a financial crisis, as they are important in the economy of
their respective country.

For further information on how risks related to invested assets
are managed, see Section 3.4.2 - Management of market risk.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 135


--- Page 25 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Credit risk

3.5.2.6. MANAGEMENT OF OTHER CREDIT RISKS

In the event of joint liability of the members in pools to which SCOR participates, the risk of default of other pool members is carefully

monitored by SCOR:

e through its appointment as director and via the participation of its senior management in dedicated committees such as Audit and
Risk Committees and Technical Committees, for the pools in which SCOR’s participation is the most significant; and

e via the careful consideration of the financial situation of other pool members. This contributes to the application of sound and

robust governance.

3.5.2.7. AGING OF ASSETS

The following table provides an overall analysis of the aging of financial assets and receivables as at December 31, 2016:

1-12 12-24 24-36 > 36
In EUR million Current months months months months Total
Available-for-sale financial assets 16,553 - - - - 16,553
Financial assets at fair value through income 812 - - - - 812
Derivative instruments 187 - - - - 187
Loans and receivables 9,815 - - - - 9,815
Insurance receivables 5,330 871 34 11 31 6,277
Tax receivables 164 - - - - 164
Miscellaneous assets 292 4 - - - 296
Cash and cash equivalents. 1,688 - - - - 1,688
TOTAL 34,842 875 34 11 31 35,792
The following table provides an overall analysis of the aging of financial assets as at December 31, 2015:
1-12 12-24 24-36 > 36

In EUR million Current months months months months Total
Available-for-sale financial assets 15,381 - - - - 15,381
Financial assets at fair value through income 744 - - - - 744
Derivative instruments 221 - - - - 221
Loans and receivables 10,492 - - - - 10,492
Insurance receivables 4,929 369 36 11 33 5,378
Tax receivables 138 - - - - 138
Miscellaneous assets 208 3 - - - 211
Cash and cash equivalents. 1,626 - - - - 1,626
TOTAL 33,739 372 36 1 33 34,191

Assets have been categorized within the above aging analysis
according to their original due date. The due date for each of
these instruments may vary depending on the type of asset.
Insurance receivables business credit terms are typically based on
normal terms of trade, as specified within contracts. Insurance
receivables include estimates, which are presented as current.
The available-for-sale investments and fair value through income
categories presented above include fixed income securities and
equity securities. For fixed income securities, amounts are only
presented as non-current if the security has not been redeemed
‘on the date of maturity and therefore the amount receivable is
past due. For equity securities, due to the absence of a contractual

136 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

date of redemption, these instruments are presented as current.
Other assets presented in the above aging analysis, including
derivative instruments, loans and receivables, cash and cash
equivalents and other accounts receivable, are presented in a
similar manner as those instruments described above, depending
on the existence of a redemption date.

Impairment information relating to financial assets is included
in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments, Note 8 — Accounts
receivable from and payable on assumed and ceded insurance
and reinsurance transactions and Note 18 — Investment income.


--- Page 26 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

EXAILIQUIDITY RISK

3.6.1. OVERVIEW OF LIQUIDITY RISK.

Liquidity risk arises when available liquidity is not sufficient to
meet liquidity needs. This liquidity shortfall can result either from:

e a deviation from planned liquidity needs over either the short
term, or the medium/long term;

e a deviation from estimated liquidity capacities, e.g. due to
adverse business conditions.

3.6.1.1. LIQUIDITY NEEDS

SCOR needs liquidity to pay claims, operating expenses, interest
payments and redemptions on its debts and declared dividends
on its share capital. Without sufficient liquidity, the Group may be
forced to curtail its operations, and business will suffer. In the case
of catastrophe claims, in particular, it may need to settle amounts
which exceed the amount of available liquidity in a reduced
timeframe. SCOR’s liquidity needs to cover catastrophe exposures
is calibrated using the Group's gross (before retrocession) Nat
Cat annual loss distributions, on top of other regular liquidity
needs as listed above

Liquidity needs may also arise from increased collateral
requirements. Some facilities SCOR uses to grant letters of credit
to cedents require 100% collateral in case of non-compliance
with financial covenants or in case of a decrease in the Group's
financial strength rating, which would result in a deterioration of
the Group's liquidity level. Collateral arrangements are also used
by SCOR when operating business in jurisdictions that demand
a higher level of reserves than under IFRS in other jurisdictions.
This is especially the case in the US for business falling under
the NAIC Model Regulation XXX or Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies Model Regulation, commonly referred to as Regulation
XXX (or Triple X). Letters of Credit carry the risk of a duration
mismatch, i.e. that short-term Letters of Credit are covering
long-term business and might have to be renewed as less favorable
conditions, creating additional cost.

Information on SCOR’ letter of credit facilities, including related
financial covenants, is included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 23 — Commitments
received and granted.

Liquidity risk <

3.6.1.2. SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY

The principal internal sources of the Group’s liquidity are
reinsurance premiums, cash flows from its investment portfolio
and other assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are
readily convertible into cash.

External sources of liquidity in normal markets include a
variety of short and long-term instruments, such as repurchase
agreements, commercial paper, medium and long-term debt,
junior subordinated debt securities, capital securities and raising
additional funds in the equity markets. For further information
on SCOR's debt, including related financial covenants, see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

SCOR‘s ability to access external sources of liquidity may be subject
to adverse capital and credit market conditions.

Liquidity risks are increased when capital and credit markets
experience extreme volatility or disruption, as SCOR may need to
sell a significant portion of its assets quickly and on unfavorable
terms, particularly if current internal resources do not satisfy its
liquidity needs.

This risk may be increased due to the characteristics of certain
assets held by SCOR, whose liquidity may be limited due to
contractual or regulatory constraints (e.g. investments in corporate,
real estate or infrastructure loans).

The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety
of factors. These notably include market conditions, the general
availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall
availability of credit to the financial services industry, SCOR’s credit
ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers
or lenders could develop a negative perception of SCOR’s long- or
short-term financial prospects if the Group incurs large investment
losses or if the level of SCOR’s business activity decreases due to
a market downturn. Similarly, access to funds may be impaired
if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative action
that could penalize SCOR. The liquidity of several asset classes
owned by SCOR may also be negatively impacted by changes
to regulations or by non-conventional monetary policies. If so,
these factors could prevent SCOR from successfully obtaining
additional financing on favorable terms, if any.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 137


--- Page 27 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Liquidity risk

3.6.2. MANAGEMENT OF LIQUIDITY RISK.

Timing and transferability

SCOR’ liquidity position is closely monitored from two points of
view: timing and transferability.

Timing

SCOR assesses liquidity risks arising from both short-term and

long-term liquidity needs. SCOR manages these risks via different

mechanisms which consider:

e actions to be taken by the insurance or reinsurance business
areas to take into account both short term and long term
liquidity risk (see maturity profiles in Section 3.6.3 — Maturity
profiles); and

e the appropriateness of the composition of the assets in terms

of their nature, duration and liquidity in order to meet the
obligations as they fall due.
Short- term liquidity, or cash management, includes the day-to-day
cash requirements under normal business conditions.

Liquidity considerations over the long-term need must be assessed
in a way which takes into consideration the possibility of various
unexpected and potentially adverse business conditions where

3.6.3. MATURITY PROFILES.

assets may not be sold for current market values. SCOR has
defined an internal methodology to estimate the level of its liquid
free assets (i.e. non-pledged assets) which could be sold within
a reasonable timeframe.

Transferability

In addition, SCOR monitors the level of transferability of liquid
free assets between entities, depending on local and regulatory
constraints.

The Group has also been granted credit facilities from several
banks to support the reinsurance activities of various subsidiaries.
The Group regularly adapts and renews these facilities to support
its business needs.

Additional information on the timing of repayments and liquidity
risk is included in Section 3.6.3 — Maturity profiles. For further
information on liquid assets of SCOR Group, see Section 4.6 —
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments.

Additional information on SCOR’s letter of credit facilities is
included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the financial statement, Note 23 —
Commitments received and granted.

3.6.3.1. SCOR GLOBAL P&C (NON-LIFE)

The technical reserves of SCOR Global P&C are established on an undiscounted basis (except workers compensation and payments
in annuity on Motor Liability). The table below includes the estimated maturity profiles of the Non-Life insurance liabilities based on

payment patterns derived from historical data.

P&C insurance contact liabilities

In EUR million 0-1 year 1-3 years 3-7 years > 7 years Total
As at December 31, 2016 3,629 4,222 3,357 2,837 14,045
As at December 31, 2015 3,619 4,409 3,350 2,611 13,989

The analysis of the balance sheet reserve movements, including net paid losses, is included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated

financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.

138 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR


--- Page 28 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.6.3.2. SCOR GLOBAL LIFE

The projections for insurance contract liabilities of the Life segment
have been prepared on a best estimate basis. The amounts
below represent the estimated maturity profile of the assumed
contract liabilities. For long-term life reinsurance, benefit payments
are typically settled net of premiums (for treaties with periodic
premium payments). Where contract liabilities require to deposit

The table below reflects gross cash outflows:

Life insurance contract liabi

Liquidity risk <

cash to the cedent as collateral, the settlement normally also
includes certain other account items, primarily the release of
the deposits. For contracts where funds withheld are used to
offset the amounts settled between SCOR and its cedents, funds
withheld to cover the life insurance contract liabilities in the table
below mature at the same date as the respective Life insurance
contract liabilities.

In EUR million <1 year 1-S5years 6-10 years > 10 years Total
As at December 31, 2016 2,751 958 1,327 9,432 14,468
As at December 31, 2015 1,868 1,128 639 10,109 13,744

3.6.4. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES.

Maturity profiles have been based on undiscounted contractual
maturities and include contractual interest payments (including
those from cross-currency and interest rate swaps). In the case
of perpetual debt, or debt which is subject to multiple optional

As at December 31, 2016

reimbursement dates, the analysis below has been prepared
based on the assumption that the Company does not make use
of any of the early optional reimbursement dates. Perpetual debts
are classified in the column “over 5 years” (no maturity date).

Debt maturity profiles

In EUR million Interest rate ranges <1 year 1-5 years > 5 years* Total**
Subordinated debt 1.83% — 3.91% 75 278 3,306 3,659
Real estate debt 0.78% — 4.47% 41 402 96 539
Other financial debt 0.03% 5 2 4 11
TOTAL 121 682 3,406 4,209
As at December 31, 2015
Debt maturity profiles

In EUR million Interest rate ranges <1 year 1-5 years > 5 years* Total**
Subordinated debt 1.02% - 6.98% 110 349 3,501 3,960
Real estate debt 0.97% — 4.50% 59 341 175 575
Other financial debt 0.19% 6 2 - 8
TOTAL 175 692 3,676 4,543

* Interest on perpetual debt as at December 31, 2016 of EUR 40 million, on a yearly basis (2015: EUR 84 million).
** Of the amounts above, EUR 84" million (2015: EUR 98 million) relate to variable rate debt.

Details on financial liabilities are presented in Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 13 — Financial
liabilities.

Maturity analyses of financial assets that are held for managing
liquidity risk are presented within Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance business
investments.

Various entities in the Group rent their office headquarters.
The minimum payments relating to these operating leases are
presented within Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 9 — Miscellaneous Assets (Tangible assets and
related commitments).

(1) These amounts exclude debt which has been swapped from a variable interest rate to a fixed interest rate.

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 139


--- Page 29 ---

#3

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

> Operational risk

ERA OPERATIONAL RISK

3.7.1. OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONAL RISK.

Operational risks are inherent to all businesses including SCOR’s.
Operational risks may be split into four broad categories further
described below: risks related to staff, systems or facilities,
processes or external events.

3.7.1.1. RISKS RELATED TO STAFF

Risks related to staff can arise as follows:

e the failure to attract or retain key personnel or the loss of
crucial information/skills concentrated in a single person, or
of a whole team;

incidents due to mistakes or non-compliance with instructions,
guidelines or policies;

e internal staff mandated by SCOR having authorized access to
SCOR's offices or systems taking advantage of SCOR’s assets
for personal gain e.g. through misappropriation of assets, tax
evasion, intentional mismarking of positions or bribery;

e intentional damage to SCOR’s assets (including data) required
to perform its operations by internal or external staff could
lead to significant additional remediation costs (to rebuild
databases or systems).

3.7.1.2. RISKS RELATED TO SYSTEMS
OR FACILITIES

Risks related to systems can arise as follows:

ea malfunction or a major breakdown in SCOR’s IT systems,
outages, disruptions due to viruses, attacks by hackers and thefts
or data breaches. This can occur within SCOR’s own environment
or to a third party providing services or data to SCOR;

e interruption of any of SCOR‘s IT systems leading to loss of data,
delays in service or in a loss of efficiency of teams, which could
lead to remediation costs, loss of contracts or damage to the
Group's reputation. In addition, these incidents could increase
other operational risks such as external fraud or human error
(e.g. delay in the recognition of adverse business development).
The interruption of these systems could damage commercial
activities including underwriting, pricing, reserving, premium and
claims payment, commercial support, and asset management;

in addition, the facilities in which SCOR operates might be
impacted by natural or man-made perils. The offices might
need to be closed for a period of time potentially resulting
in a loss of productivity and business opportunity, as well as
remediation costs.

140 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

3.7.1.3. RISKS RELATED TO PROCESSES

SCOR’s risk management policies, procedures and controls may
not be appropriate or sufficient. In particular, any additional
workload to the planned activities could reduce the effectiveness
of some processes and controls. For example, the creation of a
new entity or development of a new Line of Business may lead
to an accumulation of operational risks.

Since SCOR remains responsible for commitments or services
contracted, including for outsourced activities, an inappropriate
client relationship management or inadequate level of service
and/or product quality provided by SCOR to its clients or breach
of contract may lead to a loss of profitable business relationships.

In addition, SCOR may be involved in legal and arbitration
proceedings due to non-protective terms of a contract, denounced
either by third parties or internally which could lead to an
unfavorable outcome. There are no governmental, judicial or
arbitration proceedings, including any proceedings SCOR would
be aware of, pending or which SCOR could be threatened with,
likely to have or having a significant impact on SCOR‘s financial
situation or profitability over the last 12 months. For information
on this issue, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 25 — Litigation.

Some of SCOR’s and SCOR’s subsidiaries’ processes are partially
or fully outsourced. Failed outsourced processes could lead to
direct losses and other operational incidents.


--- Page 30 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.7.1.4. RISKS RELATED TO EXTERNAL
EVENTS

SCOR may be exposed to an unfavorable business environment
such as evolving or additional regulatory constraints potentially
hindering its business model.

Legal and regulatory risk

As an international group, SCOR must comply with national
and international laws, regulations and accounting standards.
This includes all applicable economic sanctions, anti-bribery
as well as anti-terrorism laws and regulations applicable to its
operations, such as the economic trade sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the United States Department of
the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) as well
as certain laws administered by the United States Department
of State, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other
anti-bribery laws such as the UK Bribery Act that generally bar
corrupt payments or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments
or officials. The level of legal, regulatory, tax or accounting
requirements depends on several factors including the type of
business (e.g. primary insurance or reinsurance business), the
location and the legal structure of the entity. The large number of
regulatory environments, as well as changes in regulations increase
the complexity of the related processes. Any violation of laws,
regulations or accounting requirements could expose SCOR
to fines, class actions with compensation payments, accounts
restatements or business restrictions.

For further details on current main regulatory developments which
may have an impact on SCOR, see Section 3.2.3 — Risks related
to capital and legal and regulatory developments.

Other risks related to external events

SCOR is also exposed to external fraud which is characterized by
the fraudulent misappropriation of certain SCOR assets by third

Operational risk <

parties. External frauds may be perpetrated by various means
including cyber-attacks, and usually target cash or data. Should
they succeed in bypassing the controls or protection measures in
place, this could generate a direct loss for the Group.

SCOR is exposed to cyber-attacks which can be very diverse in
their sophistication and execution. The main targets are system
functions, data and cash management. Immediate repercussions
include:

© systems could be slowed down, corrupted or stopped potentially
resulting in loss of productivity, corrupted data and remediation
costs;

e data could be stolen, deleted or corrupted, or made public in
contradiction with SCOR’s regulatory or contractual obligations.

Any of these could generate a reputational risk, give rise to a
breach of SCOR’s legal responsibility, and may result in regulatory
sanctions depending on the level of sensitivity of the data or
system that is successfully attacked. The cyber-attack could also
assist external fraudsters resulting in a financial loss.

3.7.1.5. INSURANCE OF SPECIFIC

OPERATIONAL RISKS

Some of the above operational risks are transferred in whole or
in part to direct insurers'as follows:

e the properties and other assets of SCOR and its subsidiaries
are covered locally through property and fire damage as well
as IT risk policies;

e liability risks are mostly covered at Group level and include civil
liability risks related to the operation of the Company caused
by employees and real estate, professional liability risks, civil
liability risks of directors and officers, and cyber risks.

Nevertheless, these insurance covers could prove to be insufficient.
In case of a loss, the insurance companies could also possibly
contest their liability towards SCOR.

(1) Generally speaking, the insurance covers mentioned in this section illustrate the Group's policy of transferring some of its own risks. However, these insurance covers
remain subject to the provisions of corresponding contracts, specifically those regarding possible sub-limits of cover, particular deductibles and geographic scope of

cover and/or particular exclusions

#3

SCOR / Registration Document 201% ———@) 141


--- Page 31 ---

3.7.2. MANAGEMENT OF OPERATIONAL RISK.

The two main principles driving the operational risk management
approach are:

e exhaustiveness: ensure that a complete and exhaustive
identification of all risks within the Group is carried out to the
extent possible;

© proportionality: once operational risks are identified,
management uses appropriate and proportionate responses,
resources and procedures, focusing on key risks.

The process owners are responsible for managing operational
risks within the processes. To meet high quality standards, the
Group relies on a highly qualified staff to manage processes and
the risks within these processes.

In order to support the staff, SCOR has developed Internal Control
System (ICS) standards. According to the ICS standards, process
owners should be in a position to identify the critical operational
risks within the processes assigned to their area of responsibility.
The process owners design, implement and operate appropriate
key controls and maintain the net risk exposure at or below an
acceptable level of possible damage.

142 ©—— Registration Document 2016 /SCOR

At Group level, experienced staff members collect relevant
information and analyses on operational risks, on a qualitative
and quantitative basis. When relevant, they develop key indicators,
with support from Group Risk Management. The Group has also
implemented regular risk reporting mechanisms in order to provide
for an overview of risks across the Group, as well as mitigate and
monitor risks identified

At legal entity level, depending on local requirements, specific
operational risk management processes are implemented, where
relevant.

In addition, through its assignments, Group Internal Audit (GIA)
contributes to the oversight of operational risk management.

Outsourcing some activities or processes may improve or streamline
some aspects of a process, but SCOR is still expected to deliver
the same level of service. Principles to properly manage potential
operational risks stemming from outsourcing of certain functions
are set out in dedicated policies and guidelines.

On risks which may develop rapidly, such as external fraud, SCOR
frequently adapts its risk management, for example by organizing
specific training programs and sending regular warnings and
detailed instructions to its employees.
