

--- Page 1 ---

Report of the Directors

MARKET TRENDS

2016

It was another year of global economic volatility in 2016. For
Scania it was a year of record net sales, all-time high in total

16.5%

Scania’s market share in
Europe based on truck
registrations 2016

49,469

Number of registered
Scania trucks in Europe
2016

vehicle deliveries and a solid demand for service — a

devlopment mainly driven by Europe, while continuing low
demand in Brazil offset some of the positive effects.

Vehicles and services

In 2016 Scania’s total vehicle deliveries reached an
all-time high of 81,346 units (76,561), an increase of
six percent from 2015. There were 73,093 truck
deliveries in full year 2016 compared to 69,762 in full
year 2015, a rise of 5 percent. Deliveries of buses
and coaches in full year 2016 increased by

21 percent from the previous year, to 8,253 units
(6,799). Demand for Scania’s service-related
products continues to increase, and service revenue
for 2016 amounted to a record of nearly SEK 22
billion, an increase of 5 percent from 2015. In local
currency, the increase was 7 percent. In engines, the
total number of deliveries decreased by 8 percent to
7,800 (8,485) units during full year 2016.

The truck market in Europe

The economic growth in Europe continued during
2016. The total market for heavy trucks in 25 of the
European Union member countries (all EU countries
except Greece, Bulgaria,and Malta) plus Norway
and Switzerland increased by 12.4 percent to about
300,200 (267,100) units during full year 2016. The
replacement need, due to relatively high average
age of the truck population, and the economic
situation in Europe continues to have a positive
impact on demand for trucks.

42 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

SEK
21,611 m.

Service revenue 2016

Continued high market share

Scania’s truck registrations rose to 49,469 units in
2016, reaching a market share of 16.5 percent,
compared to 16.4 2015. The high level confirms that
the current Scania truck range delivers a level of
quality and performance that customers highly
appreciate. The high market share is also connected
to the early and very successful introduction of the
Euro 6 range and Scania’s broad engine range for
alternative fuels. Increased sales activities in new
segments have also contributed to the high market
share in Europe. Deliveries in Europe were high in
most countries, but the increase was mainly related
to Italy, France, Poland and UK.

Market share

Trucks above 16 tonnes, 25 EU countries plus Norway and
Switzerland (all EU countries except Greece, Bulgaria and
Malta).

DB vreeceeeececeeees

20

— Mercedes

= Scania

= Volvo
— DAF
— MAN

= Renault

= Wweco


--- Page 2 ---

Uncertainty remains in Latin America

The persistent economic uncertainty in Scania’s biggest Latin
American market of Brazil continues to hold back demand of
trucks. Scania truck registrations in Brazil amounted to some
4,245 units, equivalent to a market share of about 14.3 (12.6)
percent. Demand held up relatively well in other Latin American
markets such as Chile and Peru.

Varying demand in other markets

In Eurasia, where Russia is the largest market, Scania’s truck
deliveries increased to 3,233 units during 2016. The Russian
market seems to have bottomed out but with the geopolitical
turbulence in the region, the outlook remains uncertain.

In Asia, truck deliveries of 9,287 were lower than the total of
11,514 in full year 2015, mainly explained by a decrease in
Turkey, partly offset by increases in South Korea, China

and Iran.

Truck deliveries for Africa and Oceania decreased very slightly
in full year 2016 to 4,449 units (4,465) the previous year,
explained by decreases in South Africa, Kenya and Tanzania,
partly offset by an increase in Algeria.

The bus and coach market

Total deliveries of buses and coaches in full year 2016
increased by 21 percent from the previous year, to 8,253 units
(6,799). In Europe, Scania has increased its market share in
buses and coaches to 71 percent, compared to a 6.8 percent
share in 2015.

The joint opening of a new bus factory in Suzhou, China, with
its partner Higer, saw Scania continue to develop its presence
in the Chinese bus market. In Colombia, Scania unveiled the
world’s first bi-articulated Euro 6 gas bus. The bus has
capacity for 250 passengers.

In the bus and coach segment, Scania’s main competitors are
lrisbus, MAN, Mercedes, Neoplan, Setra and Volvo.

Mixed picture in engines

In Engines, demand for industrial and marine engines is at an
all-time high level, while on the power generation side it
remains weak due to reduced demand in Brazil and South
Africa. Engine deliveries decreased by 8 percent to 7,800 units
(8,485) during the full year 2016.

Scania has a number of major agreements with global OEMs
such as Doosan, Atlas Copco and Terex. There are also
partnerships with Oshkosh Corporation to supply engines for
airport vehicles and with Hyundai Heavy Industries for the
supply of excavators and wheel loaders.

Record high revenue in the service business

Service demand was good throughout the year and revenue
amounted to a record high of SEK 21.6 billion (20.6), an
increase of 5 percent. Higher volumes, mainly in Europe, had a
positive impact, while currency effects were negative. In local
currencies, revenue increased by 7 percent.

In Europe, service revenue rose by 6 percent to SEK 15,0 billion
(14,2) compared to the full year 2015. In Latin America, revenue
decreased by 1 percent to SEK 2,7 billion (2,7) and revenue in
Asia was 11 percent higher than the previous year at SEK 2,0
billion (1,8). In Africa and Oceania, service revenue rose by 4
percent to SEK 1,4 billion (1,3), while in Eurasia it decreased by
5 percent to SEK 540 m. (570) compared to the full year 2015.

Demand for services is more stable than vehicles due to the
necessity of repair and maintenance, and Scania’s expanding
service offering is having a significant growth effect.

Financial services

At the end of 2016, the size of Scania’s customer finance
portfolio amounted to SEK 67.9 billion, which was SEK 11.4
billion higher than the end of 2015. In local currencies, the
portfolio increased by SEK 8 billion, equivalent to 14.2 percent.
Scania’s share of financed vehicles was 43 (42) percent during
the full year 2016 in those markets where Scania has its own
financing operations. The increase was mainly attributable to
the market mix and increased penetration in Latin America.
Operating income in Financial Services decreased to SEK 1,015
m. (1,040) during the full year 2016, compared to 2015. A larger
portfolio had a positive impact on earnings but it was
negatively impacted by lower margins and negative currency
effects. Bad debt expenses nearly halved to 0.25 (0.44)
percent in relation to portfolio.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 43


--- Page 3 ---

Report of the Directors

Operating income SEK m. — Europe —=Restofworld Finance contracts
Financial Services 000

The operating income choosing Scania as their
decreased somewhat to SEK MOO cc aceeennne

1,015 million during 2016. A financing.

: a 800
larger portfolio had a positive ae
impact on earnings while lower too
margins andnegative currency 9
rate effects had an adverse
; 400
impact. etna

200
)
2012 2013 2014 2015 +2016
Insurance contracts No.

There was an increasing demand 0

for Scania’s insurance solutions 70,000

during 2016. Efficient claims eee
management and fast repairs in 60,000
Scania's service network is the 50,000

core of the offer.
40,000

20,000

2012 2013 2014 «2015 2016

Most of Scania’s portfolio consists of customers in European
markets. The financing portfolio is well diversified in terms of
geography and types of customers as well as their size,
economic sector and vehicle applications. Scania reduces its
risk by pursuing a conservative credit policy and a refinancing
profile that matches borrowing to lending. Close collaboration
between Financial Services and Scania’s sales organisation is
a major explanation for Scania’s expanding financing portfolio.
This collaboration allows both operations to mutually benefit
from insights concerning customers and their businesses.
Experience shows that brand loyalty is higher among
customers that select financing, insurance and maintenance
contracts with Scania.

44 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

Customers are increasingly

long-term partner in vehicle



--- Page 4 ---

Our employees

Scania believes that its employees are crucial to its success,
and ensuring that all employees, regardless of their form of
employment, feel dedicated and interested in their work is an
important task for managers at all levels of the organisation.
Regardless of what work they do, or where they are in the
world, people who work at Scania need to feel job satisfaction
and a sense of well-being. Scania’s systematic efforts to
monitor job satisfaction have been developed with a single
common Survey and in 2016, for the first time, we included
three specific questions on employees’ views of Scania as a
diverse and inclusive company.

Scania is convinced that diverse work groups, reflecting
diversity in gender, ethnicity and background, are key to
success and therefore aims to work for a more diversified
workforce in all its operations.

Issues relating to well-being, working environment, safety and
health have high priority. All managers and employees at
production units are involved in improving working methods. In
this way, Scania has been able to maintain low levels on the
employee turnover and keep healthy attendance at a high
stable level over the years, while increasing its production
capacity. The working principles, developed over many years at
Scania’s production units, have been adapted and are being
implemented in the other parts of the company. The number of
employees at Scania increased to 46,243 at the end of 2016,
compared with 44,409 on the same date in 2015.

Share of female managers %
oe - 25 Sweden Global

Diversity is important for Scania sesecece eens eeee cece eens eceenecesceeenereneerceesoee

and a number of projects have

been initiated to increase

the share of women among

executive officers.

2016

2012 2016 2012

Production and environment

The continuing high demand for vehicles in Europe was
reflected in the high capacity production level at Scania’s
European units. Due to falling demand, primarily in Brazil,
production at the unit in Sao Bernardo do Campo was affected,
but thanks to the common global production system Scania
was able to make use the excess capacity there to supply
other markets, such as Africa, the Middle East and Asia.

Scania has expanded its technical capacity to 120,000 vehicles
from 100,000. The work on ensuring flexibility to meet short-
term fluctuations in demand is continuing as Scania expands
its capacity. During 2016, Scania produced 83,940 vehicles
(79,350).

Ahead of the introduction of the new truck generation, the new
state-of-the-art cab factory in Oskarshamn was taken into use.
During the latter part of 2016 the current truck generation was
produced alongside the new generation in Sddertalje.

Scania’s production units are continuously working to improve
their environmental performance. SPS is central to the work
with energy efficiency and reduction of waste and chemicals.
Scania places a special focus on the environmental impact
from transport, both inbound in the form of components and
articles from suppliers and also from outbound delivery of
parts and vehicles. So far the results are very encouraging.

Vehicles produced No.

During 2016, Scania produced rt 0 eneneneete

83,940 vehicles (79,350).
Quality and delivery precision
improved.

2012

2013 2014 «2015 +2016

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 45


--- Page 5 ---

Report of the Directors

Research and development R&D Investments SEK m.

The aim of Scania’s research and development organisation is ; | ; 8.000

to develop sustainable solutions that improve productivity and Scania maintains a high level of ae
. . investments to strengthen the 7,000

profitability in customer operations based on low fuel product portfolio in the coming ie rccesconecconeconcoaseen

consumption, high vehicle uptime and low service costs, years. 6,000

combined with good performance. Scania puts significant 5,000

investment and resources into research and development,

which is concentrated at the Scania Technical Centre in 000
Sdédertalje, where some 3,600 people are employed. During 3,000
2016, investments in research and development amounted to 2,000
SEK 7.2 billion (7.0), which corresponded to 6.9 percent of net ‘1000
sales. ae

2012 2013 2014 «2015 2016

46 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016


--- Page 6 ---

RISK AND RISK
MANAGEMENT

Risks are a natural feature of business operations and
entrepreneurship, but they may have a negative impact on
Scania, directly affecting business operations and the
company’s reputation. Therefore, part of the day-to-day work
of Scania is to manage risks, to prevent them from harming
the company or to limit any damage that may arise.

Scania is one of the leading companies in the heavy vehicle
industry. This leads to high expectations from all stakeholders,
especially customers, about how Scania should behave as a
company and about the quality of its products and services.
Scania’s brand and reputation are crucial to its success, so it is
important to monitor events and behaviour that might have a
negative effect on the company’s image.

Scania has a strong corporate culture that is based on
established values, principles and methods, and this corporate
culture is the foundation of the company’s risk management. It
is Scania’s Board of Directors that is responsible to the
company’s owners for Scania’s risk management. The
company continuously reports on risk-related matters to the
Board and the Audit Committee of the Board.

Strategic risks

Corporate governance and policy-related risks

The Executive Board has overall responsibility for managing
corporate governance and policy-related risks. All units of the
company work according to a management system that meets
Scania’s requirements, guidelines and policies, and this system
is well documented. The rapid communication of appropriate
information is safeguarded by following the company’s
management structures and processes. Management systems
are continuously being improved, through day-to-day work and
through regular review internally and by third parties.

Business development risks

Risks associated with business development and long-term
planning are mainly managed through Scania’s cross-
functional meeting structure, which brings together various
departments for decision-making of a strategic and tactical
nature, and also through the annual process established by
Scania for strategic planning. Such planning is not a static
process, and in fact is discussed and challenged throughout
the company, based on external and internal considerations.
All units and levels of the company are involved in the strategic
process.

Both the cross-functional meeting structure and the strategic
process are long-established and are evolving all the time. This
process of continuous evaluation and adaptation minimises the
risks of the company overlooking threats and opportunities

and making wrong decisions that may lead to its operations not
meeting the required standard. It also means that the risk of
uncertainty and lack of clarity concerning the company’s
strategy and business development can be managed ina
precise and efficient way.

Research and development projects are also revised
continuously, on the basis of each project’s technological and
commercial relevance.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 47


--- Page 7 ---

Report of the Directors

Operational risks

Market risks

The demand for Scania’s products is mainly driven by transport
needs and also by a certain replacement need for vehicles to
maintain high availability and low life-cycle cost of the vehicles.

Variations in world financial markets can have a large or small
impact on real economic cycles and, in turn, for Scania, an
impact on the demand for its products. Since commercial
vehicles are capital investments, demand is not only affected
by need but also by the availability and cost of the capital that
must be invested. Markets may temporarily slow down or stand
still, and local currencies may lose some of their value as a
result. The status of public finances and the extent of fiscal
austerity programmes in different countries may have a
negative impact on demand for our products. Demand for
service-related products is less affected by variations in the
economic cycle than demand for vehicles.

Scania’s well-diversified sales in more than 100 countries help
to limit the effect of a downturn in any given market. In
individual markets, substantial changes can occur in the
business environment, such as the introduction of or increase
in customs duties and taxes, the introduction or ending of
stimulus measures, and a change in the requirements for
vehicle specifications. The imposition of economic sanctions
against certain countries can also reduce the potential for
marketing Scania’s products. In addition, different countries’
legal systems may have features that affect Scania’s ability to
carry out operations and sales. Scania monitors all of its
markets continuously for early warning signs, which means the
company can make the necessary changes to its marketing
strategy.

Risks in the sales and services network

In the major markets, distributors are mainly owned by Scania.
Apart from the risks to sales volumes that are linked to the
market risks described above, there are commercial risks in
the sales and services network for various types of contracted
services, as well as in relation to residual value obligations and
used vehicle prices. Repair and maintenance contracts are one
important element of the sales and services business, and help
to ensure that customers can get maximum use out of their
vehicle (‘uptime’) and that workshops’ resources are used
efficiently; they also help to strengthen customer loyalty. These
contracts are often tied to prices that have been worked out in
advance, so there are risks relating to price and handling.

As a result of residual value obligations and repurchase
guarantees and trade-ins, the sales and services organisation
handles a large volume of used trucks and buses, and prices
and sales figures can vary over economic cycles. Scania has
extensive knowledge of handling these price and sales
variations because its sales and services network are highly
integrated.

48 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

Sales and services units assume a credit risk in relation to their
customers, mainly for workshop services performed and parts
sold. However, the company’s customer base is widespread,
which limits the risk in relation to each individual customer.

Operational risks in the sales and services network are detected
and minimised by using the Scania Retail System (SRS), which is
an adaptation for the commercial operations of the Scania
Production System (SPS).

Independent dealers sometimes suffer problems that may have
an adverse effect on Scania’s operations. There could be
shortcomings in management or limitations on how much can
be invested, or problems relating to generational changes in
family businesses. If the problems prove to be more than
short-term ones, Scania may replace dealers or take over the
business. Scania continuously maintains close contact with its
independent dealers in order to spot warning signs at an early
stage, allowing it to take action where necessary.

Regulatory risks in the Financial Services operations
Scania’s operations include the provision of financing and
insurance services, which have to comply with the rules set out
by financial services authorities (FSAs). Non-compliance with
these rules can lead to penalties or even the revocation of
operating licences. The company has specialised staff in the
parts of the business that are affected, so it can monitor and
control these risks. Those working in this area include Risk
Managers, Anti Money Loundering Officers, Compliance
Manager and Internal Audit.

Production risks

Scania’s integrated component manufacturing network has two
bases: Europe and South America. The concentration of the
network in two locations carries some risk, but that is offset by
the fact that the company’s uniform global production system
allows it to source components from either area.

According to the Business Continuity Concept at Scania, the
company must always be prepared so it can maintain its level of
operation, including delivery of products and services, without
unacceptable impact to customer or other stakeholders.

Scania has a Business Continuity model which is defined in the
steering and supporting structure of how Scania is managed.
The concept focus on responsibility by local management to
assure that Business Continuity is owned, operated and
embedded with local needs, resources and competence.

At corporate-level the responsibility rest for support to line
management. The concept includes Business Impact Analyses,
Business Continuity Plan as well as training and exercise with
the relevant employees and service providers at Scania’s
production units. The concept includes areas such as suppliers’
or third parties’ effect on Scania’s capability to deliver products
and services.


--- Page 8 ---

Yearly reports are submitted to Scania Top Management.

Production and quality risks in the workshop network's services
are managed through the Scania Retail System, the Scania
Dealer Operating Standard (DOS) certification and the Scania
Code of Practice.

Supplier risks

Scania continually checks that suppliers meet the company’s
stringent quality, financial, logistic, environmental and ethical
requirements. Such checks are also made during the
nomination of new agreements. This work is regularly reported
to Scania Purchasing management.

Scania’s suppliers agree to comply with the United Nations
Global Compact on sustainability in the areas of human rights,
labour standards, the environment and anti-corruption.

To minimise the impact of production interruptions or financial
problems among suppliers, Scania tries wherever possible to
work with more than one supplier for critical items.

Scania continuously safeguards the quality and delivery
precision of purchased items. It carries out day-to-day
monitoring, and prioritises and categorises anything that does
not meet the required standard. If there are repeated instances
of not meeting the standard, an escalation model to focus on
the problem to ensure normal service is resumed.

Variations in the world’s financial markets also risk affecting
Scania’s suppliers to a greater or lesser degree. Therefore, the
financial status of suppliers is monitored continuously.

Natural hazards

It is hard to predict the occurrence of natural disasters as well
as their frequency and impact. For Scania’s own business
processes or suppliers located in geographical regions that
are repeatedly affected, or where the risk is deemed higher for
other reasons, the natural disaster risk is given special
attention in both the risk assessment and in the Business
Impact Analyse as well as the Business Continuity Planning
process. Natural hazards are important part of dealing with
risks in existing business as well as in the decision of new
locations for business and suppliers.

Human resource and talent recruitment

For its future success, Scania is dependent on its ability to
attract and retain motivated employees with the right
expertise, to ensure that the company’s operations can deliver
the required product and service quality. Some of the
important risks from a human resource and talent recruitment
perspective that may affect deliveries are:

e Not enough of the right expertise
e Lack of expertise
e Recruitment errors

Scania has structured, well-established working methods for
close cooperation with a number of universities and institutes
of technology to create and recruit cutting-edge expertise.
Scania runs an upper secondary school in Sddertalje,
Malardalens Tekniska Gymnasium MTG, offering high quality
technical upper secondary school education aimed at
vocational or university preparation.

Uniform structures, common and coordinated recruitment
methods and tools as well as clearly described job
requirements all help minimise the risk of recruitment errors.

Scania achieves the right quality and continuously improves its
human resource activities by taking a coordinated approach to
human resource and talent development.

By collating and analysing key employee figures for healthy
attendance, employee turnover, age structure and professional
job satisfaction, as well as using development dialogues, the
company is able to monitor trends and carry out targeted
actions as and when needed.

Information risks

For Scania, it is crucial to handle information in a way that

enables operations to share and process it efficiently and

reliably, within the company and also when working together

with customers, suppliers and other business partners. The

main risks that can affect information management are:

e Interruptions in critical information systems, regardless of
the cause

e Strategic or other sensitive information is revealed to an
unauthorised person or persons

e Strategic or other sensitive information is intentionally or
unintentionally changed or corrupted

Scania has a central unit for information security, which is
responsible for the introduction and follow-up of Scania’s
information security policy. As part of their normal
responsibilities, managers monitor and approve the risk level in
their respective area of responsibility and ensure that all
employees are aware of their responsibilities. Scania and third
parties follow up with monitoring of the system to ensure that
the policy is being followed properly.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 49


--- Page 9 ---

Report of the Directors

Sustainability risks

The term ‘sustainability risks’ refers to risks that have negative
effects on the environment, health and safety, human rights
and business ethics in Scania’s business operations. Risk
assessment and Business continuity management are part of
every manager's responsibilities, and include analysis,
planning and implementation, which has been adapted to each
operating unit.

Training and drills occur with all the relevant employees and
service providers at Scania’s production units. There is a
follow-up process of monitoring systems, reporting and
response procedures.

Scania has carried out orientation studies and risk
assessments of buildings, as well as soil and groundwater
contamination at its production units around the world.

Additional investigations and required actions have been
carried out whenever and wherever needed. This work takes
place in close cooperation with local or regional authorities.

All production units have permits that comply with their
specific national legislation. In addition to legal requirements
and the conditions included in these permits, operations may
also be subject to local requirements and rules.

Whenever it seeks to increase production levels, Scania
applies for new permits covering the affected operations,
although for certain Scania operations, regular permit
assessments are required.

Scania has adopted a safety, health and environment standard,
which covers 16 prioritised areas. Scania Blue Rating — Safety,
Health & Environment is a method used in Scania’s production
and research and development operations to evaluate safety,
health and environment work. Follow-up occurs based on
Scania’s environment and work environment policy and on the
targets and legal requirements of the ISO 14001 environmental
management standard. Based on the result of this audit,
Scania can identify areas for improvement and promote good
working methods in order to gradually improve operational
working environments and reduce environmental impacts. This
method is also one of the tools for improving efforts to avoid
and reduce work environment and environmental risks.

Scania’s work with values and the Scania Code of Practice
creates a natural basis for an ethical and responsible approach
among management and employees in relation to Scania’s role
in society.

Further guidance and support is given to employees through
manuals and training. Special emphasis is placed on ethical
and human rights issues in complex geographical locations
and business segments.

50 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

Climate change constitutes a global risk and Scania works
continually to reduce the impact of its products and in its
operating activities.

Research and development risks

Research and product development occur in close contact
with the production network, purchase to assure involvement
from the supplier base, and the sales and service organisation
to effectively safeguard high quality. Scania is in a process to
align the development process with VW Truck & Bus. The
outcome of this cooperation is of importance to assure access
to new future technologies and improve the cost efficiency.
Due to continually increasing complexity and competition in
new technologies there is a technology risk. This is managed
by utilising the full competence and knowledge both at Scania
and in the VW Group.

New legislation

The ability to meet upcoming environmental and safety
standards in various markets is of great importance for
Scania’s future. In particular, this relates to legal requirements
for reduced levels of pass-by noise and carbon dioxide
declaration legislation for heavy vehicles in the EU, which
enters into effect gradually, starting in 2018.

Other important future environmental regulations are
upgraded national emissions standards in several of Scania’s
markets. On safety standards, the revision of the general
safety regulation will introduce several advance driver
assistance systems as mandatory in a few years’ time.

Furthermore, the upcoming revision of the European
framework directive may introduce new and stricter
surveillance and certification processes. To meet new
regulations, Scania is utilising its global, modularised product
range and is adapting technologies in its future product
portfolio.

Product launch risks

Political decisions aimed at influencing the vehicle market in a
given direction — for example, for environmental reasons —

by such means as tax cuts and levies as well as regional
environmental zoning rules may lead to rapid changes in
demand. This may require acceleration of product
introductions and increases in research and development
resources at an earlier stage. Scania manages this by
integrating the work done by the business intelligence group
into all its development and introduction projects. Throughout
the development period, work occurs on a cross functional
basis to ensure that the results of business intelligence
gathered by all units are taken into account and that Scania
establishes the right priorities in its development portfolio.
The product launch process includes carrying out risk analyses
on a number of occasions in order to manage this type of risk.


--- Page 10 ---

Product liability

Introducing a new product to the market can include a liability
risk, this risk is managed by the development, verification and
validation processes at Scania. It is Scania’s objective to
develop products that are reliable and safe to the user, the
general public and the environment. However, if a product
should show signs of technical shortcomings that might be
harmful to people or property, that is dealt with by the Scania
Product Liability Council. This body decides what technical
solutions should be used in order to solve the problem and
what marketing measures are needed. The Product Liability
Council also conducts a review of the processes in question to
ensure that the problem does not recur. Where applicable
Scania has a fair risk-sharing with our suppliers regarding
product liability, which minimises the financial risk for Scania.

Insurable risks

Scania works continuously with the identification, analysis and
administration of insurable risks, both at Group and local level.
A corporate unit is responsible for the Group's global insurance
portfolio. Customary Group insurance policies to protect the
Group’s goods shipments, assets and obligations are arranged
in accordance with Scania’s Corporate Governance Manual
and Finance Policy. Local insurance policies are obtained in
accordance with the laws and standards of the country in
question. When needed, Scania receives assistance from
outside insurance consultancy companies in identifying and
managing risks. Insurance is obtained only from well-reputed
insurance companies, whose financial strength is continuously
monitored. Risk inspections, mainly focusing on physical risks,
are performed yearly in most cases at all production units and
at a number of Scania-owned sales and services units/
workshops according to the standardised Scania Blue Rating
Fire Safety system. This work maintains a high claim prevention
level and a low incidence of claims.

Legal risks

Contracts and rights

Scania’s operations include a wide variety of intangible licensing
agreements, patents and other intellectual property rights.
Scania also concludes numerous commercial and financial
contracts, which is normal for a company of Scania’s scale and
type. Scania’s operations are not dependent on any single
commercial or financial contract, patent, licensing agreement or
similar right.

Legal actions

Scania is affected by legal proceedings as a consequence of the
company's operating activities. This includes alleged breaches
of contract, non-delivery of goods or services, producer liability,
patent infringement or infringements related to other intellectual
property, or alleged violations of laws and regulations in force.
Even if disputes of this kind should be decided in a favourable
way without adverse economic consequences, they may
adversely affect Scania’s reputation. For further information,
see Note 2.

Administration of contracts, essential rights,

legal risks and risk reporting

Administration of contracts, essential rights and legal risks
occur in the normal course of operations. Scania has also
introduced a Legal Risk Reporting system, according to which
risks are defined and reported. At least once a year, a report on
such risks is submitted to the Audit Committee of the Board.

Tax risks

Scania and its subsidiaries are the object of anumber of tax
cases, as a consequence of the company’s operating activities.
For further information, see Note 2. None of these cases is
deemed capable of resulting in a claim that would substantially
affect Scania’s financial position. Tax risks above a certain level
are reported regularly to management. Once a year, a report is
submitted to the Audit Committee of the Board.

Financial risks

Beyond business risks, Scania is exposed to various financial
risks. Those that are of the greatest importance are currency,
interest rate, refinancing and credit risks. Especially in Scania’s
Financial Services, access to competitive funding is critical and
to a large extent dependent on Scania’s credit rating on the
financial markets. As a consequence of Scania being a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, Scania is also
affected by changes in credit ratings for Volkswagen. The rating
institute Standard & Poor's considers Volkswagen's ownership
of Scania to be ‘Highly Strategic’ rather than ‘Core’ and their
ratings methodology therefore dictates that Scania’s issuer
credit rating shall be limited to the higher of (i) its stand-alone
credit rating and (ii) a rating corresponding to one notch lower
than Volkswagen's. Scania’s issuer credit rating can never be
higher than Volkswagen's. Any downgrade by Standard & Poor's
of Volkswagen's credit rating therefore may result ina
downgrade by Standard & Poor's of Scania’s issuer credit rating.
Financial risks are managed in accordance with the Financial
Policy adopted annually by Scania’s Board of Directors. See also
Note 27.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 51


--- Page 11 ---

Report of the Directors

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

Andreas Renschler

Chairman of the Board of Directors
since 2015. Chairman,
Remuneration Committee.

Born: 1958.

Education: Degrees in business
engineering and business
administration.

Other directorships: Member of the
Board of Management, Volkswagen
AG. Chairman of the Board of
Directors, MAN SE, the Board of
Directors, MAN Truck & Bus AG and
the Board of Directors, MAN Latin
America Industria e Comércio de
Veiculos Ltda. Member of the Board
of Directors, Deutsche Messe AG
and the Board of Directors, Sinotruk
(Hongkong) Limited.

Relevant work experience:
Member of the Board of
Management, Volkswagen AG,
responsible for Commercial
Vehicles. CEO Volkswagen Truck &
Bus GmbH. Various management
positions at Daimler AG, responsible
for Purchasing and Production for
Mercedes-Benz Cars and
Mercedes-Benz Vans. Member of
the Board of Management at

Daimler AG, responsible for Daimler
Trucks and Daimler Buses.
President of Smart GmbH. Head of
Executive Management
Development at Daimler AG. Various
managerial positions at Daimler AG.

Henrik Henriksson

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2016.

Born: 1970.

Education: BSc Bachelor of Science
in Business Administration.
Relevant work experience:

Various managerial positions at
Scania since 1999. President and
CEO of Scania since 2016

52 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

Helmut Aurenz

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2008.

Born: 1937.

Education: Apprenticeship in
Horticulture, Entrepreneur.

Other directorships: Member of
various boards and advisory bodies,
among them the advisory
assemblies for Baden-
Wiurttembergische Bank and
Landesbank Baden-Wiurttemberg.
Independent Board member of Audi
AG and Automobili Lamborghini
Holding Spa. Senator h.c. to the
University of Hohenheim. Honorary
Consul of the Republic of Estonia for
Baden-Wirttemberg.

Relevant work experience: Started
in 1958 a now-sizeable garden and
fertiliser products business in the
ASB Group in Stuttgart, Germany.

Annika Falkengren

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2015. Member, Remuneration
Committee and Audit Committee.
Born: 1962.

Education: BSc.

Other directorships: Chairman of
the Swedish Bankers’ Association.
Director of Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB and of FAM AB. Member
of the Supervisory Board of
Volkswagen AG.

Relevant work experience: Various
managerial positions at
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB.
President and CEO of Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB.


--- Page 12 ---

Matthias Griindler

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2015. Chairman, Audit
Committee.

Born: 1965.

Education: Studies of Economics at
the IFW (Institute for Knowledge
Transfer) in cooperation with the
Daimler Academy, training as
Industrial Clerk Daimler Benz AG.
Other directorships: Member of the
Supervisory Board, MAN SE, the
Supervisory Board, MAN Truck &
Bus AG and the Supervisory Board,
MAN Latin America Industria e
Comercio de Veiculos Ltda.
Relevant work experience: CFO
Volkswagen Truck & Bus GmbH.
Formerly CFO Daimler Trucks &
Buses. Various managerial positions
at Daimler AG.

dudn din

Markus S. Piéch

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2015.

Born: 1985.

Education: Mag. rer. soc. oec., Bakk.
Other directorships: Member of the
Supervisory Board of MAN Truck &
Bus AG.

Relevant work experience:
Member of the Executive Board of
Salzach Privatstiftung.

Christian Porsche

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2014. Member, Audit
Committee.

Born: 1974.

Education: Dr. Dr.

Other directorships: Member of the
Board of MAN Truck & Bus AG.
Relevant work experience:
“General Partner” for several
companies at Porsche Holding
GmbH, Saltzburg (2005-2009).

dn

Peter Wallenberg Jr

Member of the Board of Directors
since 2005.

Born: 1959.

Education: MBA.

Other directorships: Chairman of
the Board of Knut and Alice
Wallenberg Foundation, Wallenberg
Foundations AB, The Grand Group
AB. Board member of Atlas Copco.
AB, Aleris Holdings AB and EQT
Holdings AB.

Relevant work experience: Various
positions at Grand Hotel.

Lisa Lorentzon

Representative of PTK at Scania.
Member of the Board of Directors
since 2015.

Previously deputy member since
2012.

Born: 1982.

Relevant work experience: Various
positions at Scania since 2007.

Mari Carlquist

Representative of PTK at Scania.
Deputy member of the Board of
Directors since 2015.

Born: 1969.

Relevant work experience: Various
positions at Scania since 1987.

Johan Jarvklo

Representative of the Swedish
Metal Workers’ Union at Scania.
Member of the Board of Directors
since 2008.

Previously deputy member since
2006.

Born: 1973

Relevant work experience: Various
positions at Scania.

Mikael Johansson
Representative of the Swedish
Metal Workers’ Union at Scania.
Deputy Member of the Board of
Directors since 2008.

Born: 1963.

Relevant work experience: Various
positions at Scania.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 53


--- Page 13 ---

Group financial review

Net sales

The net sales of the Scania Group, in the Vehicles and Services
segment, increased by 10 percent to SEK 103,927 m. (94,897).
Currency rate effects had a negative impact on sales of

2 percent.

Deliveries

During 2016, Scania delivered 73,093 (69,762) trucks, an
increase of 5 percent. Bus deliveries increased by 21 percent
to 8,253 (6,799) units. Engine deliveries decreased by 8
percent to 7,800 (8,485) units.

New vehicle sales revenue increased by 9 percent. Sales were _ Vehicles delivered 2016 2015
positively influenced bya positive market mix and an increased Vehicles and Services
share of Euro 6 vehicles while negative effected by currency
effects. Engine sales revenue were essentially unchanged. Trucks 73,093 69,762
Service revenue increased by 5 percent and amounted to Buses 8,253 6,799
SEK 21,611 m. (20,585). Higher volume, mainly in Europe, of Total new vehicles 81,346 76,561
workshop hours and parts had a positive impact while Used vehicles 17/868 17,046
currency rate effects had a negative impact.
Engines 7,800 8,485
Interest and lease income in the Financial Services segment
increased by 18 percent due to higher financing volume,
higher interest rates while currency rate effects had a Financial Services
negative impact. Number financed (new during the year) 2016 2015
Net sales by product, SEK m. 2016 2015 ‘Trucks 27,073 23,837
Trucks 65,615 61,250 Buses 752 687
Buses 10,867 8,994 Total new vehicles 27,825 24,524
Engines 1,647 1,656 Used vehicles 6,098 5,915
Services 21,611 20,585 New financing, SEK m. 35,249 32,120
Used vehicles 6,452 6,236 Portfolio, SEK m. 67,935 56,486
Miscellaneous 2,753 1,836 Earnings
Delivery sales value 108,995 | 190,557 Seania’s operating income amounted to SEK 6,384m. (9,641)
Adjustment for lease income" -5,018 -5660 during 2016. Operating margin amounted to 6.1 (10.2) percent.
Total Vehicles and Services 103,927 94,97 Adjusted for the provision of SEK 3,800 m. regarding the EU
Financial Services 6529 5517 investigation, the operating income amounted ot SEK 10,184 m.
and the operating margin amounted to 9.8 percent.

Elimination? -3,558 -2,622 oo. . . .
Scania ' Fi 97,792 Operating income in Vehicles and Services totalled

cania Group total CaS f SEK 5,369 m. (8,601) during 2016. Adjusted for the provision of

Consists of the difference between sales value based on delivery and revenue
recognised as income. This difference arises when a lease or delivery is combined
with a residual value guarantee or a repurchase obligation. Significant risks remain,
therefore recognition is based on an operating lease contract.

2 Elimination refers to rental income from operating leases.

SEK 3,800 m. regarding the EU investigation, the operating
income amounted to SEK 9,169 m. Higher vehicle deliveries in
Europe and higher service volume had a positive impact on
earnings while lower vehicle volume to Latin America (mostly
Brazil), higher costs and investments related to Scania’s new
truck generation and currency rate effects had a negative
effect.

Scania’s research and development expenditure amounted to
SEK 7199 m. (7,043). After adjusting for SEK 1,682 m. (1,863) in
capitalised expenditure and SEK 387 m. (393) in depreciation
of previously capitalised expenditure, recognised expenses
increased to SEK 5,904 m. (5,573).

Compared to the full year 2015, the total currency rate effect
was negative and amounted to SEK 900 m.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 55


--- Page 14 ---

Report of the Directors

Group financial review, continued

Operating income in Financial Services declined to

SEK 1,015 m. (1,040). This was equivalent to 1,6 (1.9) percent of
the average portfolio during the year. The decreased earnings
were mainly due to a larger portfolio, lower margins and
negative currency rate effects. Bad debt expenses decreased
during the year.

At year-end 2016, the size of the customer finance portfolio
amounted to SEK 67,9 billion, which represented an increase of
SEK 11,4 billion since the end of 2015. In local currencies, the
portfolio increased by SEK 8 billion, equivalent to 14 percent.

Operating income per segment, SEK m. 2016 2015
Vehicles and Services

Operating income 5,369 8,601
Operating margin, % 5,2 91
Financial Services

Operating income 1,015 1,040
Operating margin, %' 1,6 1.9
Operating income, Scania Group 6,384 9,641
Operating margin, % 61 10.2
Income before taxes 5,963 9,109
Taxes -2,720 2,356
Net income 3,243 6,753

1 The operating margin of Financial Services is calculated by taking operating income
as a percentage of the average portfolio.

Scania’s net financial items amounted to SEK —421 m. (—532).
Net interest items amounted to SEK —405 m. (—259). Net
interest items were affected by higher borrowing costs. Other
financial income and expenses amounted to SEK —16 m. (—273).
These included SEK 88 m. (-171) in valuation effects related to
financial instruments where hedge accounting was not
applied.

Income before taxes amounted to SEK 5,963 m. (9,109). The
Scania Group's tax expense for 2016 was equivalent to 45.6
(25.9) percent of income before taxes. The tax rate was mainly
affected by the non-deductible provision 2016 of SEK 3,800 m.
related to the EU investigation.

Net income for the year totalled SEK 3,243 m. (6,753), corre-
sponding to a net margin of 3.1 (7.1) percent. Adjusted for the
provision of SEK 3,800 m. the net income for the period
amounts to 7,043 with a net margin of 6.8%.

Cash flow

Cash flow in Vehicles and Services amounted to SEK 3,427
m. (4,376). Tied-up working capital decreased by SEK 878 m.

56 Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016

Net investments amounted to SEK 7,864 m. (7,737), including
SEK 1,682 m. (1,863) in capitalisation of development
expenses. At the end of 2016, the net cash position in Vehicles
and Services amounted to SEK 10,954 m. (7,579).

Cash flow in Financial Services amounted to SEK —7,784 m.
(—3,816), due to a growing customer finance portfolio.

Financial position

Financial ratios related to the balance sheet 2016 2015
Equity/assets (E/A) ratio, % 26,0 26.8
E/A ratio, Vehicles and Services, % 36,3 35.2
E/A ratio, Financial Services, % 9,0 9.8
Return on capital employed, Vehicles and Services, % * 14,0 19.3
Net debt/equity ratio, Vehicles and Services * -0,31 -0.24

2 Calculation is based on average capital employed for the thirteen most recent months.
3 Net cash (-) Net debt (+).

During 2016, the equity of the Scania Group increased by SEK
4,475 m. and totalled SEK 42,312 m. (37,837) at year-end. Net
income added SEK 3,243 m. (6,753) while decided dividend
decreased equity by SEK O m. (9,600). Equity increased by SEK
1,932 m. (-2,465) because of exchange rate differences that
arose when translating net assets outside Sweden. In addition,
equity decreased by SEK —936 m. (1,773) because of actuarial
gains/losses on pension liabilities.

Taxes attributable to items reported under “Other
comprehensive income” totalled SEK 249 m. (—448). The
non-controlling interest decreased during the year with -27
comprising of SEK —1 m. due to currency rate effects, share of
the result for the period with SEK —13 m. and the Group
additional acquisition of shares with SEK —-13 m.

Financial risks

Currency risk

The largest currency flows were in Euros, British pounds and
Norwegian krone.

According to Scania’s financial policy, future cash flows may be
hedged during a period that is allowed to vary between O and
12 months. The Board of Directors approves maturities of more
than 12 months. At year-end 2016, no future cash flows were
hedged.

The net foreign assets of subsidiaries are normally not hedged.
However, to the extent a foreign subsidiary has significant net
monetary assets in functional currency, they may be hedged.
At the end of 2016, no foreign net assets were hedged.


--- Page 15 ---

Interest rate risk

Scania’s financial policy concerning interest rate risks in
Vehicles and Services is that the interest rate refixing period
on its net debt should normally be within the O—6 month range,
but divergences may be allowed up to 24 months. The Board of
Directors approves maturities of more than 24 months. In
Financial Services the interest rate refixing period on
borrowings shall be matched with the interest rate refixing
period on assets. To manage interest rate risks in the Scania
Group, derivative instruments are used.

Credit risk

The management of credit risks in Vehicles and Services is
regulated by a credit policy. In Vehicles and Services, credit
exposure consists mainly of receivables from independent
dealerships as well as end customers.

To maintain a controlled level of credit risk in Financial
Services, the process of issuing credit is supported by a credit
policy as well as credit instructions.

The management of the credit risks that arise in Scania’s
treasury operations, among other things in investment of cash
and cash equivalents and derivatives trading, is regulated in
Scania’s Financial Policy document. Transactions occur only
within established limits and with selected, creditworthy
counterparties.

Borrowing and refinancing risk

Scania’s borrowings primarily consist of bonds issued under
capital market programmes, and other borrowing mainly via
the banking system. As part of Scania’s management of
refinancing risk, there are five committed credit facilities: three
in the international borrowing market and two in the Swedish
market.

During 2016, Scania CV AB's credit rating was unchanged by
Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and remains at BBB+ regarding the
credit risk of long-term debt, i.e. longer than one year.

For more information about management of financial risks, see
also Note 27.

Other contractual risks

Residual value exposure

Scania delivers some of its vehicles with guaranteed residual
value or with repurchase obligations, where Scania thus has
residual value exposure. There is also residual value exposure
for short-term rental vehicles with an estimated residual value.
The amount for residual value exposure at year-end was SEK
15,200 m. (12,752). Exposure rose by SEK 2,448 m., mainly due
to an increased number of newly contracted obligations in
Europe. During 2016, the volume of new contracts with
guaranteed residual value or with repurchase guarantees, was
about 11,900 (11,400), excluding short-term rental contracts.

Service contracts

A large proportion of Scania’s sales of parts and workshop
hours occurs through repair and service contracts. Selling a
service contract involves a commitment by Scania to provide
servicing to customers during the contractual period in
exchange for a predetermined fee. The cost of the contract is
allocated over the contractual period according to estimated
consumption of service, and actual divergences from this are
recognised in the accounts during the period. From a portfolio
perspective, Scania continually estimates possible future
divergences from the expected cost curve. Negative
divergences from this result in a provision, which affects
earnings for the period.

The number of contracts rose during 2016 by 25,500 and
totalled 175,000 at year-end. Most of these are in the European
market.

The parent company

The Parent Company, Scania AB, is a public company whose
assets consist of the shares in Scania CV AB. The Parent
Company conducts no operations. Income before taxes of
Scania AB during 2016 totalled SEK O m. (0).

Scania CV AB is a public company and parent company of the
Scania CV Group, which includes all production, sales and
services and finance companies in the Scania Group.

Scania Annual and Sustainability Report 2016 57
