

--- Page 1 ---

18 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.1 STRATEGY AND STRUCTURE

The European energy sector is undergoing fundamental change and only utilities that evolve will survive over the long
term. Such a change has occurred at RWE - in both organisational and strategic terms. We started by strengthening
our renewable energy, grid and retail operations by pooling them in the new subsidiary innogy, which we listed on
the stock exchange. Then we explored how to position ourselves in conventional electricity generation and energy
trading over the long term. Our mission statement is to ensure security of supply in times of increasingly volatile
feed-ins of electricity from renewable sources. We are accomplishing this primarily with our flexible power plants.
Furthermore, we intend to take advantage of the opportunities that will arise due to the progress made in electricity

storage technologies.

RWE in a nutshell. The RWE Group is one of the leading
suppliers of electricity and gas in Europe. Through its
companies - including innogy - it covers all stages of the
energy value chain, running the gamut from lignite
production and electricity generation from gas, coal, nuclear
and renewables, to energy trading and the operation of
distribution networks as well as the supply of electricity, gas
and innovative energy solutions. In fiscal 2017, the Group
recorded revenue of €44.6 billion. The Group's major markets
are Germany, the United Kingdom, the Benelux region and
Eastern Europe. In electricity generation from renewables, its
regional footprint is larger, including countries such as
Spain and Italy, and in the future the USA. A detailed
presentation of the Group's structure and the segments’
operating activities can be found on page 20 et seqq.

New demands placed on energy utilities. The traditional
business model for energy utilities is increasingly coming
under pressure. With the continuing expansion of renewables,
the focus of conventional power generation in Europe is
shifting away from maximising the production of electricity
and moving towards providing adequate capacities which
can smooth out the fluctuations in solar and wind feed-ins.
As a result of this, revenue streams for power plants are
heading in the direction of market-oriented capacity payments
for security of supply. This trend has progressed quite a long
way in some European markets, such as the United Kingdom
for example. In Germany, however, politicians have decided
not to introduce a capacity market for the time being. A further
challenge is integrating the rising volume of decentralised
electricity feed-ins from renewables into the network. This
makes the grid business more complex technologically. In
the retail business, one of the main trends is that customers
want to use energy more efficiently and take advantage of
the opportunities opened up by digitisation. Furthermore,
households and businesses are producing more of their
own electricity and sometimes taking on the role of energy
managers who sell their power generation independently.

One Group - two future-oriented companies. We are
convinced that we will be best placed to rise to the challenges
of the changing energy sector if we reflect the various
aspects of these challenges in our organisational structure.
Therefore, we pooled the renewables, grid and supply
businesses in a new subsidiary called innogy SE and listed it
on the stock market. As part of the initial public offering,
73.4 million innogy shares from RWE AG's holding and another
55.6 million shares from a capital increase by innogy SE
were placed with a wide range of investors. As a result,
RWE AG's interest in innogy dropped to 76.8%. Additional
information on this can be found on page 37 et seq. of the
2016 Annual Report.

With its mix of renewables, smart grids and innovative retail
solutions, innogy has excellent business potential and the
tools to be a driving force in transforming the energy sector.
Its listing has advantages in accessing financing on the
capital market. The proceeds of €2.0 billion from the capital
increase will mainly be used for growth projects. RWE AG
also benefits from this reorganisation, because it has given
the company additional financial flexibility. RWE AG used
the proceeds of €2.6 billion from the sale of innogy shares
to finance the new German nuclear energy fund (see page 35).

As a result of the reorganisation, RWE AG's operating focus
now lies on conventional electricity generation and energy
trading. innogy is included in the consolidated financial
statements as a fully consolidated company, but in practice,
the company is held as a pure financial investment. A
comprehensive agreement guarantees innogy that it can
act independently in business matters and that RWE AG
will only exercise its influence as the majority owner by way
of the legally mandated bodies of the Supervisory Board and
the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly, innogy also decides
independently on its strategy. Our subsidiary provides more
detailed information on this in its latest annual report. We
also address this in this chapter, but mainly focus on

the business activities for which RWE AG is responsible in
operating terms.


--- Page 2 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy and structure

Framework conditions for power plants remain difficult.
The reliable supply of electricity continues to be taken for
granted in our main generation markets, i.e. Germany, the
United Kingdom and the Benelux region. However, this is
increasingly being called into question by the progressive
expansion of renewable energy: electricity feed-ins dependent
on the weather and time of day have risen considerably as
a result of mounting wind and solar power capacity,
whereas the utilisation and profitability of conventional
power stations has tended to decrease. In Germany and
the Netherlands in particular, numerous power plants have
already been shut down temporarily or definitively because
they can no longer cover their operating costs. This trend
has slowed somewhat recently. However, over the long term,
conventional generation assets will certainly have much fewer
load hours than before with which to cover their fixed costs.

Political guidelines are another reason for the declining
amount of reliable generation capacity. The German
government accelerated the country’s nuclear phase-out
after the reactor accident at Fukushima in March 2011. At
present, seven nuclear power plants are in operation in
Germany, with a combined net capacity of 9.5 GW. Pursuant
to the German Nuclear Energy Act, they must be shut
down successively by the end of 2022. Electricity generation
from coal is also on the decline, as a result of the ambitious
climate protection goals in our core markets. For example,
the new Dutch government sets out in its coalition agreement
its intention to exit from coal completely by 2030. The
United Kingdom aims to achieve the same goal in the middle
of the next decade. Germany is also in the process of
reducing electricity generation from coal, even though the
room for manoeuvre is limited due to the nuclear phase-out. In
2015, it was decided to take eight German lignite-fired
power plants with a total net installed capacity of 2.7 GW
off the market. The stations - including five owned by RWE -
are successively being decommissioned from 2016 to 2019,
after which they will be on standby to ensure security of
supply for a period of four years each, before being shut
down for good. It cannot be ruled out that the new German
government will accelerate the exit from coal and force us to
shut down further stations.

According to surveys conducted by the German Association
of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW), conventional power
stations in Germany with over 20 GW in total installed net
capacity will have stopped operating by the end of 2022.
The German Network Agency also expects the number of
power stations to decrease substantially. Renewable generation
capacity is set to continue rising, but wind turbines and solar
panels cannot guarantee security of supply due to the
significant fluctuation in their utilisation. Electricity storage
technologies also rapidly reach their limits - at least at present.
It is impossible to predict if and when they will meet the
technical and commercial requirements needed in order to
make a major contribution to security of supply.

RWE'’s strategic mission: we stand for security of energy
supply. Owing to the developments outlined above, the
reliability of electricity supply will become a critical factor in
the success of the energy transition. This is the basis of our
business model: we consider ourselves the backbone of
security of supply in our key regions. We express this with
our motto ‘Powering. Reliable. Future.’ This means that, in
the long run, our contribution to the supply of energy will
consist less of producing kilowatt hours and increasingly of
providing generation capacity when needed. We expect that
the security we provide will be compensated appropriately
sooner or later. This is already the case in the United
Kingdom, where a general capacity market was introduced
on 1 October 2017. In addition to revenue from electricity
sales, UK power plant operators receive a payment for
making their capacity available and therefore contributing to
security of supply. So far, German politicians have not
adopted the UK model, concentrating instead on improving
the functionality of the existing market. They believe that
phases of tight supply will result in price spikes that are
high enough to keep the required amount of generation
capacity on the market. Experts from the Federation of
German Industries (BDI) estimate that, in the long run,
back-up capacity of more than 80 GW will be needed to
ensure security of supply in Germany. We intend to cover a
portion of this primarily with our flexible power stations
to begin with, supplemented later by the increased use of
storage technologies to the extent that it is technically
possible and economically feasible to do so.


--- Page 3 ---

20 RWE Annual Rt

Group structure with three operating segments and the
financial investment innogy. RWE AG reorganised its core
business following the IPO of innogy SE. Since 2017, it
has consisted of three instead of the former two operating
segments (divisions). The former ‘Conventional Power
Generation’ Division has been split into the ‘Lignite & Nuclear’
and ‘European Power’ Divisions. To ensure comparability
between 2017 and 2016 figures, we also present the prior-
year figures according to the new structure. The third
operating segment is ‘Supply & Trading’ (formerly ‘Trading/
Gas Midstream’). This is only a change in name and does
not affect the nature of the business. The segment structure
is rounded off by innogy as the fourth division, which operates
independently. We state individual activities outside the
segments in the item ‘other, consolidation’. In particular,
this item currently includes RWE AG and its 25.1% stake in
the transmission system operator Amprion.

We present the RWE Group's four segments in more detail
below.

(1) Lignite & Nuclear. This is where we report our German
electricity generation from lignite and nuclear energy as well
as lignite production in the Rhineland. These activities are
overseen by RWE Power. This segment also includes our
50.9 % stake which we are about to sell in the Hungarian
company Matra, which produces lignite and generates
electricity from this energy source. It also comprises our
interests in the Dutch nuclear power plant operator EPZ
(30%) and in Germany-based URANIT (50%), which holds a
33% interest in the uranium enrichment specialist Urenco.

Due to their relatively low and stable fuel costs, lignite-fired
and nuclear power stations are primarily used for base load.
The significant decline in German wholesale electricity prices
seen from the middle of 2008 to the beginning of 2016
caused these assets to become much less profitable. By
reducing costs significantly, we managed to limit the earnings
shortfalls. We are continuing our austerity policy although
wholesale electricity prices have picked up again since then.
We want to reduce annual expenditure in the Lignite & Nuclear
segment by about €200 million until 2019 compared to
2016 with our current efficiency-enhancement programme.
We have already achieved a large part of this goal.

Lignite-fired and nuclear power stations will become a less
important part of our generation portfolio although their
earnings prospects are brighter now. This is largely due to
the framework established by energy policy in Germany. The
nuclear energy sector is on a legal phase-out schedule with
firm dates by which the stations have to be taken offline.
Accordingly, Unit B of our Gundremmingen nuclear power
plant was forced to stop producing electricity as of

31 December 2017. Since then, two RWE nuclear power
stations remain in operation: Gundremmingen C and
Emsland. We have permission to operate these stations until
the end of 2021 and the end of 2022, respectively, after
which they must also be shut down.

There is also a time limit on the use of lignite to generate
electricity. This is a result of European and national climate
protection goals. Germany aims to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions by between 80% and 95% by 2050 compared to
1990. Our strategy is in line with this very ambitious plan:
it envisages a complete exit from lignite-based power
generation by the middle of the century. The early shutdown
of our five lignite units mentioned earlier is a first step

in this direction. On 1 October 2017, units P and Q at
Frimmersdorf were put on standby, with units E and F at
Niederaussem to follow twelve months from then and unit C
at Neurath to follow another twelve months thereafter. Our
carbon dioxide emissions in the Rhenish lignite mining
region will therefore fall by some 15 % below the level seen
in 2015. We intend to increase this ratio to between 40 %
and 50% by the end of the next decade, as coal reserves in
the opencast mine in Inden will have been depleted by
then and we will shut down the Weisweiler power station,
among other things. Thereafter, falling capacity utilisation
levels and closures of additional lignite-fired units will lead
to further declines in carbon dioxide emissions before our
most modern lignite-fired power plants are taken offline
when opencast mining comes to an end at Hambach and
Garzweiler.

(2) European Power. Our electricity generation from gas,
hard coal and biomass is subsumed under this segment.
Here, the geographic focus is on Germany, the United Kingdom
and the Benelux region. The segment also contains our 70%
stake in the Denizli gas-fired power station in Turkey, some
hydroelectric power plants in Germany and Luxembourg and
RWE Technology International, which specialises in project
management and engineering services. All of these activities
are overseen by RWE Generation.


--- Page 4 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy and structure

The economic and political environment is also challenging
for our gas and hard coal-fired power stations, which usually
cover medium and peak loads. The rapid expansion of
renewable energy in Germany has resulted in a significant
decline in the use of these assets compared to the beginning
of the decade. In some cases, their margins are far below the
levels common at that time. We have temporarily taken some
German and Dutch gas-fired power plants offline that can no
longer cover their fixed operating costs. The stations have
been mothballed and can come back online as soon as
market conditions allow. Furthermore, we have shut down
several hard coal-fired power stations. The most recent
examples are the Voerde A/B units on the Lower Rhine,
which were taken offline as of 1 April 2017. RWE held a

25 % stake in them and marketed their electricity. Besides
temporary and permanent power plant closures, we have
taken additional measures to cut costs and will also do so in
the future. Within the scope of our ongoing efficiency-
enhancement programme, we aim to reduce costs in the
European Power segment by about €100 million by 2019
compared to the 2016 level. We have made good progress in
this respect.

Despite the persistent pressure from consolidation, we
believe the European Power segment has long-term growth
prospects. We expect that our stations will become more
profitable as secured generation capacity becomes tight. In
the long run, this should benefit gas-fired power stations in
particular. As their margins have already recovered somewhat,
we were able to bring some mothballed stations back online,
for example Unit G of the Gersteinwerk power station in
Werne (Westphalia). Due to the German nuclear phase-out
and the closure of additional coal-fired units, gas will
become an increasingly important energy source in the
coming years in order to secure electricity supply. Gas-fired
power stations emit less carbon dioxide than coal-fired
power plants and are therefore accepted more by the public
as a partner to renewable energy.

In terms of power plant capacity, gas is already our most
important fuel, and its share of our generation portfolio will
continue to rise. For example, we are planning to build a
combined-cycle gas turbine power plant with an installed
capacity of up to 2,500 MW and/or an open-cycle gas
turbine with a capacity of up to 300 MW at our site at
Tilbury in the UK. Our investment decision will depend in
part on whether we manage to secure the compensation
we need for the project in the UK capacity market auctions.
We have identified growth options consisting of acquiring
existing assets in Germany and the Benelux region, which to
date do not have capacity markets. Building new generation
capacity is usually unprofitable in these regions, unless the

21

assets receive compensation under the German Combined
Heat and Power Act or as back-up power stations. We currently
plan to build an open-cycle gas turbine at Gundremmingen,
our Bavarian nuclear site, which would be used to stabilise
the grid. One prerequisite is that we place the winning bid in
the call for tenders for the project by the transmission
system operator in charge.

We do not plan to build new hard coal-fired power plants.
Besides this being unprofitable, political considerations also
play a role. In the Netherlands, where exiting from coal is
at the very top of the energy policy agenda, we want to
convert our Amer 9 and Eemshaven hard coal-fired power
stations for increased biomass co-firing. This will give us two
advantages: it will enable us to improve our carbon footprint
significantly and increase the acceptance of the power
stations among the public and political decision-makers.

We intend to make more use of storage technologies, with
a view to supplying people with energy reliably. Investing in
storage is usually unprofitable at present. One reason for
this is that the scarcity premiums obtainable on the market
are still too low and the available technologies are still too
costly because they are not mature. Nevertheless, we are
preparing to expand storage capacity by conducting pilot
projects. One example is the new 6 MW battery storage unit,
which we installed next to the Herdecke pumped storage
power station on the Ruhr river. The unit is used to maintain
grid stability. Above and beyond that, we are exploring how
to bridge extended periods of oversupply and shortages of
electricity. A promising option is the use of excess wind and
solar power to generate heat. The saved fuel (e.g. gas)
would then be available to produce electricity during later
periods of scarcity. We are also looking into recyclable
batteries that can be used to cover brief periods of extreme
shortage.


--- Page 5 ---

22 RWE Annual Rt

(3) Energy Trading. This segment encompasses the
multi-faceted activities of RWE Supply & Trading, which acts as
the commercial centre for the RWE Group. Its core business,
energy trading, forms the economic link between the
elements of our value chain, the regional markets and the
various energy commodities. RWE Supply & Trading
concentrates on trading in electricity, natural gas, coal, oil,
CO, certificates and biomass. It increasingly conducts
these activities outside of Europe, for example in New York,
Singapore and Mumbai. The company is also responsible
for sourcing the fuel needed to produce electricity and heat
and marketing the electricity generated by RWE power
plants. One objective is to limit price risks. On top of that,
the segment generates added value by the commercial
optimisation of our power plant dispatch. The resulting
earnings are reported under the Lignite & Nuclear and
European Power segments. RWE Supply & Trading also
markets its expertise to major European customers
outside of the RWE Group, offering services ranging from
traditional energy supply contracts and comprehensive
energy management solutions to complex risk management
concepts.

Another focal point of RWE Supply & Trading’s activities is
the gas business. We enter into long-term supply agreements
with producers, organise gas transportation by booking
pipelines and optimise the timing of our deliveries using
leased gas storage facilities. We also conclude transactions
involving liquefied natural gas (LNG). The objective is to tap
into synergies between the pipeline-bound gas business and
overseas LNG trading. RWE Supply & Trading intends to
establish itself as one of Europe’s leading gas intermediaries.
To this end, the company also looks at markets outside of
RWE’s core regions. The principle underlying this approach is,
the greater the size and diversification of the procurement
and supply portfolios, the greater the chances to
commercially optimise them.

RWE Supply & Trading also leverages its know-how to make
short to medium-term investments in energy assets or
energy companies, for which value-enhancing measures can
be taken in order to fetch high returns upon resale (referred
to as principal investments). At the end of 2017, RWE Supply &
Trading had a portfolio of nine investments in a variety of
activities, a large portion of which was in the USA. They
range from the coal mine operator Blackhawk Mining and
the developer of renewable energy projects Walden Green
Energy to the specialist for energy storage solutions Stem.
The attractiveness of principal investments was proven by
our investment in the Lynemouth hard coal-fired power
station in the north of England: we purchased the plant in
2012 and then established the basis for its conversion to

biomass firing using state subsidies. In early 2016, the
power station was sold on to an investor for a profit.

(4) innogy. Our subsidiary innogy is responsible for business
involving renewable energy, distribution networks and retail.
Its strategy is designed to spur structural change in the
energy sector.

= Renewables. innogy plans, builds and operates facilities
for the generation of electricity from renewable sources.
In terms of generation capacity, the company’s strongest
presence is currently in Germany and the United Kingdom,
followed by Spain, the Netherlands and Poland. In terms
of energy sources, the focus is on onshore and offshore
wind, as well as hydroelectric power. innogy further
expanded its generation capacity last year: milestones
were the inauguration of the Dutch wind farm Zuidwester
(90 MW) and the commissioning of the Nordsee One
offshore wind farm (332 MW) north of the Isle of Juist, in
which innogy holds a 13.5% stake. Furthermore, our
subsidiary has set the stage for the continued expansion
of its wind power capacity by acquiring a project portfolio
with over 2 GW in the USA and securing a state subsidy
contract for the Triton Knoll offshore wind project in the
UK. Moreover, by acquiring Belectric Solar & Battery at the
beginning of 2017, innogy has become a global player in
the supply of ground-mounted solar farms and battery
storage units. Belectric built one of Germany's largest
battery storage facilities in Chemnitz, which was officially
inaugurated in August 2017, and is currently constructing
Israel's most powerful solar farm together with a local
partner. We report on some of the projects mentioned
here in detail on page 38 et seq.

* Grid & Infrastructure. Networks are the backbone of the
energy transition, and their operators can generally earn
stable returns. innogy manages electricity distribution
networks in Germany, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia.
Moreover, it is active in the gas distribution network
business in Germany, the Czech Republic and Croatia.
Conditions in its home market Germany pose the greatest
challenge: rising volumes of electricity feed-ins from
renewables, which are dependent on the weather and
time of day, and an increasing number of small, decentralised
generation facilities are making network operation an
increasingly complex technical feat, but at the same time,
are also opening up growth opportunities. In order to
ensure a reliable supply of electricity in this environment,
innogy must invest in maintaining and expanding network
infrastructure. The company is developing new control
technologies and testing them in field trials so that networks
can be used more effectively and flexibly. A trailblazing


--- Page 6 ---

Combined review of operations > Strategy and structure

project in relation to engineering and testing such
technologies is the ‘Designetz’ project that was launched
in 2017 and is the result of innogy joining forces with a
number of partners in order to work on a blueprint for the
energy network of the future (see page 27). A co-operative
venture with Deutsche Telekom also aims to develop new
business models relating to the grid: the two companies
want to use synergies through the joint expansion of the
energy and fibre-optic network in rural areas. Furthermore,
innogy took a 17.5% interest in eluminocity, a startup
with headquarters in Munich and Denver, which specialises
in intelligent street lighting, smart city sensor technology
and high-quality charging stations for electric vehicles.

= Retail. At the end of last year, innogy supplied 15.9 million
customers with electricity and around 6.6 million with gas
in eleven European markets. Our subsidiary is one of the
largest suppliers of electricity and gas in Germany, the
Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It has a leading
position in at least one of these products in several other
European markets. In the long run, it intends to focus on
markets with attractive framework conditions, in which it
can rank among the three leading suppliers. These
requirements are not met in the United Kingdom. Against
this backdrop, innogy agreed with its competitor SSE to
merge its UK retail business with a large portion of the
retail activities of SSE to form an independent company
listed on the stock exchange (see page 38). Challenges
and opportunities also result from changes in customer
needs. Increasing numbers of households and businesses
want to use energy more efficiently and profit from the
opportunities of digitisation. Therefore, innogy does not
limit itself to the traditional supply of electricity and gas.
Instead, the company also develops innovative products
and services enabling its customers to use energy
intelligently while taking advantage of the newest
technologies. This also involves entering into partnerships.
One example is the long-term co-operation with the
leading consumer electronics manufacturer Medion
initiated in the middle of 2017 that consists of combining
innogy’s software platform with Medion’s smart home
products. E-mobility is another of innogy’s important
business fields. One of the activities in this area is building
charging infrastructure. This often involves our subsidiary
forging partnerships with private enterprises. For example,
the company agreed with Tank & Rast to set up and
operate over 100 fast charging stations at the company’s
motorway restaurants and service stations. The German
Ministry of Transportation and Digital Infrastructure
granted innogy about €3 million in subsidies for the
installation of over 1,000 new charging stations.

23

RWE AG's management system. Ensuring sustainable
growth in shareholder value is at the heart of our business
policy. To manage the Group companies, RWE AG deploys a
groupwide planning and controlling system, which ensures
that resources are used efficiently, and provides timely,
detailed insight into the current and prospective development
of the company’s assets, financial position and net worth.
Based on the targets set by RWE’s Executive Board and our
expectations regarding the development of the business,
once a year we formulate our medium-term plan, in which we
forecast the development of key financial indicators. This
plan contains the budget figures for the next fiscal year and
planned figures for the following years. The Executive Board
submits the plan to the Supervisory Board, which reviews
and approves it. The Supervisory Board occasionally requests
adjustments to be made prior to giving its approval. During
the fiscal year, we produce internal forecasts linked to the
budget. The Executive Boards of RWE AG and the main
operating units meet regularly to analyse the interim and
annual financial statements and update the forecasts. In the
event that the updated forecast figures deviate significantly
from the budget figures, the underlying reasons are
analysed and countermeasures are taken if necessary. We
also immediately notify the capital market in the event that
published forecasts need to be modified.

Some of the key indicators we use in managing our operational
business and assessing the financial situation are adjusted
EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income and net debt.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortisation. In order to improve its
explanatory power in relation to the development of
ordinary activities, we remove non-operating or aperiodic
effects, which are shown in the non-operating result.
Capital gains or losses, temporary effects from the fair
valuation of derivatives, impairments and other material special
items are filtered out. Subtracting operating depreciation
and amortisation from adjusted EBITDA yields the adjusted
EBIT, the development of which has a significant influence on
the variable compensation of our employees. Adjusted net
income is another key operating indicator. We calculate this
by correcting net income for all major special items (including
the entire non-operating result) along with the related income
taxes. Since 2016, we have used this indicator as a factor
in determining the share-based payment of our senior
management.


--- Page 7 ---

24 RWE Annual Rt

We primarily use the internal rate of return as a yield indicator
for assessing investment projects. The Group's financial
position is analysed using cash flows from operating activities,
amongst others. We also attach special importance to the
development of free cash flow, the definition of which we
changed in 2017. It is the result of deducting capital
expenditure from cash flows from operating activities and
adding to them proceeds from divestments and asset
disposals. Net debt is another indicator of RWE’s financial
strength. Essentially, it consists of net financial debt together
with provisions for pensions and similar obligations, for
nuclear waste management, for mining damage (e.g. the
recultivation of opencast mining sites) and for the dismantling
of wind farms. One half of the liabilities from hybrid bonds
is recognised in net debt.

In compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards,
we recognise innogy as a fully consolidated company in the
consolidated financial statements. In other words, the Group
figures include our subsidiary’s revenue, expenses, cash
flows, assets, debt, etc. However, this approach only reflects
innogy’s operating independence to a limited extent.
Therefore, for management purposes, we also use key figures
in which our subsidiary is subsumed as a pure financial
investment under ‘other financial assets’. Further details on
this can be found on page 60.

Sustainability - a standard we hold ourselves to. We can
only succeed over the long term if we ensure society's
acceptance by embracing our corporate responsibility (CR).
In order to focus on the various aspects of this responsibility,
we maintain a dialogue with all our stakeholder groups,
such as shareholders, employees, customers, politicians,
associations and non-governmental organisations. Since
the reorganisation of the Group, RWE AG has defined its
main task as ensuring security of supply. We also give great
importance to environmental management and occupational
safety. We have already achieved very high standards in
these areas and we intend to maintain these. Other key
areas for us include ensuring compliance with the Code of
Conduct and the compliance regulations of RWE and
making sure that our suppliers adhere to internationally
recognised environmental and social standards.

We face particular challenges in relation to climate protection,
especially since high carbon dioxide emissions also involve
high business risks. By expanding its activities in renewables,
the RWE Group is making an important contribution to
electricity generation that is gentle on the environment.
Furthermore, our new-build power plant programme
completed in 2015 has established the basis to replace old,
emission-intensive assets with cutting-edge generation
capacity. The carbon dioxide emissions of our power stations
have dropped steadily in the last five years. We expect this
trend to continue, above all due to the decommissioning
of coal-fired power plants. Based on current planning, our
emissions in our core markets Germany, the United Kingdom
and the Benelux region will decrease by between 55 million
and 65 million metric tons of carbon dioxide by 2030 compared
to 2015 (141 million metric tons). These figures relate to our
current generation portfolio and are in line with long-term
European and national climate protection goals.

Further information on our strategy and our measures in
relation to CR can be found in our separate non-financial
report on the Group in accordance with Section 315b,
Paragraph 3 of the German Commercial Code, which will
be published as part of our CR Report and does not form
part of the combined review of operations. The CR Report is
entitled ‘Our responsibility’ and can be accessed on the
internet at www.rwe.com/cr-report.


--- Page 8 ---

Combined review of operations > Innovation

1.2 INNOVATION

25

Innovation is the key to long-term commercial success. This holds true more than ever for energy utilities like RWE.
In numerous research and development projects, we look for technical solutions to make opencast mines more
profitable, power plants less emissions-intensive, and grids more intelligent. We are also innovative with regard to
the development of new business models that satisfy customers’ future needs and expand our offering beyond

the sale of electricity and gas. In our daily operations, we benefit from the ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit of
our employees. Once again they had thousands of good ideas in 2017, which will allow us to achieve millions of

euros in savings.

With around 490 inventions, we are in the vanguard

of Europe's utilities. The RWE Group is innovative in many
ways. Our main motivation is to remain competitive over the
long term in a dramatically changing environment as well as
to be a driving force behind this transformation. With

a groupwide tally of around 1,480 patents and patent
registrations, based on roughly 490 inventions, we are in
the vanguard of Europe's most innovative utilities. Last
year, we worked on more than 320 research and development
(R&D) projects and filed patent applications for 76 inventions.
Our R&D projects frequently involve co-operating with external
partners from the engineering and chemical industries, or
with research institutions. As a result of this, we usually only
have to bear a portion of the project costs. The RWE Group's
operating R&D spending amounted to €182 million in 2017
(previous year: €165 million). A total of about 550 of our
employees were solely or partially dedicated to R&D activities.

RWE AG: solutions for more economic opencast mining,
lower emissions and new ways of using carbon dioxide.
The reorganisation of the RWE Group changed the
responsibilities for research and development: innovation in
the areas of renewable energy, grids and retail is now in the
hands of our subsidiary innogy. RWE AG is responsible for
the R&D activities of the areas of the Group under its
management. Its measures are primarily dedicated to
conventional electricity generation. They aim to make the
operation of our opencast mines and power stations more
profitable and reduce emissions. Another major area of
research is the use of lignite and carbon dioxide through
conversion to fuel or starting materials for the chemical
industry. We will present a small selection of RWE AG's
important R&D projects, followed by a brief insight into
the innovative work done by innogy and ending with an
employee's idea, which is representative of many others.

Opencast mining: more efficient processes thanks to digital
control. In the Hambach opencast mine, we explored the
options offered by digitisation to make lignite production
more profitable. This was done in a four-year EU research
project in which we co-operated with Delft University of
Technology (Netherlands). Controlling opencast mines
digitally is as complex as mining the lignite itself as it also
involves many steps that dovetail each other: huge bucket-
wheel excavators in the terraced opencast mines scoop up
the coal and its covering layers and place it on conveyor
belts on which it is transported to a distributor. This is where
the loads are sent off on various transport routes: the lignite
is either placed in interim storage in a coal bunker or supplied
directly to the surrounding power stations and processing
plants - either via belt conveyor systems or the works railway,
depending on the distance. The overburden often travels
several kilometres on conveyor belts before it reaches the
spent side of the mine where it is used to refill the pits
resulting from mining. To ensure that this process runs with
clockwork precision, the heavy equipment and material
flows must be dispatched accurately. Numerous influences
and effects must be considered when making every single
decision. Our research project has demonstrated how this
can be done with digital support. It was completed successfully
in October 2017. Now RWE is working on turning the methods
designed within the scope of the project into dispatch aids
applicable to the operation of opencast mines. Our goal is to
have a software module by 2020 with which our mining
engineers can optimise processes in opencast mines working
either on their office computers or using tablets on site.

For the reliable operation of power stations: coal analysis
‘on the fly’. Operating lignite-fired power plants as smoothly
as possible requires us to have precise knowledge of the
composition of the coal that we use. Not all coal is the same,
as it can contain various degrees of trace elements such as
iron, calcium and magnesium. Unfavourable mixtures of these
can leave deposits in the furnace during combustion, forcing
the lignite unit to be shut down temporarily for cleaning. To
prevent this, we analyse the composition of the coal before
it reaches the power plant. This involves regularly taking
samples from the conveyor belt, preparing and analysing


--- Page 9 ---

26 RWE Annual Rt

them - a process that is fully automated. We are currently
testing a new device in the Fortuna coal bunker of the
Garzweiler opencast mine based on an alternative method:
Germany's first online coal analyser featuring innovative
radiometric measuring technology. The apparatus analyses
the quality of the coal in real time, i.e. as it passes the
analyser on the conveyor belt - up to 10,000 metric tons per
hour. If the new online coal analyser proves itself in continuous
operation, it may be used in our opencast lignite mines. We
expect this to reduce maintenance costs while improving
the availability of our power plants.

Reducing emissions: flue gas with less mercury thanks to
rotary hearth furnace coke. We aim to operate all of our
power stations in the most environmentally friendly manner.
The legislator already imposes strict requirements on us

in this regard, for example in relation to mercury emissions.
The introduction of new EU-wide limits makes the framework
conditions for operating our lignite-fired power plants even
tighter. Today, we already manage to remove and capture
most of the mercury from flue gases. As a result, our stations
are far below the currently applicable threshold values.
Independently of that, for years we have been conducting
in-depth research into ways to further decrease mercury
emissions on a large scale and at reasonable cost. We are
focusing primarily on a method using rotary hearth furnace
coke from Rhenish lignite produced by RWE. We already use
this substance as a mercury separator, albeit only in our
processing plants, in which we convert lignite into briquettes
or powdered lignite for the cement and lime industry. Now
we are testing whether and how rotary hearth furnace coke
can be used to lower the emissions of power stations.

We are doing this with the help of a pilot plant in the Coal
Innovation Centre at the Niederaussem power station, which
has been running since October 2017. This involves very finely
ground rotary hearth furnace coke being mixed with water
and introduced into the power plant's flue gas ducts, which
are much larger than those of the processing facilities. We
will make use of the findings to design a demonstration
plant for permanent operation, which we will start building
at Niederaussem in 2018.

New uses for carbon dioxide: from CO, to diesel. We have
been working on a method for removing carbon dioxide
from flue gases in power stations for a long time. We have
developed one of the world’s leading technologies in

this field in co-operation with BASF and Linde in the Coal
Innovation Centre at Niederaussem. It was tested in a pilot
plant that has put in more than 60,000 operating hours since
2009 and has proven its efficiency, delivering carbon dioxide
separation rates of over 90%. Within the scope of three EU
subsidy projects, we are now going one step further: we
plan to use the carbon dioxide from the pilot plant, water
and electricity to produce fuel and starting materials for the
chemical industry in various test facilities at the Niederaussem
site. In every production method, the carbon dioxide is used
to create a replacement for fossil fuels such as oil and gas.
The projects are called OCEAN, LOTER.CO,M and ALIGN-CCUS
and differ from one another mainly by virtue of their target
products. In OCEAN, oxalic acid, a basis for high-quality
chemical products, is obtained from carbon dioxide. In
LOTER.CO,M, the focus lies on the simple and efficient
production of methanol, a starting material for a variety of
chemical products and one of the most produced chemicals
worldwide. Last but not least, the ALIGN-CCUS project is
dedicated to the production of dimethyl ether (DME), which
is of interest particularly as a replacement for diesel. It burns
nearly soot-free and does not produce much nitrous oxide.
DME can be used in vehicle engines and power units. The
latter can be used to cover peak loads during low levels of
electricity feed-ins from renewable energy (e.g. in the event
of lulls). Furthermore, DME can be used to chemically
store excess electricity over extended periods of time
while taking up little space. We have set ourselves the goal
for 2020 of running a power unit's diesel engine on DME
produced by our test plant. The unit will initially be
configured to generate 240 kW and be as large as a freight
container. However, it is modular and therefore expandable.
It can be used to supply electricity decentrally, for instance
to bridge periods until networks are expanded. In the projects
described above, we work with a variety of renowned industrial
and scientific partners, including RWTH Aachen, the
Universities of Duisburg-Essen and Genoa, Mitsubishi Hitachi
Power Systems Europe, the independent engineering service
provider for internal combustion engines and vehicle
technology FEV, and the Jillich Research Centre. The projects
receive approximately €3 million in EU subsidies and are
scheduled to run for a maximum of four years.

More detailed information on this and RWE AG's other
R&D projects can be found at www.rwe.com/innovation.


--- Page 10 ---

Combined revie

of operations > Innovation

innogy SE: focus on renewable energy, smart grids and
new retail products. The RWE Group is also pushing forward
with innovation in renewables, distribution networks and
supply. Our subsidiary innogy has a wide range of innovative
undertakings which are presented in detail at www.innogy.com/
innovation. Some of them enable it to make valuable
contributions to the success of the energy transition, e.g.
the ‘Designetz’ project. Spearheaded by innogy, a research
consortium aims to develop a sustainable concept for
integrating renewable energy into the supply system. The
main challenge consists of finding a way to network the
large number of decentralised electricity generators and users
in both rural and urban areas intelligently. The consortium
partners include municipal utilities, renowned research institutes
and large technology firms. Designetz is scheduled to be
rolled out in North Rhine-Westphalia, Rhineland-Palatinate
and Saarland. These states, in which over a quarter of
Germany's population lives, are ideally suited to conducting
field trials for the decentralised energy landscape of the
future, as they are home to areas with very high levels of
electricity from renewables as well as heavily industrialised
areas of consumption. Designetz is part of the ‘Intelligent
Energy Showcase - Digital Agenda for the Energy Transition’
(SINTEG) subsidy programme of the German Federal Ministry
for Economic Affairs and Energy. The Ministry attaches such
high importance to Designetz that it has provided it with about
€30 million in subsidies.

Innovation Hub at innogy: a platform for the development
of new business models. Companies seeking to survive over
the long term in a market undergoing dynamic change must
ensure today that they have compelling offers to satisfy the
customer needs of the future. At the Innovation Hub, a
platform created in 2014, trailblazing ideas and business
models concerning all things energy and beyond are
developed. Special attention is paid to the possibilities offered
by digitisation. The ambition is to bring products and
services to market maturity which allow customers to use
energy more efficiently and improve their quality of life. An
example of this is ‘Fresh Energy’, a new solution consisting
of a smart meter and a smartphone app. The smart meter
records the energy consumption of all household appliances.
The data is presented in a manner that is easy to understand,
enabling the user to identify ‘power hungry’ appliances.
Moreover, customers are only invoiced for the electricity
they have actually used, without any advance or back payments.

27

Savings thanks to the experience and knowledge of our
employees. Day-to-day operations are a fertile breeding
ground for good ideas. Many of our employees harness their
experience to help move the company forward with
innovation. Last year, Group employees submitted around
2,300 suggestions for improvements to the idea managers
at their respective companies. We estimate the economic
benefit of their suggestions amounts to about €8 million
in the first year of implementation. For example, an employee
of RWE Power discovered that bulldozer performance in the
Garzweiler opencast mine can be increased by making small
adjustments to the blade. The bulldozer uses the blade to
push material in order to level paths for heavy equipment,
among other things. The employee realised that loose and
muddy material often failed to stick to the front of the blade,
falling off to the sides instead. The employee’s idea was to
fit big ‘ears’ made of thick-walled sheet metal to the sides
of the blade in order to do a better job of keeping the
bulldozed material in front of it. This put the ball in the court
of RWE Power's Equipment Department, which upgraded
one of our vehicles to these specifications. A test with the
modified blade demonstrated that a third more material
could be moved. The first step will involve upgrading four of
the bulldozers used in the Garzweiler opencast mine. We
estimate that associated costs will total just under €11,000
- money well spent, as this can result in over €80,000 in
annual savings based on approximately 5,000 hours of
bulldozing work carried out every year.


--- Page 11 ---

28 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.3 ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The market prospects of our power stations improved somewhat in 2017. Buoyed by rising hard coal quotations,
wholesale electricity prices continued the course for recovery on which they embarked at the beginning of 2016.

Purchases of base-load power made in 2017 for the following calendar year cost an average of €32 per MWh, €5 more

than in 2016. However, this will only affect our earnings in the future. We had sold forward most of our electricity
generation for 2017 in earlier years. The realised margins were significantly down on 2016. However, the profit margins
of our Continental European gas-fired power stations improved.

Economic upturn continues. Based on initial estimates,
worldwide economic output was some 3 % higher last year
than in 2016. The Eurozone is estimated to have recorded
more than 2% growth. Germany's gross domestic product
(GDP) is likely to have risen by about the same percentage.
Stimulus came primarily from consumer spending. GDP in
the Netherlands rose by approximately 3 %. By contrast,
Belgium posted growth of just under 2%. The same applies
to the United Kingdom, our most important market outside
of the currency union, which benefited from the expanding
service sector, but felt the adverse effects of the impending
exit from the EU. The economies of our major Central Eastern
European markets displayed much more dynamic development.
Available data indicates that GDP increased by over 4% in
Poland and the Czech Republic, with Hungary and Slovakia
recording a gain of more than 3%.

Temperatures slightly above average. Whereas the economic
trend significantly affects the energy needs of industrial
enterprises, residential energy consumption is influenced
more by weather conditions. The lower the outside temperature,
the more gas and electricity is needed for heating purposes.
Meteorological data for 2017 shows that weather conditions
were relatively mild throughout the whole of Europe. Average
temperatures were mostly slightly higher than the relevant
ten-year average, despite the very cold weather in January.
The comparison to the previous year is varied: overall, it was
slightly warmer than in 2016 in the United Kingdom and the
Netherlands, whereas it was colder in large parts of Eastern
Europe. The average temperature for the year measured in
Germany was on a par with the previous year.

Wind conditions more favourable than in 2016. In addition to
energy consumption, the generation of electricity - particularly
from wind farms - is also subject to weather-related influences.
On the whole, wind levels at innogy’s generation sites were
slightly less favourable than the long-term average. However,
they improved over the prior year in nearly all countries, with
the exception of Spain. Run-of-river power stations are also
subject to weather conditions. Their electricity production
depends on precipitation and melt water volumes. In Germany,
where most of the RWE Group’s hydroelectric power plants
are located, these volumes were relatively low in 2017, when
compared to the long-term average and the preceding year.

Higher energy consumption in RWE’s core markets. The
economic growth stimulated energy consumption in our core
markets, whereas the trend towards saving energy had a
dampening effect. Based on preliminary calculations by the
Federal Association of the German Energy and Water Industries
(BDEW), German demand for electricity in 2017 was 0.7%
up year on year. Estimates indicate a rise of about 1% in the
Netherlands. Electricity consumption is likely to have advanced
by between 2 % and 3% in Poland, Slovakia and Hungary,
whereas it dropped by some 2% in the United Kingdom.

In relation to gas, volume increases in our Continental European
markets were contrasted by a decline in the United Kingdom.
Based on pro-forma BDEW figures, gas consumption rose
by 6% year on year in Germany, in part because the market
conditions for gas-fired power plants improved, allowing
these stations to be used more. According to estimates, gas
consumption was up 2% in the Netherlands, and 1% in the
Czech Republic. By contrast, gas demand in the United
Kingdom decreased by approximately 2% compared to 2016,
in part due to the relatively mild weather.


--- Page 12 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

29

One-year forward prices of gas on the TTF wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2016 forward
24

2017 forward

2018 forward

22

20

2015

2016 2017

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Stabilisation of TTF wholesale gas quotations. Following a
lengthy decline, wholesale gas prices recovered somewhat in
Western Europe. Averaged for the year, spot prices at the
important Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) amounted to €17
per MWh, €3 more than in 2016. In TTF forward trading,
contracts for delivery in the following calendar year (2018
forward) were also settled for an average of €17 per MWh.
By comparison, in 2016 the price paid for the 2017 forward
was €15.

Residential tariffs typically react to developments on the
wholesale market with a time lag. They were still significantly
marked by the slump of earlier years. Based on available
data, gas became 3% and 1 % cheaper for German and UK
households, respectively. In the Czech Republic, residential
customer tariffs were essentially unchanged, whereas they
were up 2% year on year in the Netherlands. Developments
affecting industrial customers were as follows: prices were
up 1% in Germany, 5% in the Netherlands and 6% in the
United Kingdom. This was contrasted by a 7% decline in tariffs
in the Czech Republic.

One-year forward prices of coal deliveries to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/ Antwerp

US$/metric ton of coal (average weekly figures)

2016 forward
90

2017 forward

2018 forward

80

70

60

50

40

30

2015

2016 2017

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.



--- Page 13 ---

30

Annual Report 2017

Hard coal much more expensive than in 2016. Quotations
in international hard coal trading bottomed out at the
beginning of 2016, after which they rose considerably. In
2017, coal imports including freight and insurance via the
ARA ports (Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp) were quoted at
an average of US$84 (€75) per metric ton in spot trading, up
US$24 compared to 2016. The 2018 forward (API 2 Index)
traded at US$74 (€65) per metric ton, US$20 higher than
the comparable figure for the previous year. This is in part due
to robust Chinese economic activity and its revitalising
impact on the country’s demand for coal. In 2016, Beijing

had curbed domestic coal production through regulatory
intervention. However, the restrictions were loosened after
awhile. Freight rates, i.e. overseas shipping costs, are an
important price component in international hard coal trading.
They also displayed a clear upward trend. In 2017, the standard
route from South Africa to Rotterdam cost an average of just
under US$7 per metric ton, compared to slightly more than
USS$4 in the previous year. The rise in fuel costs had a price-
increasing effect. Furthermore, excess ocean freight capacity
built up in the past decreased somewhat.

Forward prices of CO, emission allowances (EU Allowances)
€/metric ton of CO, (average weekly figures)

December 2016 forward

December 2017 forward

December 2018 forward

2015

2016 2017

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Reform of European Emissions Trading System (ETS) gives
rise to speculation over CO, certificates. Prices in European
trading of carbon dioxide emission allowances also increased.
Last year, a European Union Allowance (EUA), which confers
the right to emit a metric ton of CO,, was quoted at an average
of €6. This information relates to forward contracts which
fall due in December 2018. By comparison, in 2016, an EUA
in contracts for December 2017 cost slightly more than €5.
There are still many more emission allowances on the market
than companies need to cover their carbon dioxide emissions,
but the EU Parliament and the European Council have
initiated a package of measures that puts the EU in a position
to reduce the surplus of certificates substantially (see page 34).

In the last rounds of negotiation on this package in the second
half of 2017, EUAs rose in price considerably, reaching the
€8 mark at the end of the year. However, the measures
adopted by the EU will not come to bear until after 2018.
Furthermore, Brexit brings with it risks: it is still unclear if
and when the United Kingdom will leave the ETS. In the
event of an early withdrawal, industrial enterprises with a
local domicile will put large numbers of emission allowances
they no longer require on the market, thereby increasing the
oversupply. The possibility of such a scenario had a dampening
effect on EUA prices in 2017.



--- Page 14 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

31

One-year forward prices of base-load electricity on the wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2016 forward 2017 forward 2018 forward

70

60 |
50 ae
°  _—— a
30 —————S

20

2015 2016 2017

ll Germany ll Netherlands ll United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Wholesale electricity prices markedly up year on year. In
our major generation markets, wholesale electricity prices
continued the upward trend on which they had embarked
in 2016. The recovery of hard coal quotations played an
important role. Hard coal-fired power plants set the prices
on the electricity market for many hours during the year,
especially in Germany. If their fuel costs rise, this has a
knock-on effect on electricity prices. In Germany, the average
spot price of base-load power was €34 per MWh in 2017,
€5 more than in the previous year. Prices also rose in forward
trading. Last year, the 2018 base-load forward cost an
average of €32 per MWh. By comparison, the 2017 forward
traded for €27 per MWh in 2016.

In the United Kingdom, our second-largest generation market,
wholesale electricity quotations are typically much higher
than in Germany. The average spot price of base-load electricity
amounted to £45 (€52) per MWh, up £5 on the level witnessed
in 2016. The 2018 forward traded for £44 (€50) per MWh,
£3 higher than the previous year’s comparable figure.

In the Netherlands, where we have our third-largest generation
position, base-load power traded for an average of €39 per
MWh on the spot market. Relative to 2016, it rose in price
by €7. Forward contracts for 2018 were quoted at €36 per
MWh, €5 more than what was paid for the 2017 forward in
the prior-year period.


--- Page 15 ---

32 RWE Annual Report 2017

Clean dark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2016 forward 2017 forward 2018 forward

15

10

5 Ee

; ee
5

2015 2016 2017

Germany @ Netherlands @ United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of hard coal and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 35 % to 37 %; including CO, tax in the UK.

Clean spark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2016 forward
15

2017 forward

2018 forward

0 =a
5 ——

-10
-15
-20
2015 2016 2017
lS Germany @ Netherlands i United Kingdom Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of gas and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 49% to 50%; including CO, tax in the UK.

Sustained pressure on electricity generation margins. The
margins of our conventional power plants are the difference
between the price of electricity and the costs (including
taxes) of the fuel and CO, emission allowances required to
produce it. We generally source the fuel for our hard coal
and gas-fired power plants from liquid markets at prevailing
conditions. Therefore, the generation costs of these stations
can change significantly. The margins are referred to as clean
dark spreads for hard coal-fired power plants and clean spark
spreads for gas-fired power plants.

The two above graphs illustrate the development of the
aforementioned spreads in our main generation markets
since 2015, based on the respective year-forward transactions.
Taking the annual average figures as a basis, clean dark
spreads were clearly on a downward trend over the entire
three-year reporting period presented, particularly in the
United Kingdom. Margins of gas-fired power stations
displayed much more favourable development, picking up
continually in both Germany and the Netherlands. In the
United Kingdom, clean spark spreads were the highest in
absolute terms, but in 2017 failed to match the very good
level recorded the year before.


--- Page 16 ---

Combined review of operations > Economic environment

The cost of the fuel used to generate electricity from nuclear
energy and lignite is generally more stable. We produce
lignite from our own opencast mines. There are no reliable
market prices for it due to its limited tradability. We cover
our uranium consumption via long-term contracts at firm
conditions. Owing to their relatively stable fuel costs, the
margins of lignite-fired and nuclear power plants generally
develop in line with wholesale electricity prices and they have
mirrored the significant upward trend of the latter since 2016.

RWE electricity from lignite and nuclear energy sold for
an average of €31 per MWh. We sell forward most of the
output of our power stations and secure the prices of the
required fuel and emission allowances in order to reduce
short-term volume and price risks. Therefore, the income we
earned from our power plants in the year under review
depended on these types of forward contracts for 2017,
which we had concluded up to three years in advance.
Overall, our 2017 power production sold for a lower price
compared to the previous year. For electricity from our
German lignite-fired and nuclear power plants, we achieved
an average of €31 per MWh (previous year: €35 per MWh).
As a result, income from these stations was significantly
lower than in 2016. The effects of the abolishment of the
German nuclear fuel tax have not been considered here. Our
hard coal-fired stations also recorded declining margins.
Conversely, our gas-fired power plants, the production of
which we sell forward closer to delivery, already benefited
from the most recent recovery of wholesale electricity prices.
In sum, their margins and deployment times were higher
than in the previous year.

33

Significant increase in German industrial electricity prices.
Electricity bills are greatly determined by grid fees, levies
and taxes. This applies above all to households. In Germany
and the United Kingdom, where the share of the total price
accounted for by state-mandated components is growing
steadily, residential tariffs rose by an average of 2% and 7%
compared to 2016. In the Netherlands and Poland, households
had to pay about 1% and 3% more than in the previous
year. By contrast, residential tariffs declined by 3% and 4%
in Hungary and Slovakia. The regional differences in the
development of industrial electricity prices were even greater:
they increased by 8 % in Germany and 3 % in the United
Kingdom, whereas they dropped by 1% in the Netherlands, 7%
in Poland, 8% in Hungary and by as much as 11% in Slovakia.


--- Page 17 ---

34 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.4 POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT

In 2017, policymakers made trailblazing decisions regarding the energy sector. One of the most important ones
related to the European Emissions Trading System: following a lengthy tug of war, the European Parliament and the
Council of Ministers reached an agreement on a reform to strengthen this climate protection tool. The most important
course set in Germany related to nuclear energy: it was established by law that the government will take over the
processing and financing of the interim and final storage of radioactive waste. It will receive the capital required for
this from a fund, into which the power plant operators made payments in the middle of 2017. This regulation is
appropriate. As a result, our political risks in relation to nuclear energy decreased considerably.

European emissions trading reform adopted. In February
2018, the European Parliament gave the go-ahead fora
fundamental reform of the European Emissions Trading System
(ETS). The European Council had already given its informal
approval in December 2017. This was preceded by trilateral
talks held by representatives of the two bodies and the EU
Commission, which led to an agreement in November. The
objective of the reform is to strengthen the ETS and bring it
in line with the European greenhouse gas reduction goal for
2030. By then, branches of industry participating in the
ETS must reduce their emissions by 43 % compared to 2005.
Therefore, the number of CO, certificates issued will be
lowered by 2.2 % annually during the fourth trading period,
which runs from 2021 until 2030. The current reduction rate
is 1.74%. Another objective of the amendment to the ETS is
to reduce the existing glut of allowances on the market
more quickly. This will be done by transferring a much larger
volume of allowances into the ‘market stability reserve’
(MSR) compared to what is prescribed by current legislation.
The MSR, which will be used from 2019 onwards, is a tool
that will give the EU more flexibility in bringing the supply of
certificates in line with demand. The new regulation envisages
withholding up to 24% of the volume allocated on the market
annually from 2019 to 2023 and transferring it to the MSR.
It also envisages cancelling MSR emission allowances exceeding
the volume allocated to the market in the preceding year
from 2023 onwards. In addition, it will allow member states
to cancel certificates relating to power plants closed as a
result of emission-reduction measures.

EU imposes stricter limits on air pollutant emissions. The
European Union has passed new regulations for limiting air
pollutant emissions of new power plants, which must also be
complied with by existing stations from 2021 onwards. A
corresponding implementing regulation entered into force in
August 2017. By and large, the standards are appropriate
and feasible. However, they go beyond what is achievable
at present in relation to nitrous oxides and mercury. The
implementing regulation must now be translated into national
law, which in Germany will involve an amendment to the

thirteenth Federal Emission Control Act. The EU has given
member states room for manoeuvre within which they can
set their own thresholds. We hope that German policymakers
will consider technical and economic feasibility as well as the
need for a secure supply of electricity. Only once the
Federal Emission Control Act has been amended can we
estimate the consequences that this will have for our power
plants. The need to implement extensive retrofits or to shut
down individual stations early cannot be ruled out.

European Council wants to exclude coal-fired power stations
from capacity markets. In the middle of December 2017,
the member states in the European Council agreed on a joint
position on the redesign of energy law. One of the main
topics was the determination of minimum standards that
national governments must observe if they have introduced
capacity mechanisms or intend to do so. The countries agreed
that power plants emitting more than 550 grams of carbon
dioxide per kilowatt hour may only be compensated for their
capacity if their annual emissions do not exceed 700 kilograms
per kilowatt of installed capacity. This rule should apply
to new and existing plant from 2026 and 2030 onwards,
respectively. There are no provisions governing the level

of the payments until then - with the exception that
compensation for existing stations, which do not meet the
550 gram criterion, must be reduced by 5% per year from
2026 to 2030. If the concepts of the European Council are
implemented in the planned EU Electricity Market Regulation,
coal-fired power stations and old gas-fired power plants
would not be able to participate in capacity markets. A modern
lignite-fired power plant would be allowed to operate for a
maximum of 750 hours per year in order to remain within
the annual emission contingent of 700 kg/kW. This would
only represent about 10% of its normal capacity utilisation.
The service life of a modern hard coal-fired power station
would be limited to roughly 950 hours per annum. If Germany
introduced a capacity market, a large portion of the country's
secured generation capacity would be excluded from it. Very
little would be gained in terms of security of supply.


--- Page 18 ---

Combined review of operations > Political environment

At the end of February 2018, the Industry Committee of the
European Parliament debated the matter and established its
standpoint. The Committee's position is generally in line with
the concept of the Council. It is actually a proponent of even
tighter regulation in certain areas. Now the Parliament and
Council have to agree on a joint position. This will involve
trilateral negotiations with representatives of the
Commission, which will probably carry on into the second
half of 2018.

New law on nuclear waste disposal in force - utilities pay
into the nuclear energy fund. The law on the reorganisation
of the responsibility for nuclear waste disposal in Germany
entered into force on 16 June 2017. This was half a year
after being passed by the Lower House of Parliament, as it
was subject to EU clearance. The law is largely in line

with the recommendations submitted in April 2016 by the
Commission for the Review of the Financing of the Nuclear
Phase-out tasked by the German government. Accordingly,
the federal government will handle the processing and
financing of the interim and final storage of radioactive waste,
whereas responsibility for shutting down and dismantling
the stations as well as for packaging radioactive waste will
continue to be borne by the companies. The tasks transferred
to the federal government will be financed by a fund into
which power plant operators have paid. On 3 July 2017, the
companies transferred the full amount of €24.1 billion to the
fund’s accounts at the Deutsche Bundesbank. RWE’s share
amounted to €6.8 billion. This ends the liability of nuclear
power plant operators for the costs of intermediate and final
storage. In order to provide a legal basis for this, on 26 June
the companies involved concluded a public law contract with
the Federal Republic of Germany. This contract provides the
companies with a higher level of legal certainty related to
the release from liability and also establishes details on the
conditions of transferring radioactive waste to the Federal
authorities. Based on this contract, numerous legal disputes
between the utilities and the state over nuclear energy
related issues were terminated, and the companies involved
withdrew their claims.

Germany reforms grid fee structure. The German Act on
the Modernisation of the Grid Fee Structure (NEMoG) entered
into force on 22 July 2017. The new legislation introduced
through NEMoG governs the gradual uniformity of transmission
system fees. This measure was triggered by the fact that the
four German transmission system operators mainly pass their
network operation, maintenance and expansion costs through
to the grid users in their respective balancing zones. Therefore,

35

there are significant regional differences among transmission
grid fees, which account for approximately a quarter of grid
costs. Now the fees will be aligned in annual increments
from 2019 to 2023. The details of the implementation will
be set out in a regulation. As a result of NEMOG, grid fees
will tend to rise in western and southern Germany and fall in
the north and east. Energy-intensive industries in the balancing
zone of Amprion, which is situated in North Rhine-Westphalia,
Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland as well as parts of Lower
Saxony and Bavaria, are among the losers of the reform:
they will have additional costs, which will be significant in
some cases.

The second key part of NEMOG is the partial abolition of
the compensation received by operators of decentralised
generation units for ‘avoided grid fees’. So far, the justification
for the payments has been that the higher network levels
experience relief when electricity is fed into the local
distribution system and also used locally and that this could
reduce the cost of expanding the supra-regional network,
amongst other things. However, the German government
points out that the expansion of renewable energy increasingly
leads to a local oversupply of decentrally generated electricity,
which results in feed-ins back into the higher-voltage network.
As regards the reduction in compensation for avoided
grid fees, NEMoG distinguishes between units with volatile
generation volumes (e.g. wind farms) and those with
controllable production (e.g. combined heat and power
stations). Concerning the former generation units, the law
envisages new plant no longer receiving compensation from
2018 onwards and fees for existing stations being gradually
reduced. The following applies to units with controllable
generation: new plant will no longer be subsidised from
2023 onwards, whereas old stations will continue to receive
compensation. However, NEMoG also introduces limitations
for the latter type of plant: the law stipulates that the basis
for calculating avoided grid fees (which is derived from the
grid costs) will be frozen at the 2016 level from 2018 onwards.
It also envisages no longer taking into account certain grid
costs in the future. Some RWE power stations are affected
by these two adjustments. By contrast, operators of generation
units that are covered by the German Renewable Energy Act
(EEG) are not disadvantaged by the reform, as income from
avoided grid fees results in a commensurate reduction in
compensation under the EEG.


--- Page 19 ---

36 RWE Annual R

German Network Agency decides to introduce new general
productivity target for gas network operators. At the end
of last year, the German Network Agency, which is the federal
network regulator, determined the minimum efficiency
improvements that it expects of gas network operators from
2018 onwards. Accordingly, companies must increase
productivity by 0.49 % above the general rate. In addition,
network operators which have been found to have inefficiencies
on the basis of cost audits will be obliged to achieve additional
increases. The aforementioned rate of increase is preliminary.
This indicator - usually referred to as the ‘general sectoral
productivity factor’ - is one of the key levers in the concept
of German incentive-based regulation for network operators.
Within the scope of this concept, the regulatory authorities
establish revenue caps for each five-year regulatory period.
These caps are adjusted on an annual basis - depending on
the productivity increases demanded of companies, among
other things. The third regulation period for gas began at
the start of 2018, and for electricity it will begin a year later.
The federal and state governments had set the general
sectoral productivity factor at 1.25% and 1.5% per year for
the first two regulatory periods. This determination has
now been made by the Network Agency for the first time.
The Federal Association of the German Energy and Water
Industries (BDEW) and the network operators are of the
opinion that the earlier rates were too high. The BDEW
believes that they should be reduced to zero, as it feels that
anything above this level implies that the network operators’
progress in terms of productivity is above average or that
increases in wages and the cost of materials and capital
employed in the grid business are below those of the
economy in general.

New Dutch government aims for exit from coal by 2030.
In mid-October 2017, after more than 200 days of negotiations,
the new Dutch government concluded its coalition agreement.
It reflects the intent of the four coalition parties, under the
leadership of Prime Minister Mark Rutte, to take ambitious
steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. One objective is
for the country to stop generating electricity from coal
completely by 2030. Five hard coal-fired power stations are
currently in operation in the Netherlands, including two
owned by RWE. Furthermore, the new government intends
to introduce a national carbon price floor, making CO,
emissions in the electricity sector more expensive. The goal
behind these and further measures is to lower the country’s
greenhouse gas emissions by 49 % by 2030 compared to the
1990 level. In spite of this, the government is putting a
stop to the subsidisation of biomass co-firing: it intends to
discontinue this completely from 2024 onwards. However,
subsidies already pledged to RWE will probably not be
affected by this. At present, it is impossible to predict the

ramifications of the coalition agreement for the energy
sector, as a lot depends on the details of the climate protection
package. To this end, the government intends to enter into
a broad-based dialogue involving all affected companies.
The measures will then be written into a new national climate
and energy agreement by the end of 2018.

Incremental capping of energy prices for UK households.
In the United Kingdom, policymakers have begun to cap
energy prices for certain customer groups. The first of this
type of measure entered into force in April 2017. It applies
to households with prepayment meters and is limited to
three years. In February 2018, this scheme was expanded to
standard-tariff customers that receive a price reduction as
low-income households, known as the ‘warm home discount’.
This regulation has a limited term and will be abolished by
no later than the end of 2019.

The government envisages all customers with standard-rate
tariffs benefiting from a price cap in the future. In October
2017, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial
Strategy presented a corresponding bill to the UK Parliament
for review. It stipulates that the planned price cap will expire
at the end of 2020. However, policymakers reserve the right
to prolong it for up to three years. The review of the bill was
completed in February 2018. A revised bill is expected to be
submitted to Parliament in the spring, with the legislative
and approval steps scheduled to be taken by the end of
2018. Although there is no certainty on the details of the
general price capping, it will probably have negative effects
on the earnings of utilities.


--- Page 20 ---

of operations > Major events 37

1.5 MAJOR EVENTS

A number of pleasing events occurred for RWE last year. One was that the constitutional judges in Karlsruhe declared
the German nuclear fuel tax null and void, resulting in the federal government refunding us the €1.7 billion in taxes
we had paid in earlier years. We want to pay part of this sum to our shareholders as a special dividend in early May
2018. There was also some good news from innogy: our subsidiary paved the way for the continued expansion of its
wind portfolio and positioned itself as an international supplier of solar farms and battery storage units by acquiring
Belectric Solar & Battery. Furthermore, innogy came up with a convincing solution for its beleaguered UK retail
customer business: together with its competitor SSE, it wants to create a strong, independent retail company in
the United Kingdom. In the following, we will present the major events that occurred in 2017 and the beginning of

2018. We have limited ourselves to events that have not been commented on in detail elsewhere in this report.

Events in the fiscal year

German Constitutional Court declares nuclear fuel tax
null and void. In the middle of April 2017, the German
Constitutional Court ruled that the German Nuclear Fuel Tax
Act was in violation of basic law and thus null and void.
The decision was announced on 7 June. The Act had been
passed by the German Lower House of Parliament at the
end of October 2010 without involving the Upper House and
expired at the end of 2016. It obligated the operators of
nuclear power plants to pay a tax on the fuel used in their
stations. Since 2011, RWE had filed appeals in court and
with the authorities due to the doubts it had in relation to
the Act’s conformity with EU legislation and the German
constitution. The Hamburg Fiscal Court shared our concerns
and submitted the matter to the Constitutional Court. The
constitutional judges found that the federal legislator was not
authorised to introduce the nuclear fuel tax because it is not
classified as a consumption tax within the meaning of Article
106 of German Basic Law. We had made payments totalling
some €1.7 billion during the levy period, which was from 2011
to 2016. We were refunded this sum in addition to accrued
interest. We recognised the tax refund in the non-operating
result and the interest in the other financial result. This did
not affect adjusted EBITDA or adjusted net income.

RWE AG Executive Board plans special dividend of €1 from
nuclear fuel tax refund. Due to the reimbursement of the
nuclear fuel tax at the beginning of May 2018, the Executive
Board of RWE AG plans to pay a special dividend of €1 per
share in addition to the regular dividend of €0.50 per share.
We announced this in June 2017 after consulting with the
Supervisory Board. The dividend proposal will be submitted
to the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2018 for the
passage of a corresponding resolution. Based on the total
of 614.7 million RWE shares, including 39 million preferred
shares, the planned special disbursement amounts to
€615 million. We are using most of the tax refund to increase
our financial strength.

RWE sheds majority stake in Matra. In the middle of
December, RWE Power and EnBW signed a contract for the
joint sale of their shareholdings of 50.9% and 21.7% in
the Hungarian electricity generator Matrai Erémii Zrt. (Matra
for short). The buyer is a consortium made up of EP Holding,
which is based in the Czech Republic, and Hungarian investor
Lérinc Mészaros. The transaction is scheduled for completion
in the spring of 2018. Our rationale for the sale is that we
want to focus our conventional electricity business on the
core markets Germany, the United Kingdom and the Benelux
region. Matra specialises in producing and generating
electricity from lignite. The company has slightly more
than 2,000 people on its payroll and has a net generation
capacity of about 840 MW.

Further divestments in the generation business. We
completed the sale of the following investments and assets
last year:

= Unit 5 of the Hamborn CHP station: the plant was sold to
its former leaseholder thyssenkrupp Steel Europe (TKSE) at
the end of May. It is located on the premises of the steel
mill of TKSE in Duisburg, Germany, which is its operator.
The unit is gas-fired and has a nominal electric capacity of
225 MW (net).

Stakes in two residential property companies in the Rhenish
lignite mining region: the interests of 50% and 15% held by
RWE Power in Wohnungsbaugesellschaft fiir das Rheinische
Braunkohlenrevier GmbH (WBG) and GSG Wohnungsbau
Braunkohle GmbH were acquired by the Gelsenkirchen-based
real estate company Vivawest in July. The price is a
mid-range double-digit million euro amount. Together, WBG
and GSG own approximately 1,800 rented apartments and
1,200 garages and parking spaces in 320 buildings in the
Cologne-Aachen-Grevenbroich area. In addition, they
manage some 150 residential units for third parties. The
companies’ original objective was to offer housing to
miners, but there is hardly any need for this now.


--- Page 21 ---

38 RWE Annual R

* Littlebrook power plant site: in September, we sold most
of the site to the UK property investor Tritax Big Box
REIT plc. A smaller part had already been sold to the
transmission system operator National Grid in August.
The property sales resulted in total euro proceeds in the
upper double-digit million range. The Littlebrook site is
situated on the banks of the River Thames in Dartford,
east of London. Until the end of March 2015, we operated
an oil-fired power plant there. Due to stricter emission
limits for large combustion plants, the station had to be
shut down.

innogy and SSE intend to combine UK retail operations.
At the beginning of November, innogy and its British
competitor SSE agreed to establish an independent retail
company in the United Kingdom by merging operations.
innogy will transfer its entire UK retail business to the new
company. SSE will contribute its residential customer
business and its activities in the field of energy solutions but
retain corporate customer sales and the Irish business. The
merged retail company is expected to have a premium listing
on the London Stock Exchange. innogy will take a 34.4%
non-controlling interest in the company, and SSE intends to
demerge its 65.6% interest to its shareholders. The transaction
is subject to approval from the competition and regulatory
authorities and SSE's shareholders. Including the listing, the
deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2018 or the
first quarter of 2019. Until then, innogy and SSE will run their
retail operations completely independently of one another.

This transaction is happening against the backdrop of the
difficult framework conditions in the UK supply market,
which is characterised by extremely high competitive pressure
and continued political intervention to the detriment of the
companies. In this challenging environment, the creation of
a large independent retail company provides additional
opportunities to win customers through attractive offers and
good service. innogy’s UK renewables business will not be
affected by the transaction. This is an area in which our
subsidiary wants to continue growing, in particular by investing
in wind farm projects.

innogy receives subsidy contract for Triton Knoll offshore
wind farm and becomes project's sole owner. In the
middle of August, innogy won a tender for the Triton Knoll
offshore wind project from the UK Department for Business,
Energy and Industrial Strategy. The decision was reached by
way of an auction. The project, which involves the construction
of wind turbines with a combined capacity of approximately
860 MW off the eastern coast of England, has an estimated
investment volume of £2 billion. The state guarantees £74.75
in compensation for each MWh of electricity fed into the grid
from the wind farm for a period of 15 years. Until recently,
Statkraft also held a stake in Triton Knoll, but in October 2017
the Norwegian energy utility sold its 50% interest to innogy,
which is now the project’s sole owner. The Triton Knoll site
has favourable wind conditions and moderate water depths.
All of the permits necessary for the wind farm have already
been obtained. The final investment decision is scheduled to
be made in the middle of 2018 and, based on current plans,
the turbines could start being commissioned in 2021.

In the United Kingdom, renewable energy has been
subsidised via a mechanism called ‘contract for difference’
(CfD) since April 2015. If the price received by an operator
on the wholesale market is lower than a guaranteed payment,
the operator is reimbursed the difference. If the price is
higher, the payment must be made by the operator. Projects
qualifying for subsidies are chosen as follows: if a subsidy
pool for a certain generation technology is large enough, all
applicants receive a CfD. If the pool is insufficient, an auction
determines who receives the awards.

Acquisition of Belectric Solar & Battery and wind power
project pipeline in the USA. Last year, innogy took further
steps for the successful implementation of its growth strategy.
In early January 2017, it acquired the ground-mounted solar
collector and battery storage specialist Belectric Solar & Battery
GmbH for €74 million. The acquired company is headquartered
in Kolitzheim, Germany, and has built solar collectors with a
total net installed capacity of over 1.6 GW since its inception
in 2001. Belectric is also the operator of a large number of
these units. Furthermore, the company develops turnkey,
large-scale battery storage solutions.


--- Page 22 ---

Combined review of operations > Major events

In the USA, innogy secured a project pipeline for onshore
wind turbines with a total net installed capacity of over

2 GW. The seller is the British investment company Terra Firma
Capital Partners. The transaction was contractually agreed
in December 2017 and is scheduled to be completed in the
second quarter of 2018. It requires the approval of the
Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. The
acquired project portfolio encompasses more than 20 ventures
distributed over seven states and in various phases of
development. innogy will review the projects for profitability
and keep all of its options open in terms of financing and
ownership structure for the time being.

Zuidwester and Nordsee One wind farms officially go
online. Last year, two large wind energy projects in which
innogy was involved were completed successfully. First the
wind farms constructed as part of the Noordoostpolder
large-scale project were inaugurated in mid-June, including
the innogy wind farm Zuidwester with a capacity of 90 MW.
Zuidwester is located at the Usselmeer. Its twelve onshore
turbines are currently some of the most powerful in the
world, capable of generating 7.5 MW each. They replace
50 smaller turbines installed in the 1980s and 1990s. As a
result of this, the capacity of Zuidwester has increased six-fold.
innogy has invested approximately €150 million in this wind
farm, which has been generating electricity at full capacity
since early 2017. Numerous companies are participating in
Noordoostpolder. A total of 86 turbines with a total capacity
of around 430 MW, located nearshore in the lsselmeer and
onshore along the dyke, have been built within the scope of
Noordoostpolder.

In December, the Nordsee One offshore wind farm, with a
generation capacity of 332 MW, was completed. Nordsee
One is located approximately 40 kilometres north of the East
Frisian Isle of Juist. Its main owner is the Canadian power
utility Northland Power. innogy holds a 13.5 % stake. The
wind farm has been generating electricity with all 54 of its
turbines since September 2017. However, the construction
work lasted until the end of the year. A total of €1.2 billion
was invested in the project.

39

Starting shot for UK capacity market. The first twelve-month
period of the UK capacity market began on 1 October 2017.
During this period, the generators are paid £6.95 per kilowatt
for the availability of the generation capacity that they
guarantee. The payment was determined in early 2017 by
way of an auction, in which all RWE stations involved qualified
for a combined 7.9 GW in capacity payments. The bidding
procedure involved a total of 59.3 GW in generation capacity,
of which 54.4 GW won a contract. It was the fourth auction
for the UK capacity market. The three preceding ones related
to later periods. The auction procedure is as follows: the
state calls for tenders for a certain amount of secured capacity.
The participants submit bids as a minimum payment that
they require for keeping their plant available during a
pre-defined period. For old stations, this period generally lasts
for twelve months, and for new stations, it can be extended
to 15 years. The auction determines the level of the payment
at which supply and demand are in line with each other. This
is the amount received by all bidders which have submitted
offers for a subsidy at or below that level. Participation in
the capacity auctions is voluntary and technology-neutral.
Plants that already receive other subsidies do not qualify.
The first capacity auction was held in December 2014 and
related to the period from October 2018 to September 2019,
whereas the two following auctions each covered the next
twelve months. This is because the original plan was to begin
making payments in October 2018. To avoid supply shortfalls,
which may have occurred if hard coal-fired power plants had
been forced by the market to shut down, the UK government
expedited the start of the capacity market by a year.

RWE equips Eemshaven and Amer 9 hard coal-fired power
stations for biomass co-firing. In the first half of 2017, we
decided to retrofit our hard coal-fired power plants Eemshaven
and Amer 9 for co-firing with biomass. The Dutch state
approved subsidies of up to €2.6 billion for the two plants.
Along with the retrofits, the subsidies will also finance the
additional expenses for procuring fuel. We will receive these
funds over a period of eight years. The subsidies are allocated
so that Eemshaven can achieve a biomass ratio of 15% and
Amer 9 a ratio of 80% (instead of the previous 35%). The
Eemshaven power station has a net installed capacity of
1,554 MW and has been generating electricity since 2014.
Amer 9 has a net capacity of 643 MW and has been in
operation since 1993. In the event of a retrofit to achieve the
aforementioned ratios, we would produce environmentally
friendly electricity using a total of 2.5 million metric tons of
biomass per year, allowing us to lower our annual CO,
emissions by roughly 4 million metric tons. We will mainly
source the ‘green’ fuel in Europe and America, ensuring that
the requirements of the Dutch sustainability protocol for
biomass are satisfied. The protocol was developed by the


--- Page 23 ---

Dutch government together with energy companies and
non-governmental organisations and has been proven in tests.

Gundremmingen B nuclear power station shut down.
Unit B of the Gundremmingen nuclear power plant was taken
offline for good on 31 December 2017. The station's
decommissioning is mandated by law as a result of the
government's decision in 2011 to phase out nuclear energy.
Unit C, which is identical and adjacent to Unit B at the
Gundremmingen site, has permission to produce electricity
until the end of 2021. RWE and E.ON hold stakes of 75%
and 25% in the two units, respectively. Gundremmingen B
had a net installed capacity of 1,284 MW and was
commissioned in 1984 after eight years of construction.
Since then, except during brief downtimes for inspection
and maintenance, it contributed to the supply of electricity
around the clock, both reliably and with zero carbon
emissions. At approximately 330 billion kWh, its cumulative
generation corresponds to half the amount consumed in
Germany ina year.

Events after the close of the fiscal year

UK capacity market auction for 2021/2022: RWE secures
payment for 6.6 GW in generation capacity. Two further
auctions for the UK capacity market were held at the beginning
of 2018. The focus was on the bidding process for the delivery
period from 1 October 2021 to 30 September 2022, which
ended after three days on 8 February 2018. With the exception
of the Aberthaw hard coal-fired power plant and some small
new-build projects, all RWE stations entered in the auction
qualified for a capacity payment. Together, they account for
6.6 GW of secured capacity. However, the £8.40/kW capacity
payment (before adjustment for inflation) determined by the
tender was far below market expectations. Existing stations
and new build projects with a total of 74.2 GW in generation
capacity entered the auction, 50.4 GW of which received a
capacity payment.

Peter Terium leaves innogy. The Chairman and CEO of
innogy SE, Peter Terium, left the company on 19 December
2017 by amicable and mutual agreement with the Supervisory
Board. His successor had not yet been chosen when the
review of operations was prepared. Uwe Tigges, who is in
charge of the human resources office on the Executive
Board, is the Board's Interim Chairman. In connection with
this personnel decision, the Supervisory Board of innogy SE
emphasised that it is generally supportive of the course
charted by the Executive Board, but that it wishes that cost
discipline be given a higher priority. Mr. Terium had held
various positions in the RWE Group since 2003. He assumed
chairmanship of the Executive Board of RWE AG in July 2012
and did the same at innogy SE in April 2016. After the
successful IPO of our subsidiary in October 2016, he only
worked for innogy. Mr. Terium was instrumental in the
company advancing to become a trailblazer of sustainable
and intelligent energy supply.

A few days before, a further auction took place, relating to
the period from 1 October 2018 to 30 September 2019. An
auction had already been held for this period in December
2014, at which stations accounting for a combined 49.3 GW
(including 8.0 GW of RWE) qualified for a payment of
£19.40/kW. The recent auction served the purpose of closing
remaining capacity gaps. Additional generation capacity
of 5.8 GW was auctioned at a price of £6.00/kW. RWE had
participated in the procedure with a small unit, which will
not receive a payment.


--- Page 24 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance

1.6 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

41

The RWE Group achieved its earnings goals for 2017. This was mainly thanks to a greatly improved performance in
energy trading. In addition, we posted above-average income from the commercial optimisation of our power plant
deployment. This is why our adjusted EBITDA was actually slightly higher than anticipated, totalling €5.8 billion,
whereas adjusted net income was at the upper end of the forecast range, amounting to €1.2 billion. However, the
encouraging overall picture should not belie the fact that the margins of our coal-fired and nuclear power stations

have deteriorated further. The significant decline in electricity prices of earlier years came to bear here. However, we
slightly cushioned the margin drops through our ongoing efficiency programme.

Business performance in 2017: What we forecast and what we accomplished

Outlook vs. actual 2016 actual Outlook for fiscal 2017" 2017 actual Forecast fulfilled?
€ million € million
Adjusted EBITDA 5,403 €5.4 billion to €5.7 billion 5,756 Actual > Outlook
Lignite & Nuclear 1,079 Significantly below previous year 671 Yes
European Power 377 Significantly below previous year 463 Actual > Outlook
Supply & Trading -139 Significantly above previous year 271 Yes
innogy 4,203 Moderately above previous year 4,331 Yes
Adjusted net income 777 €1.0 billion to €1.3 billion 1,232 Yes

1 See page 87 et seq. of the 2016 Annual Report and page 13 of the Interim statement on the first quarter of 2017.
Qualifiers such as ‘moderately’ or ‘significantly’ indicate percentage deviations from the previous year's figures.

Electricity production 6 % down on previous year. In the
financial year that just came to a close, the RWE Group
produced 202.2 billion kWh of electricity. In 2017, 37 % of
our electricity generation was from lignite, 27 % from gas,
15 % from both hard coal and nuclear, and 6% from
renewables. Power production was 6 % lower year on year.
The contribution made by hard coal dropped considerably.
Unfavourable market conditions played a role. Furthermore,
the Voerde A/B hard coal-fired power station was shut down as
of 1 April 2017. The two units each had a net installed
capacity of 695 MW and belonged to Steag (75%) and RWE
(25%). As the sole marketer, we disclosed its electricity as
part of our generation. There were no major changes in the
amounts of electricity that we generated from other energy
sources. Our gas-fired power plants increased their production
slightly, because market conditions improved in Continental
Europe. In the United Kingdom, however, some of these
stations were taken offline for extended periods of time for
retrofits. We also posted a marginal gain in electricity
generation from renewables. This was mainly because
innogy commissioned new wind turbines and utilisation of

existing wind power capacity rose due to the weather.
Conversely, dry weather curtailed the production output of
German hydroelectric power stations. Volumes also shrank
due to the sale of the 33.3 % stake in the wind energy
producer Zephyr Investments Limited in July 2016 (see 2016
Annual Report, page 40): based on contractually agreed
electricity purchases, our reporting had included a portion of
the generation and capacity of Zephyr’s UK wind farm
portfolio. In lignite-based power generation, opposing factors
almost neutralised each other. There was a decline in
outages owing to damage at power plants and scheduled
maintenance. At the same time, however, two lignite units
with net installed capacities of 284 MW and 278 MW were
decommissioned as of 1 October 2017 and put into
legally-mandated standby (see page 20).

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure electricity
from external suppliers. In the year being reviewed, these
purchases totalled 76.0 billion kWh (previous year: 65.3 billion
kWh). In-house generation and power purchases combined
for 278.2 billion kWh in total electricity production (previous
year: 281.4 billion kWh).


--- Page 25 ---

42 RV

Annual Report 2017

Power generation Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Renewables Pumped Total
storage,
other
Billion kWh 2017 «2016 «= 2017-2016) 2017-20160 2017-2016) 2017-2016 = 2017-2016» 2017_—s 2016
Lignite & Nuclear - - 74.2 74.3 - - 30.3 30.1 - - 0.7 0.4 105.2 104.8
European Power 52.9 52.6 - - 29.3 44.2 - - 11 11 2.4 2.6 85.7 100.5
of which:
Germany" 7.4 6.3 - - 13.3 22.4 - - 07 0.7 2.4 2.6 23.8 32.0
United Kingdom 324 36.2 - - 2.6 6.7 - - 0.4 0.4 - - 354 43.3
Netherlands/Belgium 9.3 6.9 - - 13.4 15.1 - - - - - - Baw 22.0
innogy 1.0 0.7 - - 0.1 0.1 - - 10.2 10.0 - - 11.3 10.8
RWE Group 53.9 53.3 74.2 74.3 294 44.3 30.3 30.1 11.3 11.1 31 3.0 202.2 216.1

1 Including electricity from generation assets not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. In 2017, it amounted to

6.3 billion kWh (previous year: 10.6 billion kWh).

One of Europe’s biggest power producers, with 43.3 GW
in generation capacity. At the end of 2017, we had a total
installed power generation capacity of 43.3 GW, giving us a
leading market position in Europe. This figure includes the
two lignite units that we put into standby and mothballed
stations which are not currently operated for economic
reasons. It also includes plants owned by third parties that
we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term
agreements. Our generation capacity declined by 3.1 GW
last year. This was primarily because we shut down the
Voerde A/B hard coal-fired power station (1,390 MW) as of
1 April 2017 and the Gundremmingen B nuclear power
station (1,284 MW) as of 31 December 2017. At innogy,
the closure of two hard coal units of the Saarland-based
subsidiary VSE led to a drop in capacity, whereas the

commissioning of new wind turbines had a counteracting
effect. The sale of the Hungarian lignite-based electricity
generator Matra contractually agreed in December 2017
(see page 37) did not affect the disclosed generation
capacity, as the transaction had not closed as of the
balance-sheet date.

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our major source of
energy. At the end of 2017, it accounted for 35%. Lignite
was in second place with 25 %, followed by hard coal, with
17%. Renewables and nuclear energy had a share of 10%
and 6%, respectively. The geographic focus of our generation
business is Germany, where 59 % of our installed capacity
is located. The United Kingdom and the Netherlands follow,
accounting for shares of 22% and 13%, respectively.

Power generation capacity Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear — Renewables Pumped Total Total
As of 31 Dec 2017, in MW storage, 31 Dec 2016
other
Lignite & Nuclear 460 11,017 - 2,770 23 27 14,297 15,764
European Power 14,382 - 7,292 - 261 2,792 24,727 26,116
of which:
Germany’ 3,867 - 3,675 - 55 2,528 10,125 11,518
United Kingdom 6,662 - 1,560 - 55 264 8,541 8,546
Netherlands/Belgium 3,066 - 2,057 - 151 - 5,274 5,265
Turkey 787 - - - - - 787 787
innogy 234 - 10 - 3,864 137 4,245 4,531
RWE Group 15,076 11,017 7,302 2,770 4,148 2,956 43,269 46,411

1 Including generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. As of the end of 2017, it amounted to 2,986 MW

(previous year: 4,373 MW).


--- Page 26 ---

Combined rev

ations > Business performance

Significant decline in CO, emissions. Last year, our power
stations emitted 132.4 million metric tons of carbon dioxide.
Our own plants accounted for 129.3 million metric tons, and
the remaining 3.1 million metric tons came from contractually
secured capacity. Compared to 2016, our CO, emissions
declined by 15.9 million metric tons, or 11%. Specific emissions,
i.e. carbon dioxide emissions per megawatt hour of electricity
generated, also declined, dropping from 0.686 to 0.655 metric
tons. This was mainly because last year we produced much
less electricity from coal.

43

Since the beginning of the third emissions trading period,
which started on 1 January 2013, the countries of Western
Europe have only allocated free emission allowances to
energy utilities in exceptional cases. Of the 131.0 million
metric tons of carbon dioxide that we emitted in EU countries
in 2017, we were only able to cover 1.6 million metric tons
with such allocations. In the previous year, we had received
free certificates for 4.5 million metric tons, more than half
of which were for unit 5 of the Hamborn CHP station, which
has since been sold.

Emissions balance CO, emissions

Free allocation of CO, certificates Shortage of CO, certificates

Million metric tons of CO,

2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Lignite & Nuclear 88.5, 88.6 07 0.8 87.8 87.8
European Power! 43.3 59.0 0.6 3.4 413 54.4
of which:
Germany? 14.1 24.7 0.6 3.4 13.5 213
United Kingdom 14.0 19.1 = - 14.0 19.1
Netherlands/Belgium 13.8 14.0 = - 13.8 14.0
innogy 0.6 07 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.4
RWE Group 132.4 148.3 1.6 45 129.4 142.6

1 Includes the CO, emissions of our gas-fired power station in the Turkish town of Denizli, which amounted to 1.4 million metric tons in 2017 (previous year: 1.2 million metric
tons). As Turkey does not participate in European emissions trading, we do not need emission allowances for these volumes.
2 Including generation capacity not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term contracts. In 2017, these stations emitted a total of 3.1 million

metric tons of CO» (previous year: 7.1 million metric tons).

91.3 million metric tons of lignite produced. The fuel used
by our power stations is procured by our generation companies
either directly on the market or via RWE Supply & Trading.
We source lignite from proprietary opencast mines. In our
main mining region, which is west of Cologne, we produced
91.3 million metric tons of lignite last year (previous year:

90.5 million metric tons), of which 79.3 million metric tons
were used to generate electricity in our power plants. The
remainder was used to manufacture refined products (e.g.
lignite briquettes) and, to a limited extent, to generate
process steam and district heat.


--- Page 27 ---

44 RWE Annual

External electricity sales volume Residential and Industrial and Distributors Total
commercial customers corporate customers

Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Lignite & Nuclear 0.2 0.2 - - 12.0 12.5 12.2 12.7
European Power - - 2.2 2.4 5.2 5.0 7.4 7.4
Supply & Trading = - 35.6 30.3 = - 35.6! 39,3!
innogy 50.4 52.3 70.7 73.5 84.8 79.3 205.9 205.1
RWE Group? 50.6 52.6 108.5 106.2 102.0 96.8 261.1 264.6

1 Including volume effects of the sale of self-generated electricity on the wholesale market. If these sales volumes exceed the purchases made for supply purposes, the difference
is recognised in the sales volume. This was not the case in fiscal 2017, whereas in 2016, there was a positive balance of 9.0 billion kWh.

2 Including volumes subsumed under ‘other, consolidation’.

Electricity sales volume slightly down year on year. In the
year under review, RWE sold 261.1 billion kWh of electricity
to external customers, slightly less than in 2016. One reason
for this decline was that our generation output shrank and
RWE Supply & Trading therefore sold less electricity from
RWE power plants on the wholesale market (see footnote 1

to the above table). Furthermore, innogy lost customers in
the residential and corporate retail business, above all

in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. However, our
subsidiary offset these sales shortfalls by adding new
customers and intensifying its supply activities with existing
customers at German distributors.

External gas sales volume Residential and Industrial and Distributors Total
commercial customers corporate customers

Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016

Supply & Trading = - 26.8 24.7 0.7 03 27.5 25.0

innogy 100.6 102.9 67.6 83.1 58.4 54.1 226.6 240.1

RWE Group 100.6 102.9 94.4 107.8 59.1 54.4 254.1 265.1

Gas supply volume down 4%. At 254.1 billion kWh, gas
sales were 4% lower year on year, despite marginal gains in
the Supply & Trading division. A major reason for this was
that industrial and corporate customers served by innogy
switched suppliers. This comes to bear especially in sales
volumes in Eastern Europe. Our subsidiary also suffered

declines in volumes in the residential sector due to competition.
However, these were moderate and predominantly related
to the Dutch and UK businesses. Similar to electricity, the
aforementioned drops in sales were contrasted by higher
deliveries to German distributors.


--- Page 28 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance 45
External revenue 2017 2016 +/-
€ million %
Lignite & Nuclear 1,176 1,193 -1.4
European Power 728 774 -5.9
Supply & Trading 3,189 3,646 -12.5
innogy 39,475 40,149 -17
Other, consolidation 7 71 -76.1
RWE Group 44,585 45,833 -2.7
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 2,151 2,243 -4.1
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 42,434 43,590 -2.7

External revenue slightly lower year on year. The RWE Group
generated €44,585 million in external revenue. This figure
includes natural gas and electricity tax. Compared to the
preceding year, our revenue declined by 3%. €31,665 million
stemmed from the sale of electricity and €10,012 million
from the sale of gas. We recorded declines of 3% for both

products, primarily due to the drop in supply volumes. The
development of revenue was slightly affected by changes
in foreign exchange rates. On average, sterling, our most
important foreign currency, dropped from €1.22 to €1.14.
As a consequence, revenue generated in the UK was lower
when converted to euros.

Adjusted EBITDA 2017 2016 +/-
€ million %
Lignite & Nuclear 671 1,079 -37.8
European Power! 463 377 22.8
Supply & Trading Pal -139 295.0
innogy 4,331 4,203 3.0
Other, consolidation 20 -117 7.1
RWE Group 5,756 5,403 65

1 Thereof UK: €205 million (2017) and €270 million (2016).

Adjusted EBITDA of €5.8 billion slightly higher than
forecast. In the fiscal year that just ended, we achieved
adjusted EBITDA of €5,756 million. Compared to 2016, this
represents a rise of 7%, primarily due to a significantly
improved performance in energy trading. In addition, costs
incurred to operate and maintain distribution networks
dropped, while declining generation margins weighed on
earnings. The outlook that we published in March 2017
envisaged adjusted EBITDA in the range of €5.4 billion to
€5.7 billion (see 2016 Annual Report, page 87 et seq.).

We closed the reporting year slightly above this range in
part due to unexpectedly high revenue from the commercial
optimisation of our power plant dispatch.

The following is a breakdown by segment:

= Lignite & Nuclear: Here, adjusted EBITDA experienced a
significant decline as expected, dropping by 38% to
€671 million. The main reason for this is that we realised
lower wholesale prices for the generation from our
lignite-fired and nuclear power stations than in 2016. We
had already sold forward nearly all of the production
of these plants in earlier years. Another reason for the
decline in earnings was that in 2016 adjusted EBITDA
included one-off income from the reversal of mining
provisions. Moreover, the earnings of Matra in Hungary
deteriorated. Due to the company’s impending sale, we
stopped recognising the earnings it achieved after 1 April
2017 in adjusted EBITDA, recording them instead in the
non-operating result. A positive effect was felt from the
fact that we no longer have to pay a nuclear fuel tax. In
addition, we benefited from the resolute continuation of
our efficiency-enhancement programme.


--- Page 29 ---

46 RWE Annual Rt

= European Power: Adjusted EBITDA in this segment rose by
23 % to €463 million. We therefore exceeded the March
forecast, which had envisaged a significant decline. Two
factors were instrumental in this: we achieved above-
average earnings from the commercial optimisation of our
power plant deployment, and the sale of the former
Littlebrook power plant site resulted in a book gain, which
we had not planned (see page 38). The rise in adjusted
EBITDA can also be traced back to efficiency-enhancing
measures. Whereas the market conditions for our hard
coal-fired power stations worsened, they improved for our
gas-fired power plants. Our accrual of provisions for
impending losses from an electricity procurement contract
in the preceding year had a major effect on the development
of earnings. However, we also recorded exceptional income
in 2016: it stemmed in part from property sales, the
reversal of restructuring provisions, and the final settlement
of damage caused to the new hard coal-fired power plant
at Hamm (Westphalia).

Supply & Trading: Here, adjusted EBITDA grew from
-€139 million to €271 million. The significant rise in
earnings we had forecast was therefore achieved. The
main reason for this was the normalisation of our trading
performance compared to the extremely weak performance
in the prior year. Moreover, we posted substantial earnings
in the gas business. A counteracting effect was felt because
adjusted EBITDA for 2016 included our profit on the sale
of the Lynemouth hard coal-fired power station in the
United Kingdom (see page 22).

= innogy: At €4,331 million, adjusted EBITDA of our subsidiary
met our forecast, rising by 3% compared to 2016. The grid
business was the main contributor: in Germany, network
operation and maintenance costs declined. In addition, the
reversal of provisions resulted in a profit, whereas 2016
was burdened by the accrual of provisions. Moreover, in
the Czech Republic, transit volumes in the gas distribution
network were above average in 2017 due to the weather.
innogy also posted a gain in renewable energy, albeit
only to a moderate extent. One-off income resulting from
the revaluation of our subsidiary’s shares in the Triton Knoll
offshore wind project played a role. The commissioning
of new wind turbines and improved wind conditions also
contributed to the increase in earnings. However, this was
contrasted by negative effects of the reduction in the use
of German hydroelectric power stations and the weak
British pound. Furthermore, the previous year’s figure
included one-off income from minor divestments. Adjusted
EBITDA in retail declined slightly, in part due to a drop in
income from the reversal of provisions for legal risks in
Germany. Efficiency-improving measures provided relief in
the UK retail business, which is run by the innogy subsidiary
npower. However, npower continued to have difficulty in
coping with the high competitive pressure. Many of the
company’s customers switched providers or could only be
retained by offering them contracts with more favourable
conditions. In addition, there was a rise in upfront costs.
An increase in standard tariffs for electricity and gas, which
became effective in the middle of March, only partially
offset the aforementioned burdens.

Adjusted EBIT 2017 2016 +/-
€ million %
Lignite & Nuclear 399 664 39.9
European Power' 155, -37 518.9
Supply & Trading 265 -145 282.8
innogy 2,816 2,735 3.0
Other, consolidation u -135 108.1
RWE Group 3,646 3,082 18.3

1 Thereof UK: €40 million (2017) and €97 million (2016).


--- Page 30 ---

Combined revie

of operations > Business performance

Adjusted EBIT characterised by significant drop in operating
depreciation. Adjusted EBIT rose by 18% to €3,646 million.
The percentage increase was therefore much bigger than for
adjusted EBITDA. The backdrop to this is that adjusted EBIT
includes operating depreciation and amortisation, which

47

decreased considerably. This drop is largely because we
recognised substantial impairments in the 2016 consolidated
financial statements (see 2016 Annual Report, page 48) and
the asset base for scheduled depreciation was therefore lower.

Non-operating result 2017 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Capital gains/losses 118 94 24
Impact of derivatives on earnings -719 -799 80
Goodwill impairment losses -479 - -479
Other 1,241 -5,956 7,197
Non-operating result 161 -6,661 6,822

Reconciliation to net income: substantial exceptional
income from the nuclear fuel tax refund. The reconciliation
from adjusted EBIT to net income was characterised by the
positive effects we felt from the refund of the German nuclear
fuel tax. However, opposing effects of impairments also came
to bear.

The non-operating result, in which we recognise certain one-
off effects which are not related to operations or to the period
being reviewed, improved by €6,822 million to €161 million.
Its components developed as follows:

= Book gains on the disposal of investments and assets
totalled €118 million (previous year: €94 million). This
includes income we achieved through the sale of Unit 5 of
the Hamborn CHP station in Germany and stakes in two
residential property companies in the Rhenish lignite mining
region. More detailed information on the aforementioned
transactions can be found on page 37.

= Changes in the value of certain derivatives which we
use to hedge against price fluctuations reduced earnings
by €719 million (previous year: €799 million). Pursuant to
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), derivatives
are accounted for at fair value at the corresponding
balance-sheet date, whereas the transactions which are
hedged with the derivatives are only recognised as a
profit or loss when they are realised. These timing differences
result in short-term effects on earnings, which are
neutralised over time.

= Unlike in the prior year, we recognised a goodwill
impairment loss of €479 million. It relates to innogy’s UK
retail business, the medium-term earnings prospects of
which have worsened.

= The earnings stated under ‘other’ improved by €7,197 million
to €1,241 million. The main reason was that the financial
statements for the preceding year included significant
one-off burdens, including impairments of €4.3 billion for
power plants and other property, plant and equipment.
We also recognised impairment losses in 2017 primarily
related to the Hungarian lignite-based power generator
Matra. However, at €0.3 billion, they were far below the
figure recorded in the prior year. Another factor contributing
to the improvement in earnings was that the German
government refunded us the €1.7 billion in nuclear fuel
tax levied from 2011 to 2016 after the German Constitutional
Court declared the levy null and void (see page 37). In
addition, splitting the Conventional Power Generation
division into the Lignite & Nuclear and European Power
segments led to one-off effects, which were positive on
balance (see page 107 in the Notes).


--- Page 31 ---

48  RWE Annual Report 2017

Financial result 2017 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Interest income 220 271 -51
Interest expenses -907 -914 7
Net interest -687 -643 44
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -261 -1,288 1,027
Other financial result 197 -297 494
Financial result -751 -2,228 1,477

Our financial result improved by €1,477 million to -€751 million.
Its components changed as follows:

" Net interest decreased by €44 million to -€687 million.
Last year, we sold a portion of the securities we held in
order to pay into the nuclear energy fund, resulting in a
reduction in interest income. Furthermore, hybrid bond
buybacks in October 2017 led to one-off expenses because
the repurchase prices were above the issue prices. A
positive effect was felt from the fact that we redeemed
several bonds with relatively high coupons in 2016 and
2017 and that we took advantage of very low market interest
rates when raising debt capital.

« The interest accretion to non-current provisions improved
by €1,027 million to -€261 million. This is in part due to
the contribution to the nuclear energy fund, as this caused

the level of the provisions that accrue interest to become
much lower. Furthermore, we apply a lower real discount rate
to the portion of the nuclear energy obligations remaining
with RWE. This is one of the reasons why the interest
accretion was lower. The reduction in interest had already
been considered in the 2016 consolidated financial
statements by a corresponding increase in provisions and
had been reflected as a negative one-off effect in the
interest accretion.

= The ‘other financial result’ rose by €494 million to
€197 million. This item includes the interest which we
received from the German government on the nuclear
fuel tax which has been refunded. This played a major role
in improving earnings. Moreover, we booked much lower
losses from the sale of securities than in 2016.

Reconciliation to net income 2017 2016 +/-
%
Adjusted EBITDA € million 5,756 5,403 6.5
Operating depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses € million -2,110 -2,321 9.1
Adjusted EBIT € million 3,646 3,082 18.3
Non-operating result € million 161 -6,661 102.4
Financial result € million -751 -2,228 66.3
Income before taxes € million 3,056 5,807 152.6
Taxes on income € million -741 323 -329.4
Income € million 2,315 5,484 142.2
of which:
Non-controlling interests € million 373 167 123.4
RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest € million 42 59 -28.8
Net income/income attributable to RWE AG shareholders € million 1,900 5,710 133.3
Adjusted net income € million 1,232 777 58.6
Earnings per share € 3.09 -9.29 133.3
Adjusted net income per share € 2.00 1.26 58.7
Number of shares outstanding (annual average) millions 614.7 614.7 -
Effective tax rate % 24 6 -



--- Page 32 ---

Combined revie

of operations > Business performance

Income before tax grew by €8,863 million to €3,056 million.
Our effective tax rate was 24% and therefore below the
(theoretical) standard rate of 32.5%. A major factor was that
we were able to offset tax losses from previous years, for
which no deferred tax assets were recognised, against current
earnings. Earlier, we did not believe that we could use the
loss carryforwards for an extended period of time due to a
lack of tax gains. However, this became possible in 2017
because the nuclear fuel tax refund made a substantial
contribution to earnings. The low effective tax rate was also
due to the fact that we booked tax income for earlier years
following tax audits. A counteracting impact was felt from
the goodwill impairment to the UK retail business, which
reduced earnings, but did not affect taxes.

After taxes, we generated income of €2,315 million (previous
year: -€5,484 million). Non-controlling interests rose by
€206 million to €373 million, partly due to the fact that
23.2% of the shares in innogy have been held by third
parties since the IPO. The impairments recognised at Matra

49

in Hungary and in innogy’s UK retail business had a
counteracting impact.

Hybrid capital investors accounted for €42 million of our
earnings (previous year: €59 million). This sum corresponds
to our finance costs after tax. It relates solely to the

£750 million hybrid bond, which is classified as equity under
IFRS, because it has a theoretically perpetual tenor. The
remainder of RWE’s hybrid capital is classified as debt, and
we record interest accrued on it in the financial result.
The decline in the hybrid capital investors’ interest is largely
because the costs of hybrid financing reduced taxes in the
year under review, whereas this was not the case in 2016.

The aforementioned developments resulted in significantly
improvemed net income of €1,900 million (previous year:
-€5,710 million). Based on the 614.7 million in RWE shares
outstanding, earnings per share amounted to €3.09
(previous year: -€9.29).

Reconciliation to adjusted net income Original figures Adjustment Adjusted Adjusted
2017 figures figures
€ million 2017 2016
‘Adjusted EBIT 3,646 - 3,646 3,082
Non-operating result 161 -161 S -
Financial result 1551) -309 -1,060 -1,818
Income before taxes 3,056 -470 2,586 1,264
Taxes on income -741 mW -630 -37
Income 2,315 -359 1,956 1,227
of which:
Non-controlling interests 373 309 682 391
RWE AG hybrid capital investors’ interest 42 - 42 59
Net income/income attributable to RWE AG shareholders 1,900 -668 1,232 777

Adjusted net income 59% up year on year. Adjusted net
income totalled €1,232 million, which was at the upper end
of the forecast range of €1.0 billion to €1.3 billion. It differs
from net income in that the non-operating result and
further material special items along with their impact on
income taxes are deducted from it. For example, adjusted

net income does not contain the effects of the nuclear fuel
tax refund. It grew considerably compared to the figure
recorded a year before (€777 million). The improvement in
operating earnings and the financial result came to bear
here, whereas taxes on income and non-controlling interests
had counteracting effects.


--- Page 33 ---

50 RWE Annual Report 2017
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets 2017 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Lignite & Nuclear 269 267 2
European Power 147 66 81
Supply & Trading 7 4 3
innogy 1,839 1,679 160
Other, consolidation -2 i -13
RWE Group 2,260 2,027 233
Capital expenditure on financial assets 2017 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Lignite & Nuclear 1 1 -
European Power 1 4 -3
Supply & Trading 30 56 -26
innogy 327 290 37
Other, consolidation 10 4 6
RWE Group 369 355 14

More capital spent on power stations, IT and financial
assets. The RWE Group's capital expenditure totalled
€2,629 million in the financial year that just ended. This was
10% above the previous year’s figure and within the
anticipated range of €2.5 billion to €3.0 billion. Our capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets totalled €2,260 million, 11% more than in 2016.

A large portion of these funds was used to maintain and
modernise opencast mining equipment, power stations, grids

and IT infrastructure, expand renewables and develop
innovative products and services. The increase over 2016
is due in part to retrofits to power stations in the United
Kingdom. Furthermore, innogy stepped up its capital
expenditure on IT. At €369 million, spending on financial
assets was 4% higher than in 2016. It was mostly
attributable to innogy, the single-largest transaction of
which was the acquisition of Belectric Solar & Battery
(see page 38).


--- Page 34 ---

Combined review of operations > Business performance 51
Workforce’ 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2016 +/-

%
Lignite & Nuclear 13,132 12,980 1.2
European Power 2,656 2,672 -0.6
Supply & Trading 1,156 1,086 64
innogy 42,393 40,636 43
Other? 210 1,278 -83.6
RWE Group 59,547 58,652 15

1 Converted to full-time positions.

2 At 31 December 2017, almost only employees of the holding company, RWE AG, were stated here. The previous year's figure included employees of the in-house service
providers RWE Group Business Services (922) and RWE Service (243), which have since been dissolved.

Additional personnel due to the acquisition of Belectric.
As of 31 December 2017, the RWE Group had 59,547 people
on its payroll, of which 35,344 worked at sites in Germany
and 24,203 at locations in other countries. Part-time positions
were calculated in these figures on a pro-rata basis. Headcount
rose slightly compared to the end of 2016: 509 employees
were added in Germany, and 386 were added abroad. One
of the reasons was that innogy acquired Belectric Solar & Battery
at the beginning of 2017. At the segment level, staff figures

were also affected by intragroup transfers. Major changes
resulted from folding RWE Group Business Services and
RWE Service (‘other’ item) into an RWE subsidiary and
transferring most of their personnel to operating Group
companies. The headcount does not include young adults
in professional training programmes. At the end of 2017,
2,215 young adults were learning a profession at RWE,
nearly as many as in the previous year.


--- Page 35 ---

52 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.7 FINANCIAL POSITION AND NET WORTH

The RWE Group's financial position and net worth improved further in the financial year that just ended. The refund
of the nuclear fuel tax by the German government played an important role in this. It helped us to reduce net debt
and increase our equity ratio. However, our contribution to the German nuclear energy fund also placed a heavy
financial burden on us in 2017. Therefore, our operating cash flow was negative. Last year, we successfully completed
the transfer of debt from RWE AG to innogy. In addition, our subsidiary established the last preconditions for being
able to refinance itself independently through banks and on the capital market.

Financing of the RWE Group. Responsibility for financing
within the RWE Group has rested on two shoulders since the
IPO of innogy in October 2016: innogy obtains financing for
the business transferred to it, while RWE AG limits itself to
financing the activities which remain under its operational
management. Companies which are controlled by RWE AG or
innogy SE only raise debt capital in specific cases, for example
if it is more advantageous economically to make use of local
credit and capital markets. RWE AG and innogy SE act as
co-ordinators when subsidiaries assume a liability. This allows
for the central management and monitoring of financial risks.
Moreover, this strengthens our position when negotiating
with banks, business partners, suppliers and customers.

Flexible tools for raising debt capital. As part of the
reorganisation of the RWE Group, we laid the groundwork to
ensure that RWE AG and innogy SE can fulfil their financing
tasks completely independently of each other. This process
was concluded in October 2017. Both companies have a
range of tools which they can use in addition to cash flows
from operating activities to meet their financing needs.

= RWE AC's and innogy’s Debt Issuance Programmes (DIPs)
give the companies latitude in procuring debt capital on
the capital market over the long term. A DIP is a framework
prospectus for the flexible issuance of senior bonds. RWE
AG updated its programme in May 2017: the new DIP has
a total volume of €10 billion. It is the successor programme
to our former DIP, which had a volume of €30 billion, related
to the RWE Group as a whole and was suspended in 2016.
Since April 2017, innogy has had its own DIP, which allows
a total of €20 billion in senior bonds to be issued. Under
this programme, the company issued two bonds with an
aggregate volume of €1.6 billion last year (see page 54).

= RWE AG has a Commercial Paper Programme for short-term
refinancing that enables it to raise funds equivalent to up
to US$5 billion on the money market. We used a maximum
of only €0.7 billion of this headroom in the past financial
year. Since the end of 2016, innogy has also had a
Commercial Paper Programme. It has a funding framework
of €3 billion. Up to €1.5 billion thereof was used.

Furthermore, RWE AG and innogy can resort to lines of
credit granted them by international bank syndicates.
These types of instrument serve to secure liquidity. Until
recently, RWE AG had a credit line agreement with a
volume of €4 billion, of which €1.5 billion had been
transferred to innogy on an intra-group basis. On

6 October 2017, our subsidiary then took out its own line
of credit, with a volume of €2 billion. It expires in
October 2022, but can be prolonged twice for a year at a
time. Moreover, the credit line can be topped up by

€1 billion. Both options are subject to the approval of the
consortium of banks. innogy cancelled its participation
in RWE AG's existing line of credit when it concluded the
new credit line agreement. RWE AG's existing credit line
was adjusted thereafter and now has a volume of €3 billion.
It expires in March 2021. So far, neither RWE AG nor innogy
have made use of their lines of credit.

Additional financial headroom for operating activities is
provided by sureties which RWE AG and innogy SE have
been granted by banks. A surety is a security or declaration
of a guarantee by a bank on commission from the customer.
The purpose is to collateralise transactions.

The aforementioned financing instruments do not contain
conditions mandating compliance with specific limits in
terms of leverage or capital structure. Their use is not subject
to a specific rating.


--- Page 36 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth 53
RWE Group bonds: maturities/first possible call dates

(as of 31 Dec 2017)

€ billion

2.0

1.5

1.0

' | L i

0.0 | a o 8

‘23° 24

Year 2018 ‘19 ‘20 ‘21 ‘22 ‘25 '26 ‘27 ‘28 = '29

Senior bonds innogy SE"

‘31 32: «33 34 35 36 «3738 «39: “40 41 “42 “43

MM Hybrid bonds RWE AG (first possible call dates)

1 Assmall residual amount of a senior bond transferred to innogy remained with RWE AG; see commentary in the text.

innogy takes over the bulk of RWE’s capital market debt.
As part of the Group’s financial reorganisation, innogy assumed
most of RWE AG's capital market debt. We laid the foundation
for this in the run-up to the IPO of innogy. The debt transfer
was completed in the middle of last year.

In relation to the publicly-traded senior bonds issued by our
former Dutch subsidiary RWE Finance B.V., the transfer was
effected at the end of 2015 when we sold the issuer to a
predecessor of innogy SE. Despite this sale, however, RWE AG
was still the guarantor of the bonds at that point in time. In
relation to the private placements made by RWE AG itself,
the debt was initially transferred only in economic terms. To
do this, internal lending agreements were concluded, in
which the obligations of RWE AG to service the bonds were
mirrored by corresponding payment obligations of innogy
to RWE AG. Loans of €645 million and £350 million from the
European Investment Bank (EIB) were economically allocated
to innogy in the same manner. Above and beyond this, our
subsidiary assumed obligations amounting to €2.9 billion
vis-a-vis RWE AG, which cover the majority of the liabilities
from RWE’s hybrid bonds. The above measures were
completed before innogy was listed on the stock market in
October 2016.

Immediately after the public listing, we took the necessary
steps to implement the debt transfer externally in relation to
creditors. In early 2017, innogy replaced RWE AG as the
guarantor for the public senior bonds, and in relation to the
private issues, as the debtor. This was preceded by a vote of
the bondholders, which is provided for in such cases by the
German Debt Securities Act. The quorums and majorities
necessary for a change in guarantor and debtor were achieved.
Two senior bonds to which the Act could not be applied
were transferred by a bond swap in December 2016. In one
case, involving a bond with a volume of €500 million maturing
in 2037, a small residual amount remained with RWE AG.
Our two EIB loans were transferred to innogy in July 2017
after receiving creditor approval. On completion of the
debtor exchange, the corresponding intra-group loans were
redeemed or reduced.


--- Page 37 ---

Bond volume drops to €14.0 billion. At the end of 2017,
the Group had bonds with a total nominal volume of

an equivalent of €14.0 billion outstanding, compared to
€14.7 billion a year before. The total of 24 issues are
denominated in euros, sterling, US dollars and yen. We
concluded hedges to manage our currency exposure.
Taking such transactions into account, the RWE Group's debt
broke down into 62% in euros and 38% in sterling on the
balance-sheet date. At the end of the year, our senior bonds
outstanding had an average remaining maturity of nine years.

The nominal volume of RWE AG hybrid bonds declined by
€2.0 billion to €1.9 billion. This was mainly because we
redeemed three bonds on the earliest possible date during
the financial year that just ended: these were bonds of

CHF 250 million (5.25 % coupon; redeemed in April),

CHF 150 million (5%; July) and US$1 billion (7%; October).
In addition to the redemptions, we bought back hybrid
bonds with a total nominal value equivalent to €585 million
in October of last year. Of this sum, €161 million was
allocable to our €700 million bond (2.75 % coupon; earliest
possible redemption in 2020), €268 million to our €550 million
bond (3.5%; 2025) and US$183 million to our US$500 million
bond (6.625%; 2026). This was preceded by a public buyback
offer with a target volume of €550 million on 26 September.
The only hybrid bond of which we did not buy any paper
was the one with a volume of £750 million (7 %; 2019).
The selection of paper bought back was based on yield
considerations, amongst others.

The nominal volume of senior bonds, which are almost fully
allocable to innogy SE, rose by €1.3 billion to €12.1 billion.

This was primarily due to two new issuances: innogy placed a
€750 million senior bond with a tenor of eight years anda
coupon of 1% in April. This was followed in October by the
company’s first ‘green’ bond, which has a nominal value of
€850 million, a tenor of ten years and a coupon of 1.25%.
Green bonds are special-purpose financial vehicles, the
issuance proceeds of which may only be used for projects
with a positive effect on the environment. innogy will use
the funds to refinance wind farms in Germany, the United
Kingdom and the Netherlands. These plants are either
under construction or in operation.

Shortly after the end of the reporting year, innogy took
advantage of the favourable interest environment to issue a
further senior bond. At the end of January 2018, the company
placed paper with a nominal volume of €1 billion, a tenor of
eleven-and-a-half years and a coupon of 1.5%. Proceeds
from this issuance will serve to refinance liabilities that fall
due, among other things.

Significantly lower borrowing costs. In 2017, the cost of
debt for RWE AG was 2.5%, compared to 4.0% in the pre-
vious year. This was calculated for the liabilities allocable to
the Group parent from bonds, commercial paper and bank
loans by the end of the year under review. Only hybrid bonds
classified as debt pursuant to International Financial Reporting
Standards were considered. The main reason for the decline
in the cost of capital was that the redemption and buyback
of hybrid bonds eliminated relatively high coupon payments.
innogy calculated a cost of debt as of the balance-sheet date
of 4.1%, which was stable compared to 2016.

Credit rating of RWE AG (as of 31 Dec 2017) Moody's Standard & Poor's! Fitch
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baa3 BBB- BBB
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Ba2 BB BB+
Current financial liabilities P-3 A3 F3
Outlook Stable Stable Stable

1 At our request, Standard & Poor's withdrew its RWE rating after the balance-sheet date.


--- Page 38 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Rating agencies confirm RWE’s investment-grade rating.
The factors determining cost of debt also include the
assessment of our creditworthiness by independent rating
agencies. In 2017, the three leading agencies confirmed
their credit ratings for RWE as a result of their regular rating
reviews. In June, Moody's and Standard & Poor's announced
that they kept their rating of our long-term creditworthiness
at ‘Baa3’ and ‘BBB-’, respectively. In April, the agency Fitch
confirmed its ‘BBB’ rating of RWE, which is one notch higher.
All three agencies therefore issued an investment-grade rating
for RWE - with a stable outlook. However, Standard & Poor's
withdrew its RWE rating in February 2018 at our request. As
next to no RWE senior bonds are outstanding due to the

55

transfer of debt to innogy, we therefore deem the ratings by
Moody's and Fitch sufficient.

By contrast, innogy continues to receive credit grades from
all three agencies. They are a notch higher than those for
RWE: innogy has been assigned a rating of ‘Baa2’ (negative
outlook) by Moody's, ‘BBB’ (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor's
and ‘BBB+’ (stable outlook) by Fitch. One of the reasons for
the good grades is that innogy has a relatively stable earnings
profile due to its high share of regulated business. The
company provides detailed information on its credit rating
in its 2017 Annual Report.

Cash flow statement 2017 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Funds from operations -1,545 3,013 -4,558
Change in working capital -209 -661 452
Cash flows from operating activities 1,754 2,352 4,106
Cash flows from investing activities 2,691 -4,570 7,261
Cash flows from financing activities -1,536 4,282 5,818
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes in value on cash and cash equivalents -19 -24 5
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents -618 2,040 2,658
Cash flows from operating activities -1,754 2,352 -4,106
Minus capital expenditure’ -2,580 -2,308 -272
Plus proceeds from divestitures/asset disposals’ 485 765 -280
Free cash flow -3,849 809 4,658

1 This item solely relates to items with an effect on cash.

Operating cash flows: significant decline due to contribution
to the German nuclear energy fund. In the year under
review, the RWE Group recorded negative cash flows from
operating activities amounting to -€1,754 million (previous
year: €2,352 million). The endowment of the German nuclear
energy fund curtailed our liquidity by about €7 billion (see
page 35). Excluding this, operating cash flows improved
substantially compared to 2016. One reason for this is the
reimbursement of the €1.7 billion in nuclear fuel tax paid
from 2011 to 2016.

Investing activities led to cash flows of €2,691 million. In the
year being reviewed, we liquidated a large volume of current
securities and short-term cash investments in order to finance
the contribution to the nuclear energy fund. Our capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and financial
assets had a counteracting effect. In the prior year, cash
outflows from investing activities totalled €4,570 million, in
part owing to significant purchases of securities, which we
had funded using proceeds from the IPO of innogy.


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2017

Cash flows from financing activities amounted to -€1,536 million
as opposed to the high cash flows of €4,282 million in 2016
resulting from the public listing of innogy. In the reporting
year, €4.9 billion in financial liabilities were redeemed,
contrasted by a total of €4.0 billion in refinancing. Additional
outflows resulted from a total of €603 million in dividends
paid to co-owners of fully consolidated RWE companies and
hybrid capital investors, €206 million of which was allocable
to dividends paid by innogy to its minority shareholders.

On balance, the presented cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities caused our cash and cash
equivalents to decline by €618 million.

The high level of cash outflows resulting from the payment
made into the nuclear energy fund also characterised
the development of free cash flow, which amounted to
-€3,849 million (previous year: €809 million). Since 2017
we are using a new definition of free cash flow: it now
includes spending on financial assets and proceeds from
divestments and asset disposals. The year-earlier figure was
adjusted accordingly.

Lower net debt thanks to nuclear fuel tax refund. As of
31 December 2017, our net debt amounted to €20.2 billion,
down €2.5 billion compared to 2016. We had anticipated a
stable level. The decline is partially due to the reimbursement
of the nuclear fuel tax, which was not foreseeable when we
issued the forecast at the beginning of 2017. Furthermore,
provisions for pensions decreased by €1.3 billion. The
background to this is that the plan assets, with which we
cover most of our pension obligations, increased due to
positive market developments. Moreover, we raised the
discount rates used to calculate the net present value of
the German pension obligations. The new rates average 2.0%
throughout the Group as opposed to 1.8 % in the 2016
financial statements and reflect the most recent development
of market interest rates. Besides the aforementioned factors,
divestments also contributed to the drop in debt, whereas
investing activities and our dividend payments had a counter-
acting effect. The contribution to the nuclear energy fund
did not have an impact on the level of net debt, because our
nuclear energy provisions declined by the same amount.

Net debt 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2016 +/-
€ million € million
Cash and cash equivalents 3,933 4,576 -643
Marketable securities 5,131 10,065 -4,934
Other financial assets 1,863 1,621 242
Financial assets 10,927 16,262 -5,335
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt, commercial paper 15,099 15,921 -822
Hedge transactions related to bonds 27 -263 290
Other financial liabilities 2,102 2,263 -161
Financial liabilities 17,228 17,921 -693
Net financial debt 6,301 1,659 4,642
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 5,420 6,761 -1,341
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations -103 -29 -74
Provisions for nuclear waste management 6,005 12,699 -6,694
Mining provisions 2,322 2,363 -41
Provisions for dismantling wind farms 359 334 25
Adjustment for hybrid capital -17 -1,078 1,001

Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as equity 470 471 -1

Minus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt -547 -1,549 1,002
Net debt 20,227 22,709 -2,482



--- Page 40 ---

Combined review of operations > Financial position and net worth

Stable off-balance-sheet obligations from electricity and
commodity purchases. Net debt does not include our
off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from
long-term fuel and electricity purchase agreements. As of
the balance-sheet date, payment obligations from material
procurement contracts amounted to €26.2 billion for fuel
(previous year: €26.0 billion) and €7.1 billion for electricity
(previous year: €7.4 billion). These figures are based on
assumptions regarding the prospective development

of commodity prices. For further commentary on our

off-balance-sheet obligations, please see page 144 et seq.

in the Notes.

57

Equity ratio rises to 17.4%. As of the cut-off date for the
financial statements, the RWE Group had a balance-sheet
total of €69.1 billion. This was €7.3 billion less than in the
preceding year, primarily due to the payment made into the
nuclear energy fund. Our contribution of roughly €7 billion
was Stated as part of current provisions on the previous
year's balance sheet. Therefore, they dropped considerably.
At the same time, cash outflows reduced current assets. The
decrease in the balance-sheet total was also driven by a
decline in derivatives, which fell by €2.2 billion on the assets
side of the balance sheet and by €1.4 billion on the equity
and liabilities side. By contrast, the refund of the nuclear
fuel tax by the government extended the balance sheet.
Due, among other things, to the last factor mentioned, the
RWE Group's equity rose by €4.0 billion to €12.0 billion. Its
share in the balance-sheet total (equity ratio) was 17.4%, up
6.9 percentage points on the previous year’s level.

Group balance sheet structure 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2016
€ million % € million %
Assets
Non-current assets 45,694 66.2 45,911 60.1
of which:
Intangible assets 12,383 17.9 12,749 16.7
Property, plant and equipment 24,904 36.1 24,455 32.0
Current assets 23,365 33.8 30,491 39.9
of which:
Receivables and other assets! 12,487 18.1 14,122 18.5
Assets held for sale 128 0.2 - -
Total 69,059 100.0 76,402 100.0
Equity and liabilities
Equity 11,991 17.4 7,990 10.5
Non-current liabilities 36,774 53.3 39,646 51.9
of which:
Provisions 19,249 27.9 20,686 27.1
Financial liabilities 14,414 20.9 16,041 21.0
Current liabilities 20,294 29.3 28,766 37.6
of which:
Provisions 5,137 7.4 12,175 15.9
Other liabilities? 12,259 17.8 14,449 18.9
Liabilities held for sale 11 0.2 - -
Total 69,059 100.0 76,402 100.0

1 Including financial accounts receivable, trade accounts receivable and income tax refund claims.

2 Including trade accounts payable and income tax liabilities.


--- Page 41 ---

58 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.8 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF RWE AG
(HOLDING COMPANY)

The financial statements of RWE AG reflect significantly improved earnings. After recording losses due to significant
impairments recognised for power plants in 2016, we posted a net profit of €1.4 billion in the year under review. The
refund of the nuclear fuel tax by the government contributed to this. It was also one of the reasons why RWE AG's
equity ratio improved by 7.7 percentage points to 17.9%.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne, Germany, which publishes
statements in compliance with the rules set out inthe German them in the Federal Gazette. The financial statements
Commercial Code and the German Stock Corporation Act. of RWE AG can be ordered directly from us and are also

The financial statements are submitted to Bundesanzeiger available on the internet at www.rwe.com/reports.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2016
€ million

Assets

Financial assets 24,901 32,115
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 4,811 8,218
Other accounts receivable and other assets 505 753
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 3,951 4,887
Total assets 34,168 45,973

Equity and liabilities

Equity 6,104 4,697
Provisions 2,368 2,419
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 22,623 32,136
Other liabilities 3,073 6,721
Total equity and liabilities 34,168 45,973
Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2017 2016
€ million

Income from financial assets 2,268 -1,240
Net interest 339 -368
Other income and expenses -345 1,176
Taxes on income 172 -569
Net profit/net loss 1,412 -1,001
Transfer to other retained earnings (previous year: withdrawal) -490 1,006

Distributable profit 922 5



--- Page 42 ---

Assets. RWE AG had €34.2 billion in total assets as of

31 December 2017. This represents a decline of €11.8 billion
compared to the previous year. Accounts receivable from
and payable to affiliated companies dropped considerably.
One reason for this was that innogy assumed the capital
market debt of RWE AG in 2017 and that the corresponding
intra-group loans were redeemed or reduced with effect
from the debtor exchange (see page 53). Furthermore, a
dividend claim vis-a-vis RWE Downstream Beteiligungs GmbH
that arose in 2016 ceased to exist because the company,
which holds our 76.8 % stake in innogy, made a corresponding
dividend payment to RWE AG in the year under review. The
decline in total assets is also due to the fact that RWE AG
sold securities held as current and non-current assets. We
used the proceeds to redeem a loan granted us by RWE Power
and to offset the loss incurred by that company in the
preceding year. As of 31 December 2017, RWE AG's equity
ratio was 17.9%, which was much higher than in the prior
year (10.2 %). In addition to the aforementioned effects, the
net profit we posted in 2017 also came to bear.

Financial position. RWE AG is set up solidly in financial terms
and has a number of flexible financing tools at its disposal.
Leading rating agencies certify our high creditworthiness.
A detailed presentation of RWE’s financial position and
financing activity in the year under review has been made on
page 52 et seqq.

Earnings position. In 2017, RWE AG's earnings position
improved significantly compared to the previous year, which
was characterised by substantial one-off burdens.

Income from financial assets rose by €3,508 million to
€2,268 million. Following the power plant impairments
recognised in 2016, RWE’s two large generation companies
returned to profitability in the reporting year. RWE Power
benefited from the nuclear fuel tax refund, while

RWE Generation profited from the successful commercial
optimisation of power plant deployment among other things.

s > Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company) 59

Net interest improved by €29 million to -€339 million. Our
reduction in the volume of hybrid bonds outstanding last

year through redemptions and buybacks resulting in less
spend on financing came to bear here.

The net amount from other income and expenses decreased
by €1,521 million to -€345 million in part due to the
non-recurrence of positive one-off effects seen in the prior
year: in 2016, the reorganisation of the RWE Group had
revealed hidden reserves in the investments.

With a tax expense of €172 million (previous year: €569 million),
RWE AG achieved a net profit of €1,412 million in fiscal 2017
after the loss of €1,001 million recorded in the preceding
year. We also expect a net profit in the 2018 financial year,
albeit lower than in 2017.

The distributable profit of €922 million reflects the planned
dividend payment to our shareholders: the Supervisory and
Executive Boards of RWE AG will propose to the Annual
General Meeting on 26 April 2018 that a dividend of €1.50
be paid per common and preferred share for fiscal 2017.
The sum is made up of the regular dividend of €0.50 anda
special payment of €1.00 with which RWE shareholders
are to partake of the nuclear fuel tax refund.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial
Code. On 15 February 2018, the Executive Board of RWE AG
issued a corporate governance statement in accordance with
Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial
Code and published it on the internet at
www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-declaration.


--- Page 43 ---

60 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.9 PRESENTATION OF THE RWE GROUP WITH INNOGY
AS A PURE FINANCIAL INVESTMENT

Since the public listing of our subsidiary innogy on the stock exchange, we have been managing it as a pure financial

investment. A comprehensive agreement ensures that the company can conduct its business operations independently.
Accordingly, when developing the planning for the RWE Group, we also consider Group figures in which innogy is not
included as a fully consolidated company, but instead at the investment’s fair value plus the dividend payment. In
this chapter, we present some of these non-IFRS figures and explain how we calculated them.

Full consolidation only reflects the status of the investment
in innogy to a limited extent. Pursuant to International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) we must include
companies that are indirectly or directly controlled by RWE AG
in the Group’s financial statements on a fully consolidated
basis. This means that the income, expenses, cash flows, assets,
liabilities, etc. of these activities are considered in the Group
figures. innogy is fully consolidated in the Group's financial
statements, as we hold a majority stake of 76.8% in the
company. However, this representation only partially reflects
the manner in which we manage our subsidiary. For us,
innogy has the status of a pure financial investment, which
we expect to deliver an attractive, reliable dividend. This is
set out in a comprehensive agreement which stipulates that
our subsidiary can act independently in business matters and
that RWE AG may only exercise its influence as the majority
owner by way of the legally mandated bodies, i.e. the Super-
visory Board and the Annual General Meeting.

Adjusted figures. For planning purposes, we adopt a
presentation that does not conform with IFRS and deviates
from the principle of full consolidation. This involves
assigning innogy to the ‘other financial assets’ line item on
the balance sheet. The figure stated is calculated by
multiplying the number of shares we hold in innogy with the
share price on the stock market as of the cut-off date for the
financial statements.

Adjusted EBITDA for 2017 only includes innogy’s dividend
payment of €683 million, whereas for adjusted EBITDA in
2016, innogy was considered based on the contribution of
its companies to the RWE Group's income from investments
and income from investments accounted for using the equity
method, which totalled €730 million. innogy no longer has
a direct effect on the RWE Group's non-operating result or
financial result. However, RWE’s figures are modified further,
as we treat business transactions between the rest of the
Group and innogy as transactions with third parties.

Adjusted EBITDA better than expected. The following is
an overview of some key financial indicators calculated
applying the aforementioned method. These figures trend in
the same direction as they would if innogy were fully
consolidated. At €2,066 million, adjusted EBITDA slightly
exceeded our expectations, rising by 7% compared to 2016.
Adjusted net income amounted to €973 million, which is at
the upper end of the range which we had forecast, after
having been slightly negative in 2016 (-€20 million). We also
displayed positive development regarding net debt: it
dropped by 34% to €4,510 million, primarily due to the
nuclear fuel tax refund.

Key figures for the RWE Group including innogy 2017 2016 +/-
as a financial investment that is not fully consolidated’ %
€ million

Adjusted EBITDA 2,066 1,928 7.2
Adjusted EBIT 1,474 1,077 36.9
Income before tax 2,320 -5,795 140.0
Net income 2,160 -5,807 137.2
Adjusted net income 973 -20 -
Net financial debt -6,070 -9,999 39.3
Net debt 4,510 6,858 34.2

1 Figures not calculated according to IFRS. In addition to recognising innogy as a financial investment, this relates to the following items: supply and service agreements of the
rest of the Group with innogy have all been accounted for as executory contracts, although they would have had to be measured at fair value according to IAS 39. We have not
formed provisions for contingent losses from these transactions. Figures for supply and service relationships with external third parties and associated provisions have been
accounted for as in the IFRS consolidated financial statements. The same applies to the accounting effects of hedges and deferred taxes.


--- Page 44 ---

Combined review of operations > Disclosure relating to German takeover law

61

1.10 DISCLOSURE RELATING TO GERMAN TAKEOVER LAW

The following disclosure is in accordance with Section 315a, Paragraph 1 and Section 289a, Paragraph 1 of the German
Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The
information relates to company-specific regulations for example adjustments to the capital structure by the Executive
Board and in the event of a change of control of the company. At RWE, these provisions are in line with the standards

of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. RWE AG's subscribed
capital consists of 575,745,499 no-par-value common shares
and 39,000,000 no-par-value preferred shares without
voting rights, each in the name of the bearer. They account
for 93.7 % and 6.3 % of the subscribed capital, respectively.
Holders of preferred shares are given priority when
distributable profit is distributed. Pursuant to the Articles of
Incorporation, it is appropriated in the following order:

1) to make any back payments on shares of the profit
allocable to preferred shares from preceding years;

2) to pay a preferred share of the profit of €0.13 per
preferred share;

3) to pay the share of the profit allocable to common shares
of up to €0.13 per common share; and

4) to make equal payments of potential further portions of
the profit allocable to common and preferred shares,
unless the Annual General Meeting decides in favour of a
different appropriation.

The composition of the subscribed capital and the rights and
obligations of the shareholders comply with the requirements
of the law and the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting
rights. As of 31 December 2017, no holding in RWE AG
exceeded 10% of the voting rights. In the middle of the
year, RWEB GmbH had informed us that its share of the
voting rights had fallen from 14.18% to 2.70%.

Limitation of share transfers. Within the scope of the
employee share plan of RWE AG, 340,920 RWE common shares
were issued to employees in the financial year that just ended.
These securities must be held until 31 December 2018.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members/
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. Executive
Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Section 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act
in conjunction with Section 31 of the German Co-Determination
Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are made
pursuant to Section 179 et seqq. of the German Stock

Corporation Act in conjunction with Article 16, Paragraph 6
of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. According to
the aforementioned provision in the Articles of Incorporation,
unless otherwise required by law or the Articles of
Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all
resolutions by a simple majority of the votes cast or - if a
capital majority is required - by the simple majority of the
capital stock represented when the resolution is passed.
Pursuant to Article 10, Paragraph 9 of the Articles of
Incorporation, the Supervisory Board is authorised to pass
resolutions to amend the Articles of Incorporation that
only concern the wording without changing the content.

Executive Board authorisations for implementing share
buybacks. Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Annual
General Meeting on 16 April 2014, RWE AG is authorised to
buy back up to 10% of its capital stock as of the entry
into force of said resolution or - if this figure is lower - at the
exercise of this authorisation in shares of any kind until

15 April 2019. At the Executive Board's discretion, the
acquisition shall be made on the stock exchange or viaa
public purchase offer.

Shares purchased in this way may then be cancelled.
Furthermore, the purchased shares may be transferred to third
parties or sold otherwise in connection with mergers or
acquisitions of companies, parts of companies, operations,
or of stakes in companies. Shares that are not sold on the
stock exchange or through a tender to all shareholders may
only be sold for cash. Moreover, in such cases, the sale price
may not be significantly lower than the price at which the
shares are listed on the stock market. The company may
transfer shares bought back to the holders of option or
convertible bonds. The company may also use the shares to
fulfil its obligations resulting from employee share schemes.
In the aforementioned cases, shareholder subscription rights
are waived. These authorisations may be exercised in full or
in part, or once or several times for partial amounts.

Executive Board authorisation for the issuance of new
shares. Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Annual
General Meeting on 16 April 2014, the Executive Board is
authorised to increase the company’s capital stock, subject
to the Supervisory Board's approval, by up to €314,749,693.44
until 15 April 2019, through the issuance of up to 122,949,099


--- Page 45 ---

62 RWE Annual R

new bearer common shares in return for contributions in
cash or in kind (authorised capital). These authorisations
may be exercised in full or in part, or once or several times
for partial amounts.

In principle, shareholders are entitled to subscription rights.
However, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
the Executive Board may waive such rights in the following
cases: they may be waived in order to prevent the number of
shares allocated from the subscription resulting in fractional
amounts (fractions of shares). Subscription rights may
also be waived in order to issue shares in exchange for
contributions in kind for the purposes of mergers or
acquisitions of companies, parts of companies, operations,
or of stakes in companies. Subscription rights may be waived
in the event of a cash capital increase if the price at which
the new shares are issued is not significantly lower than the
price at which shares are quoted on the stock market and
the portion of the capital stock accounted for by the new
shares, for which subscription rights are waived, does not
exceed 10% in total. Furthermore, subscription rights may
be waived in order to offer shares to potential holders of
convertible or option bonds commensurate to the rights to
which they would be entitled as shareholders on conversion
of the bond or on exercise of the option.

The Executive Board is authorised, subject to the approval
of the Supervisory Board, to determine the further details
and conditions of the share issuance.

In sum, the capital stock may not be increased by more
than 20% through the issuance of new shares waiving
subscription rights.

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our
debt financing instruments often contain clauses that take
effect in the event of a change of control. The following rule
applies to a residual amount of a senior bond remaining with
RWE AG after the transfer of debt to innogy (see page 53): in
the event of a change of control in conjunction with a drop
in RWE AG's credit rating below investment-grade status,
creditors may demand immediate redemption. In such cases,
RWE AG has the right to cancel its subordinated hybrid
bonds within the defined change of control period; if this
does not occur, the annual compensation payable on the
hybrid bonds increases by 500 basis points.

RWE AG's €3 billion syndicated credit line also includes a
change-of-control clause, which essentially has the following
content: in the event of a change of control or majority at
RWE, further drawings are suspended until further notice.
The lenders shall enter into negotiations with us on a
continuation of the credit line. Should we fail to reach an
agreement with the majority of them within 30 days from such
a change of control, the lenders may cancel the line of credit.

Effects of a change of control on Executive Board and
executive compensation. Members of the Executive Board of
RWE AG have the special right to terminate their employment
contract in the event that shareholders or third parties obtain
control over the company and this would be linked to
significant disadvantages for the Executive Board members
in question. In such a case, they may resign from their
position within six months of the change of control with
cause by giving three months’ notice and request the
termination of their employment contract and receive a
one-off payment.

The amount of the one-off payment shall correspond to
all compensation due until the end of the contractually
agreed term of service, but no more than three times the
total contractual annual compensation. Share-based
compensation is not included in this. This is in line with the
currently valid recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code.

In the new Strategic Performance Plan presented on page 66
et seq,, it is stipulated for the Executive Board and executives of
RWE AG and subordinated associated companies that in the
event of a change of control the granted performance shares
which have already been finally determined but not yet been
paid out, shall be paid out early. The pay-out amount shall
correspond to the number of performance shares multiplied
by the sum of the average closing price of the RWE
common share over the last 30 trading days prior to the
announcement of the change of control and the amount
of dividend paid out per share up to that point in time,
calculated starting from the time when the final number of
performance shares was fully granted. All conditionally
granted performance shares at the time of the change of
control shall expire without replacement or compensation.


--- Page 46 ---

operations > Compensation report

1.11 COMPENSATION REPORT

63

We believe that performance-oriented and transparent supervisory and management board compensation is a key
element of good corporate governance. In this chapter, we have provided information on the structure and level of
the compensation of the Supervisory Board and Executive Board of RWE AG. In addition to the requirements of
German stock corporation and commercial law, we also consider the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code concerning the design and presentation of compensation systems.

Structure of Supervisory Board compensation

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is governed by
the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG.
Accordingly, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board receives
fixed compensation of €300,000 per fiscal year. Their
Deputy receives €200,000 per fiscal year. The other members
of the Supervisory Board receive fixed compensation of
€100,000 and additional remuneration for committee
mandates according to the following rules.

Members of the Audit Committee receive additional
remuneration of €40,000. This additional payment is
increased to €80,000 for the Chair of this committee. With
the exception of the Nomination Committee, the members
and the Chairs of all the other Supervisory Board committees
receive an additional €20,000 and €40,000 in compensation,
respectively. Remuneration for a committee mandate is only
paid if the committee is active at least once in the fiscal year.

Supervisory Board members who concurrently hold several
offices in this body only receive compensation for the
highest-paid position. Compensation is prorated if a Supervisory
Board member only performs a function for part of a fiscal year.

Level of Supervisory Board compensation

In total, the remuneration of the Supervisory Board (including
compensation for committee mandates at subsidiaries, but
excluding out-of-pocket expenses) amounted to €3,637,000
in fiscal 2017 (previous year: €3,228,000). Of this sum,
€459,000 (previous year: €442,000) was remuneration paid
for mandates on committees of the Supervisory Board and

In addition to the remuneration paid, out-of-pocket expenses
are refunded to the members of the Supervisory Board.
Supervisory Board members also receive income from the
exercise of Supervisory Board mandates at subsidiaries of
RWE AG.

The members of the Supervisory Board imposed on themselves
the obligation, subject to any obligations to relinquish their
pay, to use 25% of the total compensation paid (before taxes)
to buy RWE shares and to hold them for the duration of their
membership of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG. Last year,
all of the members who do not donate their compensation
met this self-imposed obligation for their compensation for
2016. For the new members elected to the Board in April
2017, this self-imposed obligation will apply to the
compensation for fiscal 2017, which was paid out at the
start of fiscal 2018.

€877,000 (previous year: €482,000) was remuneration paid
for mandates at subsidiaries. The rise in compensation
for the exercise of mandates is due in part to the fact that
certain individuals also belong to the Supervisory Board of
innogy SE and that they only received prorated compensation
for the exercise of this mandate in 2016.


--- Page 47 ---

64 RWE Annual Report 2017

The remuneration of all individuals who have served on the
Supervisory Board in 2016 and/or 2017 is shown in the

following table.

Supervisory Board compensation’

€ ‘000

Fixed compensation

Compensation for
committee offices

Compensation for
mandates at subsidiaries”

Total compensation?

Dr. Werner Brandt, Chairman

Dr. Manfred Schneider, Chairman
(until 20 April 2016)

Frank Bsirske, Deputy Chairman

Reiner Bohle

Sandra Bossemeyer

Dieter Faust (until 20 April 2016)

Ute Gerbaulet (since 27 April 2017)

Reinhold Gispert (since 27 April 2017)

Roger Graef (until 20 April 2016)

Arno Hahn (until 27 April 2017)

Andreas Henrich

Maria van der Hoeven
(20 April 2016 until 14 October 2016)

Manfred Holz (until 20 April 2016)

Prof. Dr. Hans-Peter Keitel

Dr. h.c. Monika Kircher

Martina Koederitz
(20 April 2016 until 27 April 2017)

Monika Krebber

Frithjof Kiihn (until 20 April 2016)

Hans Peter Lafos (until 20 April 2016)

Harald Louis

Christine Merkamp (until 20 April 2016)

Dagmar Miihlenfeld

Peter Ottmann

Giinther Schartz

Dr. Erhard Schipporeit

Dagmar Schmeer (until 20 April 2016)

Prof. Dr.-Ing. Ekkehard D. Schulz
(until 20 April 2016)

Dr. Wolfgang Schiissel

Ullrich Sierau

Ralf Sikorski

Marion Weckes

Dr. Dieter Zetsche (until 20 April 2016)

Leonhard Zubrowski

Total?

2017 2016

240

91
200
100

70

30

30
100
70

49
30

100

21

70
70
30
30
70
30
100
70
70
70
30

30

100

100
100
70
30
100

2,303

2017 2016

24

20
14
12

20
14
14
56

12
34
40
40
28
20
442

2017 2016

130

482

2017

2016

393

91
286
168

84

55

30
194
70

61
42

120

21

103
84
36
42
84
30

120
92
85

126
30

42
134
140
190

98

30
150

3,228

1 Supervisory Board members who joined or retired from the corporate body during the year receive prorated compensation.
2 Compensation for exercising mandates at subsidiaries is only included for periods of membership of the Supervisory Board of RWE AG.
3 The commercial rounding of certain figures can result in inaccurate sums.


--- Page 48 ---

Combined review of operations > Compensation report

65

Structure of Executive Board compensation

Principles of Executive Board compensation. The structure
and level of the Executive Board’s remuneration are determined
by the Supervisory Board of RWE AG and reviewed on a regular
basis to determine whether they are appropriate and in line
with the market. The compensation system described in the
following has been applied since 1 October 2016. It ensures
that remuneration reflects individual performance, company
performance and the development of the RWE share over
the long term.

Executive Board compensation is composed of non-performance-
based and performance-based components. The former
consists of the fixed salary, the pension instalment as well as
fringe benefits. The performance-based components include
the bonus and a share-based payment, the latter of which is
a long-term compensation component.

Non-performance-based Executive
Board compensation

Fixed compensation and pension instalments. All Executive
Board members receive a fixed salary, which is paid in
twelve monthly instalments. As a second fixed compensation
component, members of the Executive Board are entitled
to a pension instalment for every year of service, which is
determined on an individual basis. The pension instalment
is paid in cash or retained in part or in full in exchange for
a pension commitment of equal value through a gross
compensation conversion. RWE has concluded a reinsurance
policy to finance the pension commitment. The accumulated
capital may be drawn upon on retirement, but not before
the Executive Board member turns 62. Members of the
Executive Board of RWE reach the established age limit
when they are 63 years old. They can be reappointed for one
year at a time thereafter, but may not hold office beyond
their 65" birthday.

Recipients of Executive Board compensation. In the financial
year that just ended, Rolf Martin Schmitz, Markus Krebber
and Uwe Tigges received compensation for their work on
the Executive Board of RWE AG. Rolf Martin Schmitz has
been a member of the Executive Board since 1 May 2009
and its Chairman since 15 October 2016. Markus Krebber
was appointed to the corporate body with effect from

1 October 2016 and has been in charge of finance since
15 October 2016. Uwe Tigges belonged to the Executive
Board from 1 April 2013 to 30 April 2017. He was in charge
of human resources and was the Labour Director. He resigned
from his office in order to focus on his work on the Executive
Board of innogy SE, which he joined on 1 April 2016. As of

1 May 2017, his tasks on the Executive Board of RWE AG were
transferred to Rolf Martin Schmitz, who has since also been
the company’s Labour Director.

All of the members of the Executive Board entered into
employment contracts based on the current compensation
system with effect from 1 October 2016. Uwe Tigges, who
belonged to the Executive Boards of RWE AG and innogy SE
at the time, received his contract from innogy SE.

When retiring, Executive Board members can choose between
a one-time payment and a maximum of nine instalments.
They and their surviving dependants do not receive any further
benefits. Vested retirement benefits from earlier activities
within the RWE Group remain unaffected by this. The vested
retirement benefits acquired by Uwe Tigges were transferred
from RWE AG to innogy SE upon termination of his employment
contract.

A different rule applies to Rolf Martin Schmitz, who was
appointed to the Executive Board before the pension
instalments were introduced. He was granted a pension
benefit, which remains.

Fringe benefits. Non-performance-based compensation
components also include fringe benefits, primarily consisting
of the use of company cars and accident insurance premiums.


--- Page 49 ---

66 RWE Annual

Performance-based Executive Board
compensation

Bonus. Executive Board members receive a bonus, which is
based on the economic performance of the company and
the degree to which they achieve their individual goals and
the collective goals of the Executive Board. The starting
point for calculating the bonus is what is referred to as the
“company bonus’, which depends on the level of adjusted
EBIT and is determined as follows.

The Supervisory Board sets a target for adjusted EBIT at the
beginning of every fiscal year. After the end of the fiscal
year, the actual level of adjusted EBIT achieved is compared
with the target figure. If the figures are identical, the target
achievement is 100%. In this case, the company bonus
equals the contractually agreed baseline bonus. If adjusted
EBIT is more or less than the established target, target
achievement increases or decreases by a factor of 2.5. If
adjusted EBIT is exactly 120 % of the target figure, the target
achievement amounts to 150%. The latter figure is also the
cap, which cannot be exceeded even if adjusted EBIT is higher.
The lower limit is reached if adjusted EBIT is exactly 80% of
the target figure. In this case, the target achievement for the
company bonus amounts to 50%. If the EBIT figure is lower
than the 80% threshold, no company bonus is paid out.

The performance of individual Executive Board members is
considered by multiplying the company bonus by a performance
factor. It may vary between 0.8 and 1.2. The value achieved
depends on the following criteria, each of which is weighted
by one-third: (1) achievement of the individual targets,

(2) collective performance of the Executive Board, and (3)
performance in corporate responsibility (CR) and employee
motivation. Success in CR depends on the achievement of
environmental and social goals and is documented in our
sustainability reporting. Employee motivation is measured
with a motivation index, which is based on anonymous
surveys of employee commitment and satisfaction.

After the end of every financial year, the Supervisory Board
evaluates the individual performance of the Executive Board
members relative to the above three criteria and determines
their individual performance factor. This is done in line with
the binding goals and targets which it sets at the beginning
of the financial year. The bonus determined in this manner is
paid out in full to the Executive Board members after the end
of the fiscal year.

Share-based payment. Executive Board members are granted
a share-based payment according to RWE AG's Strategic
Performance Plan (SPP). The SPP rewards the achievement
of long-term goals. The key determinants of its success are
the level of adjusted net income and the performance of
the RWE common share (return on share price development
and dividend) over a period of several years. By linking
compensation to the development of the share price over the
long term, the SPP motivates the Executive Board to consider
the interests of the company’s owners when taking decisions.

The SPP is based on conditionally granted performance shares.
Performance shares are granted as of 1 January of every
fiscal year. The SPP’s conditions envisage a transitional
tranche in fiscal 2016 (year of introduction) and three more
regular tranches for 2017, 2018 and 2019. The Executive
Board members receive a grant letter for each tranche. The
- preliminary - number of performance shares is calculated
based on the gross grant amount mentioned in the grant
letter by dividing the grant amount by the average closing
quotation of the RWE share on the last 30 days of trading on
Xetra before the grant.

The granted performance shares have a term of four years
(vesting period). After the end of the first year, the number of
fully granted performance shares is determined. It depends
on the adjusted net income achieved by the RWE Group for
the year. The actual figure is compared to a pre-defined target
figure. Determining this target figure is the responsibility of
the Supervisory Board, which orientates itself towards the
approved medium-term plan in doing so. If the target figure
is achieved exactly, 100 % of the conditionally granted
performance shares of the tranche is fully allocated. If the
target figure is exceeded, the final grant is more than 100%
and vice-versa. Similar to determining the company bonus,
there is an upper limit and a lower limit. If adjusted net
income reaches or exceeds the upper threshold, 150% of the
conditionally granted performance shares is fully vested. If it
is at the lower threshold, the final grant amounts to 50%. If
the actual figure is lower than the threshold, all of the
conditionally granted performance shares from the tranche
lapse. This means that the final number of performance
shares can vary from 0% to 150% of the conditionally granted
performance shares.


--- Page 50 ---

Combined review of operations > Compensation report

The fully vested performance shares are fully paid out in
cash to the member of the Executive Board after the end
of the four-year vesting period. The level of the payment
depends on the performance of the RWE common share. It
corresponds to the finalised number of performance shares
multiplied by the average closing quotation of the RWE share
of the last 30 days of trading on Xetra before the end of
the vesting period added to the cumulative dividend paid
during the holding period. However, a cap applies in this
case as well: even in the event of extremely good share
performance, the payment is limited to a maximum of 200%
of the initial gross grant amount.

The members of the Executive Board are obligated to reinvest
25 % of the payment (after taxes) in RWE shares. The
shares must be held until at least the end of the third year
after conclusion of the vesting period.

Upon introduction of the SPP in October 2016, the Executive
Board members were granted share-based payments
retroactively and in full for 2016, the transitional year. With
regard to the introductory 2016 tranche, the final number of
performance shares depends on the level of adjusted net
income in 2017 and its relation to the target figure for 2017.
This solution was chosen because, upon being granted in
October 2016, it no longer made sense to establish a 2016
target figure for adjusted net income.

In 2016, the Supervisory Board established target figures
for adjusted net income for the planned SPP tranches
(2016 to 2019). As part of this, the aforementioned upper
and lower thresholds were also determined. The Supervisory
Board is only able to subsequently adjust these figures to
a very limited degree and only in predefined situations, in
order to be able to take into account the effects of capital
measures, acquisitions, disposals or regulatory changes
which were not known or foreseeable when the target
figures were determined. RWE AG therefore complies
with the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code (GCGC), in that - as a rule - changes to
the performance targets or comparison parameters should
not be subsequently made.

67

The performance shares remain unaffected after an Executive
Board member leaves the body at the end of his or her contract
and are paid out as planned at the end of the four-year
vesting period. If an Executive Board member voluntarily
leaves the company early or is dismissed with good cause,
all performance shares which have not yet reached the end
of the plan’s duration lapse. The SPP also contains a demerit
provision. This empowers the Supervisory Board to punish
infractions by Executive Board members, for example for
serious violations of the company’s Code of Conduct, by
reducing or completely voiding ongoing SPP tranches.

Compensation for exercising mandates. During the past
fiscal year, members of the RWE AG Executive Board were
paid to exercise supervisory board mandates at affiliates. This
income is deducted from the bonus and therefore does not
increase the total remuneration.

Shares of total compensation accounted for by the
individual components. Assuming that both the company
and the Executive Board members achieve their performance
targets to a degree of 100%, the compensation structure
roughly breaks down as follows: the base salary accounts for
around 30 % of total remuneration. Approximately 30% is
allocable to short-term variable compensation, i.e. the bonus.
As a long-term compensation component, the SPP accounts
for about 40 % of total remuneration.

Limitation of Executive Board compensation. As set out
earlier, the level of variable compensation components is
limited. The company bonus amounts to a maximum of
150% of the contractually agreed bonus budget. Multiplying
this by the individual performance factor (0.8 to 1.2), it is
possible to reach a maximum of 180% of the bonus budget.
With regard to share-based payment under the SPP, payout
of the performance shares after the completion of the vesting
period is limited to a maximum of 200% of the grant budget.
Based on the above maximum values, a cap can also be
derived for the total compensation (see the diagram overleaf).


--- Page 51 ---

68 RWE Annual Report 2017

Range of Executive Board compensation

Strategic

Floor: 30%

Fixed salary

Payment dates. Executive Board members receive their fixed
salary in twelve monthly instalments. The pension instalment
is paid out at the end of the year, insofar as it is not converted
into a pension commitment. After the fiscal year, the
Supervisory Board determines the target achievement for the
company bonus and the individual performance factor.
The bonus is paid out in the month of the Annual General
Meeting (AGM) which attends to the financial statements of
RWE AG. After the end of the four-year vesting period, the

Budget: 100%

Fixed salary

Cap: 164%

Strategic
Performance
Plan
(Maximum: 200%)

80%

Performance
Plan (100%)

Bonus

(Maximum: 180%) 54%

Fixed salary

performance shares from the SPP are paid out, during the
month of the Annual General Meeting held in the following
year. As explained earlier, Executive Board members must
invest 25 % of the payment in RWE common shares and
may not liquidate these shares until after three additional
calendar years have passed from completion of the four-year
vesting period. As a result, it takes a total of seven years for
Executive Board members to obtain the full amount of their
compensation.

Executive Board compensation payment timeline for a fiscal year

Payment in the
month in which
the AGM is held

Pension instalment

Fixed salary

Strategic
Performance
Plan

Payment in the
month in which
the AGM is held

25% reinvestment

7 in RWE shares

End of the
minimum
holding period

Fiscal year Year 2 Year 3 Year 4

Year 5 Year 6 Year 7



--- Page 52 ---

of operations > Compensation report

Pension scheme. Until the introduction of the pension
instalment as of 1 January 2011 described earlier, pension
benefits were granted to the members of the Executive
Board. Of the Executive Board members in 2017, this only
applies to Rolf Martin Schmitz; the pension commitment
made to him in 2009 will remain unchanged. It entitles him
to life-long retirement benefits in the event of retirement
from the Executive Board of RWE AG upon turning 60,
permanent disability, early termination or non-extension of
the employment contract by the company. In the event of
death, surviving dependants are entitled to the benefits.
The amount of Rolf Martin Schmitz’s qualifying income and
the level of benefits determined by the duration of service are
taken as a basis for his individual pension and surviving
dependants’ benefits.

Change in corporate control. If shareholders or third parties
obtain control over the company and this results in major
disadvantages for the Executive Board members, they have
a special right of termination. They have the right to resign
from the Executive Board and to request that their employment
contract be terminated in combination with a one-off payment
within six months of the change of control.

A change of control as defined by this provision occurs when
one or several shareholders or third parties acting jointly
account for at least 30% of the voting rights in the company,

Level of Executive Board compensation

The following section presents the compensation granted to
the Executive Board members of RWE AG for their work in
fiscal 2017. It was calculated in compliance with the rules
set out in the German Commercial Code.

Total compensation for fiscal 2017. Pursuant to the
calculation regulations of the German Commercial Code, the
total compensation of the Executive Board for fiscal 2017
amounted to €7,274,000. This includes sums received by
Uwe Tigges through to 30 April 2017 for his dual offices on
the Executive Board of RWE AG and innogy SE. These
emoluments were paid by innogy SE and were refunded by
RWE AG on a prorated basis. Total compensation in 2016
amounted to €15,486,000. This figure includes the sums
received by Peter Terium and Bernhard Giinther until
they resigned from the Executive Board of RWE AG on

14 October 2016.

69

or if any of the aforementioned can exert a controlling
influence on the company in another manner. A change of
control also occurs if the company is merged with another
legal entity, unless the value of the other legal entity is less
than 50 % of the value of RWE AG.

On termination of their employment contracts, Executive
Board members receive a one-off payment equalling the
compensation due until the end of the term of their contract:
this amount will not be higher than three times their total
contractual annual compensation. The share-based payments
under the SPP are not considered here.

In the event of a change of control, all of the fully vested
performance shares under the SPP that have not been paid out
are paid out early. All performance shares granted under the
SPP on a preliminary basis lapse on the date of the change
of control.

Early termination and severance cap. Following a
recommendation of the GCGC, the Executive Board's
employment contracts include a provision stipulating that if
an Executive Board mandate is otherwise terminated early
without due cause, a severance payment of no more than
the remuneration due until the end of the employment
contract and no more than two total annual compensations
including fringe benefits is made (severance cap).

Level of individual compensation components. In 2017,
non-performance-based components, i.e. the fixed salary of
the Executive Board members, fringe benefits and the
pension instalment, amounted to €2,342,000 (previous year:
€4,471,000). Pursuant to the German Commercial Code,
the annual service cost of the pension commitment to Rolf
Martin Schmitz is not recognised as compensation, as
opposed to the pension instalment of €255,000 paid to Markus
Krebber (previous year: a prorated €64,000). The pension
instalment of €85,000 paid to Uwe Tigges for the period
ending on 30 April 2017 is included in this figure (previous
year: €255,000 for the full year).

In 2017, performance-based components, consisting of the
Executive Board members’ bonuses and grants under the
SPP, amounted to a total of €4,932,000 (previous year:
€11,015,000). This and the following figures for 2017


--- Page 53 ---

70 RWE Annual

consider the prorated compensation of Uwe Tigges until his
resignation. Accordingly, the prior-year figures also include
the compensation paid to Peter Terium and Bernhard Giinther
until their resignation. Of the performance-based components
of the Executive Board members, €2,365,000 (previous year:
€4,115,000) was attributable to the bonus for fiscal 2017
paid directly and €2,567,000 (previous year: €2,987,000) to
the allocation of performance shares under the SPP.

As set out on page 66, the level of the bonus largely depends
on adjusted EBIT. For fiscal 2017, the Supervisory Board
had set a target of €3,573 million (100% target achievement)
and a cap of €4,288 million (150 % target achievement).

Including adjustments, this resulted in an actual figure of
€3,676 million. Accordingly, the degree to which the target
was achieved was 107 %. In calculating the actual figure,
adjustments were made in order to account for structural
differences between actual and target figures. These
differences result in particular from impairments or unscheduled
special items (e.g. sales proceeds).

The following table summarises the short-term remuneration
paid in accordance with the German Commercial Code for
fiscal 2017.

Short-term Executive Dr. Rolf Martin Dr. Markus Krebber Uwe Tigges Peter Terium Dr. Bernhard Total
Board compensation’ Schmitz Giinther

since 1 Oct 2016 until 30 Apr2017 until 14 Oct 2016 —_until 14 Oct 2016
€ 000 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Non-performance-based
compensation
Fixed compensation 960 960 750 188 250 750 - 1,050 - 563 1,960 3,511
Fringe benefits
(company car,
accident insurance) 15 19 20 4 7 20 - 23 - 24 42 90
Other payments
(pension instalments) = - 255 64 85 255 = 360 = 191 340 870
Total 975 979 1,025 256 342 1,025 - 1,433 = 778 2,342 4,471
Performance-based
compensation
Direct bonus payment 1,168 962 643 133 213 861 - 1,224 - 635 2,024 3,815
Compensation for
mandates? 138 150 203 78 - 20 - 27 - 25 341 300
Bonus 1,306 1,112 846 211 213 881 = 1,251 = 660 2,365 4,115
Total 2,281 2,091 _—*1,871 467 555 1,906 - 2,684 - 1,438 4,707 8,586

1 The table is based on the Group perspective. The figures include all the emoluments

received by Uwe Tigges, Peter Terium and Bernhard Giinther for their work on the

Executive Boards of RWE AG and innogy SE until they resigned from the Executive Board of RWE AG. Pursuant to the German Commercial Code, RWE AG may only state in
its separate financial statements the partial amounts that are allocable to it in economic terms. Only Uwe Tigges worked for both companies in fiscal 2017. In the separate
financial statements of RWE AG, he is allocated non-performance-based compensation of €171,000 and performance-based compensation of €107,000.

2 In 2017, the compensation for exercising intragroup supervisory board offices was fully set off against the bonus.

Share-based payment according to the Strategic
Performance Plan. In fiscal 2017, Rolf Martin Schmitz and
Markus Krebber were granted performance shares under
the SPP of RWE AG, whereas Uwe Tigges received performance
shares under the SPP of innogy, which has a similar structure.
The following overview shows the volume of performance
shares issued. The main factor in determining the ratio of
the number of performance shares granted on a preliminary
basis to the final number of performance shares granted was
the adjusted net income of the RWE Group in fiscal 2017.
The Supervisory Board established an actual figure of

€806 million for this. The amount differs from the figure
mentioned on page 48 (€1,232 million) because more
adjustments were necessary, as required by the SPP
conditions. These adjustments are the same as the ones
made to calculate the actual figure for adjusted EBIT (see
above). Based on a target of €686 million (grant of 100%)
and a cap of €1,086 million (grant of 150%) the final grant
amounts to 115% of the performance shares granted ona
preliminary basis. The allocation ratio for Uwe Tigges was
aligned to innogy’s adjusted net income and was 88% in 2017.


--- Page 54 ---

Combined review of operations > Compensation report 71
Long-term incentive payment’ Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber Uwe Tigges

Strategic Performance Plan since 1 Oct 2016 until 30 Apr 2017
Tranche Year 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Company RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG RWE AG innogy SE innogy SE
Grant date 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016 1 Jan 2017 1 Jan 2016
Fair value at grant date € 000 1,250 769 988 247 329 706
Share price (average) € 11.62 13.78 11.62 13.78 32.07 37.13
Number of performance shares

allocated on a provisional basis 107,573 55,787 84,983 17,915 10,264 19,021
Measurement date of performance

conditions 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2017
Target achievement in relation to

adjusted net income % 115 115 115 115 88 88
Final number of fully granted

performance shares 123,709 64,155 97,730 20,602 9,032 16,738
End of the vesting period 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019 31 Dec 2020 31 Dec 2019

1 From the Group perspective, the compensation stated for Uwe Tigges under the SPP of innogy SE is share-based. In accordance with the German Commercial Code, the separate
financial statements of RWE AG are based on a different perspective: as the payment depends on the innogy share instead of on the development of the RWE share, the SPP
compensation received by UWE Tigges is classified as non-share-based and is only included in total remuneration once the payment conditions are met.

The table below shows the level of provisions formed for
share-based payment obligations under the SPP.

Addition of provisions for long-term share-based incentive payments 2017 2016
€ ‘000

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 592 141
Dr. Markus Krebber since 1 October 2016 393 46
Uwe Tigges until 30 April 2017 124 134
Peter Terium until 14 October 2016 - 143
Dr. Bernhard Giinther until 14 October 2016 2 82
Total 1,109 546

Obligations under the former pension scheme. The service
cost of pension obligations to Rolf Martin Schmitz amounted
to €538,000 in 2017 (previous year: €229,000). This is not a
compensation component in accordance with the German
Commercial Code. As of year-end, the net present value of
the defined benefit obligation determined in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
amounted to €12,391,000 (previous year: €13,923,000). The
value of the pension obligation determined according to the
German Commercial Code totalled €9,287,000 (previous
year: €9,894,000). The pension obligation for 2017 decreased
by €607,000 (previous year: increase of €435,000).

Based on the emoluments qualifying for a pension as of
31 December 2017, the projected annual pension of Rolf
Martin Schmitz on retiring from the company as of the expiry
of his appointment amounts to €556,000 (previous year:
€484,000). This includes vested pension benefits due from
former employers transferred to RWE AG.


--- Page 55 ---

72 RWE Annual Report 2017

Recommendations of the German Corpo

According to the version of the German Corporate Governance
Code (GCGC) published on 7 February 2017, the total
remuneration of management board members comprises
the monetary compensation elements, pension commitments,
other awards, fringe benefits of all kinds and benefits from
third parties which were granted or paid in the financial
year with regard to management board work. Item 4.2.5,
Paragraph 3 of the Code lists the compensation components
that should be disclosed. Unlike under German commercial
law, according to the GCGC the annual service cost of pension
benefits is also part of total compensation.

The GCGC provides specific examples for the recommended
presentation of management board compensation based
on model tables, which distinguishes between ‘benefits
granted’ and ‘benefits received’.

According to the GCGC, benefits or compensation are
granted when a binding commitment to such is made to
the management board member. In deviation from
German commercial law, it is not relevant to what extent
the management board member has already provided
the services being remunerated.

rate Governance Code

= The term ‘benefits received’ defines the extent to which
the management board member has already received
payments. In this regard, the relevant aspect is the time at
which the amount being paid is sufficiently certain and not
the actual time of the payment.

This distinction made in the Code can be illustrated with the
example of the bonus: the contractually agreed and
promised budgeted bonus for the fiscal year in question is
considered ‘granted’. Conversely, the benefits received table
shows the bonus level which will actually be paid with a high
degree of probability. In this regard, it is not relevant that no
payment actually took place during the year in question. The
payment date is deemed to have been reached when the
indicators and results needed to determine target achievement
(and therefore the bonus) are known with sufficient certainty.
The Code assumes that this is already the case at the end of
the year. As a result, the one-year Executive Board bonuses
are stated in the reporting year in the benefits granted table.

In the following, we present the compensation of the
Executive Board of RWE AG in the manner recommended by
the GCGC, based on the sample tables.

Benefits granted

Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz
since 1 May 2009,
Chief Executive Officer
since 15 Oct 2016

Dr. Markus Krebber
since 1 Oct 2016,
Chief Financial Officer
since 15 Oct 2016

2016 2017 2017 2017 2016 2017 2017 2017
€‘000 (Min) (Max) (Min) (Max)
Fixed compensation 960 960 960 960 188 750 750 750
Pension instalment - 2 - - 64 255 255 255
Fringe benefits 19 15 15 15 4 20 20 20
Total fixed compensation 979 975 975 975 256 1,025 1,025 1,025
One-year variable compensation 900 1,100 0 1,980 178 713 0 1,283

Bonus 900 1,100 0 1,980 178 713 0 1,283
Multi-year variable compensation 769 1,250 0 2,500 247 988 0 1,975

SPP 2016 tranche!

(term: 2016-2019) 769 = - - 247 = - -

‘SPP 2017 tranche

(term: 2017-2020) - 1,250 0 2,500 - 988 0 1,975
Total variable compensation 1,669 2,350 0 4,480 425 1,701 0 3,258
Total 2,648 3,325 975 5,455 681 2,726 1,025 4,283
Service cost 229 538 538 538 - - - -
Total compensation 2,877 3,863 1,513 5,993 681 2,726 1,025 4,283

1 The grant contains the contractual bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016, which was transferred to the 2016 tranche of the SPP on this one occasion.


--- Page 56 ---

Combined review of operations > Compensation report 73
Benefits granted Uwe Tigges
Chief HR Officer/Labour Director
until 30 Apr 2017
2016 2017 2017 2017
€ 000 (Min) (Max)
Fixed compensation 750 250 250 250
Pension instalment 255 85 85 85
Fringe benefits 20 7 7 7
Total fixed compensation 1,025 342 342 342
One-year variable compensation 713 238 0 428
Bonus 713 238 0 428
Multi-year variable compensation 706 329 0 658
SPP 2016 tranche’
(term: 2016-2019) 706 2 - -
SPP 2017 tranche
(term: 2017-2020) - 329 0 658
Total variable compensation 1,419 567 0 1,086
Total 2,444 909 342 1,428
Service cost - 2 - -
Total compensation 2,444 909 342 1,428
1 The grant contains the contractual bonus retention for the period up to 30 September 2016, which was transferred to the 2016 tranche of the SPP on this one occasion.
Benefits received Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz Dr. Markus Krebber Uwe Tigges
since 1 May 2009, since 1 Oct 2016, Chief HR Officer/
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Labour Director
since 15 Oct 2016 since 15 Oct 2016 until 30 Apr 2017
€ ‘000 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fixed compensation 960 960 750 188 250 750
Pension instalment 2 - 255 64 85 255
Fringe benefits 15 19 20 4 7 20
Total fixed compensation 975 979 1,025 256 342 1,025
One-year variable compensation 1,306 1,112 846 211 213 881
Bonus! 1,306 1,112 846 211 213 881
Multi-year variable compensation ) 947 0 0 0 723
Bonus retention
2013-2015 (released) - 947 - - - 723
SPP 2016 tranche
(term: 2016-2019) 0 0 0 0 0 0
SPP 2017 tranche
(term: 2017-2020) 0 - 0 0 0 0
Total variable compensation 1,306 2,059 846 211 213 1,604
Total 2,281 3,038 1,871 467 555 2,629
Service cost 538 229 - - - -
Total compensation 2,819 3,267 1,871 467 555 2,629

1 The bonus includes compensation for exercising intragroup supervisory board offices; also see the table ‘Short-term Executive Board compensation’ on page 70.


--- Page 57 ---

74 RWE Annual Report 2017

1.12 DEVELOPMENT OF RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

RWE’s risk position is significantly affected by changes in the regulatory framework in the energy sector. State
intervention with the object of reducing greenhouse gas emissions could have a very negative effect on us, in
particular if it leads to an accelerated exit from coal-based electricity generation. This applies first and foremost to
our home market Germany. The development of prices on wholesale markets for electricity, fuel and emission
allowances also exposes us to substantial risks - as well as opportunities, as demonstrated by the recovery of electricity
prices in the last two years. The RWE Group rests on a solid foundation in both financial and organisational terms.
One of the key elements of this foundation is our risk management, which has proven itself over many years, enabling

us to identify, assess and control risks systematically.

Redistribution of risk management responsibilities in the
RWE Group. The restructuring of the RWE Group also involved
the reorganisation of our risk management. Since its public
listing in October 2016, innogy SE has controlled its risks
independently - as well as those of its subsidiaries. As regards
all of the other Group companies, responsibility remains with
RWE AG. The manner in which RWE AG records innogy’s risks
has also changed. Since we fully consolidate our subsidiary
in the Group’s financial statements, but manage it as a financial
investment, our analysis essentially focuses on the market
value of our investment in innogy and changes in this
value. We map the risk of losses in value inter alia using a
mathematical model which tracks the history of the
investment's share price. Furthermore, innogy provides us
with semi-annual reports on its individual risks. Based on this
information, we determine whether the market value risk we
have calculated for the investment in innogy needs to be
corrected. If, for example, we were to find that the individual
risks reported by innogy have been underestimated, we
would put the risk of negative changes in market value into
a higher category.

The following is a detailed presentation of RWE AG's risk
management. Corresponding information regarding innogy
can be found in our subsidiary’s latest annual report.

Organisation of RWE AG's risk management. The primary
responsibility for our risk management lies with the Executive
Board of RWE AG. It monitors and manages the overall risk of
the Group and its operational subsidiaries. In doing so, it
determines the risk appetite of RWE and defines upper limits
for risk positions.

At the level below the Executive Board, the Controlling & Risk
Management Department has the task of applying and
developing the risk management system. It derives detailed
limits for the individual business fields and operating units
from the risk caps set by the Executive Board. Its tasks also
include checking the identified risks for completeness and
plausibility and aggregating them. In so doing, it receives
support from the Risk Management Committee, which is

composed of the heads of the following five RWE AG
departments: Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management
(Chair), Corporate Business Development, Finance & Credit
Risk and Legal. The Controlling & Risk Management
Department provides the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG with regular reports on the company’s
risk exposure.

A number of additional organisational units and committees
have been entrusted with risk management tasks:

= Financial risks and credit risks are managed by the Finance &
Credit Risk Department, which reports directly to the CFO
of RWE AG.

= The Accounting Department is responsible for risks involved
in financial reporting. It also reports directly to the CFO
of RWE AG and uses an accounting-related internal control
system, which is described on page 82.

The Internal Audit & Compliance Department monitors
compliance with RWE’s Code of Conduct. One of its main
focal points is avoiding corruption risks. It reports to the
CEO of RWE AG or, if members of the Executive Board are
affected, directly to the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board and the Chairman of the Supervisory Board’s Audit
Committee.

= In so far as they relate to the conventional electricity
generation, energy trading and gas businesses, risks
from changes in commodity prices are monitored by
RWE Supply & Trading.

Strategies to limit market risks from the generation business
are approved by the Commodity Management Committee.
This is an expert body which currently consists of the CFO
of RWE AG, members of the management of RWE Supply &
Trading and a representative of the Controlling & Risk
Management Department.


--- Page 58 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

= The strategic guidelines for the management of financial
assets (including the funds of RWE Pensionstreuhand e.V.)
are determined by the Asset Management Committee. This
body also currently attends to this task for the financial
investments of innogy SE. Its members include the CFO of
RWE AG, the head of the Finance & Credit Risk Department,
the head of the Portfolio Management/Mergers & Acquisitions
Department and the head of Financial Asset Management
from the Portfolio Management/Mergers & Acquisitions
Department. The heads of the innogy Finance and
Controlling & Risk Departments and the CFO of innogy’s
Grid & Infrastructure Division are also members.

75

= There is also a committee at RWE AG which supports the
accounting teams and the functions of high relevance to
accounting in preventing the incorrect financial reporting
of risks (see page 82).

Under the expert management of the aforementioned
organisational units, RWE AG and its operating subsidiaries
are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them
correctly and managing them in compliance with central
standards. The Internal Audit Department regularly assesses
the quality and functionality of our risk management system.

RWE AG risk matrix

20% < P< 50% P> 50%

Probability of occurrence (P)

Potential damage’ A
creaoy } oo Ld
category |
Category Ill
Category II
Category |
1% <Ps10% 10% <Ps 20%
Low risk Medium risk ll High risk

Potential damage Earnings risks’

Potential impact on net income - compared to

Indebtedness/liquidity/equity risks’
Potential impact on net debt

adjusted EBITDA? and equity* and equity
Category V = 50% of equity = €8 billion
Category IV > 100% of adjusted EBITDA and < 50% of equity > €4 billion and < €8 billion
Category Ill = 40% and < 100% of adjusted EBITDA = €2 billion and < €4 billion
Category Il = 20% of EBITDA and < 40% of adjusted EBITDA = €lbillion and < €2 billion
Category | < 20% of adjusted EBITDA < €1 billion

1 In relation to the aggregated level of damage from 2018 to 2020.

2 innogy is not included in the figures as a fully consolidated company, but as a pure financial investment (see page 60).

3 Average for 2018 to 2020 derived from the medium-term plan.
4 Equity as of 30 September 2017 (€14,990 million).


--- Page 59 ---

76 RWE Annual

Risk management as a continuous process. Risks and
opportunities are defined as negative or positive deviations
from expected figures. Their management is an integral and
continuous part of operating processes. We assess risks
every six months, using a bottom-up analysis. We also monitor
risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The Executive
Board of RWE AG is immediately notified of any material
changes. Our executive and supervisory bodies are updated
on the risk exposure on a quarterly basis.

Our analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our
medium-term plan, but can extend beyond that for long-term
risks. We evaluate risks to determine their impact on net
income on the one hand and on net debt and equity on the
other hand. We calculate the probability of occurrence for
all risks as well as their potential damage. Risks that share
the same cause are aggregated to a single risk. We analyse
the material individual risks of the RWE Group using a
matrix in which the risks’ probability of occurrence and
potential net damage are represented, i.e. taking account
of hedging measures such as hedge transactions. Depending
on their position in the matrix, we distinguish between low,

medium and high risks. Based on this analysis, we determine
whether there is a need for action and initiate measures to
mitigate the risks if necessary.

We have made adjustments to the method used to quantify
risks. Whereas in 2016 we used key figures in which innogy
was included as a fully consolidated company, we now
record our subsidiary as a purely financial investment. Details
on this approach can be found on page 60. This change
caused the figure for equity, which we use as a basis to scale
earnings risks, to increase significantly. A second change in
methodology relates to the effects which risks can have on
net income. We now calculate them as percentages of
adjusted EBITDA instead of adjusted EBIT. Adjusted EBITDA
is the more important management parameter. Since it does
not include depreciation or amortisation, it comes closer to
the cash flows from operating activities, which are of huge
significance especially for managing our power plant portfolio.
Due to the adjustments described above, the limits that we
use to categorise earnings risks changed substantially. By
contrast, the limits that we use to classify the effects of risks
on net debt and equity have not changed.

Risk classes! Classification of the highest single risk

31 Dec 2017 31 Dec 2016
Market risks Medium Medium
Regulatory and political risks High High
Legal risks Medium Medium
Operational risks Medium Low
Financial risks High Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners Medium Medium
Other risks Low Medium

1 In the risk assessment as of 31 December 2017, innogy is only recorded based on the risk of changes in the market value of our investment in the company, whereas in the risk

assessment as of 31 December 2016, innogy's individual risks were still considered.

Main risks for the RWE Group. As presented in the table
above, our main risks can be classified into seven groups,
depending on their nature. The highest individual risk
determines the classification of the risk of the entire risk class.
As mentioned earlier, we consider innogy in the assessment
as a pure financial investment, the aggregated total risk of
which consists of declines in its share price. The individual

risks of our subsidiary, on which we provide information
on page 80 et seq., are no longer presented separately in
our risk matrix. As we record the possibility of a decline in
innogy’s share price in our matrix, the financial risks have
been reclassified from ‘medium’ to ‘high’. We also classify
our regulatory and political risks as ‘high’. This assessment
did not change compared to the previous year.


--- Page 60 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

In the following, we discuss the main risks and opportunities
and explain what measures have been taken to counter the
threat of negative developments.

= Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are active
the energy sector is characterised by the free formation of
prices. Declines in quotations on wholesale electricity
markets can cause power plants and electricity procurement
contracts concluded at fixed prices to become less
economically feasible and, in some cases, even unprofitable.
In such events, we may have to recognise impairments or
form provisions. Following an extended downward trend,
in 2016 and 2017, wholesale electricity prices picked up
again in our most important generation markets, Germany,
the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. The main reason
for this was that fuel quotations recovered, especially of
hard coal. It cannot be ruled out that this upward trend
stops or that electricity prices decrease substantially
again. However, there is also a chance that this recovery
continues and that future realisable generation margins
rise further.

In addition to fuel costs, demand for electricity and the
amount of generation capacity available to meet it are also
decisive to the development of wholesale electricity prices.
Risks also exist here due to the expansion of electricity
storage. For example, the increased use of batteries could
result in households with photovoltaic units becoming inde-
pendent from the regular electricity market. Conversely,
the electrification of the heating and transportation sec-
tor would have positive effects on demand for electricity.
Above and beyond this, we expect the ongoing reduction
of secured generation capacity in our home market Germany
to increasingly lead to shortages with high electricity prices.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the
procurement and supply markets taking account of current
forward prices and expected volatility. For our power
plants, we limit margin risks by selling most of our electricity
forward and securing the prices of the fuel and CO, emission
allowances needed for its generation. Our goal is to limit
the consequences of negative price developments and tap
into additional earnings potential.

77

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes to
managing commodity price risks. It functions as the Group’s
interface to the global wholesale markets for electricity and
energy commodities. The company markets large portions
of our power generation and purchases the necessary fuels
and CO; certificates needed to produce electricity. The
role of RWE Supply & Trading as internal transaction partner
makes it easier for us to limit the risks associated with
price volatility on energy markets. However, the trading
transactions are not exclusively intended to reduce risks.
To a limited degree, the company also takes commodity
positions to achieve a profit.

Our risk management system for energy trading is firmly
aligned with best practice as applied to the trading
businesses of banks. As part of this, transactions are
concluded with third parties only if the credit risks are
within approved limits. There are guidelines governing
the treatment of commodity price risks and associated
credit risks. Our subsidiaries constantly monitor their
commodity positions. Risks associated with trades
conducted by RWE Supply & Trading for its own account
are monitored daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk
measurement in energy trading. It specifies the maximum
loss from a risk position not exceeded with a given
probability over a certain period of time. The VaR figures
within the RWE Group are based on a confidence interval
of 95%. The assumed holding period for a position is one
day. This means that, with a probability of 95 %, the daily
loss will not exceed the VaR.

The VaR for commodity positions in the trading business
of RWE Supply & Trading may not rise above €40 million. In
the financial year that just closed, it averaged €10 million
(previous year: €17 million), and the daily maximum was
€15 million (previous year: €34 million). In the middle of
2017, we pooled the management of our gas portfolio
and our liquefied natural gas (LNG) business in a new
organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading and established
a VaR cap of €12 million for these activities. The average
VaR measured from the foundation of the organisation
unit until the end of 2017 was €3 million. Additionally, we
have set limits for each trading desk. Furthermore, we
develop extreme scenarios and factor them into stress tests,
determine their consequences for earnings, and take
countermeasures if we deem the risks to be too high.


--- Page 61 ---

78 RWE Annual R

We also apply the VaR concept to measure the extent to
which the commodity price risks that we are exposed to
outside the trading business can affect the RWE Group's
adjusted EBITDA. To this end, we calculate the overall risk
for the Group on the basis of the commodity risk positions
of the individual companies; this overall risk mainly stems
from power generation. As the majority of our generation
position is already fully hedged for 2018, only minor
market price risks remain for this year. Additionally, profit
opportunities arise, because we are able to adapt our
power plant deployment to short-term market developments.
flexibly.

In certain cases, financial instruments used to hedge
commodity positions are presented as on-balance-sheet
hedging relationships in the consolidated financial
statements. This also applies to the financial instruments
we use to limit interest and currency risks. More detailed
information can be found in the Notes to the consolidated
financial statements on page 141 et seqq.

Our biggest market risks remain unchanged in the ‘medium’
category.

* Regulatory and political risks. Energy supply is a long-term
business and companies involved in this industry are
particularly dependent on a stable, reliable framework.
Stricter thresholds for emissions can result in massive
declines in earnings, if the transition periods are too short
and existing plants have to be shut down early. This kind
of risk emanates from the German Climate Action Plan
2050, which was adopted at the end of 2016 (see page 33
of the 2016 Annual Report). According to the Plan, by
2030 the energy sector must lower its emissions by more
than 60 % compared to the level of 1990. We view this
target as being very ambitious and see a risk that coal-fired
power stations may have to be decommissioned earlier
than planned. In the Netherlands, the new government is
planning a complete exit from coal by 2030, and it intends
to make carbon dioxide emissions by power plants more
expensive by introducing a CO, tax. Such measures can
place a huge burden on us. In a dialogue with
policymakers, we want to point out the possible negative
effects of an overly ambitious path of emissions reductions,
in particular with regard to security of supply.

We are also exposed to risks in the field of nuclear energy,
albeit to a much lesser extent than in the past. Last year, a
German law redistributing responsibility for nuclear waste
management between the federal government and the
power plant operators was enacted (see page 35). Since
the companies made contributions to the new nuclear

energy fund in the middle of 2017, they have no longer
been liable for the costs of interim and final storage. We
have reaffirmed this in legal terms with the Federal
Republic of Germany by way of a contract. However, we
are exposed to cost risks associated with disposal tasks
for which we remain responsible in operating and financial
terms. For example, it cannot be ruled out that the
dismantling of nuclear power stations will be more expensive
than planned.

Another issue that has been clarified is the legality of the
German nuclear fuel tax, which had been levied from 2011
to 2016. The German Constitutional Court declared the tax
null and void, upon which the Federal government refunded
us the €1.7 billion in tax payments made plus interest (see
page 37). This caused one of our major opportunities to
materialise. However, it cannot be ruled out that nuclear
fuel may be taxed again, this time fulfilling the constitutional
requirements.

Even in the present political environment, we are exposed
to risks associated for example with approvals when
building and operating production facilities. This particularly
affects our opencast mines and power stations. The
danger here is that new-build projects receive late or no
approval, or granted approvals are withdrawn. Depending
on the progress of construction work and the contractual
obligations to suppliers, this can have a very negative
financial impact. We try to limit this risk as much as possible
by preparing our applications for approval with great
care and ensuring that approval processes are handled
competently.

For us, the regulatory and political risks of most significance
are those resulting from intervention to limit carbon
emissions and make them more expensive. As in the
preceding year, we classified these risks as ‘high’.

Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are involved
in litigation and arbitration proceedings due to their
operations or the acquisition of companies. Out-of-court
claims have been filed against some of them. Furthermore,
companies from the RWE Group are directly involved in
various procedures with public authorities or are at least
affected by their outcomes. We have accrued provisions
for possible losses resulting from pending proceedings
before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.


--- Page 62 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that
we granted in connection with the sale of shareholdings.
Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are
identified within the scope of due diligence, the probability
of occurrence of which is, however, uncertain. In contrast,
warranties also cover risks that are unknown at the time
of sale. The hedging instruments described above are
standard procedure in sales of companies and equity
holdings. The maximum classification of our legal risks is
‘medium’. There was no change in this regard compared
to the previous year.

= Operational risks. RWE operates technologically complex,
interconnected production facilities. During their construction
and modernisation, delays and cost increases can occur,
for example due to accidents, material defects, late deliveries
or time-consuming approval processes. We counter this
through diligent plant and project management as well as
high safety standards. We also regularly inspect and
maintain our facilities. Nevertheless, it is impossible to
prevent occasional outages. If economically viable, we take
out insurance policies.

In relation to capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets, there is a risk that the
return may fall short of expectations. Furthermore, prices
paid for acquisitions may retrospectively prove to be too
high. However, it is also possible that the returns on
investments turn out to be higher than originally assumed.
We conduct extensive analyses to try and map the financial
and strategic effects of transactions as realistically as
possible. Moreover, RWE has specific accountability
provisions and approval processes in place to prepare and
implement investment decisions.

Our business processes are supported by secure data
processing systems. Nevertheless, we cannot rule out a
lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. Our high security standards are designed to
prevent this. In addition, we regularly invest in hardware
and software upgrades. We now classify our operating
tisks as ‘medium’ as opposed to ‘low’ in the previous year.
This is because we anticipate higher wholesale electricity
prices than before. If this expectation materialises, power
station outages would result in more significant drops
in margins. However, our assumptions concerning the
frequency of such events have not changed.

79

« Financial risks. The volatility of market interest rates, foreign
exchange rates and share prices can have a significant
effect on our financial position. Above all, the development
of innogy’s share price is important to us. A crash on the
stock markets and negative developments at innogy can
cause the market value of our stake in the company to
decline significantly. This risk has partially materialised: the
innogy share dropped considerably in value in December
2017 due to a profit warning issued by management.
However, innogy may well regain the trust of the capital
market and its share price may recover.

RWE holds other shares besides those in innogy. The average
VaR for the share price risk of this paper was €2 million
(previous year: €8 million).

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks primarily owing
to our business activities in the United Kingdom.
Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal and oil are
traded in US dollars. Companies which are overseen by
RWE AG have their currency risks managed by the parent
company. RWE AG aggregates the risks to a net financial
position for each currency and hedges it if necessary. In
2017, the average VaR for RWE AG's foreign currency
position was less than €1 million. The same applies to
the prior year.

We differentiate between several categories of interest
rate risks. For example, rises in interest rates can lead to
reductions in the price of the securities we hold. This
primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. The VaR for the
interest rate-related price risk of capital investments was
€5 million on average at RWE AG (previous year: €9 million).

Moreover, increases in interest rates cause our financing
costs to rise. We measure this risk using the cash flow at
risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% anda
holding period of one year. The average CFaR at RWE AG
was €3 million. Due to the reorganisation, there is no
average figure for the prior year.

Furthermore, market interest rates have an effect on our
provisions, as they are the point of reference for the
discount rates used for determining the net present values
of obligations. This means that in the case of declining
market interest rates our provisions generally rise and
vice versa.


--- Page 63 ---

80 RWE

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price of
securities are controlled by a professional fund management
system. Range of action, responsibilities and controls are
set out in internal guidelines which the Group companies
are obliged to adhere to when concluding financial
transactions. All financial transactions are recorded using
special software and are monitored by RWE AG.

The conditions at which we can finance our business on
the debt capital market are dependent on the credit ratings
we receive from international rating agencies. As set
out on page 55, Moody's and Fitch place our long-term
creditworthiness in the investment grade category with a
stable outlook. However, the agencies may change their
assessments and lower our credit rating at any time. This
can result in additional costs if we have to raise debt capital
or hedge trades.

We classify our financial risks as ‘high’ because they now
also contain the share price risk associated with our stake
in innogy (previous year: ‘medium’).

Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business
relations with key accounts, suppliers, trading partners
and financial institutions expose us to credit risks. Therefore,
we track the creditworthiness of our partners closely and
assess their credit standing based on internal and external
ratings, both before and during the business relationship.
Transactions that exceed certain approval thresholds and
all trading transactions are subject to a credit limit, which
we determine before the transaction is concluded and
adjust if necessary, for instance in the event of a change
in creditworthiness. At times, we request cash collateral or
bank guarantees. Credit risks and the utilisation of the limits
in the trading and financing business are measured daily.

We agree on collateral when concluding over-the-counter
trading transactions. Furthermore, we enter into framework
agreements, e.g. those of the European Federation of
Energy Traders (EFET). For financial derivatives, we make
use of the German master agreement for forward financial
transactions or the master agreement of the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA).

As in the past, our risks stemming from the creditworthiness
of our business partners do not exceed the category
‘medium’.

= Other risks. This risk class includes reputation risks and
tisks associated with non-compliance and criminal
offences committed by employees of the Group. It also
encompasses the possibility of planned divestments
not being implemented, for example owing to regulatory
requirements or the lack of acceptable bids. We consider
other risks to be low. Including innogy, we had classified
them as ‘medium’ in the previous year.

innogy’s risk exposure. The development of the market
value of our 76.8% shareholding in innogy is mainly affected
by the individual risks of our subsidiary. We have outlined
some of these risks below. Detailed information on this topic
can be found in innogy’s current annual report.

= Earnings in the renewable energy business strongly depend
on state subsidy systems. Here, there is a risk that the
realisable compensation declines and new projects cease
to be attractive. This can lead to investment undertaking
being broken off. Reductions in the subsidisation of
existing generation units cannot be fully ruled out. The
revenue of these plants is also exposed to the risk of
unfavourable market developments to the extent that it
is partly determined by wholesale electricity prices. This
particularly applies to wind farms when subsidies have
expired. If such risks materialise, impairments may have to
be recognised for these plants or they may have to be sold
below their carrying amount. However, these plants can
earn unexpectedly high returns if wholesale electricity
prices increase.

In the grid business, risks arise predominantly from the
regular adjustments to the regulatory framework. In
Germany, the new five-year regulatory period began on

1 January 2018 for gas network operators and on

1 January 2019 this will be the case for electricity network
operators. Major decisions regarding these periods by the
regulatory authorities are still pending. For example, cost
reviews are yet to be completed for innogy’s network
companies, and the maximum allowable revenues must be
established. There is the risk that regulatory authorities
set low revenue caps and require the companies to achieve
significant cost savings. However, it is also possible that
the network operators are granted favourable
conditions. Margins realisable in the gas storage business,
which is assigned to the Grid & Infrastructure division,
depend in part on seasonal differences in gas prices. If the
differences are significant, high income can be achieved.
In contrast, declines in differences can reduce earnings
and lead to impairments.


--- Page 64 ---

Combined review of operations > Development of risks and opportunities

= innogy faces significant competitive pressure in the retail
business. When competition is tough, cost disadvantages
and a weak performance on the market can quickly lead to
declines in margins and customer losses. innogy mitigates
the risk of sales and margin declines with customer
retention measures, a differentiated price policy anda
high quality of service in all of its retail markets. Our
subsidiary does justice to changing customer demands
by supplementing its offering with innovative products.
In addition to the competitive landscape, regulatory
intervention can also curtail earnings in the retail business.
One such example is the cap on residential customer
tariffs in the United Kingdom. As set out on page 36,
households with prepayment tariffs are given price
protection for a limited period. The same applies to low-
income customers that receive a price reduction known as
the ‘warm home discount’. The government's plans
envisage all standard-tariff customers benefiting from
contractual price caps. This would cause margins in the UK
supply business to deteriorate further. In view of the
difficult market environment in the United Kingdom,
innogy and SSE agreed to strengthen their UK retail
operations by combining them to form a new, publicly
listed company (see page 38).

= innogy has identified general risks and opportunities
affecting all areas, inter alia in connection with investing
activities. Our subsidiary intends to spur structural change
in the energy sector and seize growth opportunities in
doing so. Accordingly, substantial amounts of capital are
spent on modernising grids, expanding renewable energy
and developing innovative retail offerings. Capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and financial
assets can lead to returns below expectations. The price
for acquiring companies may prove to have been too high
in retrospect. Vice-versa, capital expenditure can be more
profitable than originally assumed. innogy is also exposed
to risks in relation to IT security. The damage that can
potentially be caused by cyber attacks has risen due to
progressive digitisation, the increasing interconnectivity
of devices via the internet, and the mounting complexity
of software and hardware. innogy has taken extensive
technical and organisational measures in order to protect
itself from such dangers. Another general risk results from
changes in interest rates. Due to the expansionary
monetary policy of leading central banks, market interest
rates are currently low. Should they fall further, an upward
adjustment may have to be made to the company’s pension
provisions. A rise in interest rates would usually lead to a
decline in pension provisions, but would have the added
disadvantage that refinancing would become more costly.

81

innogy monitors these and other risks continuously and
takes countermeasures where necessary. The company does
not currently see any risks that may jeopardise its existence.

Overall assessment of RWE’s risk and opportunity situation:
general assessment by company management. As
demonstrated by the contents of this chapter, RWE’s risk
exposure is largely influenced by the development of
economic and regulatory framework conditions and the
market value of its majority interest in innogy. Regulatory risks
arise inter alia from the German climate protection plan
adopted at the end of 2016, which is to be concretised this
year. We see the danger that we may have to shut down
other coal-fired power plants in addition to the lignite-fired
stations that are on standby. We may also experience
significant burdens in the Netherlands if the government's
current plans to exit from coal are implemented. By contrast,
risk exposure in nuclear energy has dropped. It is now
established by law how responsibility for nuclear waste
management is divided between the Federal government and
the power plant operators. In addition, the legal uncertainty
over the nuclear fuel tax has been eliminated. As the German
Constitutional Court declared the levy null and void and
we were refunded the tax payments made, one of our most
important opportunities materialised.

Market conditions in electricity generation have a significant
influence on our earnings. German wholesale prices appear
to have emerged from their trough. They are currently far
above the record low recorded at the beginning of 2016. To
a great extent, this is because global prices for hard coal
have recovered. Should these trends reverse and electricity
prices drop sharply once again, significant earnings shortfalls
are to be expected, possibly as well as a downgrade of
our credit rating and additional costs for hedging trading
transactions. However, prices may continue to trend upwards
and generation margins may improve. Such a development
may then occur in Germany if the nuclear phase-out and
additional power plant closures cause reliably available
generation capacity to become tighter.


--- Page 65 ---

82 RWE Annual R

In view of the regulatory pressure and the market risks in
the energy sector, utilities such as RWE must see to it that
they are crisis-proof. On the strength of ambitious efficiency-
enhancing programmes, strict investing discipline and the
IPO of innogy, we have given the Group a solid financial
foundation. By analysing the effects of risks on our liquidity
and pursuing a conservative financing strategy, we ensure
that we always have enough cash and cash equivalents in
order to meet our payment obligations punctually. We have
strong operating cash flows, considerable liquid funds and
great financial leeway, thanks to our commercial paper
programme and the unused line of credit. We budget our
liquidity with foresight, based on the short, medium and
long-term funding needs of our Group companies, and have
a significant amount of minimum liquidity on a daily basis.

Thanks to our comprehensive risk management system and
the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning
power described earlier, we are confident that we can manage
the current risks to RWE. At the same time, we are working
hard to ensure that this remains the case in the future.

Report on the accounting-related internal control system:
statements in accordance with Sec. 289, Para. 4, and
Sec. 315, Para. 4 of the German Commercial Code. Risks
associated with financial reporting reflect the fact that our
annual, consolidated and interim financial statements may
contain misrepresentations that could have a significant
influence on the decisions made by their addressees. Our
accounting-related Internal Control System (ICS) aims to
detect potential errors that result from non-compliance with
accounting standards. The foundations of the ICS are our
basic principles, which are set out in RWE’s Code of Conduct
and, first and foremost, include our ambition to provide
complete, objective, correct, clear and timely information, as
well as the company's groupwide guidelines. Building on
this, minimum requirements for the accounting-related IT
systems are designed to ensure the reliability of data collection
and processing. An effective ICS enables the mitigation

of the risk of material misrepresentations. However, it cannot
eliminate it entirely.

RWE AG is responsible for the design and monitoring of the
ICS. These tasks are performed by the Accounting Department.
Additionally, there is a group-wide set of rules for designing
and monitoring the ICS. We also created the ICS Committee.
Its objective is to ensure that the ICS is applied throughout
the Group following uniform principles, meeting high ambitions
in terms of correctness and transparency. Representatives
from the Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management and
Internal Auditing & Compliance departments, along with
the representatives from the areas of finance, human

resources, procurement, trading and IT - all of which play an
important role in financial reporting - are members of this
Committee.

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year. As
a first step, we examine whether the risk situation is presented
appropriately and whether suitable controls are in place for
the identified risks. In a second step, we test the effectiveness
of the controls. If the ICS reviews are based on accounting-
related processes, e.g. the receipt and processing of invoices
in our service centre in Cracow, the preparation of financial
statements and consolidation, they are conducted by employees
from the Accounting Department. The representatives of the
finance, human resources, purchasing, trading and IT functions
certify whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered
to by their respective areas. The Internal Audit Department
and external auditing firms are also involved in the ICS reviews.
The results of the reviews are documented in a report to
the Executive Board of RWE AG. The review conducted in
2017 once again demonstrated that the ICS is an effective
system.

Our ICS reviews do not cover innogy SE or its subsidiaries.
However, these entities apply the aforementioned process
analogously. The results obtained are considered in the
assessment of the ICS of RWE AG.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the
Executive Board of RWE AG took an external half-year and
full-year balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the
figures give a true and fair view of the net worth, financial
position and earnings. When in session, the Supervisory
Board's Audit Committee regularly concerns itself with the
effectiveness of the ICS. Once a year, the Executive Board of
RWE AG submits a report on this to the committee.


--- Page 66 ---

Combined review of operations > Outlook 83

1.13 OUTLOOK

Although the decline German wholesale electricity prices halted at the beginning of 2016, we continue to feel the
consequences in 2018. The margins of our power stations, which we realised through forward sales for 2018, were
down year on year. Therefore, in 2018, the RWE Group will probably fall short of the operating result achieved last
year. We anticipate adjusted EBITDA of between €4.9 billion and €5.2 billion and adjusted net income of between
€0.7 billion and €1.0 billion. We will continue to benefit from our ongoing efficiency-enhancement programme. Our

participation in the UK capacity market will also have an increasingly positive effect on our earnings.

Experts predict that the economy will remain robust.
Based on initial forecasts for 2018, the global economy will
expand by some 3 %, roughly as much as last year. The
economy of the Eurozone is predicted to grow by about 2%.
The German Council of Economic Experts is of the opinion
that the country will record a gain of 2.2%. The Dutch
economy is expected to outgrow the Eurozone yet again,
with the Belgian economy failing to keep pace with it. Experts
anticipate an increase of 1.5% in the United Kingdom. The
general situation in the economies of the RWE Group’s most
important markets in Central Eastern Europe is unlikely to
change much compared to 2017: posting growth of 3% to
4%, Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia may
well remain clearly above the European average.

Demand for energy probably higher than in 2017. Our
forecast for this year’s energy consumption is based on
assumed economic developments. In addition, we anticipate
that temperatures in 2018 will be normal and therefore
lower overall than in 2017, which was characterised by
relatively mild weather. If these conditions materialise,
we expect that demand for electricity will be stable or rise
marginally in Germany, the Netherlands and the United
Kingdom. The stimulus of expanding economies and the
possibly colder weather will be contrasted by the dampening
effects of the increasingly efficient use of energy. Similar to
2017, electricity consumption in Poland, Hungary and
Slovakia is expected to rise by between 2% and 3%.

We anticipate a general rise in gas usage. This is based on
assumed normalised temperatures and a commensurate
increase in the need for heating. In addition, the predicted
economic growth should stimulate demand for gas. Stimulus
may also come from the electricity generation sector, if the

market conditions for gas-fired power plants improve further.

We anticipate opposing effects from the trend towards
saving energy.

Electricity production for 2018 nearly completely sold
forward. In the last two years, the wholesale prices of
electricity and major energy commodities trended back
upwards following a prolonged downward spiral. Their
development depends on a number of factors, which are
almost impossible to predict. However, the future development
of these prices is only of secondary importance to our
earnings in the current fiscal year, as we have already sold
almost all of our electricity generation for 2018 and secured
the prices of the required fuel and emission allowances. The
2018 price we achieved for electricity from our German
lignite-fired and nuclear power stations is below last year's
average of €31 per MWh.

Adjusted EBITDA in 2018: range of €4.9 to €5.2 billion
expected. We anticipate that the RWE Group's operating
earnings in the financial year underway will be weaker than
in 2017. We forecast adjusted EBITDA in the range of
€4.9 billion to €5.2 billion. This would be significantly less
than last year. The main reasons for this are lower generation
margins, less income from special items and increased
startup costs for innogy’s growth projects. Assuming relatively
stable operating depreciation, adjusted EBIT is also likely
to drop considerably. Adjusted net income is expected to
decline to between €0.7 billion and €1.0 billion. It differs
from net income under International Financial Reporting
Standards in that the non-operating result, which is
characterised by one-off effects, and further material special
items (including applicable taxes) are deducted from it.


--- Page 67 ---

84 RWE Annual R

Earnings forecast for 2018 2017 actual Forecast for 2018
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA 5,756 4,900 - 5,200
of which:
Lignite & Nuclear 671 350 - 450
European Power 463 300 - 400
Supply & Trading 271 100-300
innogy 4,331 4,100 - 4,200
Adjusted net income 1,232 700 - 1,000

We expect earnings at the divisional level to develop as
follows:

* Lignite & Nuclear: Adjusted EBITDA is anticipated to decline
to between €350 million and €450 million. As mentioned
earlier, most of this year's electricity generation has already
been placed on the market. In sum, the margins realised
were lower than in 2017. Moreover, the Gundremmingen B
nuclear power station will stop contributing to earnings
as we had to shut it down at the end of 2017. However,
we are confident of being able to profit from further
efficiency-enhancing measures.

= European Power: Adjusted EBITDA of this segment is
expected to total between €300 million and €400 million.
This would put it below last year's figure, which benefited
from one-off income from property sales. Earnings
contributed by the commercial optimisation of our power
plant deployment are unlikely to match the high level
achieved in 2017. Furthermore, we anticipate declining
margins from electricity forward sales. By contrast, the
premiums that we receive for participating in the UK
capacity market will increase.

= Supply & Trading: We expect to post annual average adjusted
EBITDA in the order of €200 million in this segment over
the long term. We estimate a range of €100 million to
€300 million for 2018. This assumes a normal trading
performance. Earnings in the gas business are likely to
close the year down on the above-average figure recorded
in 2017.

= innogy: Our subsidiary anticipates adjusted EBITDA of
between €4.1 billion and €4.2 billion, slightly less than
in 2017. Earnings in the retail business may well decline
considerably, in part due to rising startup costs for
future-oriented projects. Moreover, exceptional income is
likely to be lower than in 2017. This also applies to the
Grid & Infrastructure division, which is expected to close
fiscal 2018 slightly down year on year. If transit volumes
in the Czech gas distribution network return to normal
levels after the positive effect of the weather in 2017,
they may contribute to the decline in earnings. innogy
anticipates stable earnings in the field of renewable
energy. The commissioning of new generation capacity
will have a positive effect. Assuming average weather
conditions, the capacity utilisation of wind turbines and
run-of-river power stations will improve. This will be
contrasted by higher costs incurred to develop new
projects. In addition, last year’s earnings benefited from
income from the revaluation of the Triton Knoll wind
power project.


--- Page 68 ---

ations > Outlook

Capex budget subject to counter-financing measures.
Most of the capital spent in the RWE Group is attributable to
innogy. Our subsidiary plans a net capital expenditure in the
order of €2.5 billion in 2018. Gross capex exceeding this
amount will be financed with proceeds from divestments
and asset disposals. As before, the investment magnets are
the maintenance and modernisation of distribution grids and
the expansion of renewable energy. We plan to spend about
€400 million in capital on property, plant and equipment in
conventional power generation, primarily to maintain and
modernise power stations and opencast mines. Some of the
funds have been earmarked for small growth projects, e.g.
the conversion of our Dutch hard coal-fired power stations to
biomass co-firing.

Net debt probably higher year on year. Our net debt is
likely to increase moderately in the current fiscal year. A
major reason for this is the dividend payments to RWE
shareholders and co-owners of fully consolidated RWE
companies. Our forecast for net debt is based on the assumed
stability of market interest levels and - in turn - of the
discount factors that we use to calculate provisions.

85

Outlook for the RWE Group with innogy as a pure
financial investment. For management purposes, we also
use Group figures in which innogy is included as a pure
financial investment instead of as a fully consolidated
company. More detailed information on how these figures
are calculated can be found on page 60. Adjusted EBITDA in
2018 calculated taking this approach is expected to total
between €1.4 billion and €1.7 billion (last year: €2.1 billion).
The figure predicted for adjusted net income is between
€0.5 billion and €0.8 billion (last year: €1.0 billion). We expect
net debt to post a moderate rise (last year: €4.5 billion).

Forward-looking statements. This report contains forward-looking statements regarding the future development of the RWE
Group and its companies as well as economic and political developments. These statements are assessments that we have made
based on information available to us at the time this document was prepared. In the event that the underlying assumptions do
not materialise or unforeseen risks arise, actual developments can deviate from the developments expected at present. Therefore,

we cannot assume responsibility for the correctness of these statements.

References to the internet. The contents of pages on the internet and publications to which we refer in the review of operations
are not part of the review of operations and are merely intended to provide additional information. The corporate governance

declaration in accordance with Section 289a as well as Section 315d of the German Commercial Code is an exception.

