

--- Page 1 ---



--- Page 2 ---

1.1.

1.1.1. GROUP KEY FIGURES

SCOR GROUP

Selected financial information

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

SCOR SE (“the Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries
(referred collectively as “SCOR” or the “ Group”), form the world’s
fourth largest reinsurer" serving more than 4,000 clients from
its three regional management platforms, or organizational
hubs (the “Hubs”): the EMEA Hub, the Americas Hub and the
Asia-Pacific Hub.

The European Hub (EMEA Hub) results from the combination of
previously existing Hubs of Zurich-Cologne and Paris-London.
This new step in the optimization of the Group's organizational

structure follows on from the creation of the Zurich-Cologne
Hub in October 2014 and the Paris-London Hub in April 2015.

Although 2017 has been marked by an exceptional series of
large natural catastrophes which occurred during the second
half of the year, SCOR’s strong underlying results demonstrate
its resilience and the effectiveness of its business model, based
on extensive business and geographical diversification, while
focusing on traditional reinsurance activities.

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015
Consolidated SCOR Group
Gross written premiums 14,789 13,826 13,421
Net earned premiums 13,281 12,462 11,984
Operating result 491 951 1,048
Consolidated net income — Group share 286 603 642
Net investment income" 764 670 666
Group cost ratio” 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%
Return on invested assets”) 3.5% 2.9% 3.1%
Return on equity” 45% 9.5% 10.6%
Basic earnings per share (in EUR) 1.53 3.26 3.46
Book value per share (in EUR)? 33.01 35.94 34.03
Share price (in EUR) 33.55 32.83 34.51
Operating cash flow 1,144 1,354 795
Total shareholders’ equity 6,225 6,695 6,363
SCOR Global P&C
Gross written premiums 6,025 5,639 5,723
Net combined ratio” 103.7% 93.1% 91.1%
SCOR Global Life
Gross written premiums 8,764 8,187 7,698
Life technical margin? 7.1% 7.0% 7.2%

(1) See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

(2) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios, for detailed calculation.

(3) Earnings per share are calculated as net income divided by the number of ordinary shares, which includes the average number of shares over the reporting
period, shares issued during the period and time-weighted treasury shares. See Section 4.6.21 - Earnings per share for detailed calculation.

(4) Closing stock price on December 29, 2017 (December 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015).

(5) Includes a EUR 301 million one-off cash in-flow from the repayment of a cedent’s fund withheld.

(6) The net combined ratio calculation has been refined to exclude some immaterial non-technical items that were previously included. Considering their
potential growth, these items have been excluded to ensure they do not distort the net combined ratio in the future. The impacts on the previously reported
ratio is +0.26%pts and +0.22%pts as at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively

(1) By net reinsurance premiums written, source: “AM Best Special Report Global Reinsurance 2017".

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 5


--- Page 3 ---

01

6

SCOR GROUP

Selected financial information

1.1.2. OVERVIEW.

GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUM
In EUR millions

—

14,789
13,421 ze 6,025
Em) pa
11,316
10,253 fa,oas
faeaa
2,764
e187
fave
feast
s.a05

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

[-) P&C segment [ Life segment

RETURN ON EQUITY*

In%
1.4% 10.6%
9.9% Om
4.5%
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

* Return on equity is based on the Group's share of net income divided by average
shareholders’ equity (calculated as shareholders’ equity at the beginning of the
period adjusted for the effect of all movements during the period using a prorata
temporis method). The ROE calculation method was adjusted in 2014 to take
into account material foreign exchange rates movements that do not occur
evenly throughout the reporting period. A daily weighted average is used for the
currency or currencies that experienced such movements and simple weighted
average is used for the other currencies. The ratio previously reported in 2013
Registration Document was 11.5% for 2013.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME - GROUP SHARE
In EUR millions

—

642

603

549*

512

286

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

* 2013 consolidated net income ~ Group share included gains from bargain
purchases of EUR 202 million (net of acquisition related costs).

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY, DEBT

AND LEVERAGE RATIO* (IN %)
In EUR million

—

27.5%"* 24.4%
25.7%
2.613] 2.256]
23.1%
21.2% pees]
6,695]
1,379] 6.363]
s.729|

[4,980]

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

[5 Subordinated debt
[= Total shareholders’ Equity

* The leverage ratio is calculated by dividing the subordinated debt by the
sum of shareholders’ equity and subordinated debt. The calculation excludes
accrued interest and includes the impact of swaps related to subordinated debt
issuances. This ratio is used to determine how much lenders are financing the
Group's activities over shareholders.

** In September 2014 and December 2015, SCOR issued two subordinated notes
for EUR 250 million and EUR 600 million, respectively, with the intention to
refinance through the proceeds of these two notes the optional redemptions
of the outstanding balance of the 6.154% undated deeply subordinated
EUR 350 million notes callable in July 2016 and of the 5.375% fixed to floating-
rate undated subordinated CHF 650 million notes callable in August 2016. The
proceeds of these notes were also meant to be used for general corporate
purposes. Had these redemptions been effective on December 31, 2015, the
leverage ratio would have amounted to 20.6%. These redemptions occurred on
the expected dates.


--- Page 4 ---

SCOR GROUP O01

Selected financial information

NET COMBINED RATIO* SHARE PRICE
In % In EUR
103.7% 40
93.9% — 94.4% 91.1% © -93-1% =
a 259
“ 65 68 =
234 ae ose 26.8
149
oa = 22
5.5
57.7 56.9 56.9 56.1
54.1
1§ | - --------------------------------
20132014 2015 2016 = 2017 10
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
[2 P&C management expenses © Natural catastrophes
[5 Commissions  Netattritional

* The net combined ratio is calculated by taking the sum of incurred losses, commissions
and management expenses net of retrocession, divided by eamed premiums net of
retrocession. The combined ratio calculation has been refined in 2017 to exclude
‘some immaterial non-technical items that were previously included. Considering their
potential growth, these items have been excluded to ensure they do not distort the
‘combined ratio in the future. The impact on the previously reported ratio is +0.26%pts
and +0.22%pts as at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively

LIFE TECHNICAL MARGIN*
In %

——

* The Life technical margin is calculated as the percentage of net technical result

7.4% aa OE 7.0% 11% plus income from funds held by ceding companies and the net of gross and
- . ceded earned premiums. The net technical result represents the result of the
net reinsurance operations of SCOR Global Life division including income and
expenses either implied in the reinsurance and retrocession arrangements or fully
related to these arrangements.

** The technical result calculation method was adjusted in 2014 to include revenues
from Life reinsurance contracts that do not transfer significant reinsurance
risk (previously presented in the investment income line). The ratio previously

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 reported in the 2013 Registration Document was 7.3% for the year ended

December 31, 2013.

1.1.3. DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY.

DIVIDEND PER SHARE AND DISTRIBUTION RATE

In EUR
1.65 1.65
1.50
A resolution will be presented to the Annual Shareholders’ 1 noe
Meeting held during the first half of 2018, to approve the financial
statements for the financial year 2017, proposing the distribution
of a dividend of EUR 1.65 per share for the financial year 2017. 44% 51% 43% 51%

The statute of limitations for dividends is five years. Unclaimed
dividends will be paid over to the French Treasury. See also
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 21— Earnings per share

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

-* Dividend per share © Distribution rate

SCOR Registration Document 2017. 7


--- Page 5 ---

01

8

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.

1.2.1. INTRODUCTION

INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCOR GROUP

Legal name and commercial name of the issuer
Legal name: SCOR SE

Commercial name: SCOR

Place and registration number of the issuer
R.C.S. number: Paris 562 033 357
A.P.E. Code: 6520Z

Date of incorporation and term of the issuer

The Company was incorporated on August 16, 1855, as a limited
partnership (société en commandite), under the name Compagnie
Impériale des Voitures de Paris. In 1866, the Company was
converted into a joint stock company (société anonyme) under
the name Compagnie Générale des Voitures de Paris. The Company
changed its name to SCOR SA on October 16, 1989 and in 1990,
absorbed Société Commerciale de Réassurance, created in 1970,
and took over the reinsurance business of the latter. On May 13,
1996, SCOR SA changed its name to SCOR. On June 25, 2007,
SCOR changed its legal form to a European Company (Societas
Europaea) and became SCOR SE. In 2012, the Company relocated
from Paris-La Défense to Paris. On April 25, 2013, the Company's
term was extended for 99 years by decision of the Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting and will expire on April 25, 2112 unless
extended or previously dissolved.

Domicile and legal form of the issuer, legislation
governing its activities, country of incorporation,
address and telephone number of its registered
office

Registered office and contact information of issuer

SCOR SE
5, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris

France

Tel.: +33 (0) 158 44 70 00
Fax: +33 (0) 1 58 44 85 00
www.scor.com

E-mail: scor@scor.com

Listing

In 1989, the Company and UAP Réassurances, a subsidiary of
the state-owned Société Centrale de l'Union des Assurances de
Paris, combined their Property and Casualty and Life reinsurance
businesses. Following a reverse merger with Compagnie Générale
des Voitures, the Company listed its ordinary shares on the Paris
stock exchange and changed its name to SCOR SA and to SCOR
in 1996. In the same year, UAP Réassurances sold its 41% stake
in SCOR through an IPO. SCOR’s American depositary shares
were also listed on the New York stock exchange at that time.
They were delisted in 2007 and the Company’s securities were

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

deregistered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on September 4, 2007.

As at the date of this Registration Document, SCOR SE's shares
are listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris SA and on the SIX Swiss
Exchange (formerly SWX Swiss Exchange) in Zurich, where they
were admitted for trading on August 8, 2007.

Following the reorganization of Euronext indices on January 3,
2005, the ordinary shares are now included on the following
indices: SBF TOP 80, SBF 120, CAC Next 20, CAC Large 60, CAC
All-Shares, CAC All Tradable, CAC Financials, Euronext FAS IAS,
Euronext 100 and Ethibel® Sustainability Index Excellence Europe
(ESI Europe). The SBF TOP 80 index is made up of 80 French
stocks which are the most traded on the continuous segments
not included in the CAC 40 index. The SBF 120 index consists
of the 120 most actively traded French stocks. The CAC Next 20
index includes the most representative stocks in terms of free
float-adjusted capitalization and share turnover not included in
the CAC 40 index. The CAC Large 60 index is composed of the
constituents of the CAC 40 and CAC Next 20 indices. The CAC
All-shares index is composed of all the stocks listed on Euronext
Paris with an annual velocity ratio of over 5%. The CAC All
Tradable index includes all the stocks of the Euronext Paris market
with a free float of at least 20%. The CAC Financials index is
composed of the stocks included in the CAC All Tradable index
belonging to the financial sector. The Euronext FAS IAS index is
composed of the stocks included in the CAC All Tradable index
that fulfill the following conditions: at least 3% of the capital is
controlled by employees, a minimum of 25% of the workforce
in France should own shares of the company and a minimum of
15% of the overall workforce should own shares of the company.
The Euronext 100 index comprises the 100 largest and most
liquid stocks traded on Euronext. The ESI Europe indices universe
is composed of companies included in the Russell Developed
Europe Index that display the best performance in the field of
Corporate Social Responsibility.

SCOR SE has been included in the EuroStoxx Select Dividend 30
index of the 30 highest dividend paying European companies
since March 12, 2010.

Applicable law and regulation

General

The Company was converted into a European Company (Societas
Europaea) in 2007. As such, SCOR SE is governed by the provisions
of Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 (the “SE Regulation”)
and those of European Council Directive 2001/86/EC of October 8,
2001 supplementing the Statute for a European Company with
regard to the involvement of employees, and by the provisions of
French law relating to European Companies, as well as for all other
matters partially covered or not covered by the SE Regulation, by
French legal provisions applicable to sociétés anonymes, where
they are not contrary to the specific provisions applicable to
European Companies.


--- Page 6 ---

The Group's divisions’ business activities of insurance, reinsurance
and asset management are subject to comprehensive regulation
and supervision in each of the jurisdictions where the Group
operates. Given that the Group is headquartered in Paris (France),
this supervision is based, to a significant extent, on European
Union directives and on the French regulatory system. The Group's
principal regulators in France are the financial markets authority
(Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF), and the French insurance
and reinsurance regulator (Autorité de contrdle prudentiel et de
résolution — ACPR). While the extent and nature of regulation
varies from country to country, most jurisdictions in which SCOR’s
insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries operate have laws and
regulations governing solvency standards, levels of reserves,
permitted types and concentrations of investments, and business
conduct to be respected by insurance and reinsurance companies.
The supervisory authorities with jurisdiction over the Group's
operations may conduct regular or unexpected examinations
of the insurers‘/reinsurers’ or asset managers’ operations and
accounts and request specific information from the insurer or
reinsurer. Certain jurisdictions also require registration and periodic
reporting by holding companies that control a licensed insurer
or reinsurer. This holding company legislation typically requires
periodic disclosure concerning the corporate entity that controls
the licensed insurer and other affiliated companies, including
prior approval of transactions between the insurer, the reinsurer
and other affiliated companies such as intragroup asset transfers
and dividend payments by the authorized insurer or reinsurer. In
general, these regulations are designed to protect the interests
of insureds rather than shareholders.

Under the directive No. 2009/138/EC of November 25, 2009
named “Solvency II" transposed in French law in 2015 and entered
into force on January 1, 2016, French companies, whose exclusive
business is reinsurance, can only carry on said business after having
obtained an official authorization, issued by the ACPR. Registered
reinsurers in France can operate under certain conditions in the
European Economic Area (EEA) under the freedom to provide
services and/or the freedom of establishment (branch).

Prudential regulations

SCOR SE and its insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are
subject to regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions
where they do business, which are designed to monitor capital
adequacy and to protect insureds. While the specific regulatory
capital requirements (including the definition of admitted assets
and methods of calculation) vary between jurisdictions, an
insurance or reinsurance company’s required capital can be
impacted by a wide variety of factors including, business mix,
product design, sales volume, invested assets, liabilities, reserves
and movements in the capital markets, including interest rates
and equity markets.

SCOR Group is regulated by the “Solvency II” European directive
which applies since January 1, 2016, having been transposed
into national law in all relevant European jurisdictions over the
last years.

The Solvency Il regulation covers, among other matters, valuation
of assets and liabilities, the treatment of insurance and reinsurance

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

groups, the definition of capital and the overall level of required
capital. A key aspect of Solvency Il is that assessment of the
Group's risks and capital requirements is aligned more closely
with economic capital methodologies.

SCOR Group is subject to supervision by the ACPR which has
extensive oversight authority as Group supervisor but also as local
supervisor for each French insurance or reinsurance company.

Since January 1, 2016, the regulatory solvency position of the
Group has been assessed using SCOR's internal model, which
was approved in November 2015 by the relevant supervisory
authorities.

For additional information on the impact of these regulatory
changes on the Group’s operations and financial position, see
Section 3.2.3.

For a detailed description of new governance requirements, see
Section 2.

Asset management regulations

SCOR Investment Partners SE (formerly known as SCOR Global
Investments SE) is subject to extensive regulation in the various
jurisdictions in which it operates. These regulations are generally
designed to safeguard client assets and ensure the adequacy of
disclosures concerning investment returns, risk characteristics of
invested assets in various funds, suitability of investments for client
investment objectives and risk tolerance, as well as the identity
and qualifications of investment managers. These regulations
generally grant supervisory authorities broad administrative
powers, including the power to limit or restrict the performance
of business activities for failure to comply with such laws and
regulations.

Reform of the European data protection rules

The global reform of the rules of personal data protection,
contained in the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016, in
force since May 24, 2016, updates within the European Union
the principles of personal data processing put by the Directive on
the personal data protection dated October 24, 1995. Companies
shall have to organize their compliance before May 25, 2018.
The main objectives of the reform are (i) the strengthening of
individuals’ rights, to grant them more control over their personal
data and facilitate them the relevant access, (ii) the harmonization
of the applicable laws within the European Union as well as a
system of one-stop shop resulting in closer cooperation between
the Data protection authorities, and finally (iii) a stricter regime of
application according to which the Data protection authorities can
pronounce fines up to 4% of the global turnover of a company
infringing the European regulation.

The Group is also looking into the e-privacy reform, as the
European Commission has precised its position by publishing its
formal proposal on January 10, 2017

In line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this
draft regulation aims at completing the upgrade of personal data
regulation (with an extended scope, changes for internet cookies
and enhancement of data confidentiality).

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 9


--- Page 7 ---

01

10

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Evolution of the regulatory
and compliance environment

The legislative, regulatory and litigation environment in which the
Group operates is constantly changing. In continental Europe,
reinsurers, insurers, asset managers and other financial institutions
could face a danger of increasing the number of legal dispute and
associated costs, as a result of the introduction of class action.

Furthermore, complexity and extraterritorial scope of many
legislations on the fight against financial criminality (fight

1.2.2. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF SCOR

SCOR became a reinsurance company in 1970, at the initiative of
the French government and with the participation of insurers on
the Paris market, to create a reinsurance company of international
stature under the name of Société Commerciale de Réassurance.
SCOR rapidly developed in various world markets, building up a
substantial international portfolio.

At the beginning of the 1980s, the French government's stake in
the Company’s share capital, held through the Caisse Centrale
de Réassurance, was progressively reduced in favor of insurance
companies that were active on the French market (for more
details, see Section 1.2.1 — Introduction).

In 2003, the Group reorganized its Life reinsurance business.
The Group transferred all of the Group’s Life reinsurance business
throughout the world to SCOR Vie and its subsidiaries. SCOR Vie,
whose corporate name was changed to SCOR Global Life in 2006,
and which became a European Company (Societas Europaea)
in 2007, and its subsidiaries, are all directly or indirectly wholly
owned by SCOR SE.

On May 16, 2006, SCOR transferred all of its Non-Life
reinsurance business in Europe, comprising Property & Casualty
Treaties (including Credit and Surety business), large Corporate
Accounts and Construction reinsurance to Société Putéolienne
de Participations, a French subsidiary wholly owned by SCOR,
whose corporate name was changed to SCOR Global P&C, with
retroactive effect from January 1, 2006. In 2007, SCOR Global P&C
adopted the European Company status (Societas Europaea) via a
merger by absorption of SCOR Deutschland Riickversicherungs
AG and SCOR Italia Riassicurazioni SpA.

On November 21, 2006, SCOR completed the acquisition of
Revios Riickversicherung AG (Revios), enabling it to become a
leading worldwide Life reinsurer. Based in Cologne (Germany),
Revios was the former Life reinsurance unit of Gerling Global Re
Group and had successfully developed on a stand-alone basis
from 2002 onward to become one of the leading European
reinsurers specializing in Life reinsurance, with operations in
17 countries. The combination of Revios and SCOR Vie created
SCOR Global Life SE, which is now one of SCOR's three primary
operational subsidiaries (along with SCOR Global P&C SE and
SCOR Global Investments SE, which became SCOR Investment
Partners SE, described below), with responsibility for the Life
reinsurance business.

SCOR‘s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) have not been listed
on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) since June 5, 2007.
The American Depositary Receipt Facility program managed
by The Bank of New York Mellon has been maintained as a

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

against money laundering, financing of terrorism and
corruption, compliance with national and international financial
sanctions) create serious risks of significant penalties in case of
non-compliance. As examples, see the French Law of December 9,
2016 on transparency, fight against corruption and modernization
of the economic life (called “Law Sapin II") and the European
Market Abuse Regulation (called “MAR Regulation”) which came
into force on July 3, 2016.

This complexity is likely to continue and could lead to increased
costs of compliance incurred by financial institutions like SCOR.

sponsored level 1 facility. The ADR securities are now traded on
the US over-the-counter market. SCOR’s obligations to report
to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) ended at
the same time.

In August 2007, SCOR acquired Converium (which became
SCOR Holding (Switzerland) AG (SCOR Holding Switzerland)).
SCOR’s shares were also admitted to trading in Swiss Francs
on the SWX Swiss Exchange (which later became the SIX Swiss
Exchange) in Zurich.

Following the acquisition of Revios and Converium, SCOR
restructured its operations around several regional management
platforms, or “Hubs”, which were phased in gradually.

For more information on the Hub structure, see Section 1.2.3.1
—Brief description of the Group and of the position of the issuer.

On October 29, 2008, SCOR announced its decision to create
SCOR Global Investments SE (which became SCOR Investment
Partners SE), its asset management company (société de gestion de
portefeuille) and third operational entity within the Group along
with SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR Global Life SE. This new
company, incorporated on February 2, 2009, manages SCOR’s
investment portfolio and implements the investment strategy
determined by the Group's Investment Committee chaired by
the Group Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. SCOR Global
Investments SE (which became SCOR Investment Partners SE) was
approved by the AMF as a portfolio management company with
effect from May 15, 2009. As a regulated portfolio management
company, SCOR Investment Partners SE carries out its activities
on an arms-length basis and with the operational independence
required under Article L. 214-9 of the French Monetary and
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).

On December 4, 2009, SCOR Global Life US Reinsurance Company,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, acquired XL Re Life
America Inc., a subsidiary of XL Capital Ltd, for an amount of
EUR 31 million. The acquisition strengthened SCOR Global Life’s
services in the mortality protection field and reinforced its position
in the US Life reinsurance market.

In 2011, the Lloyd's Market Franchise Board approved the creation
of the Channel Syndicate 2015. SCOR is the sole capital provider
for the Channel Syndicate, which in 2011 had an initial stamp
capacity of GBP 75 million. Underwriting by the Channel Syndicate
began on January 5, 2011. The portfolio of the syndicate focuses
on direct insurance business in markets, including property, marine,
accident and health, financial institutions and professional civil
liability.


--- Page 8 ---

On August 9, 2011, SCOR acquired the mortality portfolio of
Transamerica Re, a division of AEGON N.V., for USD 919 million.
The transaction also included the acquisition of an Irish entity,
which underwrote Transamerica Re’s business risks. SCOR
Global Life and Transamerica Re were merged into a new entity
SCOR Global Life in North America: SCOR Global Life Americas
Reinsurance Company (SCOR Global Life Americas).

On May 29, 2013, SCOR acquired a 59.9% stake in the capital
of MRM, a listed real estate company subject to the French REIT
régime (Régime des sociétés d’investissements immobiliers cotées
or SIIC), as part of a cash capital increase, after the restructuring of
MRM group's banking and bond debts. This investment amounted
to EUR 53.3 million.

On October 1, 2013, SCOR acquired Generali’s life reinsurance
operations in the US (Generali U.S. Holdings, Inc. or Generali
U.S.) for total consideration of EUR 573 million (USD 774 million).

1.2.3. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE OF SCOR

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

On April 1, 2014, SCOR announced that it had obtained approval
from Lloyd's, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential
Regulatory Authority in the UK to create a Managing Agent at
Lloyd's. The new Managing Agency, “The Channel Managing
Agency Limited”, has acted as Managing Agent for SCOR’s own
Lloyd's syndicate, Channel 2015, since April 1, 2014.

On September 1, 2014, SCOR announced the creation of a
local entity in Brazil, SCOR Brasil Resseguros SA (SCOR Brasil
Re), following the granting of a license to operate as a Local
Reinsurer beside the Brazilian insurance authority SUSEP on
August 26, 2014.

On August 27, 2015, the English subsidiary SCOR UK Company
Limited created a Canadian branch (SCOR Insurance — Canadian
branch) whose activities started at the beginning of 2016.

In 2016, SCOR SE opened a Composite Branch office in India to
conduct Life and P&C reinsurance business. This branch started
underwriting business in 2017.

The main operational entities of the Group are presented in the chart below'””:

SCOR SE
(France)

SCOR Investment

SCOR Global Life SE SCOR Global P&C SE idiari
(France) (France) Parmer and affiliates
® 0)

1.2.3.1. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP
AND OF THE POSITION
OF THE ISSUER

Group operating companies

The Group parent company whose stock is listed on the Euronext
Paris regulated market is SCOR SE.

The Group is a three engine group driven by SCOR Global Life,
SCOR Global P&C and SCOR Global Investments. The Group’s
organizational choices were guided by the principles of mobilization
of skills and expertise, operating efficiency, structural simplicity,
clear reporting lines and balance between teams from the Group's
different entities.

(1) The full organizational chart is available on SCOR's website www.scor.com.

SCOR Global P&C, the Group’s Non-Life division, operates
worldwide through two of the three main global reinsurance
companies of the Group (SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR SE)
and their insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries and branches
in the EMEA region, including Spain, Italy, Switzerland, the UK,
Germany, South Africa, Russia, the America region and the
Asia-Pacific region, including Australia, China, India, South Korea,
Hong Kong and Singapore. SCOR Global Life, the Group’s Life
division, operates worldwide through two of the three main global
reinsurance companies of the Group (SCOR Global Life SE and
SCOR SE) as well as their insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries
and branches in the EMEA region including Germany, the UK,
Ireland, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Sweden,
Belgium, Russia, South Africa, in the Americas region including
Canada, the US, Latin America, and the Asia-Pacific region

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017.11


--- Page 9 ---

01

12

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

including Australia, New Zealand, China, Hong Kong, Japan,
Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and India and its distribution
and distribution solutions through its specialized subsidiary of
SCOR Global Life SE

SCOR Global Investments, the third division of the Group, manages
the investment portfolio of the Group's legal entities. It is composed
of the Group Investment Office and SCOR Investment Partners SE,
a portfolio management company, approved by the AMF. The
Group Investment Office manages the interaction between the
SCOR Group and SCOR Investment Partners in managing the
risk appetite, monitoring investment risks and setting investment
guidelines. SCOR Investment Partners manages directly the assets
of many SCOR Group subsidiaries and manages also the funds
on the behalf of the Group and third party clients.

The Group’s subsidiaries, branches and offices are connected
through a central network of applications and data exchange
platforms, which allow local access to centralized risk analysis,
underwriting or pricing databases and also gives access to
information on local market conditions, to be shared among the
Group's subsidiaries, branches and offices. In addition, by regularly
rotating personnel between the various locations of the Group,
the Group encourages its underwriters, actuaries, modelers, claims
experts and risk controllers to share and exchange experience
across its various geographic markets and business lines.

SCOR SE wholly owns its operating subsidiaries.

SCOR SE also makes loans to its subsidiaries and issues them
guarantees so that they can underwrite under favorable
conditions, particularly by benefiting from its credit ratings.
SCOR SE provides actuarial, accounting, legal, administrative, IT,
internal audit, investment, and human resources support to Group
subsidiaries. Finally, SCOR SE acts, as needed, as retrocessionaire
for its two operational subsidiaries through annually renewed
proportional treaties which constitute the Group's internal
steering instrument through which it annually allocates capital
to the operating subsidiaries based on the profitability expected
from their underwriting activity. The contracts that formalize the
relationships between SCOR SE and its subsidiaries are presented
in Appendix C — 5.2.9 - Transactions with subsidiaries, affiliates
and others.

The Group’s restructuring

SCOR launched and completed several major restructuring
projects, notably between 2005 and 2010, in order to simplify the
legal structure of the Group and clearly differentiate between the
operations of Life reinsurance subsidiaries and Non-Life reinsurance
subsidiaries, with a view to optimizing the annual allocation of
capital between operations under the Solvency | regime. In the
context of Solvency Il, SCOR announced in September of 2016
that it was considering merging its three reinsurance SE entities
(SCOR SE, SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR Global Life SE) as a
way to optimize its legal entities’ structure. At the date of this
registration document, the merger is on track and is expected
to be completed in 2019.

The “New SCOR” project

As part of the implementation of the New SCOR project announced
in June 2005, SCOR first transferred all of its NonLife reinsurance
business in Europe to Société Putéolienne de Participations (which
became SCOR Global P&C), a French subsidiary wholly owned
by SCOR. Secondly, SCOR SE, SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR
Global Life SE (formerly known as SCOR Vie) adopted European
Company status (Societas Europaea) on June 25, August 3 and
July 25, 2007 respectively.

European Company status enables SCOR SE to strengthen its
European and transnational identity, facilitate acquisitions in
Europe, improve its flexibility in financial matters and capital
allocation, simplify regulatory controls and reduce its local
structures, by giving preference to branches, rather than local
subsidiaries. The Group is thereby demonstrating its ambition to
be a company with European roots and global reach.

Reorganization of the North American entities

Following the 2011 acquisition of the mortality reinsurance
business of Transamerica Re, SCOR Global Life reorganized its
activities in the US and merged SCOR Global Life Reinsurance
Company of America into SCOR Global Life U.S. Reinsurance
Company. SCOR Global Life U.S. Reinsurance Company was
renamed SCOR Global Life Americas Reinsurance Company
(SGL Americas).

Following the 2013 acquisition of Generali U.S. Holding, Inc.,
Generali USA Life Reassurance Company, the primary operating
company, relocated from Missouri to Delaware and was renamed
SCOR Global Life USA Reinsurance Company.

The Hub structure

SCOR has structured its operations around three regional
management platforms, or Hubs: the EMEA Hub, the Americas
Hub and the Asia-Pacific Hub.

Each Hub has local, regional‘ and Group responsibilities, with
the heads of each Hub reporting to the Group Chief Operating
Officer. Each Hub typically includes the following functions: Legal
and Compliance, Information technology support, Finance and
Human Resources. This organization enables:

e SCOR's operational structures and support functions to be
optimized by creating service entities in charge of managing
pooled resources, including information technology, human
resources, legal and others in the Group’s main locations;

e several Group functions to be carried out and managed in
geographical locations other than Paris in order to benefit fully
from the competencies within different Hubs; and

e the Group to develop a global culture while keeping local
specificities.

(1) EMEA Hub: European countries including Russia, Middle East and Africa; Asia-Pacific Hub: Asia and Australia; Americas Hub: North America and latin America.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR


--- Page 10 ---

The Hubs are not responsible for generating revenues or for
underwriting or claims management. The local underwriting and
claims management teams have direct reporting lines within the
respective P&C and Life divisions. Hub-shared service costs are
then allocated to the divisions.

Management reviews the operating results of the Non-Life and
Life operating segments individually to assess the operational
performance of the business and to allocate resources. For more
information on SCOR's operating segments, see Section 4.6.4
Note 4 - Segment information.

The Hub structure is designed to facilitate access to local
markets through a network of local subsidiaries, branches and
representative offices, to better identify profit centers in each
major reinsurance market, obtain a deeper understanding of the
specific features of local risks and develop local management and
underwriting expertise, and thereby improve customer service
and maintain relationships with ceding companies. Since the
acquisition of the mortality reinsurance business, including the
operational assets and personnel, of Transamerica Re, and the
acquisition of Generali U.S. Holding Inc., Charlotte, North Carolina,
and Kansas City, Missouri, have become key locations for the
Life division. As part of these integrations, Charlotte and Kansas
City have joined New York as key competence centers for the
Americas Hub.

1.2.4. RATINGS INFORMATION

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.3.2. LIST OF ISSUER’S SIGNIFICANT
SUBSIDIARIES AND BRANCHES

See:

e Section 1.2.3 - Organizational structure of SCOR;

e Appendix C — 5.2.1 — Investments;

e Section 4.6.22 Note 22 — Related party transactions;

e Section 4.6.2.1 — Significant subsidiaries, investments in
associates and joint ventures;

Section 4.7 - Information on holdings;

e Section 1.2.3.1 — Brief description of the Group and of the
position of the issuer (regarding the role of SCOR towards its
subsidiaries);

e Section 4.6.3 Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals;

e Section 2.1.2 - Board of Directors (regarding the duties carried
out in the subsidiaries by the managers of the Company);

e Section 2.1.4 — Executive Committee (regarding the duties carried
out in the subsidiaries by the managers of the Company); and

e Section 2.3.3 - Special report of the Statutory Auditors on
related party agreements and commitments.

The Company and some of its insurance subsidiaries are rated by recognized rating agencies.

At December 31, 2017, the relevant ratings for the Company were as follows":

Financial Strength Senior Debt Subordinated Debt
Ci.sest) At b
Gos> stable outlook aa @
FitchRatings stable outlook At A
, met N/A A2 (hyb)

Moopy’s stable outlook y

S&P Global ad AA- A

S&P Global stable outlook

On September 7, 2017, SCOR was informed of the decision by
Standard & Poor's (S&P) to affirm the financial strength rating
for the Group and its main subsidiaries at “AA-", with a “stable
outlook”, as in the previous year, and to maintain the counterparty
credit ratings at “AA-/A-1+".

On September 1, 2017, A.M. Best upgraded SCOR’s insurance
financial strength rating to “A+” (Superior) from “A” (Excellent),
and the long-term issuer credit rating to “aa-" from “a+”.
The outlooks are stable. According to A.M. Best, this decision
reflects “SCOR‘s track record of strong and resilient operating
profitability and its very strong risk-adjusted capitalization, despite
persisting challenging market conditions”, adding that “the
ratings also reflect SCOR’s excellent business profile as a tier
1 reinsurer, its well-diversified portfolio of Non-Life and Life
reinsurance, and the Group's excellent enterprise risk management
(ERM) framework.”

On July 27, 2017, Fitch Ratings affirmed SCOR’s insurer financial
strength rating at “AA-" and long-term issuer default Rating at
“A+", as in the previous year. Fitch Ratings also affirmed the
ratings of SCOR’s main subsidiaries. The outlooks remain stable.

On September 23, 2016, Moody’s upgraded SCOR's insurance
financial strength rating to “Aa3” from "A1", and its subordinated
debt rating to “A2” (hyb) from “A3” (hyb). According to Moody's,
this decision reflects the “Group's improved franchise, its diversified
business profile and lower exposure than peers to the segments
currently under the most pricing pressure, a continued high
stability of profits and strong and stable capitalization.”

For more information on risks arising from credit ratings, please
see Section 3.2.4 — Downgrade risk.

(1) Sources: www.standardandpoors.com; www.ambest.com; www.moodys.com and www.fitchratings.com.

SOOR Registration Document 2017

01

13


--- Page 11 ---

01

14

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW.

Since 2002, SCOR has defined its strategy and principle orientations
through the creation of six successive three-year plans: “Back on
Track” (2002-2004), “Moving Forward” (2004-2007), “Dynamic
Lift” (2007-2010), “Strong Momentum” (2010-2013), “Optimal
Dynamics” (2013-2016) and “Vision in Action” (2016-2019). The
success of its various plans, along with the Group’s acquisitions of
Revios (in 2006), Converium (in 2007), Transamerica Re (in 2011)
and Generali U.S. (in 2013), has contributed to the diversification
strategy by balancing the proportion of the consolidated premiums
written between its Non-Life and Life segments and has enabled
the Group to preserve both its solvency and its profitability.

In September 2016, SCOR launched its current three-year
strategic plan, “Vision in Action”. This plan covers the period
from mid-2016 to mid-2019. It respects SCOR’s four strategic
cornerstones, which are:

e a strong franchise, achieved by:

— deepening its presence in the local Non-Life and Life markets
in which SCOR operates by strengthening client relationships
through best-in-class services and product innovation, and

— further developing the Non-Life US franchise and expanding in
fast-growing Asia-Pacific Life markets through organic growth;

e a high degree of diversification of Non-Life and Life business
and geographical presence, providing more stable results and
robust capital diversification benefits;

e acontrolled risk appetite on both sides of the balance sheet; and

© a robust capital shield policy (see Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques).

With “Vision in Action”, SCOR continues to focus on its two

equally weighted strategic targets, profitability and solvency

a ROE above 800 basis points above the five-year rolling average
of five-year risk-free rates over the cycle;

© an optimal solvency ratio in the 185-220% range (percentage
of SCR, according to the internal model)".

It also affirms the Group’s consistent shareholder compensation
policy set by the SCOR’s Board of Directors. SCOR aims to
remunerate shareholders through cash dividends, and if relevant,
does not exclude special dividends or share buy-backs. Overall,
the Board will aim to maintain a minimum dividend payout of
35% over the cycle, while pursuing low variation in the dividend
per share from year to year.

SCOR’s risk appetite framework

SCOR‘s risk appetite framework is an integral part of the Group’s
strategic plan. It is approved by the Board of Directors upon the
review of new strategic plans, based on recommendations from
the Group's Executive Committee and the Risk Committee of the
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may vary the amount
and the composition of risk that the Group is prepared to take.

SCOR‘s risk appetite framework encompasses four concepts: risk
appetite, risk preferences, risk tolerances, and footprint scenarios

Risk appetite

Risk appetite defines the quantity of risk that SCOR is willing to
accept to achieve a desired level of profitability. This determines
where the Group wishes to position itself on the assumed risk-
expected return spectrum, between extremely risk averse (low
risk-low return) and extreme risk taker (high risk-high return).
SCOR uses a target solvency ratio as well as a target expected
profitability. These two components provide a comprehensive
definition of its risk appetite. The Group actual solvency ratio
and profitability profile are regularly reported to the Board of
Directors via the Risk Committee.

Risk preferences

Risk preferences are qualitative descriptions of the risks which
SCOR is willing to accept. The Group aims to cover a wide range
of reinsurance risks and geographical areas. On the other hand,
it has no desire to take operational, legal, regulatory, tax or
reputational risks. This does not mean that the Group is immune
to these risks. These risk preferences determine the risks to be
included in the Group’s underwriting guidelines.

Risk tolerances

Risk tolerances are the limits required by SCOR’s stakeholders
(e.g. clients, shareholders, regulators, etc.). The Board of Directors
defines and approves risk tolerance limits for the Group in terms
of solvency by risk driver, and extreme scenario in order to ensure
that the Group's risk profile remains aligned with its risk appetite
framework. SCOR uses various risk assessment measures to verify
that its exposures remain within these limits. These measures can
take several forms depending on the technical constraints or the
level of information available and are based on either internal
model outputs, scenarios or expert opinions.

Footprint scenarios

Footprint scenarios are an innovative and complementary risk
management tool. Whereas risk drivers and extreme scenarios are
probability-based, the footprint approach consists of carrying out
an impact assessment on the Group under a deterministic scenario.
This approach is complementary to a probability-based view.

Taking into account SCOR’s current exposure and all risk mitigation
instruments, footprint scenarios provide impact assessments
of past events on the Group’s actual solvency ratio, liquidity,
and current operations. SCOR regularly produces and evaluates
footprint scenarios, providing comfort that the impact of such
events on the Group's current solvency would be limited.

(1) Ratio between the Eligible Own Funds (EOF) and the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR).

Registration Document 2017 SOOR


--- Page 12 ---

1.2.5.1. THE REINSURANCE BUSINESS

Principles

Reinsurance is a contract under which a company, the reinsurer,
agrees to indemnify an insurance company, the ceding company,
against all or part of the insurance risks underwritten by the ceding
company under one or more insurance contracts. Reinsurance
differs from insurance, primarily because of its higher level of
mutualization by geography and by line of business.

Functions

Reinsurance has four essential functions:

it offers the direct insurer greater security for its capital and
solvency, as well as protection against the potentially high
volatility of results when abnormally high frequency or severity
of losses or events occur, by covering the direct insurer above
certain contractually set amounts per event or in the aggregate;

it allows insurers to increase the maximum amount they can
insure for a given loss or series of losses by enabling them to
underwrite a greater number of risks, or larger risks, without
excessively raising their need to cover their solvency margin
and, therefore, to increase their capital base;

e it gives insurers access to substantial available liquidity in the
event of major loss events; and

it provides insurers with efficient alternative capital solutions.

Reinsurance, however, does not discharge the ceding company
from its liability to policyholders. Reinsurers themselves may feel
the need to transfer some of the risks underwritten and/or some
of the accumulated exposures derived from such risks to other
reinsurers (known as retrocessionaires).

In addition, reinsurers may also provide advisory services to ceding
companies by:

e helping them define their reinsurance needs and devise the
most effective reinsurance program to better plan their capital
needs and solvency margin;

e supplying a wide panel of support services, particularly in terms
of knowledge sharing, best practices and risk assessment,
modeling and management tools;

© providing expertise in certain highly specialized areas such as
complex risk analysis and pricing; and

e enabling ceding companies to build up their business, particularly
when launching new products requiring significant upfront
investment or financing or when investing in new markets
by starting their own operations or acquiring portfolios or
companies.

Reinsurers, including SCOR, are usually compensated for the
provision of such advisory services through the cedents’ reinsurance
premiums, rather than through fee-based compensation.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Types of reinsurance

Treaty and facultative

The two basic types of reinsurance arrangements are treaty and
facultative reinsurance.

In treaty reinsurance, the ceding company is contractually
bound to cede and the reinsurer is bound to assume a specified,
contractually defined portion of a type or category of risks insured
by the ceding company. Treaty reinsurers, including SCOR, do not
separately evaluate each of the individual risks assumed under
their treaties and, consequently, after a review of the ceding
company’s underwriting practices, they are dependent on the
original underwriting decisions made by the ceding company’s
primary policy writers.

In facultative reinsurance, the ceding company cedes and the
reinsurer assumes all or part of the risks covered by a particular
specified insurance policy or by insurance policies covering a
specific ultimate group insured as part of the same program.
Facultative reinsurance is negotiated separately for each insurance
policy that is reinsured. Facultative reinsurance is normally
purchased by ceding companies for individual risks not covered
by their reinsurance treaties, for amounts in excess of the monetary
limits of their reinsurance treaties or for unusual risks. Underwriting
expenses and, in particular, personnel costs, are higher relative
to premiums written on facultative business because each risk
is individually underwritten and administered. The ability to
separately evaluate each risk reinsured, however, increases the
probability that the underwriter can price the contract more
accurately to reflect the risks involved.

Proportional and non-proportional reinsurance

Both treaty and facultative reinsurance can be written on (i) a
proportional (or quota share) basis and/or (ii) a non-proportional
(or excess of loss or stop loss) basis.

With respect to proportional (or quota share) reinsurance, the
reinsurer, in return for a predetermined portion or share of the
insurance premium charged by the ceding company, indemnifies
the ceding company against the same portion of the losses under
the covered insurance contract(s). In the case of reinsurance
written on a non-proportional basis, through an excess of loss
or a stop loss contract basis, the reinsurer indemnifies the ceding
company against all or a specified portion of the loss sustained,
on a claim by claim basis or for amounts incurred, in excess of a
specified amount, known as the ceding company’s retention or
reinsurer’s attachment point, and up to a negotiated reinsurance
contract limit.

Although the frequency of losses under a quota share reinsurance
contract is usually greater than on an excess of loss contract, it
is generally simpler to predict the losses on a quota share basis
and the terms and conditions of a quota share contract can be
structured to limit the indemnity offered under the contract.
A quota share reinsurance contract therefore does not necessarily
imply that a reinsurance company assumes greater risk exposure
than on an excess of loss contract.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 15


--- Page 13 ---

01

16

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Excess of loss reinsurance is often written in layers. One or a
group of reinsurers accepts a tranche or layer of risk above the
ceding company’s retention up to a specified amount, at which
point another reinsurer or a group of reinsurers accepts the next
layer of liability. The stacked layers protecting the same underlying
portfolio are called a program, and after protection from the
upper layer is exhausted liability reverts to the ceding company.
The reinsurer taking on the risk immediately above the ceding
company’s retention layer is said to write primary or working layer
or low layer excess of loss reinsurance. A loss just above the ceding
company’s retention will create a loss for the lower layer reinsurer,
but not for the reinsurers on the higher layers. Loss activity in
lower layer reinsurance tends to be more predictable than in
higher layers due to greater historical frequency, and therefore,
like quota share reinsurance, underwriters and actuaries have
more data to price the underlying risks with greater confidence.

Premiums payable by the ceding company to a reinsurer for excess
of loss reinsurance are not directly proportional to the premiums
that the ceding company receives because the reinsurer does not
assume a direct proportion of the risk. In contrast, premiums
that the ceding company pays to the reinsurer for quota share
reinsurance are proportional to the premiums that the ceding
company receives, consistent with the proportional sharing of risk.
In addition, in quota share reinsurance, the reinsurer generally
pays the ceding company a ceding commission. The ceding
commission is usually based on the ceding company’s cost of
acquiring the business being reinsured, including commissions,
premium taxes, assessments and miscellaneous administrative
expenses, and also may include a partial repayment of profit for
producing the business.

Breakdown of the Group’s business

The Group is organized into three divisions (SCOR Global P&C,
SCOR Global Life and SCOR Global Investments), of which there
are two reportable operating segments, and one corporate cost
center referred to as “Group Functions”. The reportable operating
segments are: the SCOR Global P&C business, with responsibility
for property and casualty insurance and reinsurance (also referred
to in this Registration Document as “Non-Life”); and the SCOR
Global Life business, with responsibility for Life reinsurance (also
referred to in this Registration Document as “Life”). These two
businesses represent SCOR’s two “operating segments” for
purposes of IFRS 8 — Operating segments, and are presented
as such in its consolidated financial statements, included in
Section 4 — Consolidated financial statements. Each operating
segment underwrites different types of risks and offers different
products and services, which are marketed via separate channels;
responsibilities and reporting within the Group are established on
the basis of this structure. SCOR Global Investments is the asset
management division of the Group. Its role is complementary to
the two operating segments as it manages SCOR Global P&C's
and SCOR Global Life’s investment assets associated with the
contract liabilities. SCOR Global Investments also manages assets
on behalf of third parties although these activities are currently
not considered material. Therefore, SCOR Global Investments
is not considered a separate reportable operating segment for
purposes of IFRS 8 — Operating segments.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

The Group organizes its operations around three regional
management platforms, or “Hubs” named EMEA Hub, Asia-Pacific
Hub and Americas Hub. Each main location of the Hubs has local,
regional and Group responsibilities, with the managing directors
of each Hub reporting to the Group Chief Operating Officer. Each
Hub includes the following functions: Legal and Compliance,
Information Technology support, Finance and Human Resources.
Hub shared service costs are allocated to the segments based
on allocation keys. For a description of the Hub structure, see
Section 1.2.3 — Organizational structure of SCOR

The SCOR Global P&C segment carries out its global operations
through the subsidiaries and branches of its two main global
reinsurance entities (SCOR Global P&C SE and SCOR SE). Through
those entities, their subsidiaries and branches, SCOR Global P&C
is represented in three business regions EMEA, the Americas
and Asia/Pacific and operates in four business areas: Property
and Casualty Treaties; Specialty Treaties (including Credit and
Surety, Decennial Insurance, Aviation, Space, Marine, Engineering,
Agriculture risks and Alternative Solutions); Business Solutions
(large corporate accounts underwritten through facultative
insurance and reinsurance contracts and occasionally as direct
insurance); and Business Ventures and Partnerships. In addition,
SCOR Global P&C writes direct insurance, primarily on a business-
to-business basis to cover certain large industrial P&C risks through
the Business Solutions area of SCOR Global P&C and through the
participation in Lloyd's syndicates among which Channel 2015
for which SCOR is the sole capital provider. For a description of
products and services, see Section 1.2.5.2 — Non-Life reinsurance.

The SCOR Global Life segment operates worldwide through the
subsidiaries and branches of the global reinsurance companies
SCOR Global Life SE and SCOR SE. Via this network SCOR Global
Life is represented in three business regions Americas, EMEA and
Asia/Pacific reinsuring Life and Health insurance risks along the
three product lines Protection, Longevity and Financial Solutions
with a strong focus on biometric risks. In order to achieve this,
SCOR Global Life manages and optimizes the in-force book,
deepens the franchise and has the best team, organization and
tools. The franchise strategy is composed of three elements, which
are the expansion of the footprint in protection to defend and
strengthen market presence around the world, the diversification
of the risk profile by growing health and longevity, and growth of
consumer demand by supporting clients with unique distribution
solutions. SCOR Global Life aims to achieve diversification, both
from a geographical and a product lines perspective. For a
description of products and services, see Section 1.2.5.3 - Life
reinsurance.

SCOR'‘s cost center is referred to in this Registration Document as
“Group Functions”. Group Functions is not an operating segment
and does not generate revenues. The costs in Group Functions are
Group-related and are not directly attributable to either the P&C
or Life segment, but those costs that are indirectly attributable
are allocated to the operating segments based on suitable
allocation keys. Group Functions includes the cost of departments
fulfilling duties for the benefit of the whole Group, such as Group
Internal Audit, Group Finance departments (Tax, Accounting,
Consolidation and Reporting, Financial Communication, Treasury
and Capital Management, Financial Planning and Analysis), Group


--- Page 14 ---

Chief Operating Officer departments (Legal and Compliance,
Communication, Human Resources, Information Technology,
Cost Controlling and Budgeting) and Group Chief Risk Officer
departments (Actuarial, Risk Management, Prudential Affairs,
Internal Modeling).

SCOR Global P&C and SCOR Global Life, through their
respective legal entities, are leading global reinsurers, executing
an underwriting policy focused on profitability, developing
value-added services and adhering to a cautious financial policy.
As at December 31, 2017, the Group served more than 4,000
clients throughout the world. SCOR’s strategy of offering both
P&C and Life products provides it with the benefits of balanced
diversification (in terms of risks, geography and markets), which
is a cornerstone of its strategy.

1.2.5.2. NON-LIFE REINSURANCE

SCOR's Non-Life segment is divided into four business areas:

e Property and Casualty Treaties;

© Specialty Treaties;

e Business Solutions (underwriting of large corporate accounts); and
e Business Ventures and Partnerships.

Property and Casualty Treaties

SCOR'‘s Property and Casualty Treaties business area underwrites
proportional and non-proportional reinsurance treaties.

Property

SCOR’s property treaties typically cover damage to the underlying
assets (automobiles, commercial premises or industrial sites) and
direct or contingent business interruption losses caused by fire
or other perils, including natural catastrophes.

Casualty

SCOR's casualty treaties typically cover original risks of general
liability, product liability or professional indemnity. Accordingly,
they include treaties covering motor liability and general third-party
liability. Motor liability reinsurance covers property damage, bodily
injuries and other risks arising from the coverage of both drivers
and passengers in private vehicles and commercial fleets.

Specialty Treaties

The Group's main Specialty reinsurance activities include Credit and
Surety, Decennial Insurance, Aviation, Space, Marine, Engineering,
Agricultural Risks and Alternative Solutions. SCOR underwrites
these risks through proportional and non-proportional treaties
as well as facultative reinsurance.

Credit and Surety

Under credit insurance, the insurer covers the risk of losses from
the non-payment of commercial debts. Surety insurance is a
contract under which a guarantor makes a commitment to a
beneficiary to perform or pay the obligation of the secured debtor.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Political risk insurance covers the risk of losses due to measures
taken by a government or similar entity which endangers the
existence of a sales contract or commitment made by a public or
private company of the country in which the covered operations
are performed.

Decennial Insurance

According to laws in France, Italy and Spain, as well as in other
jurisdictions, or by contractual obligation, decennial insurance
must be purchased to cover major structural defects and collapse
for a certain period, typically ten years after completion of
construction

Aviation

Aviation insurance covers damage caused to aircraft, injuries
to persons transported and damage to third parties caused by
aircraft or air navigation, as well as losses resulting from products
manufactured by companies in the aerospace sector.

Space

Insurance for the space sector covers the launch preparation,
launch, and the in-orbit operation of satellites, primarily
commercial telecommunication and earth observation satellites.

Marine

Marine Insurance includes insurance for hull and cargo as well
as shipbuilding insurance. It also includes insurance for fixed and
mobile offshore oil and gas units in construction and in operation

Engineering

Engineering insurance, which is divided into Construction All
Risks and Erection All Risks insurance, includes basic Property
and Casualty coverage and may be extended to the financial
consequences of a delay in start-up (advanced loss of profits)
caused by losses indemnifiable under Property and Casualty
coverage.

Agricultural Risks

SCOR Global P&C provides insurance/reinsurance solutions in the
field of multiple peril crop, aquaculture, forestry and livestock
insurance.

Alternative Solutions

To cope with the broader needs of reinsurance buyers in
transferring risk, and to benefit from these changes by broadening
its services to clients, the Group has developed within the SCOR
Global P&C division a dedicated center of expertise that provides
insurance and corporate clients with a wider range of hybrid
reinsurance solutions for the transformation, financing or transfer
of risks. Consequently, the Group is able to assist clients in their
active and effective capital management. This business unit
combines the division's expertise in terms of Structured Risk
Transfer (SRT), Alternative Risk Financing (ARF) and Insurance
Linked Securities (ILS).

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 17


--- Page 15 ---

01

18

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Business Solutions

The Group's activity in the Business Solutions area covers all
insurable risks of industrial groups and services companies
(large corporate accounts). These risks are underwritten through
facultative insurance and reinsurance contracts, and occasionally
as direct insurance, in an international network around two main
business departments: “Natural Resources” and “Industrial &
Commercial Risks”.

Natural Resources

Natural Resources insurance covers midstream and downstream
business (mainly the oil and gas, refining, petrochemicals,
liquefaction, gasification, power generation and distribution,
new energy sources and mining sectors), and upstream business
(oil and gas exploration and production, offshore construction),
shipbuilding groups and oil services companies.

Industrial & Commercial Risks

Industrial & Commercial Risks insurance covers manufacturing
and heavy industries (automotive, pulp and paper, aeronautics/
defense, high tech) and finance and services (infrastructures,
intellectual services, general contractors, distribution and trading).

Business Solutions is aimed at risk managed enterprises and
professional buyers seeking global risk financing solutions. The risks
shared with the ceding and/or captive insurance companies are
high-value industrial or technically complex risks. In property and
casualty lines, such as Property Damage & Business Interruption,
Construction All Risks, Erection All Risks, Comprehensive General
Liability, Product Liability or Professional Indemnity, the risks
involve insured amounts which typically are beyond the ceding
companies’ own means.

Business Ventures and Partnerships

SCOR's Business Ventures and Partnerships business area
historically included the provision of capital to third-party
businesses, including Lloyd’s syndicates. SCOR contributes to
several Lloyd’s syndicates, including Channel 2015, for which
SCOR is the sole capital provider.

SCOR has an ongoing partnership agreement with GAUM (Global
Aerospace Underwriting Managers)

The Group also participates in insurance and reinsurance pools,
mainly Assuratome and Assurpol.

1.2.5.3. LIFE REINSURANCE

SCOR‘s Global Life segment underwrites Life reinsurance business
in the following product lines:

e Protection;
e Financial Solutions;
e Longevity.

Protection

Protection encompasses traditional Life reinsurance business on
living and death benefits. The main risks undertaken are mortality,

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

morbidity and behavioral risks for individuals and groups of
individuals. Protection is predominantly underwritten in the form of
proportional treaties (quota share, surplus basis or a combination of
both). Quota share treaties include structures whereby SCOR Global
Life’s exposure is identical to those of its clients, and risk-based
premium structures whereby treaty conditions differ from those of
the underlying policies. A minority of the portfolio is underwritten
in the form of non-proportional contracts: excess of loss per person,
catastrophe excess of loss or stop loss.

The Protection reinsurance market, as well as SCOR Global
Life’s Protection portfolio, is characterized by the dominance of
long-term contractual relationships. SCOR Global Life also writes
short-term Protection business, in markets and product lines in
which this is common practice.

Protection covers the following products and risks in reinsurance
arrangements:

Mortality

Mortality protection represents more than 60% of the SCOR
Global Life portfolio based on gross written premiums for the year
ended December 31, 2017. SCOR Global Life actively underwrites
mortality risk in all the geographical markets in which it operates.

Disability

Disability insurance mitigates the loss of income when the insured
is totally or partially unable to continue his or her professional
occupation or any occupation for which he or she is suited due
to sickness or accident.

Long-Term Care

Long-Term Care (LTC) insurance covers the inability of the insured
to perform predefined activities of daily living, resulting in the
insured needing constant assistance from another person.

Critical Illness

Critical Illness (Cl) insurance typically pays a lump sum benefit,
to be used at the policyholder’s discretion, if the insured suffers
from a serious condition and survives a defined period

Medical

Medical insurance covers medical and surgical expenses incurred
by the insured person.

Personal Accident

Personal Accident insurance pays a lump sum benefit, if the
insured person dies or is seriously injured as a result of an accident.

Financial Solutions

Financial Solutions combines traditional Life reinsurance with
financial components providing liquidity, balance sheet, solvency
and/or income improvements to the client. This type of reinsurance
treaty is typically used by cedents to fund growth, stabilize earnings
or optimize their solvency position (capital relief).


--- Page 16 ---

Longevity

Longevity products cover the risk of negative deviation from
expected results due to the insured or annuitant living longer
than assumed in the pricing of the cover provided by insurers
or pension funds.

1.2.5.4. UNDERWRITING, DISTRIBUTION,
CATASTROPHE RISK,
CLAIMS AND RESERVES

For information on underwriting, catastrophe risk, claims and
reserves, see Section 3.3.1.4 - Management of underwriting risks
related to the P&C business and Section 3.3.2.7 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the Life reinsurance business.

Distribution by production source

Reinsurance can be written through professional reinsurance brokers
or directly from ceding companies. The involvement of a broker in
the placement of a reinsurance contract is a decision belonging to
the ceding insurance company, which depends on local market
practices, the cedent’s worldwide reinsurance market knowledge,
the complexity of the risks the cedent intends to transfer and the
corresponding available reinsurance capacity in the market, as
well as the cedent’s capability and resources to structure market
submission data, place risks and manage the placements. In most of
the cases, reinsurance programs are syndicated to several reinsurers,
which follow a leader, and in some instances a co-leader.

The proportion of brokered and direct business written by the
Group's subsidiaries varies according to market and cedent
practices. For the year ended December 31, 2017, Non-Life wrote
approximately 60% of gross written premiums through brokers
and 40% through direct business, while Life wrote approximately
6% through brokers and approximately 94% through direct
business.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, SCOR‘s largest brokers
for the Non-Life division were Aon Group with approximately
18% of the Group’s Non-Life gross written premiums, MMC with
approximately 18% and Willis Group with approximately 11%.
SCOR’s largest brokers for the Life division were Aon Group with
approximately 1% of the Group’s Life gross written premiums
and Willis Group with less than 1%.

The direct reinsurance market remains an important distribution
channel for reinsurance business written by the Group. Direct
placement of reinsurance enables SCOR to access clients who
prefer to place their reinsurance partly or in totality directly with
reinsurers based upon the reinsurer’s in-depth understanding of
the ceding company’s needs.

1.2.5.5. CAPITAL SHIELD STRATEGY

The Group reconciles its strategic objectives with the protection
of its capital via its “Capital Shield Strategy”, which articulates
the Group’s risk appetite. This strategy is based on an economic
approach and aims to protect the Group against potential shock
losses. The policy builds on the following four concepts: traditional
retrocession, capital market solutions, the solvency scale and the
contingent capital facility.

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

For more information on the capital, refer to Section 1.3.6.1 —
Capital. For more information on the Capital Shield Strategy,
refer to Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk mitigation
techniques. For information on the Group's solvency scale, refer
to Section 1.3.7 — Solvency. and Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 12 — Information on
share capital, capital management, regulatory framework and
consolidated reserves. For information on the Atlas structured
entities used in the Capital Shield Strategy, refer to Section 4.6 —
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 2 —- Scope
of consolidation.

1.2.5.6. INVESTMENTS

Investment philosophy and process

In 2008, SCOR decided to internalize the management of its
insurance business investment portfolio, in order to implement its
investment strategy centrally and globally, with strict monitoring
of the risk appetite and a dynamic positioning according to an
enhanced asset liability management (ALM) process, integrating
economic and market expectations.

The investment portfolio is positioned dynamically in order to
optimize the financial contribution from the investment portfolio
to the Group's results and capital allocation. SCOR follows a
capital-driven investment process, ensuring through a very strict
ALM process that the tactical asset allocation is aligned with
the Group's risk appetite. Meanwhile, the Group has set very
stringent risk limits (value at risk “VaR”, investment guidelines)
that enable permanent monitoring of limits to protect the Group
from extreme market events and severe loss scenarios.

SCOR has set up a rigorous governance process and an
ERM-focused organizational structure:

e the Board of Directors approves risk appetite, risk limits
and as a consequence, the capital allocated to insurance
business investments on the basis of the Risk Committee's
recommendations;

e the Executive Committee approves the overall investment
strategy and the macro-positioning of the investment
portfolio on the basis of the Group Investment Committee’s
recommendation.

The Group’s asset management mandate, assigned to SCOR
Global Investments, consists of:

© proposing the macro-positioning of the invested assets portfolio
in line with the approved risk appetite and risk limits, respecting
a strict ALM process, economic and market expectations,
accounting rules and a strict foreign exchange congruency
matching between assets and liabilities;

e implementing the investment strategy;

e optimizing the absolute return on invested assets and
focusing on the recurrence of yields while controlling their
volatility. This objective is achieved through active and dynamic
management of the portfolio, the identification of cycles and
market opportunities and strict qualitative and quantitative
risk management.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 19


--- Page 17 ---

01

20

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

Group Investment Committee

The Group Investment Committee is chaired by the Group’s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and is composed of the
Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group Chief Risk Officer, the
Chief Economist, the Chief Executive Officer of SCOR Global P&C,
the Chief Executive Officer of SCOR Global Life, the Chief Executive
Officer of SCOR Investment Partners and other representatives
of SCOR Global Investments. The Group Investment Committee
meets at least each quarter and defines the strategic and tactical
asset allocation as well as the risk appetite of the Group.

SCOR Global Investments

SCOR Global Investments is the SCOR Group’s asset management
division and consists of two entities: (i) the Group Investment
Office and (ii) a regulated asset management company, SCOR
Investment Partners.

Group Investment Office

The Group Investment Office manages the interaction between
the SCOR Group and SCOR Investment Partners in managing the
risk appetite, monitoring investment risks and setting investment
guidelines. It is also responsible for portfolio monitoring and reporting,
development of the Group's strategic and operating plans, financial
forecasts and performance analysis of SCOR’s investments.

SCOR Investment Partners

SCOR Investment Partners centralizes the management of all
the assets of the Group entities, however in some jurisdictions,
such management is delegated to external asset managers.
The SCOR Investment Partners investment team is organized
around six asset management desks:

© aggregate, focusing on rates, covered bonds and investment
grade credit;

© credit, focusing on high yield debt and on leveraged loans;

e equities and convertible bonds;

e infrastructure loans;

e Insurance-Linked Securities (ILS); and

e direct real estate investments and real estate loans.

Based on the expertise initially developed for the management

of the SCOR Group's invested assets, SCOR Investment Partners

decided in 2012 to open some of its investment strategies to

third-party investors. While this business currently remains in the

development phase, SCOR Investment Partners is maintaining

good momentum and is increasing its third-party assets, which

stood at EUR 2.2 billion as at December 31, 2017 (including

undrawn commitments).

SCOR Investment Partners benefits from third-party asset
management through management fees on the assets under
management. SCOR Investment Partners has seven investment
strategies which are open to third parties with funds in key
products such as High Yield, Private Debt (corporate, infrastructure
and real estate loans), ILS and Convertible Bonds.

1.2.5.7. DEPENDENCY OF THE ISSUER WITH
RESPECT TO PATENTS OR LICENSES,
INDUSTRIAL, COMMERCIAL
OR FINANCIAL CONTRACTS AND
NEW MANUFACTURING PROCESSES

See Sections 3 — Risk factors and risk management mechanisms
and 1.2.6.2 — Research and development, patents and licenses.

1.2.6. SCOR INVESTMENTS IN TANGIBLE AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS.

1.2.6.1. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Major existing or planned property,
plant and equipment

SCOR owns offices in Paris (France), Cologne (Germany), London
(UK), Singapore and Madrid (Spain), where its local subsidiaries and
branches have their corporate offices. Any surplus space is leased to
third parties as part of SCOR’s investment management business.
The Group leases office space for its other business locations. It
leases space separate from its head office for business continuity
planning purposes. The Group believes that the Group's offices in
each country in which it operates are adequate for its current needs.

SCOR owns a 5,100 m? office and retail leasehold building
at 10 Lime Street in London. As at December 31, 2017, the
building was occupied at 79% by SCOR for its London Hub office.
The remaining space was rented to third parties. SCOR owns a
second building in London at 32 Lime Street with a surface area
of 1,800 m? and fully occupied for its London Hub office.

SCOR owns an office building in Paris, with a surface area of
more than 20,000 m?, located at 5, avenue Kléber. The building
is held by its OPCI (French real estate UCIT) SCOR-Properties, and
occupied at 85% by SCOR, the remaining area being rented to

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

third parties. In November 2016, a second building at 50 rue La
Pérouse with a surface area of 1,500 m? was acquired. The building
was delivered in January 2017 and SCOR employees moved in in
May 2017. The Group is continuing to lease one floor of SCOR’s
former headquarters (La Défense, Paris) for IT projects.

In Cologne, since 2012 SCOR fully occupies an office building with
asurface area of more than 6,000 m’ located at 10, Goebenstrasse,
held by the German branch of SCOR SE “SCOR Riickversicherung
Direktion fiir Deutschland, Niederlassung der SCOR SE”.

In October 2013, SCOR Reinsurance Asia Pacific PTE LTD, signed a
sale and purchase agreement to acquire two floors in a leasehold
building under construction in Singapore. In subsequent years
additional floors were acquired in the same building. The building
is now completed and SCOR Singapore team moved into the new
spaces during the spring of 2017.

SCOR owns an office area of 1,600 m? in Madrid which is occupied
by SCOR Global Life SE Iberica Sucursal for its operational needs.

SCOR also holds additional property investments as part of its
asset management strategy.

For more information on the Group’s real estate, see Section 4.6
— Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 9 —
Miscellaneous assets and Note 7 — Insurance business investments


--- Page 18 ---

Environmental issues that may affect
the utilization of property, plant and equipment

See the social and environmental report in Appendix D, Note 2
— Environmental impact of SCOR’s activity.

1.2.6.2. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT,
PATENTS AND LICENSES

Research and development activities

In order to ensure that the Life division is continually up-to-date
with biometric trends and scientific developments, the expertise
of seven dedicated Research & Development (R&D) Centers is
used to analyze and assess the key factors underlying mortality,
longevity, morbidity and policyholder behavior. Biometric risks
such as mortality, longevity, disability and long-term care are at
the heart of underwriting in Life reinsurance. Since these risks
are subject to shocks and various trends, SCOR Global Life closely
monitors their developments in:

e R&D Center for Mortality Insurance: carrying out mortality
studies on life portfolios, enhancing modeling for pricing,
reserving and capital modeling and providing support in setting
assumptions for new business, in particular new products, and
reserving;

R&D Center for Longevity Insurance: carrying out mortality
studies on pension and annuity portfolios, enhancing risk
modeling for pricing, reserving and capital modeling and
providing support in setting assumptions for new business, in
particular new products, and reserving;

R&D Center for Long-Term Care (LTC) and Disability Insurance:
providing support in the development of LTC and disability
products (definitions, pricing, guidelines) and the monitoring
of the corresponding portfolios;

R&D Center for Critical Illness: dedicated to the analysis of
critical illness risks; complex risks due to multiple definitions,
cover types and socio-economic environments;

R&D Center for Medical Underwriting and Claims Management:
evaluating the impact on insurance of new medical advances,
for both known pathologies and the most recently discovered
ones; advising clients on the pricing of substandard risks; and

R&D Center for Policyholder Behavior: providing support mainly
in modeling and pricing lapse behavior within protection
products;

R&D Center for Medical Expenses: carrying out studies on
portfolios, enhancing risk modeling for pricing, and providing
support in setting assumptions for new business, in particular
new products.

Supporting research and teaching is a core feature of the Group's
corporate responsibility policy. SCOR has for many years developed
relationships with different kinds of institutions (foundations,
associations, schools and universities, research centers), in various
forms (corporate sponsorship, scientific research partnerships) and
in anumber of fields linked to risk, uncertainty, and reinsurance,
both in France and abroad.

The Centers have entered into many scientific partnerships over
the years, the current ones being with: the Assmann Foundation
on cardiovascular diseases (EUR 100,000 annually), the ADERA
(Association pour le Développement de |’Enseignement et des
Recherches auprés des universités, des centres de recherche et des

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

entreprises d' Aquitaine — INSERM) on LTC (EUR 100,000 annually)
and the Pierre et Marie Curie University at the PitiéSalpétriére
Hospital on HIV developments (EUR 30,000 annually).

The R&D Centers are part of SCOR Global Life’s range of
services: analyses and risk projections produced by the Centers
are used by SCOR Global Life’s teams to advise their clients on
the implementation and monitoring of their life and health
insurance products.

The Centers provide input at the product development stage,
giving advice on definitions, underwriting standards, pricing
and reserving. They contribute to the monitoring of biometric
risks by carrying out experience studies on portfolio data and by
undertaking prospective risk modeling

The R&D Centers are part of the Actuarial & Risk Department of
SCOR Global Life. Their employees are based in Paris, Cologne,
Dublin, Charlotte, Kansas City, Chicago and Singapore and are
active worldwide, responding to requests from the local teams in
charge of business development and client relationships.

At the forefront of risk modeling, particularly extreme risks in
Life and Non-Life businesses, the Group devotes considerable
resources to fundamental research and the promotion of scientific
risk management techniques in various disciplines. As well as
prize-winning internal research projects, conducted with the
assistance of students from renowned schools and universities,
SCOR and SCOR Foundation for Science have signed partnership
agreements with the following institutions:

e a Research Chair on Risk, in cooperation with the Institut
d'Economie Industrielle (IDE!) of Toulouse University, the Risk
Foundation and Paris Dauphine University, is dedicated to the
risk market and to value creation, with a research program
specially focused on Long-Term Care. For SCOR, this implies
costs of EUR 1.5 million spread over five years;

a Research Chair in Finance, in cooperation with the Jean-
Jacques Laffont Foundation based in Toulouse, focuses on risk
management, long-term investment, corporate governance
and asset management strategy. For SCOR, the related cost is
EUR 1.5 million spread over five years;

a Research Chair on Macroeconomic Risk in cooperation
with the Paris School of Economics, is dedicated to the
macroeconomic modeling of tail events, the consequences of
uncertaint on the macroeconomic equilibrium, the contagion of
extreme macroeconomic risks and crises, and to the long-term
macroeconomic risks. For SCOR, the related cost is EUR 900,000
spread over three years; and

the Insurance Risks and Finance Research Center in cooperation
with Nanyang Business School (Singapore), whose aim is to
promote research in the field of risk management. For SCOR,
the related cost is SGD 2.5 million spread over five years.

Alongside these partnership agreements, the Group works to
further scientific research in the field of risks through sponsorship
initiatives (see Appendix D) conducted by its corporate foundation,
the SCOR Corporate Foundation for Science.

SCOR also organizes Actuarial Awards in Europe (Germany,
France, Italy, Spain and Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland and the
United Kingdom), and in Asia (Singapore). The Group places great
importance on the development of actuarial science and each year
awards prizes for the best academic papers in the field of actuarial
science. These prizes are designed to promote actuarial science,
develop and encourage research in this field and contribute to

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017.21


--- Page 19 ---

01

22

SCOR GROUP
Information about the SCOR Group

the improvement of risk knowledge and management. The SCOR
Actuarial Awards are recognized as a mark of excellence in the
insurance and reinsurance industries. The winning papers are
selected on the basis of criteria including an excellent command
of actuarial concepts, the use of high-quality analysis instruments,
and subjects that could have a practical application in the world
of risk management.

Since 2015, SCOR has also been organizing, with the partnership
of the French Institut of Actuaries, an actuarial symposium in Paris.
In November 2015, the theme was centered around “Actuarial
and Data Science”, in December 2016, the theme was “Scientific
laws and mathematical models: from physics to actuarial science”,
and in December 2017, the theme was “Will Artificial Intelligence
revolutionize actuarial science?”

In addition to the above, scientific risk management techniques
are promoted, and knowledge shared, via the involvement in
collective studies through the Geneva Association and the teaching
of insurance and scientific risk management techniques in schools
and universities (e.g. the 218 Master's at Paris Dauphine, the
Zurich ETH, the University Ca’Foscari in Venice Italy and the
graduations, the masters and the Executive MBA offered by the
Ecole Nationale d’Assurance (ENASS) of the Paris Conservatoire
National des Arts et Métiers (CNAM)).

Information technologies

SCOR was one of the first reinsurers to implement a global
information system. This strategy is reaffirmed during the
integration process after a new acquisition, when SCOR aims
to rapidly reestablish a global integrated information system.
In accounting, consolidation and financial reporting, SCOR has
delivered its global SAP solution, embedding a unique chart of
accounts and standard processes in all its Hubs throughout the
Group. Over recent years, the accounting teams have worked
alongside the IT Department, to design this new global finance
system which is critical for SCOR.

The Group's Life and Non-Life reinsurance global back-office
operates on a custom software package known as “Omega.”
Omega was designed to allow the tracking of brokers and
ceding companies within the Group, manage premiums and
claims, analyze the technical profitability of contracts, and
perform quarterly closings based on the latest estimated results.
The Omega databases reflect the reinsurance risk of SCOR Global
P&C and SCOR Global Life’s portfolios worldwide. After an
extensive study, the Group decided to update and improve Omega,
thereby capitalizing on this key asset. The Omegaz2 project,
which included technical modernization and the development of
structuring functional improvements, was completed as planned
mid-2016 and its enhancement has been pursued in 2017 through
an extension dedicated to an optimized management of P&C
claims and advanced analytical capabilities powered by a big
data solution.

The focus in 2017 was again on strengthening SCOR's front office
applications to improve risk selection, anticipation and reactivity
in markets and products, and simulations of results. A number of
projects have been launched in recent years which will continue
through 2018 through division specific solutions fully integrated
with the core back-office, OMEGA. Among these projects, to
start with the P&C division, the ForePlan tool provides capability

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

to build the underwriting plan and follow its execution. Non-Life
pricing is closely managed using xAct, the global in-house standard
P&C treaty pricing tool, which uses standardized models, and
profitability analysis, to provide full visibility of proportional and
non-proportional business. The underwriting and pricing process
of large industrial or specialty risks is now supported by new
in-house solutions like ForeWriter and Pacman, embedding the
SCOR professionals’ expertise. Control of exposure to natural
catastrophes and pricing is under improvement through the
development of the SCOR Cat Platform which monitors all
liabilities and accumulations through use and calibration or the
model combination deemed as most efficient. A first version
of a platform to monitor our MGA book of business in the US
through automatic underwriting controls has been rolled-out.
Norma, the P&C internal model, combines the risk assessment
produced by these front-office tools to produce an overall P&C
risk measure. For the Life Division, the focus on 2017 was the
validation of the target IT roadmap. It is essential to the delivery
of Vision in Action and prepares SGL for the future by increasing
its competitiveness, providing high level of service to clients,
complying with all regulatory requirements (ie. IFRS 17, GDPR)
and increasing the understanding of Life business. Other front-
office solutions have been developed for SCOR Global Life to
harmonize and enhance the underwriting of substandard risks
and develop tele-underwriting in different countries. In the US
market in particular, underwriting solutions like Velogica are
proposed to SCOR’ Life clients. The integration of Life Individual
policy management systems is now completed in the US, and will
now be extended to rest of the Group, to provide an increasing
capacity to understand risk at a granular level. This is the basis
for enhanced actuarial modeling, in which SCOR Global Life is
also investing, targeting to unify pricing and reserving in one
single technical platform.

At the Group level, and in the frame of an integrated architecture,
the various risk modeling tools are feeding the entreprise internal
model which has been key in the Solvency II compliance process.

Three years ago, SCOR Investment partners launched a strategic
project, SGI 2.0, the first achievement of which was the outsourcing
of middle and back office activities related to asset management
to BNP Paribas Securities Services. This decision will allow to
leverage their expertise in post-trade execution activities. A specific
internal organization and related new procedures have been put
in place to monitor the performance and the operational risks
of this outsourcing. Front-office activities remain in-house, using
the Bloomberg AIM solution which has been deployed in 2017.

The Group is promoting a paperless environment. Internally,
global document-sharing processes have been set up for the
Life and Non-Life divisions. With its clients, SCOR is able to
automatically process claims, reinsurance and financial accounts
received electronically in the standard formats defined by ACORD,
an association created for the development of e-processing in
insurance and reinsurance, without having to re-enter them.
SCOR is also chairing the global Ruschlikon initiative, launched
with major brokers and reinsurers to develop e-administration
in the reinsurance industry.

The SCOR technical environment is based on a secured international
network, a cloud-based global data center with a fully replicated
dual site, and a standard workstation deployed everywhere in


--- Page 20 ---

the world. SCOR has also implemented an ambitious security
plan based on stronger physical and logical access controls,
cyber security reinforcement, large program for data protection,
and recovery in the event of any type of disaster. Such capabilities
are key enablers for the GDPR compliance effort, structured in
a major company-wide project, due to be completed first half
of 2018.

SCOR's IT Department is playing a key role in implementing the
Group’s “Green SCOR” policy, and drives a number of elements
of this multi-year plan, including data center consolidation,
server virtualization, new low-energy desktops and laptops, and
reductions in printing. Mobility is still being enhanced through
ongoing developments in line with technological progress and
business needs that require a more permanent connection with
the company, while complying with security standards.

Finally, the IT strategy is aligned with the SCOR business objectives
and especially those defined through the strategic plan, “Vision
in Action”. A new IT strategy has been developed, jointly
by the Group IT and businesses, and validated by the Group
Executive Committee. This strategy defines a framework for the
development of the Group information system, with a focus
on the digital transformation of SCOR, steered by the Business
Divisions in close partnership with Group IT. Innovation areas
have been defined and will enable SCOR to obtain maximum
leverage from the new capabilities offered by new technology
like Big Data, Artificial intelligence, Cloud or Robotics.

SCOR GROUP O01

Information about the SCOR Group

1.2.6.3. INVESTMENTS

Principal investments made over the past three
financial years

See Section 3.4.2 - Management of market risks, for a description
of risk management connected with SCOR investments in debt
instruments and equity securities as well as with investments it
owns.

See Section 1.2.2 — History and development of SCOR, and
Section 4.6.3 Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals.

See Section 1.2.5.6 — Investments.

See Section 1.2.6 —- SCOR investments in tangible and intangible
assets.

Principal investments in progress

None.

Principal future investments

SCOR's success relies on the consistent implementation of the
four principles on which its strategic plans, “Dynamic Lift”,
“Strong Momentum”, “Optimal Dynamics” and now “Vision in
Action” are based: a strong franchise, extensive diversification,
a controlled risk appetite and a robust capital shield. Success in
implementing such a strategy requires that, at regular intervals,
the Group assesses whether opportunities which may present
themselves relating to the optimization of its business portfolio
via acquisitions and disposals and which would be likely to deliver
value for its shareholders are in line with this consistent set of
principles.

SCOR Registration Document 2017. 23


--- Page 21 ---

01

24

Registration Document 2017

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

1.3. MARKET AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

1.3.1.

The global reinsurance industry comprises Life and Non-Life
reinsurance.

Life reinsurance is a concentrated industry with significant
regulatory and operational barriers to entry. Most global Life
reinsurers are based in established markets with rigorous regulatory
frameworks suitable for long-term business. Global Life reinsurers
have developed strong underwriting, pricing, actuarial, claims
management and product development capabilities, as well as
long-term relationships with their clients. Because of the long-term
nature of some Life risks, the Life reinsurance market historically
has been less cyclical than Non-Life.

Non-Life reinsurance is a cyclical market estimated by various
analysts at USD 160 to 170 billion of premium globally.
The cycle appears to have reached a nadir in 2017, which was one

1.3.2. FINANCIAL MARKET DEVELOPMENTS

The prolonged economic cycle in the United States and the
improvement of the European situation have sent financial assets
valuations to high levels. The positive dynamics of the economic
environment have been significant, albeit this has not triggered
new inflationary pressures. The traditional relationship between
unemployment and inflation, implied from the Philips curve, has
become less relevant, at least on a short-term basis and at the local
level, and deflationary pressures coming from the “new economy”
have played a notable role, even if it remains difficult to quantify. In this
context, central banks have maintained a strong accommodative bias
while initiating a progressive exit from “Quantitative Easing” policies.

The US Federal Reserve, on the back of a more advanced
economic cycle, has been the first to tighten its monetary policy,
increasing its central interest rate from 0.75% to 1.5% in the
year 2017. Nevertheless, this evolution had virtually no impact
on long-term interest rates, inflation remaining under control.
As a consequence, US 10-year government rates at the end of
2017 stand at 2.41%, almost stable compared to the beginning

1.3.3. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OF THE YEAR

Natural catastrophes

The third and fourth quarters of 2017 were marked by an
exceptional series of large natural catastrophes, with hurricanes
Harvey, Irma and Maria, wildfires in California and earthquakes
in Mexico. For more information on the impacts of natural
catastrophes, see Section 1.3.5.2 — SCOR Global P&C

SOOR

REINSURANCE MARKET DEVELOPMENTS.

of the largest years on record for reinsurance losses from natural
disasters. The sector proved resilient and the losses have not greatly
affected the nature of competition in Non-Life reinsurance, with
both traditional and alternative sources of capital continuing to
be present. Contract renewal negotiations conducted in late
2017 indicate that customers are prepared to pay more for
reinsurance in 2018, particularly in the US as it is the peak risk
zone globally and was most loss-affected. The sentiment existed
in other markets but not to the same degree.

The US tax reform enacted in late 2017 may affect reinsurers
with clients in the United States, but the reform bill has not yet
had a material effect on operations of the reinsurance market
as of the end of 2017

of the year, like the 10-year rates in the Eurozone (0.43%), in the
United Kingdom (1.19%) and in Japan (0.05%). However, the
diverging monetary policies between the US Federal Reserve and
the European Central Bank now imply a differential in central rates
close to 2%. The higher yield of the US Dollar being perceived
as transitory, the Euro has appreciated against the US currency
by 14%, finishing the year at 1.20.

US equities have benefited from supportive growth prospects and
from a weaker US Dollar but also, through the US administration,
from announced regulatory cuts and unprecedented tax packages.
Over the year, the S&P 500 experienced returns of 21.8%, the
Nasdaq 29.7% and the Dow Jones 28.1%. European equities
also post solid performances, in spite of the Euro appreciation,
with a total return of 12.5% for the French CAC 40 and the
German DAX, and of 16.9% for the Italian MIB

The improved economic outlook has also benefited emerging
countries with an increase of commodity prices and more notably
of crude oil which ends the year 2017 at circa USD 60.

US Tax reform

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”) was
enacted, reducing the statutory rate of US federal corporate income
tax to 21% effective January 1, 2018. This reduction resulted in a
one-time non-cash loss for SCOR as its U.S. deferred taxes previously
measured at 35% were remeasured at 21%. SCOR is currently
reviewing the TCJA to assess its potential future implications, in
particular with respect to certain complex provisions including the
Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (“BEAT”). There is a high level of
uncertainty surrounding the practical and technical applications


--- Page 22 ---

of many of these provisions. The format, scope and timeframe in
which future clarifications from the US Treasury may be obtained,
such as on the application of BEAT to inward affiliate retrocession,
on effectively connected income definition and application and
on BEAT implications for modified coinsurance, are still unknown.

SCOR will monitor developments in the course of 2018. SCOR is
currently exploring alternate business structures to adapt to the
new environment. The implementation process of certain potential
business structures currently under consideration may result in a
day one, non-recurring, tax expense during 2018 of between nil
and approximately USD 350 million, and in a decline of SCOR’s
2017 year end solvency ratio, which, all other things being equal,
is nevertheless expected to remain above 200%. External and
internal uncertainties associated with the implementation of the
TCJA and/or organizational changes, respectively, may not be fully
resolved by year-end 2018.

Share buy-back program

On July 26, 2017, SCOR launched a share buy-back program
commencing on July 27, 2017, for an amount of up to
EUR 200 million, expiring mid-2019, subject to market conditions.
For more information on the share buy-back program, see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 12 - Information on share capital, capital management,
regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

1.3.4.

SCOR competes for business in the European, American, Asian
and other international markets with numerous international and
domestic reinsurance and insurance companies, some of which
have a larger market share than its own, greater financial resources
and, in certain cases, higher ratings from the rating agencies.
Competition in the types of reinsurance and insurance that the
Group underwrites is based on many factors, including financial
strength as perceived by the rating agencies, customers and their
brokers, underwriting expertise, reputation and experience in the
lines of reinsurance and insurance written, country of operation,
premiums charged, the quality of the proposed reinsurance
structures, the services offered and the speed at which claims
are paid.

1.3.5. REVENUES & EARNINGS SUMMARY.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

Acquisition of Chateau Mondot S.A.S.

In April 2017, SCOR Auber, a fully-owned subsidiary of SCOR SE,
exercised an option to acquire an 80% stake in Chateau Mondot
S.A.S., a French company operating a vineyard located in the
Bordelais region of France, Chateau Troplong Mondot (Premier
Grand Cru Classé B of Saint-Emilion), for a total consideration
of EUR 178 million. The Group has held 20% of the company
since 2014 (accounted for as an investment in associate in the
Group consolidated IFRS financial statements).

The transaction was subject to the regulatory approval by the
SAFER (a French agricultural authority). This approval was subject
to a two-month review period, which ended on July 6, 2017.
The transaction was financed by SCOR through the use of own
funds without issuing any new debt or own shares.

The acquisition of control generated a gain on the previously
held 20% equity interest.

Refer to Section 4, Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals for
additional details.

Impact of change in Ogden rate

In 2017 the Group recorded a negative one-off impact of
EUR 71 million pre-tax, partially offset by EUR 45 million of IBNR
release. The impact was caused by the UK Ministry of Justice’s
decision to reduce the discount rate used to calculate lump sum
awards in UK bodily injury cases (the Ogden Rate).

INFORMATION ON SCOR’S COMPETITIVE POSITION

SCOR's competitors include independent and state-owned
reinsurance companies, subsidiaries or affiliates of established
worldwide insurance companies, and reinsurance departments
of certain primary insurance companies. Among the Group's
major competitors are European reinsurers (for example, Swiss
Re, Munich Re and Hannover Re) and US/Bermudian reinsurers
(for example, Partner Re, RGA, Chubb, Axis Capital, TransRe,
Odyssey Re, GenRe and Everest Re). Also Lloyd’s of London is
recognized as a major competitor.

SCOR SE and its consolidated subsidiaries formed the world’s
fourth largest reinsurer' in 2016 and 2015, serving more than
4,000 clients.

The Group’s financial data are presented in Section 1.1 — Selected
financial information and in Section 4 — Consolidated financial
statements. The commentary below is based on the financial
data presented in the aforementioned sections.

See also Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 1 — Accounting principles and methods, Note 15
—Net contract liabilities and Note 24 — Insurance and financial risks.

1.3.5.1. OPERATING RESULT

SCOR is characterized by its strategic positioning aimed at
diversifying its exposures. To this end, the Group seeks to preserve:

the diversification of its business by maintaining a broadly
balanced split between its Life and Non-Life reinsurance activities.
The business volume split for the year ended December 31,
2017 was approximately 59% for Life reinsurance and 41%
for Non-Life reinsurance based on gross written premiums;

(1) By Net Reinsurance premiums written, source: “AM Best Special Report Global Reinsurance 2017”

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 25


--- Page 23 ---

01

26

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

e the geographic diversification of the Group's business by:

— operating in a large number of countries, both mature and
emerging,

— maintaining its policy of being positioned on strong-growth
markets such as Asia-Pacific and Latin America,

— operating as a mixed Non-Life and Life reinsurer in China
using the license received in 2011, enabling SCOR to add Life
reinsurance services to the existing Non-Life activities; and

the diversification of underwritten risks by product lines in

Life reinsurance (Protection, Financial Solutions, Longevity)

and in Non-Life reinsurance (Property and Casualty Treaties,

Specialty Treaties, Business Solutions — large corporate accounts

underwriting through facultative insurance and reinsurance

contracts and occasionally as a direct insurance for industrial
groups and services companies — and Business Ventures and

Partnerships).

Breakdown of gross written premiums by segment

Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums for the financial year ended December 31,
2017 amounted to EUR 14,789 million, an increase of 7.0%
compared to EUR 13,826 million in 2016. At constant exchange
rates the growth is 8.6%. The overall increase in gross written
premiums of EUR 963 million in 2017 is composed of an increase
of EUR 386 million for SCOR Global P&C and of EUR 577 million
for SCOR Global Life.

Gross written premiums for the financial year ended December 31,
2016 amounted to EUR 13,826 million, an increase of 3.0%
compared to EUR 13,421 million in 2015. At constant exchange
rates the growth was 5.3%. The overall increase in gross written
premiums of EUR 405 million in 2016 was due to an increase of
EUR 489 million for SCOR Global Life, offsetting the decrease of
EUR 84 million for SCOR Global P&C.

In EUR million 2016 2015
By operating segment

SCOR Global P&C 6,025 41% 5,639 4% 5,723 43%
SCOR Global Life 8,764 59% 8,187 59% 7,698 57%
TOTAL 14,789 100% 13,826 100% 13,421 100%
Non-Life reinsurance

Treaties 3,266 54% 3,125 55% 3,012 53%
Business Solutions (facultative) 740 12% 683 12% 723 13%
Specialties 1,257 21% 1,176 21% 1,168 20%
Joint-Ventures & Partnerships 763 13% 655 12% 820 14%
TOTAL SCOR GLOBAL P&C 6,025 100% 5,639 100% 5,723 100%
Life reinsurance

Protection 6,756 77% 6,460 79% 6,137 80%
Financial Solutions 1,243 14% 1,038 13% 1,003 13%
Longevity 765 9% 689 8% 558 7%
TOTAL SCOR GLOBAL LIFE 8,764 100% 8,187 100% 7,698 100%

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 4 — Segment information, for further details on the results of

the reportable segments.

Distribution by geographical area

In 2017, SCOR generated approximately 37% of its gross written
premiums in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) (2016: 39%),
with significant market positions in France, Germany, Spain and
Italy, 46% of its gross written premiums in the Americas (2016:
46%) and 17% in Asia (2016: 15%).

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

GROUP GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUMS
BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA (in EuR million)

(2,562 5,492
14,789
in 2017 mEMEA
l@ Americas
i Asia Pacific

6,736


--- Page 24 ---

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

The following table shows the breakdown by volume of Life and Non-Life gross premiums written by geographical area based on
market responsibility, taking into account the country in which the ceding company operates for treaty business and location of the

insured for facultative business:

Total SCOR Global Life SCOR Global P&C
in EUR million 2016 2015 2016 2015 T2016 2015
EMEA 5,492 5,355 5,449 2,733 2,677 «2,515 2,759 2,678 2,934
Americas 6736 6318 5,840 4567 4,429. «4,130 2169 1,889 —‘*1,710
Asia Pacific 2562 2,153 2,132 1464 1,081 ‘1,053 1,098 1,072 ‘1,079
TOTAL 14,789 13,826 13,421 8764 8,187 7,698 6025 5,639 5,723

Net earned premiums

Net earned premiums for the year ended December 31,
2017 amounted to EUR 13,281 million as compared to
EUR 12,462 million and EUR 11,984 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The overall increase
in net earned premiums of EUR 819 million from 2016 to 2017
and EUR 478 million from 2015 to 2016 is consistent with the
evolution in gross written premiums.

Net investment income

Net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2017
amounted to EUR 764 million as compared to EUR 670 million
and EUR 666 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The net return on investments in 2017 was
2.9% compared to 2.5% in 2016 and 2.6% in 2015. The evolution
of investment income is essentially driven by higher investment
revenues and by the active portfolio management strategy
implemented by SCOR Global Investments, which translated
into substantial realized capital gains of EUR 272 million in 2017,
mostly achieved on the real estate portfolio and to a lesser extent
on fixed income and other investments portfolios.

The return on invested assets in 2017 was 3.5% as compared to
2.9% in 2016 and 3.1% in 2015.

Gross benefits and claims paid

Gross benefits and claims paid were EUR 11,963 million,
EUR 9,848 million and EUR 9,499 million in 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The level of gross benefits and claims paid
for SCOR Global P&C increased to EUR 4,564 million during
2017 from EUR 3,164 million in 2016 (2015: EUR 3,135 million).
For SCOR Global Life the level of gross benefits and claims paid
increased to EUR 7,399 million in 2017 from EUR 6,684 million
in 2016 (2015: EUR 6,364 million).

Net retrocession result

The net result of the Group’s retrocession program was
positive at EUR 398 million in 2017 as compared to a net cost
of EUR 388 million and EUR 336 million in 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

The impact of alternative retrocession coverage, Atlas IX 2015 and
2016 catastrophe bonds (SCOR Global P&C) and Atlas IX mortality
risk transfer contract (SCOR Global Life) (See Section 3.3.5 —
Retrocession and other risk mitigation techniques) are not included
in the net cost of retrocession as the products are accounted for
as derivatives.

(1) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios.

The total amount recorded “other operating expenses” for 2017
in relation to Atlas CAT bonds and the mortality transfer contract
Atlas IX was EUR 38 million (2016: EUR 35 million; 2015:
EUR 19 million).

Expenses

The Group cost ratio" calculated as the total of all management
expenses less certain non-controllable expenses (e.g. bad debts),
legal settlements, acquisition expenses and amortization, divided
by gross written premiums, was 5.0% for the year ended
December 31, 2017, unchanged from 5.0% in 2016 (2015:
5.0%). Management expenses for the years ended December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015 were EUR 858 million, EUR 815 million,
and EUR 776 million respectively, on a comparative basis.

Operating income

Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2017 amounted
to EUR 491 million as compared to EUR 951 million in 2016 and
EUR 1,048 million in 2015. The decrease between 2016 and 2017
is notably due to the higher severity of natural catastrophes. For
the year ended December 31, 2017, the operating segment SCOR
Global Life contributed EUR 342 million (EUR 396 million and
EUR 364 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively) and SCOR Global
P&C EUR 265 million (EUR 680 million and EUR 808 million in 2016
and 2015, respectively) to the operating result. In 2017, 2016 and
2015, EUR (116) million, EUR (125) million and EUR (124) million
respectively, related to Group functions.

2016 and 2015 operating income benefited from the strong
technical performance of SCOR Global Life and the robust
profitability of SCOR Global P&C.

Consolidated net income - Group share

SCOR generated consolidated net income of EUR 286 million
in 2017, compared to EUR 603 million and EUR 642 million
respectively for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.

Although 2017 has been marked by an exceptional series of large
natural catastrophes which occurred during the second half of the
year, the results benefited from a positive underlying performance
of SCOR Global P&C and SCOR Global Life, a prudent asset
management policy which safeguarded shareholders’ interests
whilst delivering solid returns. In 2017, the effective tax rate was
16.3%. See Section 4, Note 17 — Income taxes, for explanations
on the effective tax rate.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 27


--- Page 25 ---

01

28

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

In 2016, SCOR benefited from a strong performance from both
operating segments, and an active portfolio management strategy
implemented by SCOR Global Investments which safeguarded
shareholders’ interests while delivering solid returns. In 2016, the
effective tax rate was 21.7%.

In 2015, SCOR benefited from a strong operating performance, a
prudent asset management policy which safeguarded shareholders’
interests while delivering solid returns and a rather benign year
in terms of natural catastrophes. In 2015, the effective tax rate
was 26.0%

Return on equity was 4.5%, 9.5% and 10.6% for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. Basic earnings
per share were EUR 1.53, EUR 3.26 and EUR 3.46 for the years
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

1.3.5.2. SCOR GLOBAL P&C

SCOR Global P&C is a leading P&C reinsurer with a worldwide
footprint.

The business comprises traditional reinsurance transactions: Treaty,
Business Solutions, and Specialty Lines reinsurance. SCOR Global
P&C capitalizes on a long-standing franchise, experience, and an
extensive data base comprising multi-line expertise.

2017 has been marked by an exceptional series of large natural
catastrophes that occurred during the 2" half of the year. The
in-force retrocession programs have responded as expected,
bearing witness to the SCOR Global P&C efficient capital shield
policy. Despite these events and an increasing competition in
the market since last year, the “Vision in Action” objectives
are confirmed thanks notably to January 2017 renewals and
strengthening of initiatives undertaken in 2016.

The January 2016 renewals were characterized by a market
environment that shows some signs of levelling out for certain
types of contracts and exposures, but where competition regained
some momentum since the very end of 2015. SCOR Global
P&C continued to find pockets of profitable new business,
counterbalancing the premium reductions caused by increased
selectivity and heightened portfolio management, thereby
maintaining overall expected profitability. This has been made
possible by a combination of several factors, such as the successful
deployment of the client-focused initiative in the US, and having
developed the right culture and the right tools to manage global
client relationships and steer business in real time.

(1) See Section 1.3.9.5 — Combined ratio.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

2015 was characterized by an increasingly competitive market
environment. SCOR Global P&C capitalized on the quality of its
franchise and the active management of its portfolios, to secure
renewals that bear witness to its strong competitive position.

Gross written premiums

In 2017, gross written premiums increased by 6.9% compared to
2016 from EUR 5,639 million to EUR 6,025 million. At constant
exchange rates the growth is 8.8% and is consistent with the
trend indicated after January 2017 renewals, driven by Property
and Casualties treaties.

In 2016, gross written premiums decreased by 1.5% compared to
2015 from EUR 5,723 million to EUR 5,639 million. At constant
exchange rates the growth is 1.2%. Compared to 2015, growth
at constant exchange rates was driven by the performance of
the Property and Casualty Treaties (mainly in the Casualty and
Natural Catastrophes portfolios).

In 2015, gross written premiums increased by 16% compared to
2014 from EUR 4,935 million to EUR 5,723 million. At constant
exchange rates the growth was 4.9%, in line with the forecasts
at the beginning of the year.

Combined ratio

SCOR Global P&C achieved a net combined ratio” of 103.7% in
2017 against 93.1% in 2016 and 91.1% in 2015

In 2017, the combined ratio reflects the severity of higher natural
catastrophes that occurred compared to previous years, especially
the American hurricanes, earthquake and wildfires. The cat
ratio stands at 14.9% compared to 5.5% in 2016 and 2.2%
in 2015. The combined ratio was also negatively impacted by
1.4 percentage points (EUR 71 million) due to the change in the
Ogden discount rate, partially balanced by a 0.9 percentage
points of reserve releases (EUR 45 million).

In 2016, the combined ratio reflected very strong technical results,
with a decreasing net attritional loss ratio (54.1% compared to
56.9% in 2015) despite higher natural catastrophes compared to
2015. Natural catastrophes had a 5.5% impact on the Group net
combined ratio for year-end 2016 compared to a 2.2% impact
in 2015 and a 4.2% impact in 2014.

In 2015 the combined ratio reflected very strong technical results,
with a stable net attritional loss ratio 56.9% (versus 56.9%
in 2014) despite some significant man-made losses and the
lower impact of natural catastrophes compared to 2014. Natural
catastrophes had a 2.2% impact on the Group net combined
ratio for year end 2015 compared to a 4.2% impact in 2014


--- Page 26 ---

SCOR GROUP O01

Market and financial review

Impact of natural catastrophes

SCOR defines a catastrophe as a natural event involving several risks and causing pre-tax losses, net of retrocession, totaling EUR 3 million
or more.

The following table highlights losses due to natural catastrophes for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015:

As at December 31

2017 2016 2015

Number of catastrophes occurred during the financial year 17°) 18°) 1°

In EUR million

Losses and loss adjustment expenses due to catastrophes, gross 1,374 323 117
Losses due to catastrophes, net of retrocession”! 779 274 111
Group net loss ratio'” 71.0% 59.6% 59.1%
Group net loss ratio excluding catastrophes 56.1%) 54.1% 56.8%

(1) The loss ratio is calculated by dividing Non-Life claims (including claims arising from natural catastrophes) by Non-Life premiums earned. This ratio is net of
retrocession

(2) Net of retrocession and reinstatement premiums (assumed and retrocession).

(3) Including Hurricane Harvey, Irma, Maria, Mexico Earthquakes, Northern and Southern California wildfires, Cyclone Debbie, South Africa climatic events,
Typhoon Hato, Peru El Nino Costero events, Newcrest Mining Earthquake loss, US April & March Winds, Mumbai Floods, Portuguese Fires.

(4) The impact of developments on the following 2016 catastrophes are included in the 2017 cat ratio: Hurricane Matthew and Kaikoura Earthquake.

(5) Including Hurricane Matthew, Fort McMurray Wildfires, Earthquakes in Ecuador, in Taiwan, in Kaikoura and in Italy, Floodings in Europe, in Sri Lanka, in Texas,
in Louisiana, in Johannesburg and in United Arab Emirates, Typhoon Meranti and Cyclone Winston.

(6) Including UK Flooding, Chennai Floods (India), US Northeast Winterstorms, Storm Niklas, US South and Midwest Weather, Chile Earthquake 2015, Typhoon
Rainbow/Mujigae, Italy Snow & Windstorm, South Carolina Floods, Chilean Storm and Mudslides and Texas and Oklahoma Heavy Rain.

In 2017, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 768 million as at
December 31, 2017:

a Estimated loss net
In EUR million

of retrocession as at

Cat losses DETR a(sras December 31, 2017
Hurricane Irma September 2017 245
Hurricane Harvey August 2017 209
Hurricane Maria September 2017 113
California wildfire October 2017 73
Earthquake in Mexico September 2017 24
Cyclone Debbie March 2017 21
Southern California Wildfires December 2017 18
Western Cape Storm & Fire June 2017 15
Typhoon Hato August 2017 12
Other natural catastrophes (less than EUR 10 million) 37
TOTAL 768

SCOR — Registration Document 2017. 29


--- Page 27 ---

01

30

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

In 2016, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 307 million as at

December 31, 2016:

In EUR million

Original estimated PCTS Cee TC
loss net of loss net of
retrocession as at US (eS (Es

Cat losses Date of loss December 31, 2016 [DYteulaenmPAlh Ws
Hurricane Matthew October 2016 55 47
Fort McMurray Wildfire May 2016 51 47
Kumamoto Earthquake April 2016 31 26
European Hailstorm June 2016 30 27
European Floods June 2016 26 27
Ecuador Earthquake April 2016 23 23
Taiwan Earthquake February 2016 22 21
Sri Lanka Flooding May 2016 12 11
Texas Hail April 2016 11 12
Kaikoura Earthquake November 2016 10 28
Other natural catastrophes (less than EUR 10 million) 36 36
TOTAL 307 305

In 2015, SCOR was affected by the following catastrophes which resulted in total net estimated losses of EUR 111 million as at

December 31, 2015:

In EUR million

Original estimated
loss net of
retrocession as at

Adjusted estimated
loss net of retrocession as at

Cat losses Date of loss December 31,2015 December 31, 2016 | December 31, 2017 | 31, 2017
UK Flooding December 2015 29 7 8
Chennai Floods October 2015 19 22 22
US Northeast Winterstorms February 2015 19 19 18
Storm Niklas March 2015 10 8 7
Other natural catastrophes (less than

EUR 10 million) 34 16 16
TOTAL 111 72 71

1.3.5.3. SCOR GLOBAL LIFE

SCOR Global Life operates through its unified global organization
with a specialized market approach in three regions: Americas,
EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. It
underwrites Life reinsurance business in the following product
lines:

@ Protection;

e Financial Solutions;

e Longevity.

Protection encompasses traditional Life reinsurance business
for living and death benefits. The main risks undertaken are
mortality, morbidity and behavioral risks for individuals and groups
of individuals. Financial Solutions typically combine traditional
Life reinsurance with financing components providing liquidity,

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

balance sheet, solvency and/or income improvements to the
client. Longevity products cover the risk of negative deviation
from expected results due to the insured or annuitant living
longer than assumed in the pricing of insurance cover provided
by insurers or pension funds.

In 2017, SCOR Global Life continued to grow profitably in
a competitive Life reinsurance market. The solid operating
profitability of SCOR Global Life was maintained thanks to a
robust flow of new business and expansion of franchise in various
key regions and product lines. Underlying US mortality claim
experience has been higher than expected, but was offset by the
benefits from active in-force management and the strong reserve
Position set up at the time of the Transamerica Re and Generali
US acquisitions. Both claim expenses and in-force management
actions may vary over time.


--- Page 28 ---

Gross written premiums by product line

SCOR Global Life ranks among the top four life reinsurers
worldwide” and has grown by 7.0% in gross written premiums
from EUR 8,187 million in 2016 to EUR 8,764 million in 2017
(a 8.5% increase at constant exchange rates”). SCOR Global
Life has increased its new business premiums from new clients
and with existing clients in all three regions and across all three
product lines. Growth was recognized in the Protection product
line in Americas, in the Financial Solutions product line in Asia
Pacific and in the Longevity product line in Europe.

Protection

The Protection business accounts for 77% of total gross written
premiums in 2017 and remains the main driver for premium
growth (4.6% growth in gross written premiums in 2017).

SCOR Global Life has maintained its leadership in the US Life
reinsurance market, the largest life reinsurance market in
the world. SCOR Global Life entered in 2017 the large Health
reinsurance market, with a platform in Minneapolis, and
leveraging its strong expertise and position in the US Individual
Life reinsurance market.

In the EMEA region, SCOR Global Life reinforced its franchises
in key European markets such as France, the UK, and Nordic
countries. SCOR Global Life is also expanding into the large
South African market.

Asia Pacific remains a region with significant growth opportunities
both in terms of premiums and profitability. Premiums development
in Asia Pacific was driven by higher Protection business volumes
in China, Australia, South Korea and Japan

Within the Protection product line, mortality was the main risk
underwritten and the main growth driver in 2017:

e Mortality: more than 60% of SCOR Global Life’s portfolio is
traditional mortality reinsurance business, based on 2017 gross
written premiums. SCOR Global Life developed a strong position
in Mortality in the US, as well as in the major European markets.

e Long-Term Care: SCOR Global Life has been pioneering LTC
reinsurance solutions in the French market for twenty years, and
has acquired a sound practical experience in the underwriting
and the management of LTC risks.

Disability: SCOR Global Life has established strong market
positions in disability in many continental Europe markets and
Canada

© Critical Illness: SCOR Global Life is a market leader in the UK.

It also leverages its experience and expertise from the UK to
expand into selected Asian markets and South Africa.

(1) Based on 2017 gross written premiums.
(2) At December 31, 2017 exchange rates.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

e Medical represents a small proportion of SCOR Global Life’s
portfolio. It is a major product line in the markets of the Middle
East and is written selectively in Asia, Continental Europe and
the Americas.

e Personal Accident also represents a small proportion of SCOR
Global Life’s portfolio. A main source of Personal Accident
business for SCOR Global Life is obtained through its distribution
services company, ReMark, which provides direct marketing of
life insurance products to insurers, financial institutions and
affinity partners.

Through its Global Distribution Solutions (GDS), SCOR Global Life
has successfully deployed a number of innovative and tailored
client services which aim to help insurers expand and develop
their own client bases (ReMark, Velogica, SCOR Telemed and
Rehalto). SCOR Global Life has leadership positions in many
markets in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions.

Financial Solutions

In the Financial Solutions product line, accounting for 14% of 2017
gross written premiums, SCOR Global Life has built a recognized
position in providing capital and solvency solutions. Since 2013,
SCOR Global Life has signed landmark transactions in Southern
Europe, the US, Asia and Latin America. In 2017 SCOR Global
Life expanded its footprint in the Asia-Pacific region.

Longevity

SCOR Global Life has established itself as a recognized provider
for longevity reinsurance, focusing on longevity risk transfer
transactions for large in-payment pension portfolios, creating a
new business pipeline with growth opportunities. The Longevity
product line accounts for 9% of SCOR Global Life’s gross written
premiums in 2017 and is one of the main drivers of premium
growth (11.1% increase in gross written premiums in 2017).
The main active market to date for SCOR Global Life is UK with
a portfolio from recent years and new business signed in 2017.

Life technical margin

Overall, the Life technical margin in 2017 was 7.1% compared
to 7.0% in 2016 and 7.2% in 2015.

(3) Source: 2016 SOA/Munich Re survey of US life reinsurance, published in June 2016.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 31


--- Page 29 ---

01

32

Registration Document 2017

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

1.3.5.4. NET INVESTMENT INCOME AND INVESTMENT INCOME ON INVESTED ASSETS

Net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2017
amounted to EUR 764 million compared to EUR 670 million and
EUR 666 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively.

The return on invested assets in 2017 was 3.5% as compared to
2.9% in 2016 and 3.1% in 2015. The evolution of investment
income in 2017 is essentially driven by higher investment revenues
and by the active portfolio management strategy implemented

by SCOR Global Investments, which translated into substantial
realized capital gains of EUR 272 million, mostly achieved on the
real estate portfolio and to a lesser extent on fixed income and
other investments portfolios.

The following table presents a reconciliation of these figures
with the IFRS figures as presented in Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 18 — Investment income.

As at December 31

In EUR million 2016 2015
Investment revenues on invested assets“ 403 374 405
Realized gains/(losses) on fixed income 66 125 56
Realized gains/(losses) on loans - - -
Realized gains/(losses) on equities - 5 104
Realized gains/(losses) on real estate 192 58 3
Realized gains/(losses) on other investments 14 19 7
Realized gains/(losses) on invested assets” 272 207 170
Impairment of fixed income - (2) (13)
Impairment of loans (1) - -
Impairment of equities - (8) (8)
Impairment/depreciation of real estate’? (20) (21) (22)
Impairment of other investments (5) - -
Impairment/amortization on invested assets® (26) (31) (43)
Fair value through income on invested assets?!) 11 5 11
Financing costs on real estate (4) (5) (9)
TOTAL INVESTMENT INCOME ON INVESTED ASSETS 656 550 534
Net interest income on funds withheld and contract deposits 177 182 184
Investment management expenses (69) (62) (52)
TOTAL NET INVESTMENT INCOME 764 670 666
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) (27) 11 16
Income from other consolidated entities!” (12) - -
Income/(expenses) on technical items® (1) 1 1
Financing costs on real estate 4 12

IFRS INVESTMENT INCOME NET OF INVESTMENT

MANAGEMENT EXPENSES 728 694 692
Average invested assets 18,757 18,677 17,462
Return on invested assets (ROIA as a %) 3.5% 2.9% 3.1%

(1) Investment revenues on invested assets are presented net of EUR 3 million real estate revenues attributable to 3” parties.
(2) Fair value through income on invested assets includes EUR 5 million realized loss on derivatives, included in realized capital gains/losses on investments under

IFRS.

(3) Impairment/depreciation of real estate is presented net of EUR 3 million depreciation attributable to 3” parties.

(4) Fair value through income on invested assets includes EUR 13 million of step acquisition revaluation gain.

(5) Fair value through income on invested assets includes EUR (1) million investment income from other consolidated entities.

(6) Real estate financing expenses relate to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment purposes) only, net of financing expenses attributable to 3

parties.
(7) Includes (4) and (5).

(8) Income/(expenses) on technical items include (1) and (3) amongst other technical items.

SOOR


--- Page 30 ---

During 2017, invested assets decreased to EUR 18,580 million
from EUR 19,226 at December 31, 2016, mainly as a result from
negative FX impacts, partially offset by positive income generated
by the invested assets portfolio in 2017 as well as a positive
mark-to-market development net of realized gains.

SCOR announced its current investment strategy in
September 2016, as part of its “Vision in Action” strategic
plan. During the three-year period covered by the strategic plan
SCOR intends to achieve higher investment returns through a
normalization of its asset management policy, consisting in (i)
reducing liquidity to 5%, (ii) closing the duration gap by the
end of the strategic plan by increasing invested assets’ duration
and (iii) providing additional degrees of freedom in the Strategic
Asset Allocation.

Consistent with “Vision in Action”, SCOR Global Investments has
pursued the repositioning of the investment portfolio throughout
2017. As a result, liquidity, defined as SCOR’s share of cash
and cash equivalents and short-term government bonds (with
maturities above three months and below twelve months) and
bank overdrafts, was significantly decreased towards the target
level of 5% of invested assets, standing at 5% as at December 31,
2017, compared to 11% as at December 31, 2016.

Meanwhile, SCOR further rebalanced its invested assets portfolio
towards its target asset allocation, and increased its exposure to
corporate bonds, representing 46% of invested assets at the end
of 2017 compared to 38% at the end of 2016. Over the same
period, government bonds & assimilated were reduced from

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

25% to 24% of invested assets and covered bonds & Agency
MBS from 11% to 10%. The fixed income portfolio continues
to represent a significant portion of SCOR’s invested assets with
81% invested within this asset class (as at year end 2016: 79%),
and an average rating at “A+” at the end of 2017. The duration
of the fixed income portfolio stood at 4.6 years at the end of
2017 compared to 4.5 years at the end of 2016.

SCOR’s exposure to loans increased marginally to EUR 724 million
as at December 31, 2017 and stands at 4% of invested assets
(as at December 31, 2016: EUR 718 million, representing 4%
of invested assets).

SCOR’s exposure to equity securities increased to EUR 645 million
as at December 31, 2017, representing 3% of invested assets
(as at December 31, 2016: EUR 506 million, representing 2% of
invested assets). This exposure is essentially composed of listed
equities and convertible bonds.

The real estate portfolio decreased to EUR 680 million as at
December 31, 2017, subsequent to the sale of a building and
stands at 4% of invested assets (as at December 31, 2016:
EUR 875 million, 5% of invested assets).

Other investments, comprising mainly Insurance-Linked Securities
(ILS), private equity and infrastructure funds and non-listed equities
slightly increased to EUR 494 million as at December 31, 2017
and represent 3% of invested assets (as at December 31, 2016:
EUR 467 million, 2% of invested assets).

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 33


--- Page 31 ---

O01 SCOR GROUP
Market and financial review

The following table presents a reconciliation of these figures with the IFRS amounts as presented in Section 4 — Consolidated financial

statements
As at December 31, 2017
Management classification Funds Total
Other Total Bet) Total IFRS
Fixed Real invest- SC) and JRISS8 Accrued Technical dassi-
IFRS classification Cash income Loans Equities estate ments (MEST other (Tiga interests items" Biren}
Real estate investments : : : - 701 : 701
Equities : 58 45 430 125 129 787
Debt securities - 15,141 1,043 : : - 16,184 - 16,184 118 - 16,302
Available-for-sale financial assets - 15,199 1,088 430 125 «129 16,971 - 16,971 118 - 17,089
Equities : : - 266 : 891 1,157 - 1,157 - - 1,157
Debt securities : - : - - : - : - : : :
Investments at fair value through
income . . . 266 : 891 1,157 - 1,157 . - 1,157
Loans and receivables” : 8 = 782 : 3 3 796 = 8,501 9,297 2 - 9,299
Derivative instruments : : : : : : : : : : 114 114
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS
INVESTMENTS - 15,207 1,870 696 829 1,023 19,625 8,501 28,126 120 114 28,360
Cash and cash equivalents 1,001 - - - - - 1,001 - 1,001 - - 1,001
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS
INVESTMENTS AND CASH AND.
CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,001 15,207 1,870 696 829 1,023 20,626 8,501 29,127 120 114 29,361
Less third parties’ interests) (145) (132) (1,146) (51) (73), (768) ~—«(2,315) - (2,315)
Other consolidated entities - 45 : - - 239 284 : 284
Direct real estate unrealized gains
and losses? - : : - 152 : 152 : 152
Direct real estate debt - - - - (228) - (228) - (228)
Cash payable/receivable 61 - - - - - 61 - 61
TOTAL MANAGEMENT
CLASSIFICATION 917 15,120 724 645 680 494 18,580 8,501 27,081

(1) Including Atlas CAT bonds and foreign exchange derivatives.

(2) Loans and receivables excluded from invested assets are certificates of deposit (CDs) maturing in more than three months and less than twelve months.

(3) Assets invested by third parties in mutual funds and non-controlling real estate investments fully consolidated by SCOR.

(4) Certain consolidated entities held for investment purposes have been included in the scope of Invested Assets in Q3 2017.

(5) Fair value less carrying amount of real estate investments excluding EUR 9 million attributable to third-party investors.

(6) Real estate financing related to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment purposes) excluding EUR 30 million attributable to third-party
investors.

34 — Registration Document 2017 SCOR


--- Page 32 ---

As at December 31, 2016

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

Management classification Funds Total
Other scm withheld Total IFRS
Fixed Real invest- SC) and JRISS8 Accrued Technical dassi-
IFRS classification Cash income Loans Equities estate ments (MEST other FRICIGN interests items!” BRETT
Real estate investments : : - 770 :
Equities 37 50 297 143 263
Debt securities 14,721 918 : : 1 15,640 15,640 123 15,763
Available-for-sale financial assets - 14,758 968 297 «143264 16,430 16,430 123 16,553
Equities : 278 534 812 812 812
Debt securities : :
Investments at fair value through
income : 278 534 812 : 812 812
Loans and receivables” - 592 693 - : 21 1,306 = 8,505 9,811 4 9,815
Derivative instruments : : : : : : 187 187
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS
INVESTMENTS - 15,350 1,661 575-913 819 19,318 8,505 27,823 127 187 28,137
Cash and cash equivalents 1,688 - - 1,688 1,688 1,688
TOTAL INSURANCE BUSINESS
INVESTMENTS AND CASH AND.
CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,688 15,350 1,661 575-913 819 21,006 8,505 29,511 127 187 29,825
Less third parties’ interests) (177) (205) (942) (69) (73) ~— (352) (1,818) (1,818)
Direct real estate unrealized gains
and losses - 272 - 272 272
Direct real estate debt) - (237) - (237) (237)
Cash payable/receivable 3 - - 3 3
TOTAL MANAGEMENT
CLASSIFICATION 1,514 15,145 19 506 875 467 19,226 8,505 27,731

(1) Including Atlas CAT bonds, mortality swap and FX derivatives.
(2) Other loans and receivables excluded from invested assets are certificates of deposit (CDs) maturing in more than three months and less than twelve months
included in short-term investments as well as infrastructure loans and real estate loans.
(3) Assets invested by third parties in mutual funds and non-controlling real estate investments fully consolidated by SCOR.
(4) Fair value less carrying amount of real estate investments excluding EUR 9 million attributable to third-party investors.
(5) Real estate financing related to real estate investments (buildings owned for investment) excluding EUR 30 million attributable to third-party investors.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 35


--- Page 33 ---

01

36

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

1.3.6. FINANCIAL POSITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES.

The strength of the 2017 results and balance sheet demonstrates
the effectiveness of SCOR's strategy which is based on extensive
business and geographical diversification, focusing on traditional
reinsurance activity with reinsurance liabilities with very limited
exposure to economic activity risks, and no material off balance
sheet exposure.

1.3.6.1. CAPITAL

Shareholders’ equity

Shareholders’ equity stood at EUR 6,225 million at December 31,
2017 from EUR 6,695 million at December 31, 2016 and EUR 6,363
at December 31, 2015. See Section 4.5 —- Consolidated statement
of changes in shareholders’ equity for a description of this change

Book value per share" stood at EUR 33.01 at December 31, 2017
compared to EUR 35.94 and EUR 34.03 at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

On December 15, 2016, following the authorization granted
by SCOR’s shareholders in April 2016, SCOR arranged a new
contingent capital facility with BNP Paribas. This facility replaced,
as from January 1, 2017, the previous contingent capital facilities
which had ended on December 31, 2016. Under this new
EUR 300 million arrangement, SCOR raised its level of protection
by EUR 100 million. For more information on contingent capital,
see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 12 - Information on share capital, capital management,
regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

On July 26, 2017, SCOR launched a share buy-back program
commencing on July 27, 2017, for an amount of up to
EUR 200 million over 24 months, subject to market conditions.
For more information on the share buy-back program, see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 12 - Information on share capital, capital management,
regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

Capital Shield Strategy

The Group reconciles its strategic objectives with the protection
of its capital via its “Capital Shield Strategy”, which articulates
the Group’s risk appetite. This policy is based on an economic
approach and aims to protect the Group against potential
shock losses. The policy is built on the following four concepts:
traditional retrocession, capital market solutions, solvency buffer
and contingent capital facility.

For more information on the Capital Shield Strategy, refer to
Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk mitigation techniques.

For information on the Group's solvency scale, refer to Section 1.3.7
— Solvency and Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 12 — Information on share capital, capital
management, regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

(1) See Section 1.3.9 — Calculation of financial ratios.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

For information on the Atlas special purpose vehicles used in the
Capital Shield Strategy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 2 — Scope of consolidation.

Restrictions on the use of capital

Some of the letters of credit granted by SCOR to cedents require
100% collateral coverage in case of non-compliance with financial
covenants or in case of a decrease in the Group’s financial strength
rating. For example, the Group and its companies are subject
to minimum net worth requirements and maximum debt levels
under the terms of certain stand-by letter of credit agreements.
Non respect of these covenants could lead to an increase in the
percentage of required collateralization.

However, SCOR makes every effort to limit collateral requirements
related to financial covenants or to the Group's financial strength
rating in its financial agreements.

For information on collateral requirements, see Section 3.6 —
Liquidity risks and Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 23 - Commitments received and given

For more information on regulatory restrictions on the use of
capital, see Section 1.2.1 — Introduction, and Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 12 — Information
on share capital, capital management, regulatory framework and
consolidated reserves.

1.3.6.2. BORROWING CONDITIONS AND
FINANCING STRUCTURE

Debt is a key component of the Group's financing strategy. It is
essentially composed of subordinated debt used to optimize its
cost of capital. Subordinated debt provides long-term financial
resources as well as financial flexibility.

The total level of financial liabilities which includes subordinated
debt, real estate financing and other financial liabilities decreased
to EUR 2,702 million from EUR 2,758 million in 2016 (2015:
EUR 3,155 million).

For information on financial liabilities, including their related
covenants, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

For a description of the derivatives used to hedge the risks related
to financial liabilities, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance business investments.


--- Page 34 ---

Subordinated debt and leverage ratio

On May 24, 2016, SCOR successfully placed a dated subordinated
notes issue on the Euro market in the amount of EUR 500 million.
On July 28 and August 2, 2016 respectively, SCOR completed the
calls of the remaining balance of its EUR 350 million (issued in
2006) and CHF 650 million (issued in 2011) perpetual subordinated
note lines.

On June 2, 2015, SCOR successfully placed a dated subordinated
notes issue on the Euro market in the amount of EUR 250 million.
SCOR also called the balance of the USD subordinated step-up
floating-rate notes due 2029, and of the EUR subordinated
step-up floating-rate notes due 2020, on June 25 and July 6,
2015 respectively. On December 2, 2015, SCOR successfully
placed a dated subordinated notes issue on the Euro market in
the amount of EUR 600 million.

On September 24, 2014, SCOR successfully placed perpetual
subordinated notes on the Swiss franc market, with a first call
date on October 20, 2020, for an amount of CHF 125 million.
On September 25, 2014, SCOR successfully placed perpetual
subordinated notes on the Euro market, with a first call date on
October 1, 2025, for a total amount of EUR 250 million.

On September 10, 2013, SCOR successfully placed perpetual
subordinated notes on the Swiss Franc market, with a first call
date on November 30, 2018, for an aggregate total amount of
CHF 250 million.

On September 10, 2012, the Group placed perpetual subordinated
notes, with a first call date in June 2018, for an aggregate total
amount of CHF 250 million. Furthermore, on September 24,
2012, SCOR increased these perpetual subordinated notes by
CHF 65 million

The Group has a leverage ratio of 25.7% at December 31, 2017,
as compared to 24.4% at December 31, 2016 and 27.5%" at
December 31, 2015. This ratio is calculated as the percentage of
subordinated debt compared to total shareholders’ equity plus
subordinated debt. The calculation of the leverage ratio excludes
accrued interest from debt and includes the swaps effect related
to the CHF 315 million and CHF 250 million subordinated debt
issuances.

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

Real estate debts and other financial liabilities

SCOR uses real estate debts and other financial liabilities mainly
to finance real estate investments and for general corporate
purposes. Real estate debts are non-recourse, the debtors’ claims
are limited to assets underlying the financing, and there is an
asset and liability matching with little to no risk that the assets
will be insufficient to service and settle the liabilities. They meet
the conditions for operational leverage and can be classified as
operational debts, and therefore excluded by the rating agencies
from financial leverage calculations. As at December 31, 2017,
real estate financing and other financial liabilities amounted to
EUR 479 million and EUR 12 million, respectively (December 31,
2016: EUR 491 million and EUR 10 million, respectively).
This includes the real estate debt of MRM (company acquired
by SCOR on May 25, 2013) for the amount of EUR 74 million
(EUR 75 million as at December 31, 2016).

Credit facilities

The Group has been granted credit facilities from several companies
of the banking sector to guarantee the reinsurance activities of
various subsidiaries for a global issued amount of USD 3.7 billion
as at December 31, 2017. These credit facilities are stand-by letters
of credit that the banking counterparty agrees to issue in the form
acceptable to the American National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC) or other appropriate regulatory body.

1.3.6.3. LIQUIDITY

The Group’s total liquidity, defined as cash and cash equivalents
(including cash and cash equivalents from third parties)”, short-
term government bonds with maturities above three months and
below twelve months and bank overdrafts, which is well diversified
across a limited number of banks, stood at EUR 1.0 billion at the
end of 2017 (2016: EUR 2.3 billion and 2015: EUR 2.0 billion)
supported by very strong operating cash flow generation. The
Group executed its strategy of redeployment of liquidity as
described by the “Vision in Action” asset management policy.

Total investments, including cash and cash equivalents,
amounted to EUR 29.4 billion at December 31, 2017 compared
to EUR 29.8 billion and EUR 29.3 billion at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 11 - Cash and cash equivalents.

(1) In September 2014 and December 2015, SCOR issued two subordinated notes for EUR 250 million and EUR 600 million, respectively, and refinanced through the
proceeds of these two notes the optional redemptions of the remaining balance of the 6.154% undated deeply subordinated EUR 350 million notes callable in
July 2016 and of the 5.375% fixed to floating rate undated subordinated CHF 650 million notes callable in August 2016. Had these redemptions been effective on

December 31, 2015, the leverage ratio would have amounted to 20.6%.

(2) See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

SOOR

01

Registration Document 2017. 37


--- Page 35 ---

01

38

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

1.3.7. SOLVENCY.

The Group is regulated by the “Solvency Il” European Directive
which applies since January 1, 2016. For more details on solvency
regulations, see Section 1.2.1 - Introduction.

SCOR’'s internal model

Since January 1, 2016, the regulatory solvency position of the
Group has been assessed using SCOR's internal model, which
was approved in November 2015 by the relevant supervisory
authorities.

This comprehensive and holistic model was developed internally
over the last 10 years, on the basis of SCOR’s experience and
expertise. It covers all known material quantifiable risks to which
the Group is exposed (Life and Non-Life underwriting risk, market
and credit risk, operational risk) and reflects SCOR’s risk profile and
strategy. This model is based on the highest scientific standards,
systematically applying stochastic simulations and modeling
dependencies across risks and using cutting-edge methodologies.

SCOR‘s internal model is used extensively to help to prepare
management decisions which involve risk management or solvency
considerations. The solvency position of the Group is monitored
on SCOR's dynamic solvency scale which defines SCOR’s solvency
target — the “optimal range” being between 185% and 220% — as
well as the various management actions to be taken depending
on the solvency position, as shown below. The Solvency scale is
well established and has been confirmed by the new strategic
plan Vision in Action.

1.3.8. CASH FLOWS

Solvency ratio

At year-end 2017, SCOR’s solvency ratio stood at 213%", in
the upper part of the optimal solvency range of 185%-220%
as defined in the “Vision in Action” plan.

Estimated solvency ratio (in %)

~213%

Optimal
range
(185%-220%)

Year-end 2017

Solvency II places great emphasis on the robustness of the risk
management system of (re)insurance companies. SCOR has an
established and robust ERM framework covering existing and
emerging risks.

For further information on risk management mechanisms, see
Section 3 — Risk factors and risk management mechanism and
Appendix A — Internal control and risk management procedures.

Positive operating cash flows amounted to EUR 1,144 million
in 2017 (2016: EUR 1,354 million and 2015: EUR 795 million,
respectively). In 2017, SCOR Global P&C provided strong cash
flow in line with expectations, despite of having commenced
payments on Q3 2017 cat events. SCOR Global Life showed
elevated technical business cash flow in the last quarter of 2017
due to two large transactions. In 2016, strong recurring cash
flows were generated and one exceptional item occurred: SCOR
Global P&C received a non-recurring fund withheld settlement
of approximately EUR 301 million.

Cash flow used in financing activities amounted to EUR (467) million
in 2017 (EUR (895) million in 2016 and positive cash flow of
EUR 417 million in 2015). These amounts principally reflect the
dividend payments, the issuance of one subordinated debt in 2016
and two subordinated debts in 2015 as well as the repayment of
two existing debts in 2016 and of two other existing debts in 2015.

The Group’s total liquidity defined as cash and cash equivalents
(including cash and cash equivalents from third parties)”, short-
term government bonds with maturities above three months and
below twelve months and bank overdrafts, which is well diversified
across a limited number of banks, stands at EUR 1.0 billion at the
end of 2017 (2016: EUR 2.3 billion and 2015: EUR 2.0 billion)
supported by very strong operating cash flow generation.
The Group executed its strategy of redeployment of liquidity as
described by the “Vision in Action” asset management policy.

See Section 4.4 — Consolidated statement of cash flows and
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 4 — Segment information for an analysis of the main cash
flow statement items and Note 11 - Cash and cash equivalents, for
a reconciliation between consolidated net income and operating
cash flows, and between cash and cash equivalents and Group's
total liquidity.

(1) Solvency ratio based on Solvency Il requirements. The Group solvency final results are to be filed to supervisory authorities by June 2018, and may differ from the
estimates expressed or implied in this Registration Document. These estimates were prepared on the basis of the business structure in existence at December 31,
2017 and tax assumptions consistent with those applied to the 2017 annual IFRS Group financial statements.

(2) See Section 1.3.5.4 — Net investment income and investment income on invested assets.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR


--- Page 36 ---

1.3.9. CALCULATION OF FINANCIAL RATIOS.

1.3.9.1. BOOK VALUE PER SHARE

In EUR million

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

01

As at 12/31/2016 As at 12/31/2015

As at 12/31/2017

Group shareholders' equity 6,195 6,661 6,330
Shares issued as at closing date 193,500,317 192,534,569 192,653,095
Treasury shares as at closing date (5,866,249) (7,203,282) (6,661,000)
Basic number of shares 187,634,068 185,331,287 185,992,095
BASIC BOOK VALUE PER SHARE 33.01 35.94 34.03

1.3.9.2. RETURN ON INVESTMENTS AND RETURN ON INVESTED ASSETS

The return on investments (ROI) is used to assess the profitability
of the Group's investments, including funds withheld by cedents
and other deposits less cash deposits. This percentage return is
calculated by dividing the total net investment income by the
average investments (calculated as the quarterly averages of the
total investments).

In EUR million

The return on invested assets (ROIA) is used to assess the return
on the Group’s invested assets excluding funds withheld by
cedents. This percentage return is calculated by dividing the total
investment income on invested assets by the average invested
assets (calculated as the quarterly averages of the total invested
assets).

As at 12/31/2017 As at 12/31/2016

As at 12/31/2015

Average investments? 26,468 26,921 25,739
Total net investment income 764 670 666
Return on investments (ROI) 2.9% 2.5% 2.6%
Average invested assets" 18,757 18,677 17,462
Total investment income on invested assets 656 550 534
Return on invested assets (ROIA) 3.5% 2.9% 3.1%

(1) Average investments are the quarterly averages of the total investments as per the “Invested assets” reconciliation table included in Section 1.3.5.4 — Net
investment income and investment income on invested assets, adjusted for ceded funds withheld.

1.3.9.3. GROUP COST RATIO

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015
Total expenses as per profit & loss account!” (801) (761) (725)
Unallocated loss adjustment expenses (ULAE)? (57) (54) (51)
Total management expenses (858) (815) (776)
Investment management expenses 69 62 52
Total expense base (789) (753) (724)
Corporate finance 2 1 2
Amortization 42 37 35
Non controllable expenses 10 18 13
Total management expenses (for cost ratio calculation) (735) (697) (674)
Gross written premiums 14,789 13,826 13,421
GROUP COST RATIO 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%

(1) Total expenses are investment management expenses, acquisition and administrative expenses and other current operating expenses as presented in

Section 4.2 — Consolidated statement of income.
(2) ULAE are part of gross benefits and claims paid.

SCOR — Registration Document 2017. 39


--- Page 37 ---

01

40

SCOR GROUP

Market and financial review

1.3.9.4. RETURN ON EQUITY

Return on equity (ROE) is based on the Group's share of net income divided by average shareholders’ equity (calculated as time

weighted average shareholders’ equity).

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015
Consolidated net income - Group share 286 603 642
Opening shareholders’ equity — Group share 6,661 6,330 5,694
Weighted consolidated net income” 143 301 321
Payment of dividends” (204) (185) (170)
Weighted increase in capital” 5 (8) (4)
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates® (261) (90) 261
Revaluation of assets available-for-sale and others” 32 (31) (29)
Weighted average shareholders’ equity 6,376 6,317 6,073
ROE 4.5% 9.5% 10.6%

(1) Pro-rata of 50%: linear acquisition throughout the period.
(2) Considers time weighted transaction based on transaction dates.

(3) A daily weighted average is applied used for the currency or currencies that experienced material foreign exchange rates movements, and simple weighted

average is applied used for the other currencies.

1.3.9.5. NET COMBINED RATIO

The loss ratio is calculated by dividing Non-Life claims (including
natural catastrophes) by Non-Life premiums earned. This ratio
is net of retrocession.

The commission ratio is calculated by dividing Non-Life reinsurance
commissions by Non-Life premiums earned. This ratio is net of
retrocession.

The technical ratio is a Non-Life indicator and is calculated as
the sum of the loss ratio and commission ratio. This ratio is net
of retrocession and is used to assess the net performance of
reinsurance transactions excluding P&C management expenses.

The P&C management expense ratio is calculated by dividing
management expenses incurred for Non-Life reinsurance
operations by Non-Life premiums earned. This ratio is net of
retrocession.

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015
Gross earned premiums 5,860 5,553 5,580
Ceded earned premiums (618) (587) (613)
Net earned premiums 5,242 4,966 4,967
Gross benefits and claims paid (4,564) (3,164) (3,135)
Ceded claims 844 210 198
Total Net claims (3,720) (2,954) (2,937)
Loss ratio 71.0% 59.6% 59.1%
Gross commission on earned premiums (1,422) (1,404) (1,327)
Ceded commissions 62 71 75
Total Net commissions (1,360) (1,333) (1,252)
Commission ratio 25.9% 26.8% 25.2%
Total technical ratio 96.9% 86.4% 84.3%
Acquisition and administrative expenses (256) (226) (233)
Other current operating expenses (45) (52) (40)
Other income and expense from reinsurance operations (54) (56) (63)
Total P&C management expenses (355) (334) (336)
Total P&C management expense ratio 6.8% 6.7% 6.8%
TOTAL NET COMBINED RATIO 103.7% 93.1% 91.1%

(1) The net combined ratio calculation has been refined to exclude some immaterial non-technical items that were previously included. Considering their
potential growth, these items have been excluded to ensure they do not distort the net combined ratio in the future. The impacts on the previously reported
ratio is +0,26% pts and +0,22% pts as at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR


--- Page 38 ---

SCOR GROUP O01

Market and financial review

1.3.9.6. LIFE TECHNICAL MARGIN

The Life technical margin is calculated as a percentage of the net technical result plus income from funds held by ceding companies
and the net of gross and ceded earned premiums.

Year ended Year ended
In EUR million 12/31/2017 12/31/2016 12/31/2015
Gross earned premiums 8,738 8,172 7,719
Ceded earned premiums (699) (676) (702)
Net earned premiums 8,039 7,496 7,017
Net technical result 406 361 345
Interest on deposits 162 165 161
Technical result 568 526 506
LIFE TECHNICAL MARGIN 7.1% 7.0% 7.2%

1.3.10. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO DECEMBER 31, 2017

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 26 — Subsequent events, for further details on the events that
occurred since the end of the 2017 financial year.

1.3.11. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY.

Throughout the period of validity of the Registration Document, the bylaws and any other document required by law may be consulted
and are freely available upon request from the registered office of the Company at 5 avenue Kléber, 75116 Paris, France.

The information published by SCOR within the last 12 months from March 3, 2017 to February 23, 2018 is available for downloading
from the following sites:

e Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF): http://www.amf-france.org

Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO): http://www.journal-officiel.gouv.fr/balo

e SCOR: https://www.scor.com/

SCOR — Registration Document 2017. 41


--- Page 39 ---

03

122

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Introduction

3.1. INTRODUCTION

The information included in this section referring to the nature and
extent of risks arising from financial instruments and insurance and
reinsurance contracts as required by IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments:
Disclosures and IFRS 4 — Insurance Contracts, is an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2017.
As such, the corresponding information is audited.

The Group regularly conducts reviews of the risks that could
have a material adverse effect on its activity, its financial situation
or its results (or capacity to reach objectives), and considers
that no other significant risk than those disclosed in the section
below exists. This section outlines the management's current view
of SCOR's main risks and main risk management mechanisms
currently in place.

The Group has identified the following risk categories:
e strategic risks;

© underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance
businesses;

e market risks;

e credit risks;

e liquidity risks;

© operational risks.

If the risks disclosed in this section were to occur, they could
potentially have a significant impact on SCOR’s business, present
and future revenues, net income, cash flows, financial position,
and potentially, on its share price.

All risks described in Section 3 are managed through a variety
of mechanisms in SCOR’s ERM (Enterprise Risk Management)
Framework and the most important of these are described below.

SCOR’s ERM framework is further described in Appendix A —
Internal control and risk management procedures which contains
a description of the Group risk management procedures as well
as the role and function of each administrative and management
body and team involved in risk management and related control
functions.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

Although risk management mechanisms have been designed and
rolled out across the Group in order to prevent all risks from having
a significant impact, there is no guarantee that these mechanisms.
achieve their intended objective. Many of SCOR’s methods for
managing risks and exposures are based on observed historical
market behavior, statistics based on historical models, or expert
judgment. As a result, these methods may not fully predict future
exposures, which may be significantly greater than estimated,
particularly in unstable or volatile markets and environments.
Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation
of information regarding markets, clients, natural catastrophes or
other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to
SCOR. This information may not always be accurate, complete,
upto-date or properly evaluated.

SCOR may also be exposed to emerging risks, which include new
threats or constantly changing current risks with a high degree
of uncertainty. They may arise from the numerous changes to
the environment in which the Group operates, such as changes
in professional practices, or in legal, jurisdictional, regulatory,
social, political, economic, financial and environmental conditions.

Emerging risks may adversely affect SCOR’s reinsurance business
due to either a change in interpretation of the contracts leading to
extensions of covers beyond what policyholders had expected (e.g.
due to the inapplicability or interpretation of certain clauses) or by
increasing the frequency and/or severity of claims. Such risks may
also lead to higher fluctuations than expected in macroeconomic
indicators such as interest rates and price level, or disruptions in
financial markets, further impacting SCOR’s business. In addition,
emerging risks may also have a direct impact on SCOR’s operations,
for instance by generating unexpected additional expenses.
Examples of emerging risks include: cyber-attacks, antimicrobial
resistance, non-controlled bio-experiments, genetic testing,
climate change, autonomous machines, extreme social unrest
and Eurozone break-up.

Therefore, the Group cannot exclude the possibility of exceeding
SCOR‘s risk tolerance limits due to an incorrect estimation of its
risks and exposures. This may have an adverse impact on SCOR’s
business, present and future revenues, net income, cash flows,
financial position, and potentially, on SCOR‘s share price.


--- Page 40 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.2. STRATEGIC RISKS

Strategic risks can arise either from the strategy itself (such as
the accumulation of risks or development in lines of business
or less known markets), from external risks (such as an adverse
economic environment), or from internal risks (such as certain
causes of operational risk). Therefore, many of the risks discussed

3.2.1.
AFFECTING SCOR’S STRATEGY

Strategic risks

throughout Section 3, including emerging risks, could also impact
the success of the strategy.

The main strategic risks to which SCOR is exposed are described
below.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The main risks are the uncertain economic recovery that may affect
SCOR’s growth, in both emerging and advanced economies, and
the poor returns on financial markets exacerbating the adverse
competitive environment.

3.2.1.1. A DETERIORATION IN THE GLOBAL
CAPITAL MARKETS AND GLOBAL
ECONOMY FROM PRESENT
CONDITIONS COULD HAVE A
MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON
SCOR’S BUSINESS AND OPERATING
RESULTS

The Group's operating result could be materially affected by the
economic and financial situations in France and other countries
in continental Europe, the United Kingdom, the United States
of America and elsewhere around the world, particularly in
Latin America and Asia Pacific. Any protracted deterioration in
macroeconomic trends could have an adverse effect on SCOR'S
business and operating result. Even though the global economy
is experiencing a synchronized expansion, several imbalances
accumulated since the 2008 crisis pose significant risks. In particular,
the growing debt of governments in advanced economies and of
private companies in emerging countries could generate significant
adjustments if the main central banks were to significantly raise
interest rates. As a result, financial markets could enter a period
of high volatility, which could lead to adverse consequences
such as waves of company defaults, or a major liquidity crisis.
Although growth in the Eurozone has become more robust,
thanks to both internal and external momentum, its maintenance
may become increasingly difficult due to several challenges; for
example, the ongoing Brexit negotiations, continuing economic
disparities between EU countries and increased political risks.
Increases in Eurozone members’ sovereign yields or even sovereign
defaults may result from these challenges. SCOR cannot predict
whether any of the government securities that it holds in its
investment portfolio will be adversely affected in the future by
ratings downgrades or potential sovereign debt market tensions.
For further information on investments, see Section 1.3.5.4 — Net
investment income and investment income on invested assets
and Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments.

The global economy is also at risk from the exit strategies from
the unconventional policies of central banks, which are either
not defined or will have unknown consequences; for example,
on one hand, an extreme normalization by the FED could spur
a rise in interest rates along the entire yield curve. Financing
conditions could thus deteriorate across sectors and economies.
In particular, emerging and developing economies may suffer
from capital outflows in the wake of a faster than expected US
monetary normalization. On the other hand, significant delays
in the normalization of exceptionally accommodating monetary
policies might increase biases in the price of many assets, with
the possibility of asset bubbles developing and then bursting in
some markets and/or leading to a resurgence of high inflation
for a protracted period.

This uncertain environment and the potential market volatility
may have an adverse effect on SCOR, from both an investment
and reinsurance business viewpoint.

Impact on SCOR’s investment activities

SCOR has a large investment portfolio. In the event of extreme
prolonged market events, such as global credit crises, SCOR could
incur significant losses in its investment portfolio.

See Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments, which includes analyses
of unrealized and realized investment losses.

Even in the absence of a market downturn, SCOR remains
exposed to a substantial risk of losses due to market volatility.
See Section 3.4 — Market risks.

Impact on SCOR’s reinsurance business

SCOR is also dependent upon customer behavior and premium
growth. The Group’s premiums could decline in the case of an
unfavourable macroeconomic environment and its profit margins
could erode. In an economic downturn, the demand for SCOR’s
and its clients’ products could be adversely affected. Factors such
as government and consumer spending, corporate investment,
the volatility and strength of both debt and equity markets,
and inflation, all affect the business and economic environment
and ultimately, the size and profitability of SCOR’s business.
In addition, the ongoing low interest rate environment continues
to stimulate the inflow of alternative capital, which has been
contributing to the current soft market i.e. the reduction in (re)
insurance premium rates.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 123


--- Page 41 ---

03

124

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Strategic risks

The Group may also experience an elevated incidence of claims
or be impacted by a decrease in demand for reinsurance and
increased surrenders of policies from the cedents (see paragraph
on lapse risk in Section 3.3.2 —Life reinsurance) that could affect
the current and future profitability of its business. Although written
premiums have seen steady growth in prior years, a prolonged
economic crisis could result in lower written premiums in the
future.

3.2.1.2. SCOR IS EXPOSED TO SIGNIFICANT
AND PROTRACTED DEVIATIONS OF
INFLATION FROM ITS TREND

The Group’s liabilities are exposed to a significant increase in
the rate of inflation (prices and salaries) which would require an
increase in the value of reserves, in particular in respect of P&C
long-tail business, e.g. general liability (medical among others)
and motor bodily injury claims. In addition, SCOR is exposed to
claims inflation over and above general inflation and in particular
to the inflation of court awards in respect of general liability and
bodily injury claims. For further information on P&C long-tail
reserve deterioration, refer to Section 3.3.1 — P&C reinsurance.

SCOR‘s assets are also exposed to increased inflation or inflationary
expectations, accompanied by a rise in the yield curve with a
subsequent reduction in the market value of its fixed income
portfolios. Increased inflation could also have a negative impact on
the solvency of bond issuers; a widening of credit spreads would
lead to a loss of value for the issuers’ bonds. Finally, depending on
the macroeconomic environment, an increase in inflation could
also reduce the value of SCOR’s equity portfolio. Any negative

3.2.2. RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT.

3.2.2.1. SCOR OPERATES IN A HIGHLY
COMPETITIVE SECTOR AND WOULD
BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY
LOSING COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
OR IF ADVERSE EVENTS HAD AN
IMPACT ON THE REINSURANCE
INDUSTRY

Reinsurance is a highly competitive sector. As is the case for all
other reinsurers, SCOR‘s position in the reinsurance market is based
on several factors, such as its financial strength as assessed by
the rating agencies, its underwriting expertise, its reputation and
experience in the lines written, the countries in which it operates,
the premiums charged, as well as the quality of the proposed
reinsurance products and services offered, particularly in terms of

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

fluctuations in equity values would lead to a similar decrease in
shareholders’ equity.

Although the risk of inflation is relatively higher in the current
context of exceptionally accommodating monetary policies,
theoretically, the risk of deflation cannot be excluded. The Group's
liabilities could be exposed to a protracted period of deflation
which could exert a negative pressure on reinsurance prices and
decrease the value of new premiums.

A protracted period of deflation would also induce a decrease in
interest rates all along the yield curve and may therefore negatively
impact the returns on SCOR‘s fixed income assets. In addition, the
value of SCOR’s equity portfolio might be reduced as deflation
could reduce the future cash flows of the companies whose
stocks are part of the Group’s portfolio.

In conclusion, both high inflation and a protracted episode of
deflation could have a material adverse effect on SCOR.

3.2.1.3. MANAGEMENT OF RISKS RELATED
TO THE MACROECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENT

These risks are monitored via a robust strategic planning approach
and regular risk reporting mechanisms throughout the Group,
including complementary risk analyses on ad-hoc topics, where
deemed necessary. Potential impacts on SCOR‘s risk profile are
managed through a variety of dedicated and transversal risk
management mechanisms. For more details on risk reporting
mechanisms and roles and responsibilities of SCOR’s main
governance bodies, see Appendix A — Internal control and risk
management procedures.

claims settlement and payment. The Group competes for business
in the European, American, Asian and other international markets
with numerous international and domestic reinsurance companies,
some of which have a larger market share than SCOR, greater
financial resources, state backing, and, in certain cases, higher
ratings from the rating agencies.

Therefore, SCOR remains exposed to the risk of losing its
competitive advantage. In particular, when available reinsurance
capacity via traditional reinsurers or capital markets is greater
than the demand from ceding companies. Its competitors, in
particular (re)insurers benefiting from higher ratings than SCOR's
or other competitors in alternative capital markets, may be better
positioned to enter new contracts and gain market shares at
SCOR's expense.


--- Page 42 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Furthermore, the Group’s reputation is sensitive to reinsurance
sector information. It can be affected by adverse events concerning
competitors but also by its own business activity, such as financial
difficulties following a major market event. Loss of reputation due
to internal risks would also weaken SCOR's competitive position.

3.2.2.2. CONSOLIDATION IN THE INSURANCE
AND REINSURANCE INDUSTRIES
COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT SCOR

As in previous years, 2017 continued to see significant M&A
activity among (re)insurers.

Within the insurance industry, these consolidated entities may
use their enhanced market power and broader capital base to
negotiate price reductions for SCOR’s products and services,
and reduce their use of reinsurance, and as such, the Group
may experience price declines and possibly write less business.

Strategic risks

Within the reinsurance industry, such external growth activity
could potentially enhance these players’ competitive position,
e.g. in terms of being able to offer greater capacity or broader
product offerings, which could permit them to gain market shares
at SCOR’s expense.

3.2.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPETITIVE
ENVIRONMENT

As for risks related to the macro-economic environment, risks
related to the competitive environment are monitored via a robust
strategic planning approach and regular risk reporting mechanisms
throughout the Group, including complementary risk analyses on
ad-hoc topics, where deemed necessary. For more details on risk
reporting mechanisms and roles and responsibilities of SCOR’s
main governance bodies, see Appendix A — Internal control and
risk management procedures.

3.2.3. RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

3.2.3.1. MAIN RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL
AND REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

SCOR is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulations and
to the supervision of the insurance and reinsurance regulatory
authorities in all countries in which it operates. Some of these
authorities, especially in non-European countries, are considering
or may in the future consider enhanced or new regulatory
requirements intended to prevent future crises or otherwise
assure the stability of institutions under their supervision and
submit them to reinforced measures of control and higher capital
requirements. These changes could affect the calculation of the
local solvency ratio and have a material adverse impact on the
Group. Insurance and reinsurance supervisory authorities have
broad administrative power over many aspects of the reinsurance
industry and SCOR cannot predict the timing or form of any
future regulatory initiatives.

The Solvency II regime applies since January 1, 2016, in the
European Union. It was transposed into national laws in all relevant
European jurisdictions over recent years. Actual implementation
by supervisory and regulatory authorities could vary between
these jurisdictions, which could place SCOR at a competitive
disadvantage with regard to other European financial services
groups.

Furthermore, the supervisory and regulatory authorities
could develop new regulations with the objective of further
strengthening the protection of policyholders and/or financial

stability, especially in developing countries. These new regulations
may then increase solvency margin obligations, thereby restricting
SCOR's underwriting capacity.

The IAIS is developing a new approach to evaluating and mitigating
systemic risk in the insurance sector and SCOR may be impacted
by the revised systemic risk framework scheduled to become
effective in 2020, with the risk of a higher capital requirement,
a Higher Loss Absorbency (HLA), and greater regulatory burdens
such as the establishment of resolution plans.

In the meantime, the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors (IAIS) has been developing a common framework for
internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs), the “ComFrame”.
It is the IAIS‘s intention to develop Insurance Capital Standards
(ICSs) to be applied by all IAIGs with full implementation in 2025
This development could jeopardize the extent of recognition of
diversification effects or the use of internal models and there is a
risk that these rules could have an impact on capital management
aspects. Moreover, these standards involve risks in terms of
competition on a level playing field if they are not implemented
simultaneously and consistently across different jurisdictions.

Similarly, changes in tax legislation and regulations, or in
their interpretation, may have a negative impact on SCOR's
performance, including financial results, and business model
(such as unfavorable changes in deferred taxes resulting from
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts enacted in United States). Refer to
Section 1.3.3 - Significant events of the year.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 125,


--- Page 43 ---

03

126

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Strategic risks

3.2.3.2. OTHER LEGAL AND
REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

The reinsurance sector has been exposed in the past, and may
be exposed in the future, to involvement in legal proceedings,
regulatory inquiries and actions by various administrative and
regulatory authorities, as well as to regulation concerning certain
practices used in the insurance sector.

More generally, adverse changes in laws or regulations or an
adverse outcome of any legal proceeding could have an adverse
impact on SCOR. For further details on SCOR's current litigations,
see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 25 - Litigation.

For further information on risks related to current legislation
and regulations and their impact on SCOR’s operations, see
Section 3.7.1.4 — Risks related to external events.

3.2.4. DOWNGRADE RISK

3.2.3.3. MANAGEMENT OF RISKS RELATED
TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY
DEVELOPMENTS

SCOR monitors the legal and regulatory developments which
could have an impact on the Group and its entities, ensuring
in particular that it takes an active position in relation to the
requirements to which it is exposed or could be exposed in the
different jurisdictions where it operates and that it prepares in
due time for their implementation.

In particular, developments in existing or emerging prudential
regulations (such as Solvency Il, ComFrame or the regulations on
systemic risk) are monitored at Group level by the Prudential and
Regulatory Affairs Department. Regulations relating to corporate
law and business compliance are monitored by the General
Secretariat and, within it, the Legal Department.

3.2.4.1. OVERVIEW OF SCOR’S
DOWNGRADE RISK

Credit ratings are very important to all reinsurance companies,
including SCOR, as ceding companies wish to reinsure their risks
with companies that have a satisfactory financial position. For more
details on the current rating of the Group, see Section 1.2.4 —
Ratings information.

Impact on SCOR’s reinsurance business

Some of SCOR's cedents’ credit models or reinsurance guidelines
face regulatory capital requirements or depend on their reinsurers’
credit rating. If SCOR's rating deteriorates, cedents could be
forced to increase their capital requirement in respect of their
counterparty risk on SCOR. This could lead to a loss of competitive
advantage for SCOR.

Consequently, the Group’s reinsurance activities are sensitive to
the way its existing and prospective clients perceive its financial
strength, notably through its ratings.

Many of SCOR‘s reinsurance treaties, notably in the US and in Asia,
and also increasingly in Europe, contain clauses concerning the
financial strength of the Company and/or its operating subsidiaries,
and provide for the possibility of early termination for its cedents if
the rating of the Company and/or its subsidiaries is downgraded.
Early termination may also occur when the net financial position
of the Company falls below a certain threshold, or if it carries
out a reduction in share capital.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

Impact on the Group’s letters of credit

Many of the Group’s reinsurance treaties contain a requirement
to put in place letters of credit (LOC) as a general requirement or
when triggered by a downgrade of SCOR or one of its subsidiaries.
In certain circumstances, the cedent has the right to draw down
on a LOC issued by a bank in SCOR’s name.

Some LOCs issued by banks providing such facilities may be
collateralized with securities. The value of the collateral can be
different from the amount of the LOC. For some facilities, initial
collateral requirements may be increased following a downgrade
of SCOR’s rating, impacting the Group's liquidity level. In the case
of a LOC being drawn by a cedent, the bank has the right to
request a cash payment from this collateral, up to the amount
drawn by the cedent.

In the case of a large number of LOCs being drawn simultaneously,
SCOR could encounter difficulties in providing the total amount of
required cash or fungible assets, i.e. exposing itself to a liquidity
risk.

Moreover, some of SCOR’s facilities contain conditions about its
financial situation which, if not met, constitute a default and might
result in the suspension of the use of current credit facilities and/
or a prohibition on obtaining new lines of credit or result in the
need to negotiate new LOC facilities under adverse conditions.

For more details about the Group’s lines of credit, see Section 1.3.6 -—
Financial position, liquidity and capital resources. For more details
on liquidity risk, see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risks.


--- Page 44 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.2.4.2. MANAGEMENT
OF DOWNGRADE RISK

SCOR’s current ratings are at the highest levels within the
reinsurance sector after Standard & Poor's and Fitch upgraded
the Group’s ratings to “AA-/Stable” from “A+/Positive” in 2015,
followed by a Moody's upgrade to “Aa3/Stable” in 2016 and the
recent upgrade by AM Best to “A+/Stable” in 2017. Therefore,
a downgrade by one notch would have a limited impact on its
future business development, its liquidity position or its capacity
to raise funds. For further information on SCOR’s current rating,
see Section 1.2.4 — Ratings information

SCOR monitors its ratings assigned by the top four rating agencies
via a dedicated team placed under the supervision of the Group
Chief Financial Officer.

Strategic risks

This team analyses rating agencies’ methodologies, reports
published on the reinsurance market, on SCOR and on its main
competitors, in order to anticipate any potential rating actions. It
also monitors specific qualitative and quantitative Key Performance
Indicators developed by the four main rating agencies, and
performs analyses of selected deterministic scenarios (for more
details on ‘footprint scenarios’ process, see Appendix A - Internal
control and risk management procedures). It also monitors
the capital adequacy level as measured by the capital models
developed by rating agencies.

3.2.5. THE VALUATION OF SCOR’S INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND DEFERRED TAX
ASSETS MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT ITS SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

AND THE PRICE OF ITS SECURITIES.

3.2.5.1. RISKS RELATED TO THE VALUATION
OF SCOR’S INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

Asignificant portion of SCOR’s assets consists of intangible assets,
the value of which depends on its expected future profitability
and cash flows. The valuation of intangible assets is largely based
on subjective and complex judgments concerning items that are
uncertain by nature. If a change were to occur in the assumptions
underlying the valuation of its intangible assets (including goodwill,
value of business acquired and deferred acquisition costs), SCOR
would have to reduce their value, in whole or in part, thereby
reducing shareholders’ equity and its results.

The recognition of deferred tax assets, i.e. the likelihood of
recognizing sufficient profits in the future to offset losses,
depends on the performance of each entity concerned as well
as applicable tax laws, regulatory requirements and accounting
methods. The occurrence of events, such as operational earnings
lower than currently projected or losses continuing over a longer
period than originally planned or changes in tax legislation,
regulatory requirements, or accounting methods could lead to
the derecognition of part of the deferred tax assets for accounting
and/or regulatory purposes.

Details of intangible assets, related impairment testing policy
and recent acquisitions are included in Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 1 — Accounting
principles and methods, Note 3 — Acquisitions and disposals,
Note 5 — Goodwill, Note 6 — Value Of Business Acquired and
Note 17 — Income taxes.

3.2.5.2. MANAGEMENT OF VALUATION
RISKS RELATED TO SCOR’S
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND DEFERRED
TAX ASSETS

Valuation risks related to SCOR’s intangible assets and deferred
tax assets are managed through robust processes and controls
throughout the Group.

See Section 3.7 — Operational risks for further details on SCOR’s
Internal control system approach, Appendix A — Internal control
and risk management procedures, Section 4.1 — Group functions
for a description of some of the departments involved in the
management of intangible assets and Appendix A — Internal
control and risk management procedures, Section 7 — Financial
reporting for further details on the production of SCOR‘s technical
and financial results, including intangible assets.

For further details on the management of valuation risks related
to goodwill and Value of Business Acquired, see Section 3.2.6.2 —
Risks related to acquisitions.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 127


--- Page 45 ---

03

128

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Strategic risks

3.2.6. OTHER STRATEGIC RISKS.

SCOR may be exposed to other less significant strategic risks
further described below.

3.2.6.1. RISKS RELATED TO CAPITAL

Capital may not be completely fungible between
different regulated legal entities, which may
have negative consequences

SCOR‘s regulated legal entities must satisfy local regulatory capital
requirements. There could potentially be some local regulatory
constraints, which in certain circumstances could affect SCOR’s
ability to transfer capital from one legal entity to another, and
in particular from one subsidiary or branch to another, or to the
parent legal entity. This may have negative consequences for
the legal entity concerned and could have a material adverse
impact on SCOR.

In addition, ongoing regulatory developments and discussions
on global standards may impact SCOR in the future.

Adverse capital and credit market conditions
may significantly affect SCOR’s ability to access
capital and/or liquidity and increase its cost of
capital

Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit
markets may also limit the Group’s access to capital required to
operate its business, most significantly its insurance operations.
Such market conditions may limit its ability to:

e replace, in a timely manner, maturing debts;
e access the capital needed to grow its business;

e satisfy statutory capital requirements and maintain a solvency
ratio in line with its risk appetite framework.

As such, SCOR may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter
term securities than it prefers, or bear an unattractive cost of
capital which could decrease its profitability and significantly
reduce its financial flexibility.

Disruptions to financial markets, and more particularly credit
market conditions, could also affect SCOR’s ability to access
liquidity. Please see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risks, for further details.

For further information on changes in the macro-economic
environment that could impact SCOR, refer to Section 3.2.1 — Risks
related to the macroeconomic environment affecting SCOR’s
strategy.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

Management of risks related to capital

Risks related to capital are managed via specific principles and
processes throughout the Group. SCOR ensures maximum capital
fungibility within the Group through:

e a reduced number of subsidiaries enhancing fungibility while
supporting local business presence. It is facilitated by the
“Societas Europaea” (SE) structure supported by an efficient
branch set-up in Europe, enabling integrated supervision at
Group parent company level through SCOR SE, focusing on
communication with a limited number of supervisors with whom
SCOR can share its global strategy, while taking advantage of
diversification benefits;

© an integrated supervision of regulatory constraints at Group
level and an optimal capital allocation.

SCOR efficiently manages its capital allocation and fungibility
between subsidiaries within the legal and regulatory constraints.
SCOR is continuously leveraging, in its day-to-day activity, on
various tools that are core to the reinsurance activity (such as
intra-group retrocession, intra-group financing, portfolio transfer,
capital transfer or collateral posting).

3.2.6.2. RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS

Overview of risks related to acquisitions

SCOR has made a number of acquisitions around the world.
Acquisitions involve risks that could adversely affect its operating
results, including the substantial amount of management time
that may be diverted from operations to pursue and complete
acquisitions. Acquisitions could also result in additional
indebtedness, costs, contingent liabilities, impairment and
amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible
assets. In addition, acquisitions may expose SCOR to operational
challenges and various risks.

A failure to successfully manage such operational challenges
could adversely affect the Group.

The businesses SCOR has recently acquired are described in
Section 1.2.2 — History and development of SCOR.


--- Page 46 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Specific risks relating to the acquired businesses are as follows:

Integration of the acquired activities may prove to
be more difficult than expected

Integrations may take longer, be more expensive or more difficult
than expected. The success of integrations may depend on
operational and commercial planning, execution of systems
and procedures, and on the retention of key employees.
Difficulties could result in higher integration costs or fewer
synergies than expected.

Retaining client relationships and related business
volumes

It may be outside the control and influence of SCOR to retain
certain client relationships and business volumes related to
acquired businesses. Related earnings and efficiencies may
be lower than expected, which may dilute the return on such
acquisition related investments.

AEGON’s insolvency might impair the value of
business acquired (VOBA) of SCOR Global Life

Since August 2011, the majority of the mortality reinsurance
business in the US related to the former Transamerica Reinsurance
business flows into SCOR via retrocession from AEGON companies.
Not all underlying reinsurance agreements between cedents and
AEGON have been novated; an AEGON insolvency might reduce or
terminate cedent premiums passed on to SCOR. In this case, the
value of business acquired (“VOBA") would have to be reassessed
and this could result in a material adverse effect on SCOR.

Certain risks relating to acquired companies may
not yet be known

Due notably to the size and complexities of acquisitions, and
despite pre-acquisition due diligence work carried out, there

Strategic risks

may be a risk that not all financial elements (including litigation
related to prior periods) have been fully and/or correctly evaluated.
Unknown or unexpected financial risks could emerge, which may
have significant consequences on the initially estimated impact
of the relevant acquisition on the combined Group.

Management of risks related to acquisitions

SCOR adheres to high internal standards for acquisition processes,
governance and integration, based on an approach approved by
its Executive Committee.

SCOR retains outside legal, accounting, tax, actuarial, regulatory
and financial counsel for its due diligence, valuation and
integration assessments and execution, led by experienced
employees in various multi-jurisdictional disciplines, including
but not limited to underwriting, structuring, valuation, accounting,
tax, actuarial, risk management, legal, audit, strategy, claims
management, regulatory, rating agencies, and asset management.
SCOR's overnance is overseen by a Group Steering Committee,
chaired by its Chief Executive Officer and includes various members
of SCOR's Executive Committee. All progress, assessments and any
offers made to third parties are generally presented and approved
by the Strategic Committee of SCOR's Board of Directors.

All planned acquisition projects that may have an impact on
SCOR‘s risk profile are reviewed in collaboration with SCOR‘s risk
management teams. Integration of acquired businesses typically
begins during the due diligence phase and is carefully planned
between SCOR and the personnel of the acquired companies.
SCOR integration plans typically take into account all systems,
procedures, commitments and constraints, as well as employees,
clients, suppliers and contractual third parties, and focuses on
pre-closing, closing day and post-closing objectives. While SCOR
has experience in managing acquisitions and takes care in planning
and executing such operations, the outcomes may not always
meet expectations.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 129


--- Page 47 ---

03

130

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3. UNDERWRITING RISKS RELATED TO THE P&C AND LIFE

REINSURANCE BUSINESSES

For further details on the terminology used to describe the Group's
activity, see Section 1.2.5 — Business overview.

The main risk the Group faces in relation to insurance and
reinsurance contracts is that the actual amounts of claims and
indemnity payments, or the timing thereof, differ from estimates.
The frequency of claims, their severity, the actual payments
made, the development of long-tail claims (whether they be
litigated or not), and long-term mortality trends as well as external
factors such as those listed below, are all beyond the Group's
control. Additionally, the Group is dependent on the quality
of underwriting of its cedents for certain reinsurance treaties,
and on the quality of claims management by these companies
and the data provided by them. Under these uncertainties, the
Group seeks to ensure that sufficient reserves are available to
cover its liabilities.

Generally, SCOR’s ability to increase or maintain its portfolios
of insurance and reinsurance risks in the P&C and Life divisions
may depend on external factors such as professional practices,
legal, jurisdictional, regulatory, social, political, economic,
financial and environmental conditions. These factors create
uncertainties and may adversely affect SCOR’s business due to
either an interpretation of the contracts leading to an extension
of coverage (e.g. through inapplicability or interpretation or
overriding of treaty clauses) or by increasing the frequency and/
or severity of claims beyond what was anticipated at the time
of the underwriting.

SCOR mitigates its underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life
reinsurance businesses through the purchase of risk-mitigation
covers, both on the traditional retrocession market and on the
capital markets via alternative risk transfer solutions (e.g. the

3.3.1. P&C REINSURANCE

multi-year securitization of catastrophic and pandemic risk in the
form of Insurance-Linked Securities (“ILS”) and the issuance of
contingent capital facilities). However, there is a risk that SCOR may
not be able to transfer its liabilities through the purchase of such
instruments on economically viable terms and conditions in the
future. For further details on retrocession and other risk mitigation
techniques within SCOR, see Section 3.3.1.4 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the P&C business and 3.3.2.7
— Management of underwriting risk related to Life reinsurance
business and Appendix A — Internal control and risk management
procedures — paragraph on capital shield strategy.

Consistent with the Group's strategy of selective market and
business division development, SCOR seeks to maintain a portfolio
of business risks that is strategically diversified geographically,
by line and class of business and over time (short and long-tail).
The Group’s insurance risk exposure is mitigated by diversification
across a large portfolio of reinsurance contracts. The volatility of
risks is reduced by careful business selection, implementation of
underwriting guidelines, the use of retrocession and other risk
transfer arrangements and proactive claims handling as well
as underwriting, claims and administration audits at ceding
companies.

SCOR underwrites reinsurance covers in P&C and Life and
occasionally in direct P&C and Life insurance.

SCOR writes direct insurance, primarily on a business-to-business
basis to cover large corporate risks through the Business Solutions
domain of the P&C division and through the participation in Lloyd's
syndicates including the Channel Syndicate, for which SCOR is
the sole capital provider as well as through some participations
in Business Ventures and Partnerships.

The main risks linked with the P&C reinsurance business (and
direct insurance activity) underwritten by SCOR'’s P&C division
are, natural catastrophes, P&C long-tail reserves deterioration
and man-made catastrophes, including terrorism, and other risks
beyond its direct control such as systemic crises or the cyclicality
of the business.

3.3.1.1. P&C LONG-TAIL RESERVE
DETERIORATION

This is the risk that the P&C claims inflation is higher than assumed
in the calculation of the reserves and mostly affects the long-tail
lines of business, such as all casualty, professional liability and

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

financial lines, inherent defect and construction warranty, medical
malpractice, motor (first and third-party liability) and workers’
compensation. Claims inflation is influenced by, but not directly
linked to general inflation.

For casualty business, the frequency and severity of claims and
the related amounts of indemnity paid can be affected by several
factors. The most significant factors are the changing legal and
regulatory environment, including changes in civil liability law
and jurisprudence.

For further information on risks related to reserves, see
Section 3.3.4 — Risks related to reserves.


--- Page 48 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3.1.2. NATURAL AND MAN-MADE
CATASTROPHES

SCOR’s property business underwritten by the P&C division is
exposed to multiple insured losses arising from single or multiple
events, which can be catastrophic, being either caused by nature
(e.g. hurricane, typhoon, windstorm, flood, hail, severe winter
storm, earthquake) or man-made (e.g. explosion, fire at a major
industrial facility, act of terrorism). Any such catastrophic event
can generate insured losses in one or several of SCOR's lines of
business.

Natural catastrophes

The most material catastrophes in SCOR’s risk profile are related to
natural events, mainly tropical cyclones, windstorms, earthquakes
and floods arising in North America and Europe and affecting
property, engineering and possibly other lines of business.

SCOR manages its gross exposure to catastrophes through a
comprehensive risk transfer and capital protection program which
combines traditional retrocession and non-traditional solutions,
including catastrophe bonds and a contingent capital equity line.

For further information on management of underwriting risks
within the P&C division, refer to Section 3.3.1.4 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the P&C business. For further
information on SCOR’s retrocession and other risk mitigation
techniques, refer to Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and other risk
mitigation techniques.

Man-made catastrophes

SCOR is exposed to insured losses, arising from single or multiple
events, which can be catastrophic, caused by the occurrence
of a man-made event. The lines of business mostly exposed
to man-made catastrophe are Property (other than natural
catastrophe), Marine, Motor, Casualty, Credit and Surety, Aviation
and Space.

Property

Man-made catastrophes refer to negligent or deliberate human
actions, e.g. conflagration, a large explosion and fire at a major
industrial site, and terrorism. These events can cause great damage
to property and lives. Malicious man-made events often target
large cities and illustrious landmarks such as international airports
and governmental facilities.

In particular, SCOR is exposed to single or multiple terrorist
attacks through some P&C treaties and national terrorism pools.
Terrorism exposures are monitored on a worldwide basis as a fully
integrated part of the Underwriting Management Framework.
Underwriting guidelines stipulate the rules and procedures for

terrorism risk for Treaty P&C, Specialty lines and SCOR Business
Solutions (SBS). SCOR monitors this risk using a very conservative
approach

SCOR's exposure to terrorism arises from participation in the
protection of existing national terrorism pools and exposure from
some markets that do not permit the exclusion of terrorism from
insurance policies due to local regulation, such as in the US, or
due to market practice. Furthermore, the US insurance market
is exposed to significant risks due to the insurance obligation
created by the law. However federal aid is also provided by the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (“TRIPRA”).

A terror event could also have an impact on SCOR’ life portfolio.
Although in past events the life claims incurred have been relatively
small compared to the non-life claims, a terrorist act might claim
a large number of insured lives.

Casualty

SCOR is also exposed to man-made casualty catastrophes whose
underlying nature and key specificities can vary widely, from
commonly used products (with Asbestos as a typical example) or
massive product liability losses emanating from items produced by
asingle manufacturer, to a single disastrous event (e.g. Deepwater
Horizon oil rig explosion).

The amount of information available on casualty catastrophes
is limited. In contrast to property catastrophes, which are short
term in nature (limited number of days between insured event
and loss emergence), at which point reasonable estimates of the
size of the loss can be calculated, most casualty catastrophes
emerge gradually and the full extent of the losses is often not
known for decades.

SCOR is engaged in the development of advanced liability
catastrophe analytics, and data mining and modeling techniques
for improving its prediction capabilities for man-made casualty
event losses.

Property and Casualty

The extent of the loss event and the affected lines of business
will vary depending on the man-made event. SCOR can be
affected from a man-made event simultaneously in the property
and the casualty lines of business, e.g. if the explosion at a large
industrial site destroys the industrial facility, but also pollutes the
environment, given its proximity to vulnerable landscape (e.g.
river, lake), and causes property damages and bodily injuries
affecting the population.

For further information on management of underwriting risks
within the P&C Division, refer to Section 3.3.1.4 - Management
of underwriting risks related to the P&C business.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 131


--- Page 49 ---

03

132

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3.1.3. OTHER RISKS

In addition to the two main underwriting risks of SCOR’s P&C
Division as listed above, other factors could have an adverse
impact, such as systemic crisis, cyclicality of the business and
concentration risks related to its broker business.

Systemic crisis

Historically, reinsurers have experienced significant fluctuations in
operating income due to volatile and unpredictable developments,
many of which are beyond the control of the reinsurer including
general economic conditions, levels of capacity offered by the
market, and the level of competition with regards to pricing. In
particular some of SCOR‘s lines of business which are directly
linked to financial activities are more exposed to global economic
recessions (e.g. systemic crisis post Lehman Brothers): as an
example specialty lines such as credit and surety or liability risk
such as Errors & Omissions and Directors & Officers Liability.

Cyclicality of the business

P&C insurance and reinsurance businesses are cyclical. The primary
consequences of the market softening are a reduction in the
volume of P&C reinsurance premiums on the market, an increase in
competition within the reinsurance market, and also a preference
for those operators who are most attentive to the specific needs
of the cedents and the most capable of meeting them. This could
potentially lead to a loss of competitive advantage for SCOR.

Beyond the general trends, the premium rate cycle affects certain
geographic markets and/or certain lines of business in different
ways and different extents, independently of each other.

Concentration risk related to its broker business

SCOR generates its P&C business both through brokers and
through direct relationships with insurance company clients.
The risk for SCOR is mainly the concentration of premiums written
through a limited number of brokers. A significant reduction in
the business generated through these brokers could potentially
reduce premium volume and net income. For further information,
refer to Section 1.2.5.4 — paragraph on Distribution by production
source. for a breakdown of SCOR’s business though brokers.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

3.3.1.4. MANAGEMENT OF UNDERWRITING
RISKS RELATED TO THE P&C
BUSINESS

The P&C Division is organized in order to enable it to assess and
control its risks at each level of its business.

e Most of the business underwritten is renewed on agreed dates.
This enables SCOR to establish annual underwriting plans, both
qualitative (description of the environment) and quantitative
(activity budget). These plans are approved by the Executive
Committee.

e The Property and Casualty Treaty underwriters manage client
relationships and offer reinsurance support after a careful
review and assessment of the cedents’ underwriting policies,
portfolio profiles, exposures and management procedures.
They are responsible for writing treaty business as well as
associated support on small and medium-size facultative risks
in their respective territories within the limits of their individually
delegated underwriting authority and the scope of underwriting
guidelines.

Most of SCOR’s facultative underwriters work in the Business
Solutions domain of its P&C division, which operates worldwide.
This business area is dedicated to large corporate businesses
and is geared to provide the clients of the P&C division with
solutions for coverage of large conventional risks.

Underwriting and pricing guidelines, defined by the P&C
division, specify the underwriting capacities delegated to each
underwriter in each entity, as well as the underwriting rules and
principles to be complied with. These guidelines are subject to
a regular review and approval process. SCOR’s underwriting
guidelines are more restrictive regarding certain areas with
difficult or uncertain legal environments.

— Underwriting guidelines in place within the P&C division
specify (i) the underwriting rules and principles to be complied
with: (ji) the underwriting capacities individually delegated to
the underwriters in each of the markets and lines of business
in which the Group operates as well as (iii) the relevant
maximum acceptable commitments per risk and per event.
They are reviewed and updated annually by the Underwriting
Management function and approved by the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Risk Officer of SCOR’s P&C division.

— Pricing guidelines and parameters apply to all treaties priced
within the P&C division. There are additional guidelines related
to Natural Catastrophes and others specific to certain products
which include Agriculture and Credit & Surety. These guidelines
seek to ensure that the analyses provide: i) best estimate of
the costs and profitability of a treaty as well as the uncertainty
surrounding estimates; ii) assistance with underwriting
decisions and iii) the suitable outputs needed for the risk
management process, in particular the internal model, such
as probability distributions for losses/Net Present Value (NPV),


--- Page 50 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS
Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

cash flow patterns for premium/losses, etc. They are set to
provide consistency and continuity across the organization
but also to take into account differences between markets
and lines of business as well as the geographical location of
the client and the risks insured. Parameters are revised at
least once a year to consider, as the case may be, changing
market conditions and environment. Contracts that meet
certain risk thresholds are subject to mandatory peer reviews
that have to be performed and documented before pricing
is completed. SCOR’s P&C division uses a data system that
allows management to monitor and review the results from
pricing tools.

e The underwriting teams are supported by the P&C division‘s
Underwriting Management function located in Paris and
represented in the three Hubs. This function provides worldwide
treaty and facultative underwriting guidelines, policies regarding
the delegation of capacity, underwriting support to specific
lines of business or individual risks when required, ceding
company portfolio analysis and risk surveys and is responsible
for monitoring and referral of non-standard business and for
authorizing exceptions to the underwriting guidelines.

Business opportunities going beyond the stipulations of the
guidelines thus defined are subject to special referral procedures
at two levels: (1) by the Underwriting Management function;
and, where applicable, by the Legal Department and/or the
Finance department; (2) and for cases which may have a
significant impact on the balance sheet (thresholds and/or
conditions defined in a procedure or specific guidelines) by the
Group Risk Management Department and the Chief Executive
Officer of the P&C division.

The P&C division’s Actuarial Pricing Department is responsible
for the pricing of the reinsurance business which is done by
individual treaty. Guidelines, methods and tools are set and
maintained at the global level which are used by the pricing team
across the SCOR offices. Delegation authorities specify criteria
under which the underwriters may price certain contracts still
subject to the use of the Pricing Guidelines and tools. Pricing
results quantify expected underwriting statistics (such as loss and
expense ratios), volatility measures, and profitability measures
(such as NPV, Return on Risk Adjusted Capital (RORAC), and
Profit Excess Targets). The results are also used as criteria for
referrals within Underwriting Departments. Pricing actuaries,
team up with underwriters and modelers by market or by line
of business.

The Risk Modeling & Global Natural Hazards Department is in
charge of monitoring accumulations. A “CAT” sub-group of
the P&C Risk and Capital Committee meets regularly to review
accumulations and decide on or arbitrate the allocation of
CAT capacities by country. Earthquake and storm risks gross
exposures are measured using proprietary external models from
industry-leading catastrophe model suppliers, including Risk
Management Solutions RiskLink® (“RMS”) and AIR Worldwide
Catrader® (“AIR”). These tools enable the Group to quantify

its exposure in terms of a probable maximum loss (“PML”)
at various levels of probability for each peril and geographic
location. The overall aggregate annual PML per peril, allowing
for potential multiple events, provides the information required
to determine the level of retrocession and other alternative risk
transfer solutions (e.g. catastrophe bonds) that are needed to
ensure that the net aggregate exposure is optimized for the
Group’s risk appetite and remains within predefined tolerance
limits.

In order to mitigate its property exposure, the Group retrocedes
a portion of the risks it underwrites. See 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques for further information
on how these instruments are managed.

The claims handling function is performed by the claims
teams, which review, process and monitor reported claims.
SCOR P&C division's Claims & Commutations Department is
in charge of the implementation and overview of the overall
claims handling and commutation management policy for the
P&C division, implementing worldwide control and reporting
procedures and managing commutation of portfolios and
commitments. It supports and controls the day-to-day activity
and takes over the direct management of large, litigious, serial
and latent claims. In addition, periodic audits are conducted
on specific claims and lines of business, and claims processing
and procedures are examined at the ceding companies’
offices with the aim of evaluating their claims adjustment
process, valuation of case reserves and overall performance.
When needed, recommendations are given to underwriters
and local management.

The adequacy of the P&C division's reserves is controlled based
on specific procedures. For further information on how risks
related to reserves are managed, see Section 3.3.4 — Risks
related to reserves.

Risks specific to the administration of contracts are subject
to checks performed at the subsidiary and branch level.
SCOR's Group Information System includes multiple automatic
checks and additional tools.

A quarterly review of technical results is performed by business
area (Property and Casualty Treaties, Specialty Lines, Business
Solutions (Facultative), Business Ventures and Partnerships) and
region. The review enables the analysis of technical results by
underwriting year, by nature and by line of business.

The P&C division’s Risk Management organizes the quarterly
P&C Risk and Capital Committee, which is responsible for
highlighting the main risks to which the division is exposed,
regarding both assets and liabilities.

Cross reviews are conducted by the P&C division's Risk
Management, to assess the quality of underwriting, pricing
and claims handling of particular business units or certain
lines of business, to identify and assess risks, to evaluate the
appropriateness and effectiveness of controls and to propose
risk management measures, including mitigating actions.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 133


--- Page 51 ---

03

134

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3.2. LIFE REINSURANCE

The main underwriting risks for SCOR’s Life division are described
below.

3.3.2.1. LONG-TERM MORTALITY
DETERIORATION

This risk refers to potential negative deviations in future mortality
relative to current best-estimate assumptions, due to a higher-
than-anticipated number of deaths (i.e. increased mortality rates)
among the portfolio of lives reinsured by SCOR. This could result
from inherent volatility, initial mispricing (level risk) or an adverse
long-term trend.

SCOR's long term mortality reserves are based on a number of
assumptions and information provided by third parties, which,
if incorrect and/or incomplete, could have an adverse effect on
the Group. For further information on risks related to reserves,
see Section 3.3.4 — Risks related to reserves.

3.3.2.2. PANDEMIC

In Life reinsurance, a severe pandemic is a major risk. In the
past century, three major outbreaks of influenza occurred and
claimed millions of lives. The occurrence of a similar event could
cause large losses to SCOR due to an increased mortality far
beyond the usual volatility. A lethal virus strain not only of influenza
but of any other communicable disease could lead to a material
increase in mortality rates and increased medical costs which
could significantly affect SCOR’s results.

3.3.2.3. LONGEVITY

Longevity risk refers to the risk of a negative deviation from
expected results due to the insured or annuitant living longer
than assumed in the pricing or reserves. This risk could have an
impact on longevity swaps, annuity and long-term care covers
and on other longevity protection products.

3.3.2.4. POLICYHOLDER BEHAVIOR RISKS

SCOR’s Life division is also exposed to risks related to policyholder
behavior, including risks such as lapsation and adverse selection
at policy issue.

Lapses refer to either non-payment of premiums by the policyholder
or to policies which are terminated by the policyholder before the
maturity date of the policy. Depending upon the product design,
higher or lower policyholder lapses than assumed in the pricing or
reserving may reduce the expected future income of the Life division.

Adverse selection refers to the problem of asymmetry of
information between the insured and the insurer. An individual
applying for life or health insurance cover usually has better
knowledge about his or her own state of health than the insurer.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

The risk to the (re)insurer is of policyholders deliberately deciding

among other things to:

take out a policy in the knowledge that either their chance of
claiming is high or higher than average;

terminate a policy in the knowledge that their chance of claiming
is low or lower than average, or;

e choose and exercise a policy option which increases the
policyholder’s expected benefit.

This might lead to a portfolio composition which differs from the

one assumed during pricing and might imply lowerthanexpected

profits for both the direct insurer and the reinsurer.

3.3.2.5. MORBIDITY RISKS

Products such as critical illness, short-term and long-term
disability and long-term care, which all contain morbidity risk,
are subject to the risk of negative trends in health, as well as to the
consequences of improved medical diagnoses capabilities which
increase the number of claims due to conditions that otherwise
would possibly have remained undetected. Medical progress
may in the future enable better treatment, resulting in higher
claims, since certain diseases would have otherwise led to a
much shorter life expectancy of the insured. Products providing
cover for medical expenses are in particular subject to the risk of
higher than expected incidence and inflation of medical costs.

3.3.2.6. OTHER RISKS

In addition to the main underwriting risks of SCOR’s Life division, as
listed above, other factors could have an adverse impact, whether
related to policyholder behavior such as resale or purchase of
policies by third parties with no insurable interest, or other risk
factors such as risks related to product guarantees.

3.3.2.7. MANAGEMENT OF UNDERWRITING
RISKS RELATED TO THE LIFE
REINSURANCE BUSINESS

In addition to the transversal risk management mechanisms
described in the introduction to this section, SCOR‘s Life division
also implements mechanisms to mitigate certain risks specific to
the division:

© Claims deterioration risks are mitigated through yearly renewable
terms for parts of the mortality business, and through premium
adjustment clauses for some Disability, Long-Term Care (LTC)
and Critical Illness (Cl) products. In the case of LTC, the premium
adjustments are designed to offset worsening incidence or
increasing longevity of disabled lives. In the case of Cl, premium
adjustments mitigate potential negative impacts on future
claims patterns due to a general deterioration in health and
improved medical diagnosis.


--- Page 52 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

e Lapse risks are mitigated through appropriate reinsurance treaty
clauses, as well as product, client and market diversification.

e Adverse selection risks are mitigated through careful product
design and a well-defined medical and financial underwriting
selection process.

SCOR’ Life division is organized in order to be able to assess and
control its risks at each level of its business.

e Generally, the Life reinsurance business is underwritten
throughout the year. The Life business underwritten is monitored
on a quarterly basis against prior year development as well
as the business plan and regular updates are provided to the
Executive Committee.

e Underwriting of the Life business within the Group is under
the worldwide responsibility of SCOR’s Life division. Clients are
worldwide insurance companies. They are served by SCOR’s
specialized underwriters and actuaries who are familiar with
the specific features of the markets in which they operate,
particularly with local lines of business and policy conditions, as
well as the technical specifics such as mortality tables, morbidity
incidence rates and persistency rates. In the Life underwriting
process, consideration is typically given to the quality of the
client’s medical and financial underwriting standards, the target
clientele of the ceding company, as well as past experience to
the extent credible data is available.

Life reinsurance treaties are underwritten by Life reinsurance
experts familiar with the specific features of their markets.
The ife business is underwritten following internal underwriting
and pricing guidelines. Mandates for underwriting Life
reinsurance business are assigned to teams on a mutually
exclusive basis.

In order to ensure that the Life division is continually up-to-date
with biometric trends and scientific developments, the expertise
of seven dedicated Research & Development centers is used
to analyze and assess the key factors underlying mortality,
longevity, morbidity and policyholder behavior. These Research
& Development Centers provide recommendations for the
implementation of the research results into the pricing,
underwriting and determination of exposure limits.

Guidelines and other documents defined by the Life division
specify the underwriting rules and principles to be complied
with, underwriting capacities delegated to the underwriters and
pricing actuaries in each of the markets in which the Group
operates, as well as maximum acceptable commitments per risk
and per event. These guidelines outline contract types and terms
and conditions of acceptance. Furthermore, they set out the
level of retention of the Life division for various risks and types
of cover (for more information, see Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession
and other risk mitigation techniques). Revisions and updates
follow a formalized approval process.

Business opportunities going beyond the stipulations of these
guidelines and documents are subject to a special referral
process in order to ensure that the business complies with
established risk-adjusted return criteria and risk tolerance

limits. These cases are examined at the Life division level
by the Regional and Global Pricing and Risk Management
Departments and, where applicable, the Finance Department.
Cases which may have a significant impact on the balance
sheet of the Group are additionally reviewed by the Group Risk
Management. Thresholds or conditions for a referral to Group
Risk Management are outlined in specific guidelines.

Accumulations of risk particularly exposed to catastrophes in the
Life business are regularly assessed in “footprint” scenarios and
local CAT scenarios. Specific tools are used to monitor known
Group cover accumulation in selected geographical areas.
Specifically designed retrocession programs aim at protecting
the Life reinsurance business. One program protects assumed
catastrophe excess of loss acceptances; another one protects
the net retained lines in respect of proportional and per risk
acceptances. SCOR uses the RMS model for infectious diseases
in order to assess the potential exposure to risk arising from
global pandemics.

Maximum underwriting capacities are established to limit the
Life division’s exposure on various types of treaties underwritten,
proportional and non-proportional, covering individual or Group
policies. These capacities are reviewed each year, taking into
account the capacities obtained by the retrocession coverage.
These limits include: maximum commitment per life accumulated
for all SCOR exposures, maximum annual commitments
for non-proportional cover per life or per event, maximum
commitment per country for nonproportional exposures by
event. Aggregate portfolio exposures are continually monitored.
Specialized software allows an accumulation control of insured
lives and is fed with single risk information as received by the
client companies. Based on this system, risks under which the
accumulated exposure exceeds the Life division’s retention are
identified and retroceded. The retention limits are reviewed
regularly. The exposure is monitored throughout the year against
SCOR's defined risk limits and used for decisions on mitigating
measures. Monitoring of peak exposures is included in Life
regular risk reporting. See Section 3.3.5 — Retrocession and
other risk mitigation techniques for further information on
how these instruments are managed.

Claims handling is performed by local claims teams that handle
and monitor claims. Claims exceeding a predefined threshold are
reviewed by the Life division's global medical underwriting and
claims research center (CREDISS). In addition, where deemed
appropriate, audits are conducted on claims or specific lines
of business at the ceding companies’ offices.

e The adequacy of SGL reserves is monitored based on specific
procedures. For further information on how risks related to
reserves are managed, see Section 3.. 2 — Management of
reserving risks.

e Risks specific to the management of contracts are mitigated by
specific controls supported by SCOR’s IT systems which include
numerous automatic controls and additional tools.

e A quarterly review of technical results is performed by region
and by business area.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 135,


--- Page 53 ---

03

136

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

e The Life division's Risk Management Department organizes
quarterly meetings of the Life Risk Committee which is
responsible for reviewing the main risks to which the division
is exposed.

e In addition, cross reviews are commissioned by the Life division’s
Chief Executive Officer to evaluate, on the one hand, the quality

3.3.3.

3.3.3.1. OVERVIEW OF THE MAIN
INTERDEPENDENCE AND
ACCUMULATION RISKS BETWEEN
SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

P&C and Life reinsurance activities take place in two different
market environments. The two business divisions are subject to a
range of external constraints and benefit from a high diversification
effect. The overall balance between the two business areas within
the Group therefore provides stability. However, in some cases,
changes in the P&C and Life activities are linked to each other
as well as to those of the financial markets. This exposes SCOR
to possible accumulation of risks between its lines of business
and/or asset classes.

Unforeseen events, such as natural catastrophes or man-made
catastrophes, can make SCOR’s claims experience vary significantly
from one year to the next, which can have a significant impact
on its profitability and financial position. These types of risk
primarily affect Non-Life business areas. However, in cases where
SCOR faces a large number of casualties, the possibility of the
losses also affecting its Life lines of business cannot be excluded.
Similarly, unforeseen events such as terrorist attacks may materially
impact the P&C business area, but also the Life business area, in
the case of attacks resulting in many fatalities. Although in past
events the Life claims incurred have been comparatively small
in relation to the Non-Life claims incurred, a terrorist act might
claim a large number of insured lives.

In the event of a very large natural catastrophe or terrorist attack,
the losses generated in the P&C and Life Divisions could potentially
accumulate, with losses on financial assets related to the potential
reaction of markets (i.e. movements in interest rates, exchange
rates, spreads and/or equity market prices). In the same way, a
major pandemic event may cause financial market turmoil and/
or business interruptions.

In addition, depending on the frequency and nature of losses, the
speed with which claims are made and the terms of the policies
affected, it may be required to make large claim payments within
a short period. SCOR may be forced to fund those obligations
by liquidating investments in distressed market conditions, or by
raising funds under unfavorable conditions. For further information
on such risks, see Section 3.6 — Liquidity risks.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

of underwriting, pricing, medical underwriting and claims
handling of particular market areas or lines of business and,
on the other hand, to identify and assess risks, to evaluate the
appropriateness and effectiveness of controls and to propose
risk-management actions.

INTERDEPENDENCE AND ACCUMULATION RISKS
BETWEEN SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

SCOR's ability to grow or maintain its portfolios in the P&C and
Life reinsurance divisions may also be subject to external factors
which may be interconnected, such as economic and political
risks. For instance, slowdowns in economic growth or recessions
in the major markets may lead households and companies to take
out less insurance, to suspend certain premium payments, or to
terminate the insurance policies underlying the existing P&C and
Life treaties earlier than anticipated. Similarly, the risk of social
and political instability is particularly significant in emerging
markets, in which both divisions operate. These risks could lead
to significantly reduced business growth in these target markets.
See Section 3.2 — Strategic risks for further details.

SCOR is also exposed to insurance risks in its investment portfolio
either through publicly traded securities (e.g. CAT bonds), or
Over-The-Counter (OTC) contracts (e.g. collateralized reinsurance).
Such investments could be impacted by the occurrence of
underwriting risks as described in the above paragraphs
(e.g. natural catastrophe, mortality etc.) that could significantly
result in changes in value, or even the full loss of the amount
invested. In the case of publicly traded securities, these risks could
also have a significant impact on the liquidity of these instruments.

3.3.3.2. MANAGEMENT OF
INTERDEPENDENCE AND
ACCUMULATION RISKS BETWEEN
SCOR’S AREAS OF BUSINESS

The Group aims at diversifying its business and monitors its main
accumulation risks and areas of dependencies across its business
through regular risk monitoring and reporting mechanisms,
including via its internal model.

SCOR manages its exposure to catastrophes through selective
underwriting practices, especially by limiting its exposure to
certain events in certain geographic areas, by monitoring risk
accumulation on a geographic basis and by retroceding a portion
of those risks to other selectively chosen reinsurers.


--- Page 54 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3.4. RISKS RELATED TO RESERVES.

3.3.4.1. SCOR’S RISKS RELATED
TO RESERVES

The SCOR Group is required to maintain reserves to cover its
estimated ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses
with respect to reported and unreported claims, incurred as at
the end of each accounting period, net of estimated related
recoveries. Its reserves are established based on the information
it receives from its cedent insurance companies, including their
own reserving levels, as well as on the basis of its knowledge of
the risks, the studies it conducts and the trends it observes on
a regular basis. As part of the reserving process, SCOR reviews
available historical data and tries to anticipate the impact of
various factors, such as changes in laws and regulations, judicial
decisions, social and political attitudes and trends in mortality
and morbidity, and changes in general economic conditions.

If some information were incorrect and/or incomplete, this could
have an adverse effect on the Group. Despite the audits it carries
out on the companies with which it does business the Group is
still dependent on their reserves assessment.

As is the case for all other reinsurers, the inherent uncertainties
in estimating reserves are compounded by the significant periods
of time that often elapse between the occurrence of an insured
loss, the reporting of the loss to the primary insurer and ultimately
to SCOR

Another factor of uncertainty resides in the fact that some of
SCOR's activities are long-tail in nature, such as long-term care,
whole Life products, longevity, worker's compensation, general
liability or medical malpractice, etc. It has, in the past, been
necessary for SCOR to revise estimated potential loss exposure
‘on such lines of business.

See Section 3.3.1.1 — P&C long-tail reserve deterioration for
further details.

3.3.4.2. MANAGEMENT OF RESERVING
RISKS

The adequacy of P&C and Life reserves is checked on a quarterly
basis by internal actuaries at division level as well as at the Group
level by the Group Chief Actuary who signs off on the adequacy
of reserves and reports to the Executive Committee and the
Audit Committee.

External consulting firms are mandated to review certain aspects
of the reserves calculation and thereby support the internal
analysis and validation

The Chief Reserving Actuaries of the divisions are responsible
for overseeing the reserves of their respective divisions, to assure
appropriateness in the reserving methods and parameters used
and to enhance reserving governance. The Group Chief Actuary is

in charge of the independent validation and testing of reserving
tools, workflows, assumptions and processes.

A centrally defined and tightly controlled reserving process, strong
portfolio diversification, prudent reserving, sound reserving tools
and, actuarial methods used by highly skilled professionals and a
high level of transparency, both internally and externally, all tend
to minimize the risk of inadequate reserves.

P&C business

Within SCOR’s P&C division, in order to ensure an adequate and
efficient monitoring of the reserves, a report is established on a
yearly basis by the Group Actuarial Department, where the Group
Chief Actuary, reporting to the Group Chief Risk Officer, gives his
opinion on the year-end booked reserves’ adequacy. The main
objective of this report is to provide SCOR’s Executive Committee
and Audit Committee with an overall opinion on the adequacy
of the P&C division's reserves but also to highlight the inherent
uncertainties surrounding this assessment. The monitoring of
the reserves by the division's and Group's Actuarial Department
is centered on three mechanisms:

© a quarterly follow-up of the claims activity and review of reserves
for each segment through adequate reporting procedures;

e an annual internal actuarial analysis, including a review of all
segments together with a full analysis of the segments that may
have a substantial impact on SCOR’s balance sheet. This analysis
is performed by the P&C division’s reserving actuaries and
reviewed by the Group Actuarial Department which performs
as well its own full analysis. These analyses are recorded in an
annual actuarial report;

regular external reviews of the P&C division's reserves adequacy
are performed including those required by local regulators
(Canada, Australia, Hong Kong, South Africa, China and SCOR
Lloyd's syndicate).

SCOR regularly reviews its methods for determining outstanding

claims reserves and IBNR reserves. However, it is difficult to

accurately value the amount of reserves required, especially in

view of changes in the legal environment, which could have an

impact on reserves development.

When a claim is reported to the ceding company, its claims
department establishes a reserve corresponding to the estimated
amount of the ultimate settlement for the claim. The estimate
is based on the cedent’s own evaluation methods. The ceding
company reports the claim and its suggested reserve amount
to the Group entity with which it concluded its reinsurance
contract. The Group records the ceding company’s suggested
reserve and is free to establish greater or smaller reserves based
on the review and analysis by P&C's claims team. Greater or
smaller potential reserves are based upon the consideration of
many factors, including the level of the commitments, seriousness
of the claims and the P&C division’s assessment of the ceding
company’s claims’ management.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 137


--- Page 55 ---

03

138

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

In compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and in
accordance with industry practices, the Group maintains IBNR
reserves in addition to outstanding claims reserves. These reserves
represent:

e the estimated final amount that may be paid by the Group on
losses or events that have occurred, but are not yet reported
to the ceding company or to the SCOR entity concerned; and

e the estimated cost variation on claims already reported to the
Group.

In determining the amount of its reserves, the Group generally
uses actuarial techniques that take into account quantitative
loss experience data, together with qualitative factors, where
appropriate. The reserves are also adjusted to reflect reinsurance
treaty terms and conditions, and any changes in claims processing
that may potentially affect the Group’s commitment over time.

A table showing historical changes in reserves for P&C claims
is provided in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.

The Group continues to pursue the active commutations policy of
its portfolios initiated in 2003, the main goals being to reduce the
volatility of claims reserves and administrative costs, particularly
of the oldest reserves, and to allow the reallocation of capital.
This policy will be continued by focusing efforts on the US run-off
activities and on some treaties written by the former Converium
company acquired by SCOR in 2007.

Life business

Within SCOR‘s Life division, in order to ensure an adequate and
efficient monitoring of the reserves, a report is established on a
yearly basis by the Group Actuarial Department where the Group
Chief Actuary gives his opinion on the year-end booked reserves’
adequacy. The main objective of this report is to provide SCOR’s
Executive Committee and Audit Committee with an overall
opinion on the adequacy of the Life division's reserves but also to
highlight the inherent uncertainties surrounding this assessment.

The monitoring of the reserves by the division's and Group‘s

Actuarial Department is centered on three mechanisms:

e a quarterly follow-up of the claims activity and review of reserves
for each segment through adequate reporting procedures;

© an annual internal actuarial analysis, including a review of

all segments together with a full analysis of the segments
that may have a substantial impact on SCOR’s balance sheet.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

This analysis is performed by the Life division's reserving actuaries
and reviewed by the Group Actuarial Department which also
performs its own full analysis. These analyses are recorded in
an annual actuarial report;

e regular external reviews of the Life division's reserves adequacy
are performed including those required by local regulators.

The Group Actuarial Department does not intend to provide
an alternative best estimate but verifies the adequacy of the
assumptions and methods and processes used by the teams of the
Life division to determine the reserves. In some cases, the Group
Actuarial Department applies a global approach and calculates
a confidence range in order to check that the reserves booked
are within said confidence range.

For its Life business, SCOR is required to maintain adequate reserves
to reflect the liability for future claims and benefit payments
resulting from Life reinsurance treaties, mainly mathematical
reserves and claim reserves

The mathematical reserves are generally calculated as the present
value of projected future payments to cedents less the present value
of projected premiums still payable by cedents. The calculation
includes assumptions relating to mortality, morbidity, disability,
lapses and expected future interest rates.

The mathematical reserves are established on initial recognition
of acontract on the basis of best estimate assumptions and allow
for an adequate safety margin for the risks of change, error and
random fluctuation. They are subject to a liability adequacy test.

In determining its best estimates, the Group takes into
consideration its past experience, current internal data, external
market indices and benchmarks and other relevant information.
The contracts’ liabilities established by the Group with respect
to individual risks or classes of business may be greater or less
than those established by ceding companies due to the use of
different mortality tables or other assumptions.

Claim reserves for losses are recognized for payment obligations
from reinsurance losses that have occurred but have not yet been
settled. They are recognized under reserves for reinsurance losses
reported before the reporting date and IBNR. SCOR regularly
reviews and updates its methods for determining outstanding
claims reserves and IBNR Reserves.

A table showing changes in the mathematical reserves in Life
reinsurance is provided in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated
financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.


--- Page 56 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Underwriting risks related to the P&C and Life reinsurance businesses

3.3.5. RETROCESSION AND OTHER RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES.

Reinsurers typically purchase reinsurance to cover their own
risk exposures. Reinsurance of a reinsurer’s business is called
retrocession. SCOR remains primarily liable to the direct insurer
on all risks reinsured although the retrocessionaire is liable to the
Group to the extent of the cover limits purchased.

The level of retrocession is selected each year to ensure that
SCOR‘s retained risk profile respects the specific Group risk appetite
framework and to help the Group achieve its return on capital
and solvency objectives.

SCOR aims to diversify its retrocession and risk mitigation
instruments as well as counterparties in order to take advantage
of all different sources of capacities on the market. This enables
the retrocession and risk mitigation program to be constructed
with complementary mitigation effects offering optimal efficiency
and also to avoid overdependence on a limited number of
counterparties.

Beyond traditional retrocession, purchased for all main lines of
business, SCOR has implemented a Capital Shield Strategy, which
combines the following solutions:

traditional retrocession (proportional or non-proportional);

capital markets solutions and alternative risk transfer solutions
(collateralized retrocession, Insurance-Linked Securities including
catastrophe bonds);

solvency buffer; SCOR has set out a solvency scale with clear
and well-defined buffers safeguarding the Group's franchise;

e contingent capital facilities, designed as tools of last resort, to
partially replenish the Group's capital base in case of very remote
pre-defined events. The current contingent capital guaranteed
equity line is providing the Group with EUR 300 million coverage.
It is innovative in that it protects the Group against both natural
catastrophes and extreme mortality events.

For information on the Atlas Special Purpose Vehicles, used as
capital markets solutions and alternative risk transfer solutions
in the capital shield policy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 2 — Scope of consolidation.
For information on the contingent capital used in the capital
shield policy, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 12 — Information on share capital, capital
management, regulatory framework and consolidated reserves.

Retrocession procedures are centralized within the retrocession
teams of the P&C and Life divisions:

e within the P&C division, the Underwriting Management and
Retrocession Department establishes and implements the
external retrocession plan for P&C business. This department
is responsible for proper application of the plan, for monitoring
the solvency of the retrocessionaires, the related counterparty
risks and, when necessary, recovery of balances due;

e within the Life division, scenarios are established within the
Actuarial & Risk department in order to define the need for
retrocession coverage. The retention and the retrocession
structure are revised every year.

The availability and efficiency of SCOR’s retrocession and risk
mitigation program is monitored at Group level on a regular
basis in order to ensure that the Group’s overall exposure remains
within pre-defined risk tolerances.

For further information on how counterparty default risk related
to retrocessionaires is managed, see Section 3.5 — Credit risks.

An analysis of the share of retrocessionaires in contract liabilities by
rating of the retrocessionaires and collateral from retrocessionaires
in favor of SCOR at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is presented
in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 15 — Net contract liabilities and Note 19 — Net retrocession
result.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 139


--- Page 57 ---

03

140

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Market risks

3.4. MARKET RISKS

3.4.1. OVERVIEW OF MARKET RISKS

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of
a financial instrument fluctuates because of changes in market
prices or macro-economic variables. This includes interest rate
risk and currency risk, further described below, as well as equity
risk and real estate risk, to which SCOR is exposed to through its
investments. Market risk also includes credit spread risk on these
invested assets. For further information on credit risk (counterparty
default), see Section 3.5 — Credit risks.

3.4.1.1. INTEREST RATE RISKS

Interest rates are very sensitive to a number of external factors,
including monetary and budgetary policies, the national and
international economic and political environment, and the risk
aversion of economic actors.

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows
of a financial instrument fluctuates because of changes in interest
rates. Interest rate fluctuations have direct consequences on
both the market value and the return on SCOR’s investments as
the level of unrealized capital gains or losses and the return on
securities held in its portfolio both depend on the level of interest
rates. Floating-rate instruments expose the Group to cash flow
interest rate risk, whereas fixed interest rate instruments expose
the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

During periods of declining interest rates, income from
investments is likely to fall due to investment of net cash flows
and reinvestments of redemptions at rates lower than those
of the existing portfolio (dilutive effect of new investments).
During such periods, there is therefore a risk that SCOR’s return
on equity objectives are not met. For callable bonds for which the
issuer has an option to redeem earlier than the ultimate maturity,
the probability of having to reinvest the early proceeds at lower
interest rates is increased.

On the other hand, an increase in interest rates could lead to
a fall in the market value of fixed income securities that SCOR
holds. In the case of a need for cash, SCOR may be obliged to
sell fixed income securities, possibly resulting in capital losses.

SCOR’s reinsurance business may also be exposed to interest
rate risk. The Group has certain Life insurance contracts which
are sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. However, for most
discounted Life liabilities there is no accounting impact from a
100 basis point change in the interest rate because valuation
interest rates are typically locked-in.

Finally, the interest rate risk depends on the duration mismatch
between assets and liabilities. As such, changes in interest rates
can affect the shareholders’ equity and the solvency ratio of
the Group.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to interest rate
risk, see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risks.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

3.4.1.2. CURRENCY RISKS

Currency risk is the risk of loss arising due to adverse changes
in or volatility of foreign exchange rates. This would impact the
value of SCOR‘s assets (e.g. through direct investments in assets
denominated in various currencies) and liabilities (e.g. reinsurance
treaties with liabilities denominated in specific currencies).

The following types of foreign exchange risk have been identified
by SCOR:

Transaction risk

Fluctuations in exchange rates can have consequences on
SCOR's reported net income because of the conversion results
of transactions expressed in foreign currencies, the settlement
of balances denominated in foreign currencies and the lack of
perfect matching between monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
currencies. In this case, and to reduce the impact of imperfect
matching, SCOR uses derivative financial instruments in order
to hedge against currency fluctuations on sensitive currencies,
particularly in times of greater volatility on the capital markets.
Nevertheless, a perfect matching of monetary assets and liabilities
can never be achieved and a potential profit or loss impact due
to fluctuations in exchanges rates can arise.

Translation risk

SCOR publishes its consolidated financial statements in euros,
but a significant part of its income and expenses, as well as of its
assets and liabilities, are denominated in currencies other than the
Euro. Consequently, fluctuations in the exchange rates used to
convert these currencies into euros may have a significant impact
on its reported net income and net equity from year to year.

SCOR’s main non-French legal entities are located in Ireland,
Switzerland, North America, the UK and Asia. The shareholders’
equity of these entities is denominated mainly in Euros, US dollars,
British pounds and Canadian dollars.

Asa result, changes in the exchange rates used to convert foreign
currencies into Euros, particularly the fluctuation of the US dollar
against the Euro, have had and may have in the future, an
adverse effect on the Group's consolidated shareholders’ equity.
SCOR does not fully hedge its exposure to this risk. The impact
of the fluctuation in the exchange rates used to translate foreign
currencies into Euros on its consolidated shareholders’ equity is
described in Section 4.5 — Consolidated statements of changes
in shareholders’ equity.

SCOR has issued debt instruments in currencies other than the
Euro, currently Swiss Francs, and to the extent that these are not
used as a hedge against foreign currency investments, it may be
similarly exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates. Most debts
are fully hedged. For more information on the forward sales and
purchases and swaps of currencies used to hedge these risks see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,


--- Page 58 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Note 7 — Insurance business investments. For more information on
debts issued in different currencies, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

Some events, such as catastrophes, can have an impact on the
matching of assets and liabilities in a currency, which can generate
a temporary unmatched position which is not covered by currency
contracts or hedges.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to currency risk,
see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risks.

3.4.1.3. EQUITY RISKS

Equity prices are likely to be affected by risks which affect the
market as a whole (uncertainty on economic conditions in general,
such as anticipated changes in growth, inflation, interest rate
fluctuations, sovereign risk, etc.) and/or by risks which influence
a single asset or a small number of assets (specific or idiosyncratic
risk). This may lead to a decrease in prices of the equity held by
SCOR and may impact its unrealized gains and losses. A material
or long-lasting decline in the prices of SCOR’s equity holdings
may also result in the impairment of its equity portfolio which
would affect its net income.

The Group's exposure to the equity market results from direct
purchases of stocks or investments in equity funds and in convex
equity strategies such as convertible bonds.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to currency risk,
see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risks.

3.4.2. MANAGEMENT OF MARKET RISKS

The Group's investment strategy is prudent, with the majority
of assets held in cash and fixed income securities. It is defined
in line with the Group's risk appetite and its risk tolerance limits
and considers the economic and market environment, and the
ALM process.

Investment Guidelines at Group and local levels outline the
investment universe and limits, including concentration limits, in
line with the objectives of the strategic plan. They are approved
by the Group Board/local Board or Executive management.

SCOR has outsourced the implementation of its investment
strategy to its asset management company “SCOR Investment
Partners SE” and to external asset managers. They are provided
with the Investment Guidelines.

Exposures to major risks are monitored on a weekly basis and
stress tests measure the impact of parametric or footprint
scenarios on the invested assets portfolio. These scenarios cover
changes in interest rates, inflation, equities, credit spreads and
real estate market. Portfolio sensitivity analysis to major risks is
an important management tool which is used when making
portfolio reallocation or hedging decisions.

In currency and geographic terms, SCOR is mainly exposed to the
US and especially to US government or government assimilated
bonds.

Market risks

3.4.1.4. REAL ESTATE RISKS

Real estate risks, either for properties owned directly or through
funds, are risks arising from a variation in the real estate market
valuation or a change in rental market conditions, the two being
closely linked.

Rental income from the property portfolio is exposed to the
variation in the indices on which the rents are indexed (for
instance, the Construction Cost Index in France) as well as risks
related to the rental market (changes in supply and demand,
changes in vacancy rates, impact on market rental values or rent
renewals) and lessee default. On the other hand, the indexation
may provide an attractive hedge against inflation

The value of property assets is exposed to the risk of regulatory
obsolescence of properties (regulatory developments related to
the accessibility of buildings for people with a disability, on the
reduction of energy consumption and the production of carbon
dioxide, etc.) which would lead to losses of value in the event of
a sale of the assets or to additional expenditure to restore the
value of the property.

3.4.1.5. CREDIT SPREAD RISKS

Credit spread risk on invested assets is the risk of incurring a
financial loss arising from the change in the market assessment
of the counterparty risk of financial instruments or counterparties.
Credit spread variations could have a direct impact on the
market value of the fixed-income securities and loans, and as
a consequence, on the unrealized capital gains or losses of the
fixed-income securities held in the portfolio.

3.4.2.1. MANAGEMENT OF INTEREST
RATE RISKS

The Group's aim is to maintain an appropriate mix of fixed and
variable rate instruments. It also manages the maturities of interest
bearing financial assets.

Interest rate risk is managed within the Group primarily at two
levels. At the level of each entity, the Group takes into account
the regulatory and accounting constraints. At the Group level,
SCOR reviews its consolidated investment portfolios in order to
identify the overall level of risk and return. It uses analytical tools
which guide both its strategic allocation and local distribution
of assets. Sensitivity to changes in interest rates is analyzed on
a weekly basis.

In addition, SCOR has entered into interest rates swaps to cover
its exposure to financial liabilities with variable interest rates.
For further details on these swaps, see Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 7.9 — Derivative
instruments.

For further information on the sensitivity of the Group's
consolidated income and consolidated equity to interest rate
risk, see Section 3.4.3 — Sensitivity analysis to market risks.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 141


--- Page 59 ---

03

142

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Market risks

3.4.2.2. MANAGEMENT OF CURRENCY RISKS

SCOR has a balance sheet hedging approach whereby there
is an objective to match monetary assets and liabilities in each
foreign currency so that the fluctuation in the exchange rate has
no material impact on the reported net income. The policy is to
closely monitor the net monetary currency positions and, where
appropriate, execute either cash arbitrages or forward hedges.

The Group has one net investment hedge in place to reduce
its exposure to variations in the net assets of a USD functional
currency subsidiary.

3.4.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF EQUITY RISKS

With regards to equity investments, the Group’s objective is to
develop and manage a high-quality diversified portfolio.

The Group’s equity selection is predominantly based on a
bottom-up fundamental analysis with the goal to develop a
diversified portfolio of stocks and convertible bonds directly or
through mutual funds. Due to the inherent volatility of equities,
this asset class (direct positions and mutual funds) is monitored on
a daily basis, facilitating quick arbitrage or portfolio re-allocation
decisions. On a Group level, the equity exposure is set and reviewed
at least quarterly by the Group Investment Committee. Equity risk

3.4.3. SENSITIVITY TO MARKET RISKS

is also monitored by establishing maximum exposures per stock or
mutual fund and is reviewed regularly (e.g. exposure to large-cap
stocks will generally be greater than exposure to mid-cap stocks)
The holding’s ratios on mutual funds are also reviewed regularly,
based on the mutual fund's portfolio.

3.4.2.4. MANAGEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
RISKS

SCOR has adopted an active strategy to select core buildings and
takes environmental quality into account during the decision-
making process.

3.4.2.5. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT
SPREAD RISKS

SCOR applies strict limits in terms of asset concentration by asset
class but also within a single asset class and actively diversifies
its portfolio (by type of investment, by issuer, by country and by
sector). These limits also enable to limit counterparty default
risk arising from investments, as described in the Section 3.5.2
— Management of credit risks.

For information on the ratings of the debt securities owned by
SCOR, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 7 — Insurance business investments.

The following table summarizes the accounting sensitivity of the
Group’s consolidated income and consolidated equity to market
risks based on reasonably possible movements in key variables with
all other variables held constant. The assumptions included are:

Interest rate risks

The interest rate sensitivities for shareholders’ equity presented
in the table below include movements on the bond portfolio,
cash and cash equivalents, structured notes, the impact of
changes in interest rates on variable rate financial liabilities and
the Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit business.

The interest rate sensitivities of income presented in the table
below show the impact of changes in fair value of financial assets
at fair value through income held at closing date, and changes
in income on variable rate financial assets held at the closing
date, following an increase/decrease in interest rates of 100
basis points. An estimate of the impact on the future income
following a change of 100 basis points is therefore included.
However, SCOR does not include in this analysis the potential
impact of change in interest rates on the reinvestment of future
cash flows, as future cash flows of SCOR business are difficult to
predict and asset allocations might change over time.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

Equity price risks

SCOR conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of net income
and shareholders’ equity to the price of equity securities. The
analysis considers the impact on both equities at fair value
through the income statement and on equities classified as
available for sale. For equities classified as available for sale, the
impact on impairment is computed by applying the accounting
policy and application guidance set out in Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments, to theoretical future market value changes.
SCOR estimates that, excluding any impairment arising from
duration, a further uniform decline of 10% from December 31,
2017 market values would generate no further impairment of
equity securities (2016: EUR O million; 2015: EUR 1 million). It
should be noted that this figure should not be scaled up or down
as the impairment rules are not a linear function of market value.
For example, a scenario with a market value decline of 20% would
not double the potential further equity impairment.

Both Life and P&C businesses have minimal sensitivity to equity
price movements.


--- Page 60 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

The market sensitivities of the Group are estimated as follows:

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

Market risks

December 31, 2015

In EUR million Income®)®) Equity Income®® Equity?) Income?!) Equity?)
Interest +100 basis point 16 (508) 20 (468) 14 (414)
% of Equity 0.3% (8.2)% 0.3% (7.0)% 0.2% (6.5)%
Interest — 100 basis points (17) 478 (20) 402 (14) 310
% of Equity (0.3)% 7.7% (0.3)% 6.0% (0.2)% 4.9%
Equity markets +10%'” 9 42 6 34 7 28
% of Equity 0.1% 0.7% 0.1% 0.5% 0.1% 0.4%
Equity markets -10%' (8) (37) (6) (34) (7) (28)
% of Equity (0.1)% (0.6)% (0.1)% (0.5)% (0.1)% (0.4)%

(1) Excludes investments in hedge funds which normally do not have a uniform correlation to equity markets and securities where SCOR has a strategic
investment including where the Group has a substantial shareholding but does not meet the “significant influence" criteria in IAS 28.

(2) The reduction in equity represents the estimated net asset impact including the additional impairment recognized in the income statement.

(3) Net of tax at an estimated average rate of 23% in 2017 (27% in 2016 and 21% in 2015).

Currency risks

The Group recognized a net foreign exchange loss of
EUR 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 (2016: gain

of EUR 11 million and 2015: gain of EUR 16 million).

In EUR million

For currency translation risk, the following sensitivity analysis”

considers the

impact on equity of a 10% movement in the

exchange rates of the Group’s two largest translation risk currency
exposures, USD and GBP relative to the EUR.

Currency movement

Equity impact

| 2017 | 2016 2015

USD/EUR 10% 326 365 347
% of equity 5.3% 5.5% 5.5%
USD/EUR (10)% (326) (365) (347)
% of equity (5.3)% (5.5)% (5.5)%
GBP/EUR 10% 26 30 41
% of equity 0.4% 0.4% 0.6%
GBP/EUR (10)% (26) (30) (41)
% of equity (0.4)% (0.4)% (0.6)%
(1) This analysis excludes the impact of hedging activity.
SCOR Registration Document 2017. 143,

03


--- Page 61 ---

03

144

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Credit risks

3.5. CREDIT RISKS

3.5.1. OVERVIEW OF CREDIT RISKS

Credit risk is the risk of incurring a loss as a result of an unexpected
change in the financial situation of a counterparty.

This includes Credit default risk which is the risk that one party
to a financial instrument or other asset will cause a financial loss
to the other party by unexpectedly failing to discharge, either
partially or fully, an obligation. Credit risk also includes Credit
migration risk, which is the risk of incurring a financial loss due
to a change in the value of a contractual agreement following
unexpected changes in the credit quality of our counterparties.

SCOR is mainly exposed to the following credit risks or the
accumulation of such risks in a single counterparty, in the same
sector of activity or the same country: from bond and loan
portfolios, liabilities retroceded also called share of retrocessionaires
in contract liabilities, deposits with cedents, future cash-flows from
Life reinsurance treaties, cash deposits at banks and default of
members of pools which SCOR is a member of. SCOR may also
be exposed to credit risk through its Credit and Surety reinsurance
portfolio.

Credit risk is actively monitored and managed. The processes for
managing the respective credit risks and the methods used to
measure these risks are further described below.

3.5.1.1. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO BOND
AND LOAN PORTFOLIOS

A deterioration in the financial situation of an issuer (sovereign,
public or private) or borrower can, for example, lead to its
insolvency and to the partial or total loss of coupons and of the
principal invested or lead to a loss in value.

This risk applies also to loan transactions in which the Group
invests. The borrower’ solvency deterioration may lead to a partial
or total loss of the coupons and the nominal invested by SCOR.

For information on the debt securities portfolio, see Section 4.6 —
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investment.

3.5.1.2. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO
RETROCEDED LIABILITIES

SCOR transfers part of its risks to retrocessionaires via
retrocession programs in exchange for the payment of premiums.
The retrocessionaires then assume the losses related to claims
covered by the retrocession contracts. If a retrocessionaire
defaulted, or its financial situation deteriorated, SCOR could
lose part or all of the coverage provided by its retrocessionaire
whereas it would retain its liability towards the cedent for the
payment of all claims covered under the reinsurance contract.

SCOR could also lose receivables from the defaulting
retrocessionaire (receivables are due to a timing difference
between statement accounts received and real payment due for
positive balances of retrocessionaire accounts).

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

The retrocessionaires’ share in the reserves broken down by
retrocessionaires’ credit rating is included in Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract
liabilities.

3.5.1.3. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO DEPOSITS
WITH CEDENTS

SCOR may be exposed to credit risk in relation to amounts
deposited with ceding companies in respect of reinsurance reserves
which cover its liabilities.

However, depositing these amounts does not a priori discharge
the Group of its liability towards the cedent in cases where it
is not able to recover all or part of these amounts in the event
of a cedent default or a deterioration in the financial situation
of that cedent. Hence, it is at least in principle, possible that
the Group may remain liable for paying claims due under the
reinsurance treaty without being able to offset all or part of the
corresponding deposits.

3.5.1.4. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO FUTURE
CASH FLOWS OF LIFE REINSURANCE
TREATIES

Under most of its Life reinsurance contracts, SCOR expects to
receive premiums from its cedents over several years. These often
exceed expected future payments for claims, commissions, etc.,
meaning that SCOR expects to receive positive future cash flows.

Credit risk on future cash flows from Life reinsurance policies
arises from two risk factors:

e the payment of future cash flows expected under Life
reinsurance contracts requires that the cedent is financially
sound. Therefore, SCOR risks a reduction in the value of its
portfolio of Life contracts in the event of a deterioration in the
financial strength of the cedent. This may lead to the impairment
of SCOR’s intangible assets, i.e. the value of business acquired
(VOBA) and deferred acquisition costs (DAC);

a reduction in the value of future cash flows could arise
from material unexpected lapsation of policies following a
deterioration of the cedent’s credit rating or standing or an
event which has a negative effect on the cedent’s reputation.

3.5.1.5. CREDIT RISK RELATED TO CASH
DEPOSITS AT BANKS

SCOR is exposed to the risk of losing all or part of any cash
deposited with a banks in the event that such a bank is no longer
able, due to insolvency, to honor its commitments (e.g. following
liquidation). The current main risk for the Group is the significant
concentration of deposits in a small number of banks. This risk is
a direct result of the selection of the most stable banks.


--- Page 62 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.5.1.6. OTHER CREDIT RISKS

For special, highly-technical risk categories such as terrorism,
nuclear, aviation or pollution, SCOR chooses to participate in
various market dedicated groups of insurers and reinsurers
(“pools”) aimed at pooling the relevant risks among the members

3.5.2. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISKS.

Credit risks

of each group pools which offer best available expertise and risk
sharing at market level. In the event of a total or partial default by
one of the members of a group, it could be required to assume,
in the event of joint liability of the members, all or part of the
liabilities of the defaulting member.

3.5.2.1. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO BOND AND LOAN
PORTFOLIOS

SCOR mitigates the credit risk related to bond and loan portfolios
by careful analysis and selection of issuers, and by a policy of
geographic sector diversification. SCOR maintains its investment
policy in high-quality assets and in countries with the lowest
sovereign risk.

Exposure analyses are performed on a regular basis (sector,
geographical area, counterparty and rating) and enables critical
risks to be identified and evaluated in order to take appropriate
actions.

For details on the debt securities portfolio, see Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments.

3.5.2.2. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT
RISK RELATED TO RETROCEDED
LIABILITIES

SCOR selects retrocessionaires carefully, taking into account
their financial strength, and regularly monitors the Group's
exposure to retrocessionaires taking into account all relevant
accounting balances (estimated and actual claims, premiums,
reserves, deposits and pledges) and provides summary reports
to the Divisional and Group Risk Committees on a regular basis.
SCOR typically requires that unrated retrocessionaires pledge assets
or provide other forms of collateral (cash deposits or letters of
credit) to the value of their maximum potential contract liability,
even though the actual retrocessionaire liability to SCOR in the
balance sheet is lower.

The retrocessionaires’ share in the reserves broken down by
retrocessionaires’ credit rating is included in Section 4.6, Note 15 —
Net contract liabilities.

3.5.2.3. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO DEPOSITS WITH
CEDENTS

SCOR favors deposit arrangements with the ability to offset
liabilities against deposits with high legal certainty.

Deposits with cedents are monitored through a quarterly analysis
of exposure and associated risks. Actions aiming at reducing or
limiting the exposure (e.g. ad-hoc legal opinions, introduction of
offset clauses) can be implemented where needed.

3.5.2.4. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO FUTURE CASH FLOWS
FROM LIFE REINSURANCE TREATIES

SCOR monitors the development of its cedents financial situation
through regular contact, which enables to SCOR to take
appropriate action when deemed necessary. In addition, credit
risk on future cash flows from Life reinsurance policies is mitigated
by industry-wide protection solutions in several countries, such
as “Protektor” in Germany.

For more details on the impact of the valuation of intangible assets,
see Section 3.2.5 — The valuation of SCOR’s intangible assets
and deferred tax assets may significantly affect its shareholders’
equity and the price of its securities, and Section 4.6 — Notes to
the consolidated financial statements, Note 6 — Value of business
acquired.

3.5.2.5. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK
RELATED TO CASH DEPOSITS AT
BANKS

SCOR selects bank counterparties according to their rating and
credit quality. Concentration risk from cash deposits at banks is
mitigated by setting counterparty exposure limits. SCOR takes
into consideration the public assistance (e.g., loans, guarantees of
deposits, nationalizations) which certain banks may benefit from
during a financial crisis, as they are important in the economy of
their respective country.

For further information on how risks related to invested assets
are managed, see Section 3.4.2 - Management of market risks.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 145


--- Page 63 ---

03

146

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Credit risks

3.5.2.6. MANAGEMENT OF OTHER CREDIT RISKS

In the event of joint liability of the members in pools to which SCOR participates, the risk of default of other pool members is carefully

monitored by SCOR:

e through its appointment as director and via the participation of its senior management in dedicated committees such as Audit and
Risk Committees and Technical Committees, for the pools in which SCOR’s participation is the most significant; and

e via the careful consideration of the financial situation of other pool members. This contributes to the application of sound and

robust governance.

3.5.2.7. AGING OF ASSETS

The following table provides an overall analysis of the aging of financial assets and receivables as at December 31, 2017:

1-12 12-24 24-36 >36 | stat
In EUR million Current months months months months Total
Available-for-sale financial assets 17,089 - - - - 17,089
Financial assets at fair value through income 1,157 - - - - 1,157
Derivative instruments 114 - - - - 114
Loans and receivables 9,299 - - - - 9,299
Insurance receivables 5,619 339 20 9 34 6,021
Tax receivables 193 - - - - 193
Miscellaneous assets — others 305 4 - - - 309
Cash and cash equivalents 1,001 - - - - 1,001
TOTAL 34,777 343 20 9 34 35,183
The following table provides an overall analysis of the aging of financial assets as at December 31, 2016:
1-12 12-24 24-36 > 36
In EUR million Current months months months months Total
Available-for-sale financial assets 16,553 - - - - 16,553
Financial assets at fair value through income 812 - - - - 812
Derivative instruments 187 - - - - 187
Loans and receivables 9,815 - - - - 9,815
Insurance receivables 5,330 871 34 11 31 6,277
Tax receivables 164 - - - - 164
Miscellaneous assets — others 292 4 - - - 296
Cash and cash equivalents 1,688 - - - - 1,688
TOTAL 34,842 875 34 11 31 35,792

Assets have been categorized within the above aging analysis
according to their original due date. The due date for each of these
instruments may vary depending on the type of asset. Insurance
receivables business credit terms are typically based on normal
terms of trade, as specified within contracts. Insurance eceivables
include estimates, which are presented as current. The available-
for-sale investments and fair value through income categories
presented above include fixed income securities and equity
securities. For fixed income securities, amounts are only presented
as non-current if the security has not been redeemed on the
date of maturity and therefore the amount receivable is past
due. For equity securities, due to the absence of a contractual

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

date of redemption, these instruments are presented as current.
Other assets presented in the above aging analysis, including
derivative instruments, loans and receivables, cash and cash
equivalents and other accounts receivable, are presented in a
similar manner as those instruments described above, depending
on the existence of a redemption date.

Impairment information relating to financial assets is included
in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 7 — Insurance business investments, Note 8 — Accounts
receivable from and payable on assumed and ceded insurance
and reinsurance transactions and Note 18 — Investment income.


--- Page 64 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.6. LIQUIDITY RISKS

3.6.1. OVERVIEW OF LIQUIDITY RISKS

Liquidity risks

Liquidity risk arises when available liquidity is not sufficient to
meet liquidity needs. This liquidity shortfall can result either from:

e a deviation from planned liquidity needs over either the short
term, or the medium/long term;

e a deviation from estimated liquidity capacities, e.g. due to
adverse business conditions.

3.6.1.1. LIQUIDITY NEEDS

SCOR needs liquidity to pay claims, operating expenses, interest
payments and redemptions on its debts and declared dividends
on its share capital. Without sufficient liquidity, the Group may be
forced to curtail its operations, and business will suffer. In the case
of catastrophe claims, in particular, it may need to settle amounts
which exceed the amount of available liquidity in a reduced
timeframe. SCOR’s liquidity needs to cover catastrophe exposures
is calibrated using the Group's gross (before retrocession) Nat
Cat annual loss distributions, on top of other regular liquidity
needs as listed above

Liquidity needs may also arise from increased collateral
requirements. Some facilities SCOR uses to grant letters of credit
to cedents require 100% collateral in case of non-compliance
with financial covenants or in case of a decrease in the Group's
financial strength rating, which would result in a deterioration of
the Group's liquidity level. Collateral arrangements are also used
by SCOR when operating business in jurisdictions that demand
a higher level of reserves than under IFRS in other jurisdictions.
This is especially the case in the US for business falling under
the NAIC Model Regulation XXX or Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies Model Regulation, commonly referred to as Regulation
XXX (or Triple X). Letters of Credit carry the risk of a duration
mismatch, i.e. that short-term Letters of Credit are covering
long-term business and might have to be renewed as less favorable
conditions, creating additional cost.

Information on SCOR’ letter of credit facilities, including related
financial covenants, is included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 23 — Commitments
received and granted.

3.6.1.2. SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY

The principal internal sources of the Group’s liquidity are
reinsurance premiums, cash flows from its investment portfolio
and other assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are
readily convertible into cash.

External sources of liquidity in normal markets include a
variety of short and long-term instruments, such as repurchase
agreements, commercial paper, medium and long-term debt,
junior subordinated debt securities, capital securities and raising
additional funds in the equity markets. For further information
on SCOR's debt, including related financial covenants, see
Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial statements,
Note 13 — Financial liabilities.

SCOR‘s ability to access external sources of liquidity may be subject
to adverse capital and credit market conditions.

Liquidity risks are increased when capital and credit markets
experience extreme volatility or disruption, as SCOR may need to
sell a significant portion of its assets quickly and on unfavorable
terms, particularly if current internal resources do not satisfy its
liquidity needs.

This risk may be increased due to the characteristics of certain
assets held by SCOR, whose liquidity may be limited due to
contractual or regulatory constraints (e.g. investments in corporate,
real estate or infrastructure loans).

The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety
of factors. These notably include market conditions, the general
availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall
availability of credit to the financial services industry, SCOR’s credit
ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers
or lenders could develop a negative perception of SCOR’s long- or
short-term financial prospects if the Group incurs large investment
losses or if the level of SCOR’s business activity decreases due to
a market downturn. Similarly, access to funds may be impaired
if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative action
that could penalize SCOR. The liquidity of several asset classes
owned by SCOR may also be negatively impacted by changes
to regulations or by non-conventional monetary policies. If so,
these factors could prevent SCOR from successfully obtaining
additional financing on favorable terms.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 147


--- Page 65 ---

03

148

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Liquidity risks

3.6.2. MANAGEMENT OF LIQUIDITY RISKS.

Timing and transferability

SCOR’ liquidity position is closely monitored from two points of

view: timing and transferability.

Timing

SCOR assesses liquidity risks arising from both short-term and

long-term liquidity needs. SCOR manages these risks via different

mechanisms which consider:

e actions to be taken by the insurance or reinsurance business
areas to take into account both short term and long-term
liquidity risk (see maturity profiles in Section 3.6.3 — Maturity
profiles); and

e the appropriateness of the composition of the assets in terms
of their nature, duration and liquidity in order to meet the
obligations as they fall due.

Short-term liquidity, or cash management, includes the day-to-day
cash requirements under normal business conditions.

Liquidity considerations over the long-term are assessed in a
way which takes into consideration the possibility of various
unexpected and potentially adverse business conditions where

3.6.3. MATURITY PROFILES.

assets may not be sold for current market values. SCOR estimates
the level of its immediately tradeable assets (i.e. non-pledged
assets) which could be sold within a reasonable timeframe.

Transferability

In addition, SCOR monitors the level of transferability of
immediately tradeable assets between entities, depending on
local and regulatory constraints.

The Group has also been granted credit facilities from several
banks to support the reinsurance activities of various subsidiaries.
The Group regularly adapts and renews these facilities to support
its business needs.

Additional information on the timing of repayments and liquidity
risk is included in Section 3.6.3 — Maturity profiles. For further
information on liquid assets of SCOR Group, see Section 4.6 —
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance
business investments.

Additional information on SCOR’s letter of credit facilities is
included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the financial statement, Note 23
— Commitments received and granted.

3.6.3.1. SCOR GLOBAL P&C (NON-LIFE)

The technical reserves of SCOR Global P&C are established on an undiscounted basis (except workers compensation in the US, payments
in annuity on Motor Liability as well as Medical Malpractice). The table below includes the estimated maturity profiles of the Non-Life
insurance liabilities based on payment patterns derived from historical data.

P&C insurance contact lial

In EUR million 0-1 year 1-3 years 3-7 years > 7 years Total
As at December 31, 2017 4,035 4,569 3,363 2,621 14,588
As at December 31, 2016 3,629 4,222 3,357 2,837 14,045

The analysis of the balance sheet reserve movements, including net paid losses, is included in Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated

financial statements, Note 15 — Net contract liabilities.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR


--- Page 66 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.6.3.2. SCOR GLOBAL LIFE

The projections for insurance contract liabilities of the SCOR
Global Life segment have been prepared on a best estimate basis.
The amounts below represent the estimated maturity profile of the
assumed contract liabilities. For long-term Life reinsurance, benefit
payments are typically settled net of premiums (for treaties with
periodic premium payments). Where contract liabilities require to

The table below reflects gross cash outflows:

Life insurance contract liabi

Liquidity risks

deposit cash to the cedent as collateral, the settlement normally
also includes certain other account items, primarily the release
of the deposits. For contracts where funds withheld are used
to offset the amounts settled between SCOR and its cedents,
funds withheld to cover the life insurance contract liabilities in
the table below mature at the same date as the respective Life
insurance contract liabilities.

In EUR million <1 year 1-5 years 6-10 years > 10 years Total
As at December 31, 2017 2,344 382 1,443 9,994 14,163
As at December 31, 2016 2,751 958 1,327 9,432 14,468

3.6.4. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Maturity profiles have been based on undiscounted contractual
maturities and include contractual interest payments (including
those from cross-currency and interest rate swaps). In the case
of perpetual debt, or debt which is subject to multiple optional

As at December 31, 2017

reimbursement dates, the analysis below has been prepared
based on the assumption that the Company does not make use
of any of the early optional reimbursement dates. Perpetual debts
are classified in the column “over 5 years” (no maturity date).

Debt maturity profiles

In EUR million Interest rate ranges <1 year 1-5years  >5 years? Total®
Subordinated debt 2.98% — 5.25% 80 300 3,573 3,953
Real estate debt 0.77% — 4.34% V7 260 69 506
Other financial debt 0.07% — 0.80% 9 2 2 13
TOTAL 266 562 3,644 4,472
As at December 31, 2016
Debt maturity profiles

In EUR million Interest rate ranges <1 year 1-5years  >5 years? Total®
Subordinated debt 1.83% — 3.91% 75 278 3,306 3,659
Real estate debt 0.78% — 4.47% 4 402 96 539
Other financial debt 0.03% 5 2 4 11
TOTAL 121 682 3,406 4,209

(1) Accrued interest on perpetual debt as at December 31, 2017 of EUR 12 million (2016: EUR 13 million).
(2) Of the amounts above, EUR 16 million (2016: EUR 84 million) relate to variable rate debt. These amounts exclude debt which has been swapped from a

variable interest rate to a fixed interest rate.

Details on financial liabilities are presented in Section 4.6 — Notes
to the consolidated financial statements, Note 13 — Financial
liabilities.

Maturity analyses of financial assets that are held for managing
liquidity risk are presented within Section 4.6 — Notes to the
consolidated financial statements, Note 7 — Insurance business
investments.

Various entities in the Group rent their office headquarters.
The minimum payments relating to these operating leases are
presented within Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 9 — Miscellaneous Assets (Tangible assets and
related commitments).

SOOR

Registration Document 2017

03

149


--- Page 67 ---

03

150

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Operational risks

3.7. OPERATIONAL RISKS

3.7.1.

Operational risks are inherent to all businesses including SCOR’s.
Operational risks may be split into four broad categories further
described below: risks related to staff, systems or facilities,
processes or external events.

3.7.1.1. RISKS RELATED TO STAFF

Risks related to staff can arise as follows:

e the failure to attract or retain key personnel or the loss of
crucial information/skills concentrated in a single person, or
of a whole team;

incidents due to mistakes or non-compliance with instructions,
guidelines or policies;

e internal staff mandated by SCOR having authorized access to
SCOR's offices or systems taking advantage of SCOR’s assets
for personal gain e.g. through misappropriation of assets, tax
evasion, intentional mismarking of positions or bribery;

e intentional damage to SCOR’s assets (including data) required
to perform its operations by internal or external staff could
lead to significant additional remediation costs (to rebuild
databases or systems)

3.7.1.2. RISKS RELATED TO SYSTEMS OR
FACILITIES

Risks related to systems can arise as follows:

ea malfunction or a major breakdown in SCOR’s IT systems,
outages, disruptions due to viruses, attacks by hackers and thefts
or data breaches. This can occur within SCOR’s own environment
or to a third party providing services or data to SCOR;

e interruption of any of SCOR‘s IT systems leading to loss of data,
delays in service or in a loss of efficiency of teams, which could
lead to remediation costs, loss of contracts or damage to the
Group's reputation. In addition, these incidents could increase
other operational risks such as external fraud or human error
(e.g. delay in the recognition of adverse business development).
The interruption of these systems could damage commercial
activities including underwriting, pricing, reserving, premium and
claims payment, commercial support, and asset management;

in addition, the facilities in which SCOR operates might be
impacted by natural or man-made perils. The offices might
need to be closed for a period of time potentially resulting
in a loss of productivity and business opportunity, as well as
remediation costs.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR

OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONAL RISKS

3.7.1.3. RISKS RELATED TO PROCESSES

SCOR’s risk management policies, procedures and controls may
not be appropriate or sufficient. In particular, any additional
workload to the planned activities could reduce the effectiveness
of some processes and controls. For example, the creation of a
new entity or development of a new Line of Business may lead
to an accumulation of operational risks.

Since SCOR remains responsible for commitments or services
contracted, including for outsourced activities, an inappropriate
client relationship management or inadequate level of service
and/or product quality provided by SCOR to its clients or breach
of contract may lead to a loss of profitable business relationships.

In addition, SCOR may be involved in legal and arbitration
proceedings due to non-protective terms of a contract, denounced
either by third parties or internally which could lead to an
unfavorable outcome. There are no other governmental, judicial
or arbitration proceedings, including any proceedings SCOR would
be aware of, pending or which SCOR could be threatened with,
likely to have or having a significant impact on SCOR‘s financial
situation or profitability over the last 12 months. For information
on this issue, see Section 4.6 — Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, Note 25 — Litigation.

Some of SCOR’s and SCOR’s subsidiaries’ processes are partially
or fully outsourced. Failed outsourced processes could lead to
direct losses and other operational incidents.


--- Page 68 ---

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

3.7.1.4. RISKS RELATED TO EXTERNAL
EVENTS

SCOR may be exposed to an unfavorable business environment
such as evolving or additional regulatory constraints potentially
hindering its business model.

Legal and regulatory risks in SCOR’s operating
environment

As an international group, SCOR must comply with national
and international laws, regulations and accounting standards.
This includes all applicable economic sanctions, programs
relating to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, in addition
to anti-terrorism laws, and laws and regulations applicable to its
operations. Laws and regulations applicable to some of SCOR's
operations refer inter alia to the economic trade sanctions laws
and regulations administered by the United States Department
of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and
to certain laws administered by the United States Department
of State. Other directives with which SCOR complies apply to
anti-money laundering, corruption, terrorism financing and insider
trading (e.g. the European Regulation of April 2014 on market
abuses). Regarding anti-corruption laws and regulations, SCOR
must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and
other laws such as the UK Bribery Act that bar corrupt payments
or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. In
addition, SCOR must now also comply with the provisions of the
Sapin Il law, which requires large companies (i.e. with revenues
exceeding EUR 100 million and with at least 500 employees) to
implement plans that prevent corruption, with sanctions in case
of non-compliance.

The level of legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements
depends on several factors, including the type of business (e.g.
primary insurance or reinsurance business), the location and the
legal structure of the entity of SCOR. The large number of different
regulatory environments in which SCOR operates, as well as
changes in present and future regulations increase the complexity
and risks of the related Group processes. Any violation of laws,
regulations or accounting requirements could expose SCOR
to fines, class actions with compensation payments, accounts
reinstatements or business restrictions.

Operational risks

Following Brexit, the direct P&C insurance activities for European
Economic Area (EEA) clients currently carried by SCOR UK may
need to be carried in the future by a legal entity based in the EEA
in case insurers based in the United Kingdom would lose their
European passport. In order to prepare for such an event SCOR
has decided to create a P&C insurance company in France to serve
its continental clients, while maintaining the insurance company
SCOR UK for its other clients. Also, SCOR stands ready to ask
the Prudential Regulation Authority for any required approvals in
order to allow the continuation of the activity of its reinsurance
branches in the United Kingdom

For further details on current main regulatory developments which
may have an impact on SCOR, see Section 3.2.3 — Risks related
to legal and regulatory developments.

Other risks related to external events

SCOR is also exposed to external fraud which is characterized
by the fraudulent misappropriation of certain SCOR assets by
third parties. External frauds may be perpetrated by various
means including cyber-attacks, and usually target cash or data.
Should they succeed in bypassing the controls or protection
measures in place, this could generate a direct loss for the Group.

SCOR is exposed to cyber-attacks which can be very diverse in
their sophistication and execution. The main targets are system
functions, data and cash management. Immediate repercussions
include:

© systems could be slowed down, corrupted or stopped potentially
resulting in loss of productivity, corrupted data and remediation
costs;

e data could be stolen, deleted or corrupted, or made public in
contradiction with SCOR’s regulatory or contractual obligations.

Any of these could generate a reputational risk, give rise to a
breach of SCOR’s legal responsibility, and may result in regulatory
sanctions depending on the level of sensitivity of the data or
system that is successfully attacked. The cyberattack could also
assist external fraudsters resulting in a financial loss.

SOOR

03

Registration Document 2017. 151


--- Page 69 ---

03

152

RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT MECHANISMS

Internal control and risk management procedures

3.7.2. MANAGEMENT OF OPERATIONAL RISKS

The two main principles driving the operational risk management
approach are:

e exhaustiveness: ensure that a complete and exhaustive
identification of all risks within the Group is carried out to the
extent possible;

© proportionality: once operational risks are identified,
management uses appropriate and proportionate responses,
resources and procedures, focusing on key risks.

The process owners are responsible for managing operational
risks within the processes. To meet high quality standards, the
Group relies on a highly qualified staff to manage processes and
the risks within these processes.

In order to support the staff, SCOR has developed Internal Control
System (ICS) standards. According to the ICS standards, process
owners should be in a position to identify the critical operational
risks within the processes assigned to their area of responsibility.
The process owners design, implement and operate appropriate
key controls and maintain the net risk exposure at or below an
acceptable level of possible damage.

At Group level, experienced staff members collect relevant
information and analyses on operational risks, on a qualitative
and quantitative basis. When relevant, they develop key indicators,
with support from Group Risk Management. The Group has also
implemented regular risk reporting mechanisms in order to provide
for an overview of risks across the Group, as well as mitigate and
monitor risks identified.

3.8.

At legal entity level, depending on local requirements, specific
operational risk management processes are implemented, where
relevant.

In addition, through its assignments, Group Internal Audit (GIA)
contributes to the oversight of operational risk management.

Outsourcing some activities or processes may improve or streamline
some aspects of a process, but SCOR is still expected to deliver
the same level of service. Principles to properly manage potential
operational risks stemming from outsourcing of certain functions
are set out in dedicated policies and guidelines.

On risks which may develop rapidly, such as external fraud, SCOR
frequently adapts its risk management, for example by organizing
specific training programs and sending regular warnings and
detailed instructions to its employees.

Some of the above operational risks are transferred in whole or
in part to direct insurers as follows

the properties and other assets of SCOR and its subsidiaries are
covered locally through property damage policies;

e risks which are mostly covered at Group level include civil
liability risks related to the operation of the company caused
by employees and real estate, professional liability risks, civil
liability risks of directors and officers, and cyber risks.

Nevertheless, these insurance covers could prove to be insufficient

and some losses could fall into the scope of the exclusion clauses

(or interpreted as such by the insurance company)

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES

Refer to Appendix A — Internal control and risk management procedures.

Registration Document 2017 SOOR
