

--- Page 1 ---

lll ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Business model

BUSINESS MODEL
ds

OUR MISSION

The digital revolution is fundamentally
transforming our environment. It is
speeding up changes in our clients’
business models, internal processes and
information systems.

In this fast-changing environment, our role
is to bring our customers new ideas and
support them in their transformation by
making the most effective use of digital
technology.

Ge

fo]
oO

BUSINESS AND DIGITAL
CONSULTING

a

OUR BUSINESS

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions
addressing the core business and
competitive needs of large companies and
organisations in Europe and further afield,
helping them throughout their digital
transformation.

OUR OFFERING

AN END-TO-END APPROACH

Cs

OUR MARKET

— Spending on digital services in Western
Europe: €270bn in 2017*.

—A market that has grown by around 3%
per year over the past 3 years*.

—Top-10 player in Europe in a highly
fragmented market, with a share of
around 2%.

* Source: Gartner, Q4 2017, in euros.

BANKING

i —
/ DIGITAL AA SOFTWARE
H SERVICES DEVELOPMENT?
{APPLICATION aheteaae Oo
SERVICES:
HUMAN PROPERTY
RESOURCES MANAGEMENT

RD

IT INFRASTRUCTURE
MANAGEMENT

DISTINCTIVE FEATURES OF THE
ORGANISATION AND ITS RESOURCES

1,Systems integration
and Third-Party Application Maintenance
2,SaaS/Cloud licensing model

OUR MODEL

ADDED
VALUE

CLIENTS’ DIGITAL
TRANSFORMATION

Human capital

Entrepreneurial cutture
Close customer relationships
_ Sense of engagement

g

End-to-end
& vertical approach

Agility
Innovation

4 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

End

Invent and build the future
Add value to legacy
systems

For more information, see Chapter 1.


--- Page 2 ---

BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE

REVENUE BY VERTICAL MARKET

1. Banking
2 Public Sector
3. Aerospace, Defence & Homeland Security ... 18%

4 Energy & Utilities .. 7%
5 Insurance 6%
REVENUE

BY BUSINESS LINE

4

1 Consulting & Systems Integration .
2. Solutions
3. IT Infrastructure Management Le
4. Business Process SErVICES winnie

SOLUTIONS REVENUE
BY PRODUCT

1 Sopra Banking Software snus 65%
2. Sopra HR Software
3. Property Management Solutions.

For more information, see Chapter 1.

ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP
Breakdown of revenue

6 Transport
7 Telecoms, Media & Games
8 Retail
OTHE vrsstsnnntennniinnsnensnsniinsisnensntesi
3 9
REVENUE WORKFORCE
BY REGION
GROUP
EMPLOYEES
FRANCE
UNITED KINGDOM
1 France a
2 United Kingdom
3 Other Europe .... FP
4 Rest Of the World ..sssmmsnmnsunnnnnunsneensen 2%
EUROPE (OTHER)
8,7 7 7
REST OF THE WORLD
SOLUTIONS REVENUE
BY REGION 221
3
X-SHORE*
og
1
DL FRAIICE sstsssstsssensssssnesseetseennensncniresaseetsennns
2 Rest of Europe... Lindia, Poland, Spain
3 Rest of the World and North Africa.
SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 5


--- Page 3 ---

lll ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Corporate plan

CORPORATE PLAN

KEY FEATURES OF THE CORPORATE PLAN

An independent model
Anindependent model predicated
onalong-term vision and reconciling
business performance with the Group's
responsibilities to the environment and its
stakeholders as a good corporate citizen.

©

SHARE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE

(at 31/12/2017)

Shares managed on behalf
of employees
7.0% (7.4%)

29.6% (40.6%)

Founders and Managers
3.0% (4.4%) -

20,547,701 listed shares
26,677,398 exercisable voting rights

XX.X% = Percentage of share capital held
(XX.X%) = Percentage of exercisable voting rights

HISTORY OF SOPRA
STERIA GROUP

A PERFORMANCE-ENHANCING
CORPORATE PLAN

Sopra Steria has reinforced its position as a
European leader in digital transformation.

°

g&

Entrepreneurial culture

By its very nature, the Group is agile, has
short decision-making circuits, and moves
rapidly. Managers’ autonomy, collective
responsibility, dedication to serving clients
and respect for others lie at the heart of
the Group's values.

Sopra GMT

19.6% (28.8%) 0.1%

\

Its shares are listed on the SBF 120
index and, in 2017, the Group posted
€3.8 billion in revenue and employed

almost 42,000 people in over 20 countries.

Sopra Steria was born from the merger
in 2014 of two of France's oldest digital
services companies, Sopra and Steria,

founded respectively in 1968 and 1969

6 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

sopra S steria

Oo
CA

Importance of human capital

A demanding human resources policy
focused on nurturing talent to fit

the business culture and the
development of employees ' skills.

Treasury shares

Free float
70.4%

For more information, see Chapter 6,

and both characterised by a strong
entrepreneurial spirit as well as a firm
collective commitment to serving their
clients. To support the Sopra Steria 2020
Project, strategic investments continue in
services, consulting and the development
of business-specific solutions.

0D) ror more information, see Chapter.


--- Page 4 ---

STRATEGY

ee

fe]
oO
FASTER SOLUTIONS ENHANCED, DEVELOPING
DEVELOPMENT VERTICAL STRATEGY CONSULTING
ACTIVITIES Tt
GROUPWIDE

ABOUT SOPRA STERIAGROUP
Strategy

mil

ACCELERATING PROACTIVE
DIGITAL EXTERNAL
RANSFORMATION GROWTH POLICY

ae
wy)
Added value
Sopra Steria differentiates itself more
clearly from its competitors by continuing
to build an edge in its two key areas of
specialisation: Business solutions that,
combined with its full range of services,
give it a unique offering in the sector and
forge very close relationships with its
clients. These relationships are founded on
its roots in the regions where it operates
and its ability to meet its clients’ core
business requirements as effectively as
possible.

Gy

2020 AMBITION

aad

ORGANIC GROWTH

FROM 2018-2020

For more information, see Chapter 1.

3%,.5%

PER YEAR OVER THE PERIOD

J
gv

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged
to promote and enhance innovation,

such as innovation imperatives assigned
to project teams; internal innovation
competitions to develop new digital uses
for the Group's markets; hackathons open
to clients and partners; and platforms for
digital demonstrations, co-design, rapid
development and technology watch open
to clients, employees and partners at all
the Group's major locations (DigiLabs).

g

OPERATING MARGIN
ON BUSINESS ACTIVITY
OF AROUND

10%

a

2020

sopra S steria

5% wo / Yo

\Z
“N

End-to-end approach

With one of the most comprehensive
ranges of solutions and services in the
market, the Group endeavours to develop
its capacity as a turnkey provider in order
to harness all its business lines and its
ecosystem of partners (start-ups, third-
party vendors, etc.) to deliver seamless
end-to-end value propositions that
respond as comprehensively as possible to
the business challenges facing its clients.

—_»
=

FREE CASH FLOW
OF BETWEEN

OF REVENUE

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 7


--- Page 5 ---

lll ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Governance

GOVERNANCE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ MEETING ON 13 APRIL 2018

PIERRE PASQUIER, Chairman of the Board of Directors

° [e)

920 606 © p68
Oy Yul SS

MEMBERS. MALE DIRECTORS DIRECTORS’ AVERAGE INDEPENDENT

1 Of ATTENDANCE RATE AT BOARD DIRECTORS
9 9% 87/0 47%

© OG 1)

NATIONALITIES FEMALE DIRECTORS.
6) DIRECTORS’ MINIMUM
6) ATTENDANCE RATE AT BOARD
MEETINGS
For more information,
8 6% see Chapter 2
O IN 2017

S

RENEWAL OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
FOLLOWING THE GENERAL MEETING ON 12 JUNE 2018

— Reduction in the number of members of the Board of Directors;
— Higher proportion of Independent Directors;

— Some Directors reappointed by rotation;

— Realignment of the mix of skills and expertise.

sb

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Deputy CEOs.

VINCENT PARIS. JOHN TORRIE LAURENT GIOVACHINI
CEO Deputy CEO Deputy CEO
of Sopra Steria Group of Sopra Steria Group of Sopra Steria Group

The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive Management to
and the heads of the main operating and functional entities. For more information,
see Chapter 1

8 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017


--- Page 6 ---

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

SOPRA STERIA: COMMITTED TO A MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD

ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP EES

Corporate responsibility

Sopra Steria has for the past several years been committed to a proactive corporate responsibility policy that is consistent with the
Group's business requirements and in step with fundamental changes in society. This bold commitment requires us to change the

way we see things and to strive together with our stakeholders for a more sustainable world. The Group's policy is part and parcel of a
broader ongoing commitment to share information in its annual corporate responsibility report about the efforts made and the results

achieved.

OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS IN 2017...

Q) ®

ETHICS AND VALUES SOCIETY

1 dedicated governance United Nations Global

framework strengthened Compact/GC Advanced
. level

1 code of ethics Rated among the top 9%

and core values supported
by Executive Management

of Global Compact signatories

EcoVadis
New Way Gold level
The Group's unifying
transformation programme 15 out of 230

in the Gaia Index
In the index for the
9" consecutive year

3" of the Digital Gouv’

barometer index in Europe
Sopra Steria

Support for the
Collége des Bernardins

Digital Chair

International

Inspiration Award
bestowed on Gayathri Mohan,
Head of CSR Sopra Steria India

ver

mai

SEALS OF QUALITY AND ACCREDITATIONS

&
6,8

WORKFORCE

9,500 new employees
joined the Group in 2017,
78% of them on
permanent contracts

Recognised as one
of Europe’s leading
recruiters

France's top recruiter

of young graduates
inthe digital sector

Women account for
31% of the Group's

workforce,

and hold 27% of

engineering, consulting and
project management positions.

Over 1,000,000 hours

of training
provided Group-wide

Employer brand
recognised on social media
and rating platforms

°

qq

am

Happy Trainees accreditation

nS

ENVIRONMENT

1key commitment
Launch of an ambitious
programme to reduce the Group's
greenhouse gas emissions

11% reduction in overall
greenhouse gas emissions
from their 2016 level

Target of a21% reduction

from their 2015 level by 2020
(absolute value)

Science Based Targets
Initiative (SBTi)

World's first digital services company
to have received approval from SBTi
for its greenhouse gas emissions
reduction targets for the Group
asawhole

#WeRRR campaign

Astaff #WeRRR challenge held

to identify the best waste reduction,
recycling and reuse ideas

Universum rankings

Ranking Ranking/Rating
ECOVADIS. Gold Advanced
UNGC GC Advanced level
CDP 2018 A List SupplierCDP Climate Change A List
Mscl ESGA
GAIA 15/230
AL =
ota Coy, , a]
é wos ‘ates Wepp
RS) (es MSCI & a= ALIST
NF are ie

For more information, see Chapter 3. [ky

In France, for the 5" year ina row

Sopra Steria moves up three places in
the Top 100

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 9


--- Page 7 ---

lll ~ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP
Materiality matrix

MATERIALITY
MATRIX

OBJECTIVES AND APPROACH

In 2017, Sopra Steria carried out its first materiality analysis. This analysis helped to identify and rank the priorities most relevant for the
organisation itself and for its stakeholders. The analysis is presented in the form of a matrix, which plots the priorities according to their
importance for the Group (x-axis) against their importance for the Group's stakeholders (y-axis).

QOCO IMPORTANCE
FOR STAKEHOLDERS

! @ Responsible le
H ly chai H
[supply cain Le

Very :

high ' ie
: ie

Data protection

:@ 1
! A Diversity and equal opportunities | &
High | @ Civicengagement :
lm Greenhouse gas emissions :
@ Sustainable development Digital responsibility
embedded in offering : an
Medium : i.

Client satisfaction
Innovation
Ethics and values

Operational security
(including cybersecurity)

Attracting and retaining talent

Skills development
and transformation

Entrepreneurial culture

Labour relations

Workplace well-being
and engagement Een
IMPORTANCE

Medium

™@ Environmental priorities @ Societal priorities A Social priorities

PRINCIPAL ACTION POINTS
A Attract and retain talent

ACTION ADDRESSING A Develop and transform skills
ENVIRONMENTAL PRIORITIES & Foster an entrepreneurial culture

m Cut greenhouse gas emissions within teams

ACTION ADDRESSING SOCIAL PRIORITIES

Very high FOR SOPRA STERIA

@ Market and conduct of business priorities

ACTION ADDRESSING MARKET
AND CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIORITIES

@ Achieve client satisfaction
@ Integrate innovation right across
the value chain
e@ Champion the Group's ethics and values

= Curb the environmental impact & Build strong labour relations ‘set
of activities A Promote diversity and equal @ Keep the Group's activities safe
opportunities and secure
A Promote well-being in the workplace @ Work witha responsible supply chain

ACTION ADDRESSING SOCIETAL PRIORITIES and employee engagement

@ Actas a good corporate citizen
@ Anticipate to digital technology's impact
onsociety

10 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

@ Protect employees’ and clients’
personal data

e@ Embed sustainable development
in the offering

For more information, see Chapter 3


--- Page 8 ---

DIALOGUE
WITH INVESTORS

TECHNICAL DETAILS OF THE SHARE

all

ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP EES

Dialogue with investors

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

A

LISTING Euronext Paris

MARKET Compartment A

ISIN CODE FROOOOOSO0809

TICKER SYMBOL soP

MAIN INDICES SBF 120, CAC ALL-TRADABLE,

CACALL SHARES, CACMID& SMALL,
CACMID 60, CACSOFT&C.S.,

CAC TECHNOLOGY, EURONEXT FASIAS,
NEXT 150.

Eligible for Share Savings Plan
Eligible for Deferred Settlement Service

MEETINGS WITH INVESTORS

&, ©

INVESTORS MET COUNTRIES CITIES
IN 2017 COVERED VISITED

349 13 19

19 February 2018 2017 annual revenue and earnings*
before market open

26 April 2018 Q1.2018 revenue

before market open

12June 2018 Annual General Meeting

3 July 2018 Ex-dividend date

5 July 2018 Dividend payment date

27 July 2018 2018 interim revenue and earnings*
before market open

26 October 2018 Q3 2018 revenue

before market open

*The full-year and half-year results are presented at face-to-face meetings
and at bilingual webcast meetings in French and English.

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS’ HOLDING IN THE GROUP’S CAPITAL

ACCORDING TO THE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE BASED ON THE TPI

SURVEY OF 28 FEBRUARY 2018

Individual shareholders

ot CS

ROADSHOWS CONFERENCES

24 7

WINNEROFTHE2017  WINNEROF THE2017

TRANSPARENCY INVESTOR RELATIONS
PRIZE* PRIZE?

inthe inthe

“Utilitiesand Technologies” "Best IR Presentation”
category category

1. Awards organised by Labrador
2. More information: http://www-forum-ir.com/

For more information, see Chapter 6,

and other
4

French 12.6%

institutional Treasury shares

investors / 02%

27.1%

29.6%

International
institutional investors
30.5%

Controlled
shareholding

TPl survey of 28 February 2018 - Shareholding threshold of over 1,000 shares.

TRA\NSPARENCE GED
This seal of quality is awarded to Registration Documents achieving the highest
level of transparency according to the Annual Transparency Rankings criteria

FOLLOW US ON

OOHO@O®O

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

11


--- Page 9 ---

MEE ABOUT SOPRA STERIA GROUP

Financial performance

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
all

REVENUE

A”
al

OPERATING PROFIT ON BUSINESS ACTIVITY

in millions of euros in millions of euros and as % of revenue 329 8
3011 © (86%)
3,504.4 37413 3,845.4 (8.0%)
33701 7984 zai2 245.5
(63%) (6.8%)
108.9
1,349.0 (8.1%)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Pro forma Pro forma
i ©
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP DIVIDEND IN EUROS
in millions of euros and as % of revenue 171.4 per share
150.4 (45%)
(4.0%) 2.4
22
19 19
92.8 244 17
71.4 (2.8%) (2.4%)
[ | L L L
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017*
Pro forma
* Amount proposed at the 2018 General Meeting,
fey lv
FREE CASH FLOW PERFORMANCE OF SOPRA STERIA SHARES OVER THE PAST 5 YEARS*
in millions of euros RELATIVE TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SBF 120 AND CAC 40 INDICES
1506 148.4*

27.4
2014

2013 | | 2015 2016 2017

-44.2

* Including a €37.0m sale of trade receivables leading to their deconsolidation

12 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

SOPRA STERIA

+224.69%
350
300
250
200
150
100
50
0

SBF120

+48.58%

CAC 40

+42.28%

i T T T T 1
oz/o13 oz/oI4 = z/OIS§ OR/OL/IG—OZ/OL/I?_ 29/12/17

* Rebased 100 at 2 January 2013,

[] For more information, see Chapter 6.


--- Page 10 ---

LINTRODUCTION TO
SOPRA STERIA

1, HISTORY OF SOPRA STERIA GROUP, 14
2. OVERVIEW OF THE DIGITAL SERVICES SECTOR 15
2.1, Main markets - Competitive environment of digital services sector 15
3, STRATEGY AND OBJECTIVES 16
3.1, Strongand original positioning in Europe 16
32. Priorities for action 16
4, SOPRA STERIA'S ACTIVITIES 17
4.1. A European leader in digital transformation v7
4.2, Business expertise at the heart of our strategy 20
4.3. Research and Development of Solutions 22

5 2017 KEY FIGURES AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, 22
51 Key figures for 2017 22
5.2 Review of the Group's position and results in 2017 23

6, 2017 PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SOPRA STERIA

GROUP SA 29
6.1. Income statement 29
6.2. Balance sheet 30
6.3. Identity of shareholders 31
7, SIMPLIFIED GROUP STRUCTURE AT 31 DECEMBER 2017 32
8. GROUP ORGANISATION 33
8.1. Permanent structure 33
8.2, Temporary structures for specific deals and projects 34
9g, RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL, 35
9.1. Risk factors 35
9.2. Insurance 42
9.3. _ Internal control and risk management 42
9.4, Procedures on the preparation and treatment of accounting and financial information 47

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 13


--- Page 11 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

History of Sopra Steria Group

H | History of Sopra Steria Group

A PERFORMANCE-ENHANCING CORPORATE PLAN

Sopra Steria has reinforced its position as a European leader in digital
transformation. The Group's shares are listed on the SBF 120 index, and
it posted €3.8 billion in revenue and employed almost 42,000 people
in over 20 countries in 2017

Sopra Steria was born from the merger in 2014 of two of France's
oldest digital services companies, Sopra and Steria, founded respectively
in 1968 and 1969, and both characterised by a strong entrepreneurial
spirit as well as a firm collective commitment to serving their clients.

1968-1985

Meeting the needs of an increasingly digital society

The emerging IT services industry is in step with the demands of an
increasingly modern society. Sopra and Steria set ambitious growth
targets to achieve critical mass as quickly as possible, and to meet the
needs of major clients with innovative products and services.

Sopra invests in software development and opens up new vertical
markets. Meanwhile, Steria signs a series of major contracts from
the public sector.

1985-2000

An era of rebuilding

After two decades of strong momentum, the IT services market enters
a maturity phase and faces its first tests. In 1985, Sopra rethinks its
fundamentals. A model combining two complementary businesses
emerges, and the company focuses on systems integration and software
development. The Group places financial performance at the heart of
its strategy to ensure its long-term independence and prepare for its
initial public offering, which takes place in 1990.

Steria also reorganises its functional structure. By rationalising and
industrialising processes, it once again wins major deals. Everything
is ready for the company to plan its initial public offering in 1999.

2000-2014

Contributing to clients’ ital transformation

In 2001, the Internet bubble bursts accelerating market changes.
Clients are looking for global players capable of assisting them in
transforming their businesses.

Steria responds to these challenges by making major, structural
acquisitions. The Group doubles in size by integrating Bull’s European
services businesses in 2001, and boosts its consulting offering with
the acquisition of German firm Mummert Consulting in 2005. Xansa,
a British group specialising in BPO (Business Process Outsourcing),
joins the Steria fold in 2007. In 2013, Steria signs one of the biggest
contracts in its history with the UK government, strengthening its
foothold in the public sector.

Sopra combines internal and external growth to consolidate its
European expansion and its areas of expertise: consulting, systems

14 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

integration and solutions development. Axway, a subsidiary formed
by bringing together the Group's software infrastructure divisions,
is floated in 2011 to let it pursue its growth independently and set
out to conquer the US market. Sopra is recognised for its expertise in
financial services, leading to the creation of Sopra Banking Software
in 2012. In 2014, dedicated human resources solutions are brought
together in a single subsidiary, Sopra HR Software.

2014-2018

Anew dimension and stepping up performance

Due to the changes resulting from digital transformation, business-
related issues are becoming increasingly significant within the digital
services market. In this context, a friendly tie-up between Sopra
and Steria makes perfect sense, and on 31 December 2014, a new
European leader in digital transformation is created: Sopra Steria. The
two groups perfectly complement each other in terms of business
activities, strategic vertical markets and geographic segments, and
their business cultures are closely aligned.

In the first few months of 2015, the integration plan jointly designed
by Sopra and Steria teams is successfully rolled out in the operational
and functional departments of the new Group. At the same time, the
Sopra Steria 2020 Project is launched in order to improve performance
in all areas and increase added value. By capitalising on an end-to-end
offering delivered to major clients using a vertical approach, the project
supports initiatives within the area of digital technology and puts the
emphasis on consulting services and the development of software
solutions, by means of organic growth and acquisitions. In 2016, the
Group launches New Way, a three-year programme aiming to unite
all employees around a single culture and shared fundamental values.
The We Share employee shareholding plan makes employees even
more involved in the Group's expansion. With around 7% of share
capital managed on behalf of its employees, Sopra Steria is France’s
leading digital services company in terms of employee shareholders.

To support the Sopra Steria 2020 Project, strategic investments continue
in services, consulting and the development of business-specific
solutions. The acquisition of CIMPA in October 2015 boosts the
Group's presence in the PLM (product lifecycle management) market.
Following the acquisition of software publisher Cassiopae, finalised in
January 2017, three new companies joined the Sopra Steria Group
in 2017 (Kentor, 2MoRO and Gallitt). These acquisitions have helped to
strengthen Sopra Steria’s positioning in Scandinavia, in the aerospace
and banking vertical markets. On 8 January 2018, the Group announced
its plan to acquire BLUECARAT, a Germany IT services company. This
proposed acquisition would strengthen Sopra Steria’s position in
the German market and provide the local subsidiary further growth
opportunities and access to major strategic accounts.

Sopra Steria provides end-to-end solutions to address the core business
needs of large companies and organisations, helping them remain
competitive and grow. Combining expert business knowledge and
added value with innovative high-performance services, the company
excels in guiding its clients through transformation projects to help
them make the most of digital technology.


--- Page 12 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Overview of the digital services sector

Overview of the digital services sector

2.1. Main markets — Competitive environment of digital services sector

In 2017, the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated €270 billion “”.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country (in billions of euros) 2017 estimates
France 33.1]
United Kingdom 84.9
Germany 44.6
Rest of Europe 105.4
TOTAL 270.1
Source: Gartner, updated fourth quarter 2017, in constant 2013 US dollars.

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of euros) 2017 estimates
Consulting 56.6
Development and systems integration 73.5
Outsourced IT services 102.7
Business process outsourcing 37.2
TOTAL 270.1

Source: Gartner, updated fourth quarter 2017, in constant 2013 US dollars.

The European market has two main characteristics:

= three countries alone (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 61% of IT services spending in Europe "”;

= outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for a little over half of IT services spending by
European companies '"’.

In spite of the recent consolidations, the IT services market remains

highly fragmented in Europe. The main competitors of Sopra Steria

are divided into four categories

= players present on all continents, such as IBM, HP EDS, CSC,
Accenture, CGI, Capgemini and Atos;

(1) Source: Gartner report, updated fourth quarter 2017.

a Indian players such as TCS, Cognizant, Wipro and Infosys;

a local players positioned in niche segments with high added value
or general purpose services;

a players in the consulting sector such as EY and BearingPoint;
= software developers: Temenos, Alpha financial, etc.

With 2017 revenue of €3.8 billion and a market share of around 2%,
Sopra Steria is one of Europe's ten largest digital services companies
(excluding captive service providers and purely local players)

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 15


--- Page 13 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Strategy and objectives

Strategy and objectives

3.1. Strong and original positioning
in Europe

Sopra Steria aims to become a leader for digital transformation in
Europe, with a comprehensive, high value-added offering, enabling its
clients to make the best use of digital technology to innovate, transform
their operations and optimise their performance. The Group's aim is
to be the benchmark partner for large public authorities, financial and
industrial operators and strategic companies in the main countries in
which it operates.

Sopra Steria will differentiate itself more clearly from its competitors
by continuing to build an edge in its two key areas of specialisation:

= industry-specific solutions which, when combined with the Group's
full range of services, make its offering unique;

= very close relationships with its clients, thanks to its roots in the
regions where it operates and its ability to meet core business
requirements without taking the prescriptive approach favoured
by certain global providers.

3.2. Priorities for action

3.2.1. FASTER SOLUTIONS DEVELOPMENT

In software, the ambitions and momentum of Sopra Steria — ranked
France's number two software vendor ‘") — have been confirmed. The
Group has reaffirmed the medium-term target of bringing the share of
its solution development and integration activities to 20% of its revenue.
Combining organic and external growth, efforts will continue to enrich
the Group's offering, in particular to open it up to the digital world,
as well as developing managed services and geographic expansion,
which may go beyond Europe. The development of Sopra Banking
Software is a priority. The Group will also continue to strengthen its
leading position in Human Resources and Property Management,
remaining on the look-out for new sector opportunities.

3.2.2. ENHANCED VERTICAL STRATEGY

Focused business development

To support the positioning that it has chosen, the Group is continuing
its policy of concentrating on certain targeted vertical markets and key
accounts across all of its locations. Business development focuses on
eight priority vertical markets, together accounting for almost 90%
of revenue: Banking; Public Sector; Aerospace, Defence & Homeland
Security; Energy & Utilities; Telecoms & Media; Transport; Insurance;
and Retail.

For each vertical, the Group selects a small number of major accounts
(in total, fewer than 100 at Group level) and focuses on a few different
areas of business in which it aims to secure a leading position through
high value-added end-to-end offerings.

End-to-end offerings

With one of the most comprehensive ranges of solutions and services in
the market, the Group endeavours to develop its capacity as a turnkey
provider in order to harness all its business lines and its ecosystem
of partners (start-ups, third party vendors, etc.) to deliver seamless
end-to-end value propositions that respond as comprehensively as
possible to the business challenges facing its clients.

(1) Source: Truffle 100, May 2017.

16 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

3.2.3. DEVELOPING CONSULTING ACTIVITIES
GROUPWIDE

In order to position itself even more securely with client decision-
makers at the business department level, the Group is working
to accelerate its development in consulting and has set itself the
medium-term target of increasing the proportion of its business in
this area to 15% of revenue. To do this, it is gradually developing a
range of consulting services and capacity in all of the regions in which
it operates, using a model that favours synergies with the Group’s
other business lines. The priorities in this area are: Digital consulting,
development of upstream consulting (e.g. digital strategy, operating
strategy, IT strategy); enhancing industry expertise in each vertical
market, giving priority to Banking; and lastly, establishing a strong
Consulting brand in the market.

3.2.4. ACCELERATING DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

Sopra Steria has successfully completed numerous digital projects.
Its experience has allowed it to develop an end-to-end digital
transformation approach for companies and governments, based on
a series of best practices.

The Group is continuing its own digital transformation to consolidate
its leading position in this field with the following goals

= being at the cutting edge of the market in all of its services and
business models;

= educating all of its employees in digital culture, practices and skills;
= strengthening its technological leading position;

= keeping an eye on the market in order to clarify its digital strategy
and target the best digital partners.

Offering

The solutions offered by the Group evolve at a rapid rate in order to
factor in advances in digital technology in a number of key areas, such
as client/user experience, service platforms, analytics and virtual advisors.

Each of its major service offerings has also been reviewed: Consulting,
Application Services, Infrastructure Management, Cybersecurity,
Business Process Services. This has a number of aims:

= to use the immense potential of new technologies for the benefit
of all of its clients;

= to promote new value propositions: UX/UI strategy & design, digital
factory, end-to-end cloud migration services and leveraging data, etc.;

= to roll out new agile and collaborative “ways of doing” resulting
from digital technology as widely as possible;

= to push forward the development of software component based-
solutions (IP or accelerators);

= and to capitalise on smart machines as a way of improving
productivity and service standards.

Technology

Structures are in place to help entities keep an eye on technologies
and their use and provide the necessary expertise for conducting
digital projects: an Advisory Board (made up of people from outside
the Group), “digital champions” teams for each priority vertical and
key technology (Digital Interaction, Smart Machines, Data Science,
Blockchain, loT & Automation, etc.)


--- Page 14 ---

At the same time, the Group has the means to develop the best digital
solutions on the market for its clients much more quickly: digital
enablement and social coding platforms (Cloud, DevOps, micro-
services, API, etc.) allowing for development, capitalisation, re-use and
execution “as a service” of software components; accelerators for the
use of emerging technologies (bots, blockchain, etc.)

The ecosystem of partners

Special efforts are being made to establish targeted partnerships
with leading players in the digital ecosystem by vertical and by major
techology area (start-ups and niche players, institutions of higher
education and research laboratories, major software publishers and
the “big four” - Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon, etc.). In this
regard, a (collaborative) observatory of start-ups works with teams
of “digital champions” and Group entities.

It is within this framework that a strategic partnership has been forged
between Sopra Steria and Axway, giving the Group the essential
building blocks for its solutions and services activities in the area of
digital technology.

Sopra Steria’s activities

4.1. A European leader in digital
transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation, has one of
the most extensive portfolios of offerings available on the market,
spanning consulting and systems integration, the development of
business- and technology-specific solutions, infrastructure management,
cybersecurity and business process services (BPS).

The Group provides end-to-end solutions to address the core business
needs of large companies and organisations, helping them remain
competitive and grow throughout their transformation, from strategic
analysis, programme guidance and implementation, and the conversion
and operation of IT infrastructures, to designing and implementing
solutions and outsourcing business processes.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Sopra Steria’s activities

Innovation

Numerous initiatives are being encouraged to promote and enhance
innovation, such as innovation imperatives assigned to project teams;
internal innovation competitions to develop new digital uses for
the Group’s markets; hackathons open to clients and partners; and
platforms for digital demonstrations, co-design, rapid development
and technology watch open to clients, employees and partners at all
the Group’s major locations (DigiLabs).

3.2.5. PROACTIVE, TARGETED EXTERNAL
GROWTH POLICY

The Group will continue to play an active part in market consolidation,
in a targeted way. Its approach will focus on three main areas: solutions
(with the priority on banking solutions), consulting, and strengthening
its position in certain geographies.

Combining added value, innovative solutions and high-performance
services, Sopra Steria’s hybrid model capitalises on its substantial
experience. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients, the Group
is able to continually innovate to guarantee that its offerings remain
relevant to the strategic challenges of each of its vertical markets.

Sopra Steria is an independent group whose founders and managers
control 22.6% of its share capital and 33.2% of its theoretical voting
rights. With almost 42,000 employees in over 20 countries, it pursues
a strategy based on European key accounts.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway Software,
whose exchange and digital enablement platforms play an important
role in renovating information systems and opening them up to digital
technology.

For Sopra Steria, helping its clients to succeed in their digital transformation means turning their strategic and business challenges into
digital initiatives by means of an exclusive end-to-end offering. Whether this takes a vertical approach (from the ideation of a need through
to execution) or a horizontal approach (driven by data continuity), Sopra Steria’s approach enables it to offer multi-disciplinary teams.
These teams are trained in new microservices platforms, DevOps and Cloud technology (hard skills). They are also adopting new methods
of designing, delivering and embedding teams (soft skills). Sopra Steria is therefore able to offer the two key elements of successful digital
transformation: speed of execution (or delivery in “fast IT” mode) and openness to external ecosystems.

4.1.1. CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION

a) Consulting

Sopra Steria Consulting, the Group’s consulting brand, is a leading
consulting firm. Sopra Steria Consulting has over 40 years’ experience
in business and technological consultancy for large companies and
public bodies, with around 2,400 consultants in France and Europe. Its
aim is to accelerate the development and competitiveness of its clients
by supporting them in their digital transformation. This support mainly
involves understanding clients’ business issues using substantial sector-

specific expertise, and then working to design transformation roadmaps
(business processes, data architecture, change management, etc.) to
make the most of new digital technologies.

b) Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and covers
all aspects of the information system lifecycle and major transformation
programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address the full range of its
clients’ software asset needs:

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 17


--- Page 15 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients implement agile and industrial-
scale projects. The Group undertakes to design and deliver systems in
line with business requirements that are flexible and adapted to the
new requirements of digital transformation as well as sector-specific
regulatory constraints. This is made possible by working closely with
the Sopra Steria Consulting teams.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard information systems maintenance, Sopra
Steria takes a continuous transformation approach to these systems
to guarantee optimised operational efficiency for its clients, suited
to changes in their business. The transformation approach includes
a well-equipped and documented procedure making it possible to
combine the issues involved in reducing the time to market, and
improving competitiveness and continuity of service.

Streamlining data flow

Once the systems and technologies are implemented, IT gives access
to reliable, relevant and critical data, offering better analysis of user
satisfaction and optimisation of service performance.

With the increasing number of diverse data sources relating to
fundamental changes in use, data is a more valuable factor for the
company than ever. To increase the value of this data, Sopra Steria
has developed specific know-how and expertise to manage the
exponential growth in data volumes and associated skills (data science,
smart machines, automation, artificial intelligence) by integrating
them in a global solution, securing the data regardless of its origin
(mobile devices, smart objects, data privacy, the Cloud, multi-modal
and multi-channel systems, etc.) and using the data by means of
contextualised algorithms.

The Group’s systems integration offering thus meets the challenges

posed by both the obsolescence and modernisation of information
systems, ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation.

PLM (Product Lifecycle Management)

CIMPA provides comprehensive expertise via its PLM offering, which
covers all the various facets of PLM services:

= PLM strategy creation or optimisation;
= deployment of strategy-related tools, processes or methods;
= user training and support.

4.1.2. IT INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

With over 4,500 technology experts worldwide and more than
10 years’ experience in developing our outsourcing service centres in
Europe and India, Sopra Steria Infrastructure Management provides
digital transformation support for all technological and organisational
transformation projects from consulting to execution.

Infrastructure management's hands-on approach covers five types
of services that are essential for the changing IT needs of our clients:

= Consulting on services: offers value propositions for the co-
management and operation of transformation projects. This is across
all of the four other service categories listed below;

= Optimum cloud services: A comprehensive range of cloud solutions
and services with key market operators. Customisable services such
as: CloudOps, CloudOptim or even CloudMigrationFactory to manage
our clients’ cloud environments;

18 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

= Application live services: Proven commissioning, service continuity
and data management solutions. Customisable services such as:
Devops services, Live services, API services and Smart Data services
to ensure reliability and a high level of application availability;

= Intelligent services: An intelligent services platform to better
serve our clients’ employees. Customisable services such as: Digital
workplace services, Support services and Al Services to make client
services more efficient;

= Legacy services plus: Technology experts in servers, storage and
backup to optimise existing applications while also looking after
development and interconnection with applications hosted in the
Cloud. These services are complemented by hosting capacity in
Europe, benefiting from HDS certification (France).

4.1.3. CYBERSECURITY

With over 700 experts and latest-generation Cybersecurity Centres in
Europe and worldwide (France, United Kingdom, Singapore), Sopra
Steria is a global player in protecting major institutional and private
clients

Cybersecurity covers five key areas of expertise:

= Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC): high value-added
consulting services coupled with GRC solution integration in order
to provide well-equipped security governance focusing on the
management of business risks;

= Regulatory compliance: comprehensive help with ensuring
compliance with major security regulations (NIS/LPM, GDPR/CNIL,
sector-specific regulations), based on both legal and technical
expertise;

= Application security: a complete programme for securing
applications, including a Security by Design project approach and
unique code as a service audit capacity;

= Data security: an innovative, end-to-end range of data services:
strategy, analysis and classification, protection solutions (DLP, DRM),
supervision and dashboards;

Security Operations Center (SOC) managed services: a
comprehensive and evolving information management solution to
anticipate, detect, analyse and respond to cyberattacks as quickly
and accurately as possible thanks to artificial intelligence innovations.

4.1.4. BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: Banking via Sopra Banking Software, Human
Resources via Sopra HR Software and Property Management with its
property management solutions. The Group adapts and deploys its
application solutions to offer its clients high-performance enterprise
software packages, in line with the development of their company and
the latest information technology, know-how and expertise.

Sopra Banking Software: a leading name for banks

With 800 clients worldwide and 3,285 staff (excluding shared service
centres) in over 70 countries, Sopra Banking Software is the partner
of choice for banks and financial institutions for their day-to-day
performance needs and helping with digital transformation.

Sopra Banking Software, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
produces software solutions for a wide range of banking operations,
enabling financial institutions to improve their responsiveness, agility


--- Page 16 ---

and more generally their productivity. In addition to its software
offering, Sopra Banking Software offers deployment, support and
training services.

Digital core banking solutions

The solutions offered by Sopra Banking Software are suitable for
retail (direct or branch-based) banks, as well as for private banks.
These services also cover more specific needs such as Islamic banking,
microfinance and the implementation of “factory’-style globalised
solutions (such as payment and credit solutions).

Sopra Banking Suite’ meets general needs by offering integrated
systems, but also more specific vertical market needs such as loan
services, payment transactions, management of bank cards and
accounts, banking distribution, cash management and regulatory
compliance via a wide range of business components which may be
linked together. It should be noted that it is also possible to implement
these solutions one component at a time, allowing a gradual step
by step approach.

To serve the needs of banks of all sizes and locations, Sopra
Banking Suite® offers two flagship solutions: Amplitude®, an integrated
solution designed to provide a very broad business offering in emerging
markets and among mid-sized banks thanks to its modularity, flexibility
and openness, and Platform®, designed to provide a comprehensive,
innovative and robust solution in mature markets through a blend of
components based on a service-oriented architecture.

Services

Sopra Banking Software, a comprehensive service provider, offers a
number of services linked to its solution offering. From consulting to
analysis, planning, training of teams, implementation and maintenance,
Sopra Banking Software supports clients throughout their project.

As well as operating its own solutions, Sopra Banking Software also
offers SaaS solutions, notably for direct banks and for regulatory
reporting purposes.

Sopra HR Software: a market leader in human resources
management

Sopra Steria Group also develops human resource management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra
Steria). Sopra HR Software is present in 10 countries, providing
comprehensive HR solutions perfectly suited to the needs of human
resources departments. Sopra HR Software currently has a workforce
of 1,412 people and manages the payrolls of 850 clients with over
12 million employees.

Sopra HR Software is a partner for successful digital transformation of
companies and anticipates new generations of HR solutions.

Solutions

The Sopra HR Software offerings are based on the most innovative
business practices and cover a wide range of functions, including Core
HR, Payroll, Time and Activity, Talent Management, HR Space, and
Analytics. The offering is based on two product lines, HR Access® and
Pléiades®, aimed at large and medium-sized organisations in the public
or private domain, regardless of their business sector, organisational
complexity or location.

Within Sopra HR Lab, the Group anticipates the best of new HR
solutions.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Sopra Steria’s activities

Services

Sopra HR Software, a comprehensive service provider, offers a number
of services linked to its solution offering. Sopra HR Software supports
its clients throughout their projects, from consulting through to
implementation, including staff training, maintenance and business
process services.

Sopra HR Software implements its own solutions in on-premises or
outsourced mode, as well as offering a wide range of managed services.

Property management solutions by Sopra Steria: the leading
name in digital transformation for property management

Sopra Steria is the leading publisher - distributor - integrator - service
manager of property management software in France. At the cutting
edge of digital technologies, it offers its clients the most comprehensive
information system on the market.

Targeting major operators in the public and private sector in France
(institutional investors, social housing, property management
companies, major users), Sopra Steria covers all areas of the property
industry and markets itself through comprehensive solutions comprising
products, innovative technology services (collaborative platform, BIM,
apps, cloud, extranet) and consulting services.

With this full digital offering, Sopra Steria combines digital services
around a single data repository for the building, its occupants and
management of real estate assets. This therefore makes it possible to
achieve a higher return on the property portfolio while also improving
its use and relations with occupants and service providers.

4.1.5. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES

The huge expansion in breakthrough digital technologies that have
entered every aspect of our lives is regarded as the fourth industrial
revolution. This will turn our markets upside down, creating newcomers
and new industries and wiping out others. The way in which services
are executed is being reinvented. The very future of how we work is
gradually changing. This represents both an opportunity and a threat.

Early familiarisation with new technologies, understanding how they
interact and their impact on security and business activity is the first
challenge to be addressed for any organisation. It is then necessary to
define stages to make as much of it as possible. Sopra Steria’s Business
Process Services (BPS) now go hand in hand with digital transformation,
helping clients through all of these stages. The experience of Sopra
Steria’s teams ranges from designing new start-ups to highly complex
shared services.

Sopra Steria Group combines expertise from consulting to services
operation, relying on international experts in the field of business
processes, technology, integration and data architecture to come up
with new targeted digital operating models serving existing clients
or new ordering parties. Sopra Steria’s UX (user experience) teams
devise optimised client experiences in collaboration with experienced
business consultants. They deploy intelligent automation to perform
straight-through processing using cognitive robotics and software,
thereby combining the power of artificial intelligence and data analysis.

In addition, teams have a dynamic ecosystem of partners to encourage
and capitalise on emerging start-up and SME technologies. Sopra
Steria offers turnkey applications and its own platforms to design,
build and operate end-to-end business process services.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 19


--- Page 17 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Sopra Steria’s activities

Via its Business Process Services offering, Sopra Steria adapts services
to meet its clients’ needs as closely as possible thanks to individual
processes such as “Know Your Customer”, for example helping to
combat money laundering in the banking sector, HR, finance and
accounting functionalities, or even services shared between a number
of organisations such as the British government and the National
Health Service.

Digital technology represents a fantastic opportunity for our clients.
We help to transform their processes and perform these services
in an effective way using the latest technologies and our talented
teams. Sopra Steria is a leader in the business process services market
in Europe. In particular, the Group operates the largest Business
Processes as a Service (BPaaS) platform in Europe for shared services
handling financial and accounting processes (NHS SBS). Moreover,
the Group was the first IT service provider to take over the operation
of part of the business and back-office processes for a police force
in Europe (Cleveland police in the United Kingdom). Winning the
SSCL programme at the end of 2013 — with the potential to meet
all the British government's front, middle and back office process
requirements — considerably strengthened this position. A further
breakthrough came in 2015 with the signing of an agreement with
the Metropolitan Police Service, the largest police force in the United
Kingdom, for Sopra Steria to create a BPaaS platform for the police.
This platform is intended to serve several police forces in a similar way
to Sopra Steria’s multi-client health platform (NHS SBS).

4.2. Business expertise at the heart
of our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen eight major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence and make up 90% of revenue. The Group has
a comprehensive offering in each of these fields, meeting the specific
challenges of its clients.

4.2.1. BANKING

The banking and finance sector is subject to major changes. Regulatory
requirements are constantly changing and the digital revolution,
which has led to the emergence of digital banking, has increased the
expectations of clients who now have multiple banking relationships.
With technological developments and the arrival of newcomers
(Fintechs, Gafas, telecoms operators), relations with banks have
changed considerably.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
for banks, helping to facilitate and accelerate this transformation.

With three core areas of expertise — understanding of the banking
sector, its clients and the most innovative technologies — the Group
offers powerful and agile software solutions, as well as their application
by means of value-added use. The Group and its subsidiary Sopra
Banking Software provide comprehensive solutions and turn changes
in the banking world into opportunities for their clients, whether in risk
management, regulatory compliance, data protection, improving the
client experience, optimising performance, delivering differentiation
or identifying new sources of income.

(1) Shared Services Connected Limited, joint venture between Sopra Steria and the UK Cabinet Office.

20

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

4.2.2. PUBLIC SECTOR

Faced with new expectations from citizens and companies, the need
to optimise expenditure, and the obligation to keep up with regulatory
changes, governments continue to implement a huge programmes of
public sector transformation to transform their activities, organisation
and user service offering

In a context in which digital technology is a force for change, Sopra
Steria provides, firstly, solutions for the digitisation of government
services, process re-engineering and, more generally, modernisation
of business-specific information systems, and secondly, solutions for
pooling the support functions of central government, local authorities
and key providers in the health and welfare sectors.

Asa result, public sector organisations can ensure that they meet their
targets and priorities at the lowest cost, while giving their information
system the agility it requires to cope with the challenges they face.

4.2.3. AEROSPACE, DEFENCE & HOMELAND SECURITY

a. Aerospace

The aeronautics and space sector is a particularly fertile ground for
innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding reliability, availability,
security and performance, which require suppliers to have full command
of the technologies and processes implemented, as well as a thorough
understanding of their different clients’ core businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must align
their capacities with the pace of production and optimise their
processes and information systems while also improving profitability.
Digital continuity and the ability to manage the product life cycle,
from design to manufacture and after-sales services, are crucial.
Sopra Steria’s acquisition in 2015 of CIMPA, a specialist in product
lifecycle management, makes total sense in this context particularly
as it was followed in 2017 by the acquisition of 2MoRO, extending
the group's offering in aerospace maintenance activities.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into play in
such critical areas as industrial efficiency, manufacturing and particularly
the shop floor, supply chain, on-board systems and air traffic control.

b. Defence

In a tense geopolitical context, marked by the rise of new threats to
states (cybercrime, terrorism, etc.), defence departments must improve
their effectiveness while taking into account budgetary constraints.
It has become essential to optimise the interoperability and security
of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time information

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting the military in Europe,
Sopra Steria combines pragmatism and innovation, thanks to powerful
technological and process solutions

= interoperability and security of military systems;

= efficiency and overall effectiveness of the armed forces;

a efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain management);
a reliability of operational and communication information systems;
= mass data leveraging for information systems;


--- Page 18 ---

= sovereign cyber-defence solutions and services;

= control over costs and the complexity of ensuring compliance for
command and control systems.

c. Homeland Security

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges of
homeland security. The Group operates in 24 countries, serving many
different organisations: police, emergency services, border control,
census services, justice, customs and homeland security services.

Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning:

= management of surveys and domestic intelligence;
= road safety;
= automation of command and control solutions;

= management of identity documents, security credentials and civil
and criminal biometrics;

= modernisation of civil and criminal systems and management of
prisoners;

a intelligent, distributed computer systems;
= infrastructure security;
= mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.

In addition, the Group has developed innovative solutions specific to
the security sector, to meet the challenges and requirements of clients
in this field (biometrics, mobile technology, fingerprint and genetic
footprint search engines, etc.).

4.2.4. ENERGY & UTILITIES

Faced with the challenges of energy transition and the opening up of
markets, as well as regulatory constraints, companies in the energy
sector must be increasingly creative to improve their productivity,
develop new products and services, control costs, reduce their
environmental impact and rationalise their operations. The decisions
made at the COP21 climate talks in November 2015 only increase
these challenges by encouraging major principals to diversify and
innovate even more, to control energy more effectively and revamp their
management of customer relationships (companies, local authorities
and private individuals).

Other major issues must also be taken into account:

= control of expenditure and maintenance costs for production,
transportation and distribution infrastructures;

= rapid change in customer requirements and development of services
as growth drivers;

= end-to-end control of energy and data flows (from production to
the end-user via smart meters);

= the transition to new generations, particularly on the production side.

Sopra Steria helps energy suppliers and utilities transform all their

key processes: exploration, production and trading, transport and
distribution, marketing and services.

4.2.5. TELECOMS, MEDIA & GAMES

The telecoms, media and games sector is at the centre of the digital
revolution, and is continually innovating to stay abreast of new
digital interactions and the emergence of new technologies and
usage patterns.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Sopra Steria’s activities

Sopra Steria enables its clients to meet the following main challenges:

= transformation of the telecommunications sector: end-to-end
digitisation, from client systems to infrastructure, network
virtualisation, fixed-mobile convergence, reduction of the time to
market, optimisation and digitalisation of customer relationships;

network management: reduction in infrastructure management
costs, introduction and operation of new technologies such as SDN/
NFV or 5G, reduction in delivery times, sharing of operating and
investment expenditures between providers;

diversification: operators offer new services such as the internet of
things, content distribution and even financial services;

core media business: use of new technologies, optimisation of
advertising revenue, digitisation of content, improvement in the
creation and broadcasting of television programmes;

core Games business: management of customer retention and
churn, fraud reduction and control over cash flows, compliance with
regulations, digitisation of distribution channels, and differentiation
by customer experience

4.2.6. TRANSPORT

The transport sector is undergoing far-reaching changes: increasing
openness to competition, growing European and urban traffic, new
modes of transport (car sharing, low-cost operators, long-distance
buses, etc.), the digital revolution (Uber, BlaBlaCar, etc.) and the
renovation of old networks.

Faced with these major challenges, the transport sector must change
and propose multiple or integrated offerings (bus, taxi, bike, etc.)
through a door-to-door offering; become customer-centred and develop
loyalty; propose new services (luggage, guarantees for passengers,
mobile ticketing).

Sopra Steria has developed business know-how in all of these fields
based on three main themes:

a infrastructure management: asset management, development of
mobile tools for maintenance, paperless records, etc.;

a traffic management: from timetable design to transport planning,
fleet management and supervision of rail, road and air traffic;

a traveller experience: mobile ticketing, boarding and access control,
passenger information

4.2.7. INSURANCE

The insurance sector is fiercely competitive and subject to increasingly
strict regulation. As in other areas, policyholders expect to interact
with providers via various channels, and providers are attempting to
develop client-centred processes in order to ensure seamless service
for all the policyholder’s major milestones. Insurance companies and
social welfare providers have to find a way of cutting costs while also
optimising efficiency and providing a differentiated and harmonious
client experience.

Sopra Steria offers its clients solutions focused on transforming
distribution models, the development of new insurance products
and services and operational efficiency, through services such as:
enhanced value of client experience, leveraging of data and information
assets, acceleration of paperless processes and digital transformation,
alignment of business processes and information systems and the use
of smart devices for prevention, of big data for combating fraud and
artificial intelligence for smart care.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 21


--- Page 19 ---

“ll INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

4.2.8. RETAIL

Retailers face an unfavourable economic environment and profound
and continual changes in the patterns of consumption of clients
who increasingly use digital technology. Transformation is essential.

It involves having secure, controlled business practices as well as a
real ability to innovate to meet consumer requirements for immediate
and flexible services.

Sopra Steria guides retailers in their digital transformation, making
these companies’ information systems a lever for performance.

4.3. Research and Development of Solutions

The Group continued its R&D efforts, investing €102.2 million in 2017
(versus €111.2 million in 2016) in developing and expanding its
industry-specific solutions. All of these totals are gross amounts and
do not take into account funding related to the French R&D tax credit.

statements

5.1 Key figures for 2017

| KEY INCOME STATEMENT AND BALANCE SHEET ITEMS

R&D expenses mainly consist of the direct cost of staff dedicated to
developing certain solution offerings and software packages produced
by Sopra Steria: €99.4 million were recognised as operating expenses.

2017 key figures and consolidated financial

(in millions of euros) 2017 2016
Revenue 3,845.4 3,741.3
EBITDA 349.4 344.0
Operating profit on business activity 329.8 301.1

As % of revenue 8.6% 8.0%
Profit from recurring operations 286.8 267.8

As % of revenue 7.5% 7.2%
Operating profit 261.7 240.2

As % of revenue 6.8% 6.4%
Net profit attributable to the Group 171.4 150.4

As % of revenue 4.5% 4.0%
Total assets 3,803.8 3,884.9
Total non-current assets 2,247.1 2,251.3
Equity attributable to the Group 1,208.2 1,070.6
Minority interests 31.8 32.5
Number of shares at 31 December 20,547,701 20,531,795
Basic earnings per share (in euros) 8.48 7.50
Fully diluted earnings per share (in euros) 8.45 7.49
Net dividend per share (in euros) 2.40 2.20
Total workforce at 31 December 41,661 39,813

(1) Net profit attributable to the Group divided by the average number of shares during the year excluding treasury shares.
(2) Net profit attributable to the Group divided by the average number of shares during the year excluding treasury shares, taking into account the dilutive effect of instruments convertible

into ordinary shares.
(3) Dividend to be proposed at the General Meeting of 12 June 2018.

22 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017


--- Page 20 ---

| BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE BY REPORTING UNIT

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

(05%) 2017 2016
France 42% 41%
United Kingdom 21% 25%
Other Europe 21% 19%
Sopra Banking Software 10% 9%
Other Solutions 6% 6%
TOTAL 100% 100%
| REVENUE BY VERTICAL MARKET

(as %) 2017 2016
Banking 23% 22%
Insurance 6% 5%
Public Sector 22% 23%
Aerospace, Defence, Homeland Security 18% 19%
Energy, Utilities 7% 8%
Telecoms, Media, Games 5% 6%
Transport 6% 6%
Retail 3% 2%
Other 10% 10%
TOTAL 100% 100%

5.2 Review of the Group’s position
and results in 2017

5.2.1. GENERAL CONTEXT AND KEY EVENTS IN 2017

Sopra Steria generated 2017 revenue of €3,845.4 million, reflecting
buoyant organic growth of 3.5%. Changes in scope had a positive
impact of €38.9 million, while currency fluctuations had a negative
impact of €64.3 million. Total revenue growth for the Group was
2.8% year on year.

The Group's operating profit on business activity grew by 9.5%

relative to 2016, to €329.8 million, a margin of 8.6% (compared to

8.0% in 2016).

2017 marked the successful completion of the first phase in the

construction of the post-merger model for Sopra Steria Group:

a the three-year targets set in March 2015, namely revenue of between
€3.8 and €4.0 billion and an operating margin on business activity
of between 8.0% and 9.0%, have been met;

= as an annual average over the past three years, organic growth
was 3.6%;

= the underperforming segments identified in 2014 (Germany and
IT infrastructure management in France) were successfully turned
around and today offer advantages for the future;

= a specific repositioning plan has been launched for the United
Kingdom;

= consulting and Software are making stronger contributions to
Group revenue;

= Sopra Banking Software has initiated its shift to a software vendor
model and its product offerings have been redefined;

= the Group's transformation is underway: alignment of business
models by geographies, rollout of digital conceptualised as a
continuum, changes in human resource management.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 23


--- Page 21 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

5.2.2. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2017

| PERFORMANCE BY REPORTING UNIT

2017 2016
€m %. €m %
France
Revenue 1,597.0 1,528.1
Operating profit on business activity 138.0 8.6% 123.3 8.1%
Profit from recurring operations 123.7 7.7% 114.4 7.5%
Operating profit 111.2 7.0% 102.7 6.7%
of which C&SI (including CIMPA)
Organic growth +4.2% +8.0%
Revenue 1,396.0 1,327.4
Operating profit on business activity 128.0 9.2% 119.0 9.0%
Profit from recurring operations 114.7 8.2% 110.6 8.3%
Operating profit 108.6 7.8% 106.1 8.0%
of which 12S
Organic growth +0.2% -1.3%
Revenue 200.9 200.6
Operating profit on business activity 10.0 5.0% 4.4 2.2%
Profit from recurring operations 9.0 4.5% 3.8 1.9%
Operating profit 2.6 1.3% -3.4 -1.7%
United Kingdom
Revenue 801.7 927.9
Operating profit on business activity 52.8 6.6% 74.7 8.0%
Profit from recurring operations 40.7 5.1% 63.1 6.8%
Operating profit 36.9 4.6% 59.4 6.4%
Other Europe
Revenue 827.6 728.1
Operating profit on business activity 67.1 8.1% 41.8 5.7%
Profit from recurring operations 62.8 7.6% 39.1 5.4%
Operating profit 56.7 6.8% 31.1 4.3%
Sopra Banking Software
Revenue 402.2 350.9
Operating profit on business activity 38.9 9.7% 31.9 9.1%
Profit from recurring operations 28.3 7.0% 22.9 6.5%
Operating profit 24.3 6.0% 19.9 5.7%
Other Solutions
Revenue 216.9 206.4
Operating profit on business activity 33.0 15.2% 29.4 14.2%
Profit from recurring operations 31.3 14.4% 28.3 13.7%
Operating profit 28.9 13.3% 26.7 12.9%

In France, 2017 revenue came to €1,597.0 million, representing

organic growth of 3.7%.

= In 2017, Consulting & Systems Integration (€1,396.0 million in
revenue) consolidated its leadership position in the French market,
delivering solid performance. Organic growth was buoyant, coming in
at 4.2%. That brisk pace was driven to a great extent by Consulting,
which surged 11.2% year on year. Nearly all verticals contributed to
this growth, with the strongest being aerospace, the public sector,
defence and insurance. The operating margin on business activity
improved during the year to 9.2% (up 0.2 percentage points year
on year), despite significant investments in training and offerings.

24 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

a 12S (Infrastructure & Security Services) has successfully
repositioned itself on services with high added value (consulting,
architecture, cloud, solutions and cybersecurity, among others),
reflected by the substantial improvement in its operating margin
on business activity to 5.0%, versus 2.2% in 2016. Revenue for
the financial year stood at €200.9 million, equating to organic
growth of 0.2%. The success of efforts in the past three years to
move towards a more selective approach to new contracts, drive
up the value of offerings and ensure closer ties with the Consulting
& Systems Integration businesses suggests a return to growth and
continuing improvement in operating performance, thereby bringing
it in line with the Group's standards.


--- Page 22 ---

In the United Kingdom, 2017 revenue was €801.7 million,
representing negative organic growth of 7.7%. Exchange rate
fluctuations had a negative impact of €59.7 million. Overall, the region
posted negative revenue growth of 13.6%. Part of this performance was
due to the anticipated transition phase experienced by the SSCL joint
venture, which is expected to continue into the first half of 2018. In
addition, client decision-making cycles saw a lengthening trend overall
in the second half of 2017, in an environment marked by a more
wait-and-see attitude. Against this backdrop, the operating margin
on business activity contracted to 6.6% in 2017 (8.0% in 2016). This
contraction is explained by lower volumes as well as the one-year
migration postponement (until 5 February 2018) for an SSCL client.
A plan was launched in 2017 to turn around the performance of
this region. Its aims are to refocus the model on services with higher
added value that also take greater advantage of digital opportunities
and to expand the portfolio of private sector clients. The plan includes
investments in the Consulting business and in sales teams. In 2018,
it will be accompanied by a cost-cutting plan aimed at generating
savings of about €20 million on a full-year basis.

Revenue for the Other Europe reporting unit rose sharply to
€827.6 million, equating to organic growth of 12.0%. All of the
region's countries recorded robust growth. Germany, Scandinavia,
the Benelux countries and Italy had growth rates higher than 10%.
This performance was coupled with a substantial improvement in
the reporting unit’s operating margin on business activity to 8.1%
(up 2.4 percentage points on the prior year), driven in large part by

| GROUP CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

Germany which has completed a successful turnaround, illustrated
by its margin of over 9%.

Sopra Banking Software generated revenue of €402.2 million,
equating to organic growth of 11.2%, thanks to a strong increase in
licence sales (up 19%) and robust growth in services. The Platform,
Amplitude and Cassiopae solutions all contributed to this growth, with
33 new contracts signed and more than 50 go-live decisions in the
year. In particular, 2017 demonstrated the strong appeal among Tier 1
banks of the approach used by the Platform solution: the launch of the
Loan component for La Banque Postale, the sale of the Lending Suite
for Crédit Agricole’s corporate banking division and the cross-selling of
components, particularly those dealing with regulatory aspects, across
different assets. As regards profitability, Sopra Banking Software's
operating margin on business activity increased by 0.6 percentage
points, from 9.1% in 2016 to 9.7% in 2017

Other Solutions (Human Resource Solutions and Property Management
Solutions) posted revenue of €216.9 million, with organic growth
reaching 4.7% thanks to a very strong fourth quarter for both HR
and Property Management solutions. It is worth noting that Sopra
HR Software is managing more than 700,000 payslips each month
as of year-end 2017, having added 120,000 payslips over the year.
Major product advances in terms of digitisation have been achieved for
Property Management Solutions (multi-channel collaborative platform,
mobile applications, digital technologies such as building information
modelling (BIM), etc.). The reporting unit posted operating profit of
15.2% of revenue, thus 1.0 percentage point higher than in 2016.

Financial Financial
(in millions of euros) year 2017 year 2016
Revenue 3,845.3 3,741.3
Staff costs -2,330.7 -2,257.3
External expenses and purchases -1,144.1 -1,118.0
Taxes and duties -37.4 -37.2
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment -15.8 -44.1
Other current operating income and expenses 12.5 16.5
Operating profit on business activity 329.8 301.1
as % of revenue 8.6% 8.0%
Expenses related to stock options and related items -21.2 -12.1
Amortisation of allocated intangible assets -21.8 -21.1
Profit from recurring operations 286.8 267.8
as % of revenue 7.5% 7.2%
Other operating income and expenses -25.1 -27.6
Operating profit 261.7 240.2
as % of revenue 6.8% 6.4%
Cost of net financial debt 6.8 -6.7
Other financial income and expenses -9.8 -7.6
Tax expense -73.5 -80.9
Net profit from associates 17 10.8
Net profit from continuing operations 173.3 155.8
Net profit from discontinued operations - -
Consolidated net profit 173.3 155.8
as % of revenue 4.5% 4.2%
Non-controlling interests. 1.8 5.4
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP 171.4 150.4
as % of revenue 4.5% 4.0%
EARNINGS PER SHARE (IN EUROS)
Basic earnings per share 8.48 7.50
Diluted earnings per share 8.45 7.49

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 25


--- Page 23 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

Revenue

Revenue increased from €3,741.3 million in 2016 to €3,845.4 million
in 2017, equating to total growth of 2.8%. That represents a rise of
€104.1 million, which breaks down as follows:
= a negative currency effect of €64.3 million, mainly due to sterling;
= an effect of changes in the scope of consolidation of €38.9 million;
= organic growth was €129.6 million or 3.5%.

Expenses included in Operating profit on business activity

The ratio of staff costs to revenue increased by 0.3 points (60.6%
in 2017 compared with 60.3% in 2016)

The rate of consultant downtime (number of days between contracts
excluding training, sickness, leave and pre-sales as a percentage of
total number of workable days) was 3.9% over 12 months in 2017
(unchanged compared to 2016).

Other operating expenses remained stable at 30.4% of revenue, with
operating costs again broadly under control across all departments
and countries.

Depreciation, amortisation and provisions decreased by €28.3 million
to €15.8 million in 2017 compared with €44.1 million in 2016.
Reversals of provisions cover operating expenses up to the amount
of €42.7 million. Over two-thirds of these reversals have been used.

Operating profit on business activity

The Group's operating profit on business activity grew by 9.5%
relative to 2016, to €329.8 million, a margin of 8.6% (compared to
8.0% in 2016).

Profit from recurring operations

Profit from recurring operations came to €286.8 million. That includes
a €21.2 million expense related to share-based payments (€12.1 million
in 2016) as a result of the extension during 2017 of the We Share

| BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE

employee share ownership plan and of the long-term incentive plan
for the Group’s main managers.

Operating profit

Operating profit was €261.7 million after €25.1 million in other net
operating expense (compared to net expense of €27.6 million in 2016),
which includes €23.0 million in reorganisation and restructuring
expenses.

Financial items

The cost of net financial debt remained stable at €6.8 million compared
with €6.7 million in 2016

Tax expense

Tax expense came to €73.5 million, versus €80.9 million in 2016,
representing a Group-wide tax rate of 30.0%.

Share of net profit from equity-accounted companies

Income from equity-accounted associates totalled €1.7 million
compared with €10.8 million in 2016. The consolidation of Axway
under the equity method represented €10.4 million in 2016 compared
with €1.4 million in 2017

Net profit

The net profit attributable to the Group was €171.4 million after
deducting €1.8 million in respect of minority interests, representing
an increase of 14.0% (€150.4 million in 2016).

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share came to €8.48 (compared with €7.50 the
previous year), representing an increase of 13.0%.

Assets (in millions of euros) 31/12/2017 31/12/2016
Goodwill 1,590.6 1,557.0
Intangible assets 190.2 199.6
Property, plant and equipment 128.9 120.7
Equity-accounted investments 189.1 202.3
Other non-current financial assets 28.6 22.8
Retirement benefits and similar obligations 43 41
Deferred tax assets 115.4 144.8
Non-current assets 2,247.1 2,251.3
Trade accounts receivable 1,137.8 1,132.7
Other current receivables 256.4 231.1
Cash and cash equivalents 162.4 265.4
Current assets 1,556.6 1,629.3
Assets held for sale = 44
TOTAL ASSETS 3,803.8 3,884.9

26 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017


--- Page 24 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

Liabilities and equity (in millions of euros) 31/12/2017 31/12/2016
Share capital 20.5 20.5
Share premium 531.5 531.4
Consolidated reserves and other reserves 484.7 368.2
Profit for the year 171.4 150.4
Equity attributable to the Group 1,208.2 1,070.6
Non-controlling interests 31.8 32.5
TOTAL EQUITY 1,240.0 1,103.1
Financial debt — non-current 398.9 402.6
Deferred tax liabilities 16.8 15.9
Retirement benefits and similar obligations 378.1 468.6
Non-current provisions 56.2 49.7
Other non-current liabilities 65.2 86.4
Non-current liabilities 915.3 1,023.3
Financial debt - current 273.6 368.8
Current provisions 16.6 66.7
Trade payables 268.8 285.9
Other current liabilities 1,089.6 1,037.1
Current liabilities 1,648.5 1,758.5
Liabilities held for sale = 0.1
TOTAL LIABILITIES 2,563.8 2,781.8
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 3,803.8 3,884.9

The change in goodwill was due to:

= goodwill arising on additions to the scope of consolidation in 2017
representing a total of €65.3 million (see breakdown by acquisition under
§8.1.1 “Statement of changes in goodwill” in Chapter 4, page 161);

= adjustment of net assets acquired for Cassiopae amounting to
€1.4 million;

= the change in goodwill in the amount of €33.1 million, including
€21.3 million in the United Kingdom as a result of changes in the
value of sterling

The main components of the change in equity are:

= profit for the year of €171.4 million;

= dividend payout of €44.5 million (€2.20 per share);

= corresponding adjustment to equity of expenses under IFRS 2 in
the amount of €17.5 million;

= actuarial gains and losses in the amount of €61.7 million, relating
mainly to the change in UK pension funds;

= translation differences relating to changes in exchange rates
representing a negative amount of €52.0 million;

= corresponding adjustment to equity of debt on the purchase of
treasury shares within the framework of the LTI plan representing
a negative amount of €9.0 million;

Sopra Steria’s financial position at 31 December 2017 was robust in

terms of both financial ratios and liquidity.

Net financial debt at 31 December 2017 was nearly stable compared

with its level a year earlier. It came to €510.1 million, or 1.44x pro

forma 2017 EBITDA, versus 1.47x at 31 December 2016 (with the

covenant stipulating a maximum level of 3x).

Ratings by financial ratings agencies
The Company is not rated by any financial rating agencies.

5.2.3 INVESTMENTS DURING THE YEAR

Acquisitions in 2017

During 2017, the Sopra Steria Group announced the following
acquisitions:

a. Cassiopae

On 28 April 2016, Sopra Banking Software acquired 75% of KSEOP,
the Cassiopae group’s parent company, and planned to acquire the
remaining shares by 2020.

On 27 January 2017, the various stakeholders finalised Sopra Banking
Software's acquisition of 25% of KSEOP’s share capital, which until
then had been held by its historic shareholders, confirming the strategic
interest of a tie-up between the two companies.

b. 2MoRO

On 31 July, Sopra Steria completed the acquisition of the French
company 2MoRO, a software vendor for the aerospace and defence
market (solutions for fleet tracking, navigability management, preventive
and curative maintenance management, etc.) having generated revenue
of €1 million in 2016.

c. Kentor

On 30 August 2017, Sopra Steria acquired 100% of the share capital
of Swedish firm Kentor, which until now had been wholly owned
by Norwegian group TeleComputing. This acquisition significantly
bolsters Sopra Steria’s position in Scandinavia and will boost future
growth in the region.

d. Galitt

On 7 November 2017, Sopra Steria acquired 88.1% of the shares and
voting rights in Tecfit, the holding company of Galitt, which until then
had been exclusively owned by its founder and long-term managers. A
subsequent acquisition of minority stakes by Sopra Steria is envisioned
for 2021 at the latest.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 27


--- Page 25 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

2017 key figures and consolidated financial statements

In addition, as announced by the Group on 28 July 2017, Sopra
Steria has become a shareholder of La FonciéreNumérique®, a digital
platform to better manage and leverage all data relating to digitised
property assets.

Facil

ies

A total of €44.5 million was invested in 2017 in infrastructure and
technical facilities, as against €36.8 million in 2016.

Investments in facilities comprised the following:

= land and buildings: €0.8million;

a fixtures and fittings: €22.1million;

a IT equipment: €21.6million.

5.2.4 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

a. Proposed acquisition

On 8 January 2018, Sopra Steria announced its plan to acquire 100%
of the share capital of BLUECARAT, a German firm providing strategic
IT Consulting, Agility, Cybersecurity and API Management, which
generated estimated revenue of €33 million in 2017.

b. Establishment of an employee share ownership plan

In a press release dated 20 March 2018, Sopra Steria Group announced
the launch of an offer to sell shares reserved for employees belonging
to an employee savings plan, named “We Share 2018" (“the Offer”).
The Offer is available to employees of the Group in Belgium, Denmark,
France, Germany, India, Italy, Luxembourg, Morocco, the Netherlands,
Norway, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland who are
eligible and belong to the Group Savings Plan (PEG) or the International
Group Savings Plan (PEGI).

With this Offer, Sopra Steria wishes to continue to associate its
employees more closely in the Group's development and performance.

28 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

The Offer of Sopra Steria shares to Group employees will be carried out
by selling existing treasury shares and/or shares bought back in advance
by Sopra Steria under a share buyback programme authorised by the
shareholders at the General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 June 2017
in accordance with Article L. 225-209 of the French Commercial Code.
It will also be carried out pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 3332-24
et seq. of the French Labour Code.

On 18 January 2018, the Board of Directors decided to proceed with
this Offer and delegated the powers necessary to implement it to the
Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with the decision of the Board of
Directors, the Offer will involve a maximum of 220,000 shares in the
Company, corresponding to 110,000 shares financed by employees and
110,000 free shares awarded as the employer's matching contribution

On 26 March 2018, the Chief Executive Officer, acting on the authority
of the Board of Directors, set the dates of the Offer period and the
purchase price.

The purchase price was set at €164.43, corresponding to the average
of weighted average prices of Sopra Steria shares on the Euronext
Paris market over the 20 trading days preceding the date of the Chief
Executive Officer's decision

The Offer Period was set from 27 March 2018 to 10 April 2018,
inclusive.

Settlement of the Offer will take place on 16 May 2018.

This operation was approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers
on 31 January 2018 under number FCE20180002.

5.2.5 OUTLOOK

The Group's targets for the 2018 financial year are:

= organic revenue growth of between 3% and 5%;

= a slight improvement in operating margin on business activity;

= free cash flow in excess of €170 million (€133million including 2017
sale of trade receivables).


--- Page 26 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

2017 parent company financial statements of Sopra Steria Group SA

2017 parent company financial statements
of Sopra Steria Group SA

Sopra Steria Group SA comprises all of the Group’s French consulting,
systems integration and property solutions development activities, as
well as all of its central services (Executive Management, operational
support functions and functional structures). It has systems integration
and solutions subsidiaries in Europe, software development subsidiaries
for banking (Sopra Banking Software) and human resources

6.1. Income statement

management (Sopra HR Software), infrastructure subsidiary Sopra Steria
Infrastructure & Security Services, and a 32.59% stake in global software
vendor Axway Software, the market leader in data flow governance.

The accounts are presented in detail in Chapter 5 of this Registration

Document (pages 197 to 225).

(in thousands of euros) 2017 2016
Net revenue 1,456,888 1,393,280
Other operating income 46,785 38,506
Operating income 1,503,673 1,431,786
Purchases consumed 472,440 443,390
Staff costs 875,136 839,900
Other operating expenses 684 797
Taxes and duties 37,544 37,311
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment 29,889 21,037
Operating expenses 1,415,693 1,342,435
Operating profit 87,980 89,351
Financial income and expenses 46,876 38,862
Pre-tax profit on ordinary activities 134,856 128,213
Exceptional income and expenses 7,152 19,743
Employee profit sharing and incentives -16,552 -9,302
Corporate income tax 16,314 3,368
NET PROFIT 141,770 142,022

Revenue totalled €1,456.9 million in 2017, compared with
€1,393.3 million in 2016.

Operating profit came in at €88.0 million in 2017, compared with an
operating loss of €89.4 million in 2016.

Financial income and expenses amounted to income of €46.9 million
in 2017, compared with €38.9 million in 2016.

Pre-tax profit on ordinary activities totalled €134.9 million in 2017,
compared with €128.2 million in 2016.

Exceptional income and expenses showed income of €7.2 million
in 2017, compared with €19.7 million in 2016.

Employee profit-sharing and incentive expenses went up from
€9.3 million in 2016 to €16.6 million in 2017, while income tax
expense rose from €3.4 million in 2016 to €16.3 million in 2017.
Net profit went from €142.0 million in 2016 to €141.8 million in 2017.
Research and development on Solutions represented an investment
of €11.8 million, mainly in the area of property management. These
costs are fully expensed.

In accordance with Article 39-4 of the French General Tax Code, the
accounts for the financial year ended include an expense of €445,035
in respect of non-tax-deductible expenditures.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 29


--- Page 27 ---

“ll INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
2017 parent company financial statements of Sopra Steria Group SA

6.2. Balance sheet

Assets (in thousands of euros) 2017 2016
Intangible assets 101,757 105,086
Property, plant and equipment 52,553 48,857
Financial investments 1,921,370 1,790,154
Non-current assets 2,075,680 1,944,097
Stock and work in progress 1,512 33
Trade accounts receivable 408,105 425,973
Other receivables, prepayments and accrued income 226,882 190,965
Cash 40,081 107,716
Current assets 676,580 724,687
Debt issuance costs 368 622
Translation adjustments — Asset 10,332 7,173
TOTAL ASSETS 2,762,960 2,676,579
Liabilities and equity (in thousands of euros) 2017 2016
Share capital 20,548 20,532
Share premium 531,477 531,381
Reserves 259,727 162,856
Profit for the year 141,770 142,022
Equity 953,522 856,791
Provisions 115,976 105,676
Financial debt 870,557 961,732
Trade accounts payable 114,152 119,303
Tax and social security payables 328,388 315,451
Other liabilities, accruals and deferred income 371,107 309,343
Liabilities 1,684,204 1,705,829
Translation adjustments — Liability 9,258 8,283
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 2,762,960 2,676,579

Equity increased from €856.8 million at the end of 2016 to

€953.5 million at the end of 2017.

Non-current assets totalled €2,075.7 million in 2017, compared
with €1,944.1 million in 2016. This includes financial investments
of €1,921.4 million in 2017, compared with €1,790.2 million
in 2016, intangible assets of €101.8 million in 2017, compared

30 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

with €105.1 million in 2016, and property, plant and equipment of
€52.6 million in 2017, compared with €48.9 million in 2016.
Application of the ANC regulation 2015-05 of 2 July 2015 on financial
futures and hedging transactions did not have a material impact on
the presentation of the financial statements.


--- Page 28 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =
2017 parent company financial statements of Sopra Steria Group SA

Pursuant to the provisions of Articles D. 441-1-1 and D. 441-1-2 of the French Commercial Code, trade accounts payable and receivable broke
down as follows:

Article D. 441-4 I, paragraph 1° of the French Commercial Code:
Invoices received, not yet paid and past due at the balance sheet date

0 days Total
(for guidance 1to 31 to 61 to 91 days (1 day
only) 30 days 60 days 90 days or more or more)

(A) Invoices paid late
Number of invoices concerned 0 14,941
Total amount of invoices concerned 0 10,024,935 1,083,224 732,032 incl 899,229 12,739,420
(in euros, incl. VAT) incl. VAT incl. VAT incl. VAT VAT incl. VAT incl. VAT
Percentage of total purchases for the year 0% 2% 0% 0% 0% 2%

Percentage of revenue for the year (excl. VAT)

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to disputed payables and receivables or not recorded in the accounts

Number of invoices excluded
Total amount of invoices excluded (in euros, incl. VAT)

(C) Payment terms used as reference (contractual deadline or legal deadline set forth in Article L. 441-6 or L. 443-1 of the French
Commercial Code)

= Contractual deadline: 0 to 45 days
Payment terms used to calculate late payments = Legal deadline: 45 days

Article D. 441-4 |, paragraph 2° of the French Commercial Code:
Invoices issued, not yet paid and past due at the balance sheet date

0 days Total
(for guidance 1to 31 to 61 to 91 days (1 day
only) 30 days 60 days 90 days or more or more)
(A) Invoices paid late
Number of invoices concerned 0 3,262
Total amount of invoices concerned 0 21,991,752 5,617,342 1,672,969 5,402,475 34,684,539
(in euros, incl. VAT) incl. VAT incl. VAT incl. VAT ind. VAT incl. VAT incl. VAT
Percentage of total purchases for the year
Percentage of revenue for the year (excl. VAT) 1% 0% 0% 0% 2%
(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to disputed payables and receivables or not recorded in the accounts
Number of invoices excluded 25 25
543,909 543,909
Total amount of invoices excluded (in euros, incl. VAT) incl. VAT 0 incl. VAT incl. VAT

(C) Payment terms used as reference (contractual deadline or legal deadline set forth in Article L. 441-6 or L. 443-1 of the French
Commercial Code)

= Contractual deadline: 45 days
Payment terms used to calculate late payments = Legal deadline: 45 days

6.3. Identity of shareholders

Sopra Steria Group's share ownership structure is described in Chapter 6, Section 2 (“Current ownership”) of this Registration Document
(page 229).

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 31


--- Page 29 ---

Ml INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA
Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2017

Simplified Group structure at 31 December 2017

sopra S steria

—

Sopra Bankin
Sopra HR Software — Software Holdings
(ane) (France)

(United Kingdom)
59

)

Sopra HR Software [Sema Banking Sopra Steria Polska
(United Kingdom) (Poland) (United Kingdom)
)

Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software > Software Belgium Beamap Benelux
(Germany) ‘Belgium (France) (Belgium)

g
pays

Sopra Banking Sopra Steria PSF
Sorat sonwere Software Netherlands Galit Luxembourg
i] Netherlands) (France) (uxembourg)

Sopra Banking NHS Shared
Sopra HR Software CIMPA Sopra Stefia
(Luxembourg) Senwae mane Rashes Senge (lutembourg)
Sopra Banking
Sopra HR Software > software Luxembourg MPA Shared Services Sopra Steria
(aly) (Luxembourg) (Germany) (United Kingdom) (Netherlands)
Sopra Banking Steria UK
Sopra HR Software > Software MPA Compras Stet reroup
‘Gwiverland) (Germany) (United Kingdom) (United Kingdom) Waly)
CIMPA PLM. Steria | 5
Sopra Steria
on (India) (Switzerland)
(China

i

Sopra HR Software fe Shion t
(United Kingdom) ‘Spain

Eo “
‘2MoRO"* Sopra Ster Sopra Steria
ont ma

Sopra Steria Wenhao ISS Software

Tecnais (Germany)

Sopra Banking

> Gabon “fos
(Gabor) i

Sopra Bankin
Sopra HR Software Le software Moroco
Tunisia) (Mor
Sopra Software
Sopra HR Software be Cameroun

(Morocco) (Cameroon)

duu

Sopra Banking
> Gtedivoi
(Cate d'ivoire

i

Sopra Steria
(Norway)
Delta Development
> Systems Sopra Steria
(Algeria) (Denmark)

Sopra Banking
Le Software Singapore
{Singapore

ra Steria
sweden)
Bejing Sopra Scence
and Technology Kentor****
(China) (Sweden + Russia)

> assiopae*

_~ |

SOPRA BANKING
‘SOFTWARE

Note: Companies are clrectly or inlvecty held at more than 95%, unless otherwise indicated,

(©) Cassiopoe is made up of the holding company KSEOP Holding and its subsidiaries (France, UK, Germany, USA, Brazil India and Tunisia) held during financial year 2018.
It should also be noted that there is a branch in South Korea.

(9) Galt is made up of a holding company (Tecit) and an operational company.

(79) 2MoRO is made up of a holding company and two operational companies France and Canada)

(°°) Kentoris made up of two Swedish companies and one Russian service centre.

—o BRANCH

32 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017


--- Page 30 ---

8. Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance consists of a Board of Directors,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officers.

The organisation is supported by a permanent operational and

functional structure as well as temporary structures for the management

of particular deals and projects.

Sopra GMT, the holding company that takes an active role in managing

the Group, takes part in conducting Group operations through:

mits presence on the Board of Directors and the three Board
committees;

= a tripartite assistance agreement entered into with Sopra Steria and
Axway, concerning services relating to strategic decision-making,
coordination of general policy between Sopra Steria and Axway,
and the development of synergies between these two companies,
as well as consulting and assistance services particularly with respect
to finance and control.

8.1.

The Group’s permanent structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

Permanent structure

8.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

AND THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive Officer
and the Deputy CEOs.
Members of Executive Management as at 31 December 2017:
= Vincent Paris, Chief Executive Officer of the Sopra Steria Group;
= John Torrie, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Sopra Steria Group
and Chief Executive Officer of Sopra Steria UK;
= Laurent Giovachini, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Sopra
Steria Group.
The Executive Committee (ExCom) consists of Executive Management
and the heads of the main operating and functional entities.
The members of Sopra Steria Group's Executive Committee supervise
the Group’s organisation, management system, major contracts and
support functions and entities and take part in the Group’s strategic
planning and implementation

8.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. Their scope corresponds to

one of the following:

= a specific line of business (consulting and systems integration,
industry-specific solutions, infrastructure management, cybersecurity,
business process services);

= geographic area (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,

comprising in particular the Director and management of tier 3 entities.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Group organisation

8.1.3. TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two criteria:
= vertical market;

= geographic area (region).

8.1.4. TIER 4: BRANCHES

Each division is made up of branches, which are the organisation’s
primary building blocks. They operate as profit centres and enjoy
genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for their human resources,
budget and profit and loss account. Management meetings focusing on
sales and marketing strategy and human resources are held weekly, and
the operating accounts and budget are reviewed on a monthly basis.
The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group
Executive Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Branches

8.1.5. OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational support
entities responsible for managing major transformations:

m the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department, responsible for
promoting the Key Accounts policy and developing relations with
partners. The role of this department is to coordinate the commercial
and production approaches for our major clients, particularly when
different entities are involved;

= the Digital Transformation Office (DTO), responsible for designing
and managing the digital transformation of the Group. It also
manages the Group’s innovation approach;

= the Industrial Department, responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on X-Shore platforms. It
also checks that projects are properly executed

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 33


--- Page 31 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Group organisation

8.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES

The functional departments are the Human Resources Department,
the Communications and Marketing Department and the Corporate
Responsibility and Sustainable Development Department; Corporate
Governance & Risk Management Department, the Finance Department,
the Legal Department, the Real Estate & Purchasing Department and
the Information Systems Department.

These centralised functions ensure Group-wide consistency. Functional
managers transmit and ensure commitment to the Group's core
values, serve the operational entities and report directly to Executive
Management.

The Group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.) and
monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner, they
contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational entities
to focus on business operations.

8.1.7. A SOLID, EFFICIENT INDUSTRIAL ORGANISATION

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing and
becoming globalised. The Group has an increasingly wide range of skills
to support multi-site projects that generate strong gains in productivity
with delivery models that guarantee clients an optimal cost structure.

Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported
by five levers:

= production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

= choice of personnel: human resources are central to the approach,
providing training, support and improved skills for each employee;

34 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

= organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

= equipment: the Quality System, the eMedia method, the Continuous
Delivery Kit (CDK) and associated software tools;

= global delivery model: rationalising production by pooling resources
and expertise within service centres, with services located based on
the needs of each client (local services in France, nearshore in Spain,
North Africa and Poland, and offshore in India)

8.2. Temporary structures for specific
deals and projects

The Group’s organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt to
changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of projects.

These are handled by temporary teams
= within the entities;

= under the authority of a pilot entity, established to leverage synergies
across several entities.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet fundamental
objectives: client service, business success, and contribution to the
overall growth of the Group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise, geographic
area covered) large-scale projects can be managed at the branch,
division, subsidiary/country or Executive Management level. Certain
large projects requiring the resources of several branches may involve
the creation of a division.


--- Page 32 ---

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =
Risk management and control

EY Risk management and control

The Group performs its activities in a constantly changing environment. It is therefore exposed to risks the occurrence of which may have
a negative impact on its business activities, results, financial position, image and outlook. This chapter sets out the main risks to which the
Sopra Steria Group is deemed to be exposed.

Sopra Steria cannot provide an absolute guarantee that its objectives will be achieved and all risks will be eliminated. Its risk control
procedures aim to identify and qualify the risks to which it is exposed, as well as to reduce their likelihood of occurring and their potential
impact on the Group. Investors are reminded that the list of risks presented below is not exhaustive and that other risks, not known or
not considered likely to occur, on the date when this Registration Document was drawn up, may have an adverse effect on the Group, its

business, financial condition, performance or share price.

9.1. Risk factors

Strategic and operating risks

Environmental risks

Legal risks Financial risks

Main risks m Risks relating to attracting
and retaining talent

a Risks relating to changes in markets,
technologies, competition — Digital
transformation risks

= Project execution risks

a Risks relating to continuity of service

a Risks relating to systems security
and data protection

a Risks of client dependence

a Risks relating to international
expansion

= Supplier risks

Other risks

Environmental risks

Foreign exchange risk

Compliance risks Risks relating to pension
Tax risk schemes and associated
Intellectual property risks liabilities
Litigation, government, legal or Liquidity risk
arbitration proceedings Interest rate risk

Bank counterparty risk

Equity risk

Anew mapping exercise focused on the principal risks was carried out
within the Group in 2017. It was led by the Corporate Governance
& Risk Management Department together with Executive Committee
members. This risk mapping concerns all internal and external risks, as
well as financial and extra-financial risks. The process helps to identify
the principal risks facing the Group and Group entities as part of a
consolidated overview. A principal risk is a risk deemed to have a
negative impact on the Group’s ability to achieve its objectives, on its
performance and on its image. The assessment of risks allows for each
risk to be positioned on a matrix according to two criteria: probability
of occurrence and level of impact if it occurs. The risk mapping was
also presented to the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee at the same
time as the Group insurance programme.

Details of the principal risks and the procedures in place to control
these risks are provided below. The Group’s risk management and
control policy, governance and associated management procedures
are described in Section 9.3, “Internal control and risk management”

9.1.1. RISKS RELATING TO STRATEGY

9.1.1.1. Risks relating to attracting and retaining talent

Risk description

In view of the Group’s ambitions in terms of expansion and growth,
as well as the scarcity of certain IT skills and expertise, there may be a
risk of facing difficulties in recruiting staff. Furthermore, in light of the
transformation of our clients’ businesses, developments in digitisation
and artificial intelligence, particular attention will need to be paid to
training and adapting employees’ skills to new roles. Difficulties in
recruiting staff, increased employee turnover, the inability to train
Group employees in client needs and new activities relating to the
digital revolution may make it difficult to deliver the Group's strategy
and to fulfil its ambitious recruitment targets to support its growth

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 35


--- Page 33 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

Risk control procedures

Attracting and retaining talent represents one of the Group’s major
priorities. In order to respond to the challenges faced by the Group,
various human resources procedures have been reinforced, including
recruitment, strengthening relations with schools, the international
mobility programme, changes to the training offering, an enhanced
integration policy, a programme for identifying and supporting talent,
as well as a programme to develop new skills.

In 2017, the Group hired 9,500 employees, 42% of whom were
under 26. The recruitment policy deliberately places the priority on
hiring young graduates from engineering schools, business schools
and universities. As regards the recruitment of experienced candidates,
the Group encourages employee mobility and internal transfers before
undertaking any external recruitment.

To keep up with the rapidly evolving digital sector, the growing pace
of digitisation and the transformation of our business activities and
those of our clients, Sopra Steria has also developed new training
programmes via the Sopra Steria Academy. Training pathways are
designed to reflect and integrate the changes observed or anticipated,
in particular end-to-end approaches and the need to work as a multi-
disciplinary and multi-business line team.

An ambitious plan of close to 16,000 days training was rolled out to
enrich the offering of emerging digital technologies and methods.
Various themes have been integrated and implemented, such as new
working methods including shorter and collaborative development
cycles, security and digital learning.

The Group has also introduced new training programmes (New Skill)
to allow employees to acquire new skills on a constant and regular
basis. The aim of these training programmes is to guide employees’
career development and to underpin the Group's support for and
development of new skills, which is vital in a fast-moving environment
experiencing tremendous change.

Among other things, the organisational structure has been reinforced
with Digital & Innovation Champions in order to identify, develop and
unify experts around the topics of the future. Particular attention is paid
to the local management team in charge of passing on the Group’s
messages, accompanying change and implementing all of the actions
relating to these major priorities.

Lastly, a number of actions involving the Human Resources Department,
the Communications and Marketing Department as well as operating

9.1.2. OPERATING RISK

9.1.2.1. Project execution risks

staff and managers in relation to the employer brand are in place in
order to reinforce communications.

All of the aforementioned HR programmes are described in the section
on responsible employment practices — Chapter 3 of this Document
(pages 81 to 91).

9.1.1.2. Risks relating to changes in markets and
competition — digital transformation risks

Risk description

The business activities of the Group’s clients are changing as a result
of digitisation and the emergence of new rivals. Clients are seeking to
become more agile, and to do so they are reinventing their business
models, organisational structures and resources. As with any market
developments and any strategic threat, there is a risk that the Group
might not have the services, skills, resources and organisational
structure to be able to address these new challenges. Like any strategic
risk, this would have an effect in the medium term on the company’s
performance and image. If the Group is unable to understand, satisfy
and anticipate clients’ needs, an unsuitable market positioning and/
or difficulties in implementing its strategy could potentially impact
its performance. Furthermore, the consulting and IT services industry
remains highly competitive, with major operators both from France
and abroad.

Risk control procedures

Risk control depends on both devising a strategy and its effective
implementation. Each year, the Group performs a full strategic exercise
covering all markets and sectors in which it operates. This review is
performed with all activities and regions, using external studies and
surveys as well as internal feedback from various parties, in particular
all those in contact with clients. Following this exercise, a number of
decisions are made. The implementation of actions and priorities is
guided and monitored on a regular basis by the Chairman and the
Group’s Executive Committee.

To track advances in technology as pro-actively as possible, an
organisation structure was built around Chief Technology Officers
(CTOs), Digital Champions and experts within the Group and within
the various vertical sectors. The goal is to plan ahead as effectively
as possible for developments driven by new technology and the
transformation of client industries.

The breakdown of revenue according to the nature of contracts is summarised in the table below:

(% of revenue) 2017 2016 2015
Licences 2.6% 2.2% 1.9%
Fixed-price projects 19.3% 17.1% 17.5%
Fixed-price services 45.1% 48.1% 51.2%
Time and materials (including consulting services) 33.0% 32.6% 29.4%
TOTAL 100% 100% 100%

36 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017


--- Page 34 ---

Risk description

It is critical for the Group to be able to meet client demands and
deliver consistent quality.

Depending on the contractual commitments entered into, any
failure to provide the services specified in the contracts, or any
provision of sub-standard services, may result in a risk for the
Group (penalties, client complaints, claims for damages, additional
cost, non-payment, early termination of the contracts, reputational
risk). In the current environment, clients’ demands are becoming
increasingly complex. Unlike time-and-materials contracts, fixed-price
contracts are characterised by commitments regarding price, result
and lead times: they may be fixed-price projects such as systems
integration and/or software development, or fixed-price services
such as maintenance contracts, third-party application maintenance,
infrastructure management or Business Process Services (BPS). Fixed-
price service contracts are often multiannual agreements with regular
management and follow-up. For fixed-price projects and fixed-price
services, a poor assessment of the scale of the work to be done, an
underestimate of the cost of providing the service or an incorrect
estimate of the technical solutions to be implemented can lead to
estimated costs being exceeded or contractual deadlines not being
met. This delay can, in itself, result in late delivery penalties and/or
budget overruns, potentially impacting project margins.

Risk control frameworks

Carrying out projects is central to what Sopra Steria does. In order to
ensure the quality of management and execution of client projects, the
Group has developed a series of methods, processes and controls via its
quality control system. The choice of Project Directors and Director of
Monitoring responds to specific requirements and criteria according to
the level of risk and project complexity. Particular attention is paid on
making any appointments. Project managers receive specific training

In addition to project and line management, Industrial Managers under
the authority of division/subsidiary managers and reporting functionally
to the Group Industrial Department are responsible for monitoring
the Quality System and all projects. Structural audits are performed
so as to verify the application and effectiveness of the Quality System
among the Sopra Steria staff members concerned (management, sales,
operational quality unit). Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at
key phases in their life cycle. Organised by the Industrial Department,
or by the quality structure’s local representatives, these reviews provide
an external perspective on the status and organisation of projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established during
management reviews and the determination of the appropriate action
plans to continuously improve production performance and the quality
of Sopra Steria products and services. The implementation of actions
agreed during steering committees, audits and reviews is checked by
the Industrial Department.

The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or a
portion of its operations, depending on market expectations. This policy
relates to the following standards or frameworks: ISO 9001, TickIT
Plus, ISO 27001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001, ISO 20000, CMMI and TMMi

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure
that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate and effective. This
review is based in particular upon an analysis of project reviews and
internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group as well
as upon annual balance sheets produced by divisions or subsidiaries.
During this review, the adequacy of the quality policy is evaluated,
the annual quality objectives are defined and possible improvements
and changes in the Quality System are considered.

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Risk management and control

9.1.2.2. Risks relating to continuity of service

Risk description

The reliability of IT and communications infrastructures is an issue
of growing importance to production. In view of its business model
integrating service centres, national and worldwide shared datacentres
in nearshore and offshore countries, the Group is potentially dependent
on its remote production centres and telecommunications networks
functioning correctly. Any claims, failures or shutdowns at the level
of these centres could have an impact on both internal systems and
client systems, resulting in a potential risk of non-compliance in the
execution of contractual services, and consequently potential demands
for damages and interest and/or loss of income.

It should be noted that a proportion of the Group’s production
activities are located in India. India still shows various characteristics
that may constitute risk factors (including political, economic and
social unrest, wage inflation, natural disasters and pandemics). The
Group has service centres in Tunisia, Poland and India.

Risk control frameworks

The continuity and security of our clients’ services is one of the key
criteria in the policy and decision to set up the Group's production
sites. Once the decision has been made, strict prevention and security
procedures covering physical security, IT systems security, power cuts,
flooding, regulation of temperature change, data storage and backups
apply to IT production sites, service centres, offshore development
and datacentres. The Group has a Group business continuity strategy
and policy that defines a nominal level of service and a principle of
redundancy for all critical elements, relying in particular on multi-site
replications. All elements are made redundant on site and remotely.
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans are in place and
monitored on a general basis or by site. Contracts with our suppliers
are reviewed according to their nature by the Information Systems
Department or the General Resources Department, taking account
of the same security and service level requirements. In the case of
outsourcing or subcontracting, the same level of service is demanded
of our suppliers.

The Group has four production facilities in India. These sites are located
far apart and in three different regions, considerably limiting the
consequences of incidents or risks that might arise in a specific region.
In addition, at the Group level, using a large number of production
facilities and having a variety of onshore, nearshore and offshore
services makes it possible to have backup solutions.

9.1.2.3. Risks relating to systems security

Risk description

A cyberattack on the Group's systems by hackers, a security flaw in
the Group's systems and/or our clients’ systems could result in loss
of information, and depending on the matter concerned, the loss of
confidential information particularly in sensitive activities, payment
activities and/or payroll activities. Situations such as this could result
in a risk of damages and interest and/or sanctions. In view of the
Group's activities, a major security breach could potentially result in
a risk to the Group’s image and raise doubts about the trust placed
in us by our clients.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 37


--- Page 35 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

Risk control frameworks
Security and the protection of client data are key issues for the Group.

To avoid security incidents that could impact the Group's information
systems, cut response times and implement the necessary actions
particularly in the event of an attack, the Group has a security policy
and solid organisational structure supported by the Information Systems
Security Managers (ISSM) within the various entities. This organisational
structure with its local network, meeting different countries’ regulatory
requirements and client demands as closely as possible, allows for in-
depth knowledge of areas of risk and our clients’ business demands.
This organisation is coordinated cross-functionally and overseen at
Group level. Regular meetings and reporting are arranged. Policies and
procedures are in place to reinforce the entire system. Everything is
controlled and audited on a regular basis. All of the Group's activities
and regions have 27001 certification.

The Group capitalises in particular on specific security-related skills
and services developed its own centre of cybersecurity expertise and
offered to its clients. The Security Operation Centre (SOC) in Toulouse
offers threat investigation, monitoring and handling services. As a
result, investigations, regular tests and automatic interventions can
be carried out in the event of a threat, as well as early intervention
and/or crisis management.

9.1.2.4. Risk of client dependence

Risk description

The Group serves a large number of clients in different market sectors
and different regions. The majority of clients are key accounts,
large international groups and public bodies. The risk of excessive
concentration and dependency nevertheless remains a potential risk
that is monitored on a regular basis, particularly in view of the rapidly
evolving markets, and any consolidation within the various sectors.

In 2017, the Group’s top client accounted for 6.7% of revenue; the
top five clients represented 20.8% and the top ten contributed 32.2%.

Main clients include:

= in France: Airbus Group, Banque Postale, BNP Paribas, CNAM, Crédit
Agricole, EDF, Orange, Société Générale, SNCF;

a in the United Kingdom: Ministry of Justice, Home Office, Ministry
of Defence and National Health Service.

Risk control procedures

The fact that the Group operates in a number of sectors, various
markets and different regions limits the risk of dependency on a
specific sector and/or market. The Group has a clear policy of having
a multi-client and multi-sector portfolio, in particular to avoid any
uncontrolled concentration risk. The Group's Key accounts strategy
is reviewed each year in accordance with country, business line and
sector-specific strategic reviews in order to adapt this strategy to
market developments. This is the object of a dedicated exercise with
all concerned parties. A regular review at monthly steering committee
meetings is also organised within the Group in these areas.

38 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

9.1.2.5. Supplier risks

Risk description

Both integration projects and managed services and business process
services (BPS) contracts involve an increasingly high level of complexity
and require working with many partners (such as developers,
manufacturers, consultants or IT services companies), thus creating
a certain dependence by Sopra Steria Group on some suppliers.
Although there are alternative solutions for most software, hardware
and networks and although the Group has regular monitoring of
partners with whom it works, some projects could be affected by a
risk of potential failure of its suppliers.

Risk control procedures

The Group has implemented a responsible purchasing policy based
in particular on a diverse range of suppliers and regular monitoring
of the Group's partners and suppliers. Agreements are signed with
strategic partners as well as master agreements and contracts with
the Group’s main suppliers. The strategic partnerships and master
agreements are managed across the Group as a whole on a centralised
basis by the Key Accounts and Partners Department, along with the
Real Estate and Purchasing Department and the Information Systems
Department. Key suppliers are selected on the basis of multiple reviews
and criteria, including a certain number of criteria concerning ethics,
compliance, sustainable development and protecting the environment,
in order to implement the Group's responsible procurement policy.
Section 3.6 of this Registration Document specifies the procurement
processes in place.

9.1.2.6. Risks relating to international expansion
and risks relating to conducting business
in different countries

Risk description

Sopra Steria Group has locations in a number of different countries.
Even though it operates in what are generally considered stable
countries, the Group may be exposed to political and economic risks.
Furthermore, in addition to geopolitical risks, in a difficult economic
climate or new political climate, some governments may be tempted
to adopt new regulations, taxes and duties. Furthermore, the desire
for the Sopra Steria Group to expand outside France and carry out
further acquisitions requires — in addition to mapping of the various
country risks — knowledge of international regulations and certain
control of operations. Any compliance risk and/or risk of non-control of
international operations could have an impact in terms of performance
and image.

Risks relating to Brexit

Major uncertainties remain concerning the terms of the United
Kingdom’s departure from the European Union. Against this backdrop,
the effects remain uncertain. Brexit could have an unfavourable impact
on the economy and market conditions, as well as an impact in terms
of instability on the financial markets and international forex markets.
In addition, Brexit may result in legal uncertainties and have associated
effects such as certain decisions being delayed while awaiting greater
visibility. Each of these effects, as well as others that are not yet known
and cannot be anticipated, could have an unfavourable impact on
the Group’s activities, performance and financial position. It should
be noted that although the Group may appear to be exposed to the


--- Page 36 ---

increased volatility of euro and sterling exchange rates, which could
have an impact in the consolidated financial statements of transactions
carried out in the United Kingdom, the Group’s exposure to foreign
exchange transaction risk seems limited insofar as its activities are
conducted primarily by subsidiaries that operate in their own country
and their own currency. It should also be noted that in spite of this
context, business opportunities remain available.

Risk control procedures

Export activity remains marginal within Sopra Steria and relates primarily
to Software activities, in particular the sale of licences and associated
services. In order to better control its international expansion and
activities in countries in which the Group does not have a subsidiary,
specific rules and procedures are in place in order to organise the
necessary prior validations and checks, as well as an organisational
structure for monitoring and controlling operations of this kind,
whether on a local level or at Group level.

Sopra Steria’s management in the United Kingdom, as well as the
Group’s Executive Committee, are keeping a close eye on any political
decisions made in relation to Brexit by the United Kingdom or the
European Union in these areas to take any requisite measures to
reduce risk.

9.1.3. ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Risk description

During the annual mapping of the Group’s major risks, no risk
of environmental damage was reported as being likely to have a
material impact on the Group’s ability to meet its targets. The risks
of environmental damage resulting from the Group's activities
remain limited, since the Group is a digital technology company and
its activities are thus intangible. However, in mapping these risks of
environmental damage, the following potential risks were analysed and
identified as part of the Group’s environmental programme, described
in Section 5, “Environmental responsibility” of Chapter 3, “Corporate
responsibility” of this document (pages 101 to 112): COz emissions
arising from employee business travel, energy and emissions arising
from the use of the Group's own offices and datacentres and those
managed by our partners in connection with our activities, and control
of electronic waste managed by the Group’s partners. These risks are
monitored and managed at Group level, and particular attention is
paid to relationships with and purchases from third parties under the
responsible purchasing policy.

The Group also remains very attentive to potential environmental risks
to its business. These “transition risks” and physical risks are identified in
Section 5.2.1 of Chapter 3, “Corporate responsibility” of this document
(pages 102 to 103). Transition risks (such as a significant increase in
fuel duties and more stringent non-financial reporting requirements)
and physical risks (such as severe flooding, pollution related to climate
change, and earthquakes) are also managed at Group level. Since
most of the Group’s companies operate in Europe, the relevant EU
directives apply, including those concerning emissions reduction,
waste management and energy efficiency in buildings. Compliance
with these different regulations is therefore an important issue for
the Group, particularly since non-compliance could put the Group's
reputation at risk.

Risk control procedures

Managing environmental risk is one of the key aspects of the Group's
corporate responsibility. In this regard, within the framework of its
purchasing policy, the Group imposes undertakings required of its
partners — particularly at the level of selecting its suppliers — in order

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Risk management and control

to satisfy requirements at a higher level in terms of protecting the
environment and responsible purchasing.

The most significant physical environmental risks for Sopra Steria relate
to the risk of heavy flooding or pollution relating to the increase in
temperatures. These risks are managed under the Group’s business
continuity and recovery plans and procedures.

The Group's policy in terms of protecting the environment and
preventing climate change is described in Section 5 of Chapter 3,
“Corporate responsibility”, on pages 101 to 112 of this document.
The Group takes action in particular with respect to prevention.

9.1.4. FINANCIAL RISKS

Within the Group's Finance Department, the Financing and Treasury
Department offers and oversees the application of regulations
concerning management of liquidity risk, market risk (forex, interest
rates and equities) and associated counterparty risks. These risks are
managed on a centralised basis at the level of the Sopra Steria Group
parent company and financing, investment, identification and risk
hedging strategies are reviewed regularly by the Group’s Finance
Department.

The Group's policy is not to engage in speculative trading on the
financial markets.

Financial risk factors are detailed in Note 11.5 to the consolidated
financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document (pages 174 to 181).

9.1.4.1. Liquidity risk

At 31 December 2017, the Group had total financing of €1.5 billion.
The bank facilities renegotiated in 2016 have been extended until 2022
(with another possible extension to 2023). The Group has diversified
its borrowings by taking out a bilateral bank loan in April 2017 and
launching a €300 million NEU MTN programme in December 2017 in
addition to the €700 million NEU CP programme. Detailed information
about credit facilities and their use is provided in Note 11.5.1 to the
consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document
(pages 174 to 177).

As the majority of the Group's financing is carried by Sopra Steria
Group, the implementation of financial policy is largely centralised.

9.1.4.2. Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk concerns the Group's debts and financial investments
and the financial terms (fixed/floating rate).

The Group may be impacted in the event of unfavourable variations
in interest rates. The impact would concern financing costs, interest
paid on investments and the Group’s future financial flows.

As part of its financing policy, the Group uses financing either at fixed
rates or at floating rates.

The Group’s aim is to protect itself against interest rate fluctuations
by hedging a large part of its floating-rate debt. To do this, the Group
uses different derivative instruments available on the market, restricting
itself to vanilla products (interest rate swaps, caps, collars etc.). As
regards financial investments, the Group favours security over returns,
opting in particular for investment terms of less than three months.

For more information, see Note 11.5.3 to the consolidated financial
statements in Chapter 4 of this document (pages 177 to 179).

9.1.4.3. Foreign exchange risk

Foreign exchange risk is defined as the impact on the Group's financial
indicators of fluctuations in exchange rates relating to its business
activities. The Group is exposed to transactional foreign exchange risk
as well as translation foreign exchange risk.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 39


--- Page 37 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

Transactional foreign exchange risk affects the Group when balance
sheet items — mainly cash, trade receivables, operating receivables and
financial debt — are denominated in foreign currencies. The Group
is then exposed to a potential risk of fluctuation in exchange rates
between the accounting date and the settlement date.

Translation foreign exchange risk arises from subsidiaries’ investments
and assets in foreign currencies when they are converted into euros
during the consolidation process.

The Group Finance Department provides hedging for such risks via
futures or options entered into either on organised markets or over the
counter with top-tier counterparties that are members of the banking
syndicate. Management of foreign exchange risk is centralised with
the main entities (outside India).

For more information, see Note 11.5.4 to the consolidated financial
statements in Chapter 4 of this document (pages 179 to 181).

9.1.4.4. Bank counterparty risk
Within the framework of its financial investments and market risk

hedging transactions (interest rate and foreign exchange risk), the
Group is exposed to a bank counterparty risk.

All foreign currency and interest rate hedges are put in place with
leading banks belonging to the Group's banking syndicate, with which
market transaction agreements have been signed.

The Group favours short-term investments with banks that form part
of its banking syndicate. These investments are subject to approval by
the Group, and comply with internally defined principles of prudence.

For more information, see Note 11.5.2 to the consolidated financial
statements in Chapter 4 of this document (page 177).

9.1.4.5. Client risk

A large proportion of the Group’s revenue is generated by business
with public authorities and European government entities. A very small
proportion of revenue is generated by business with clients residing
outside the OECD, and the largest proportion of revenue is generated
by key accounts, in accordance with the Group’s business strategy.

These factors help to reduce the Group's credit risk profile. Solvency
risk takes into account factors that are exclusively internal to the Group
as well as contextual factors such as geographical location, overall
economic situation and segment growth forecasts.

Thanks to these various measures, the Group considers that it has
introduced a mechanism that significantly reduces its counterparty
risk in the current economic context. However, the Group remains
subject to a residual risk which may affect its performance under
certain conditions.

9.1.4.6. Equity risk

The Group does not hold any investments in equities or any equity
interests in listed companies other than Axway Software shares, which
are accounted for using the equity method (see Note 11.5.5 to the
consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document,
page 181) and which represented €189.1 million at 31 December 2017,
and the shares in CS Communication et Systemes, which represented
€12.8 million at 31 December 2017

These equity investments are made for strategic rather than financial
reasons. Given the limited number of treasury shares it holds, these

40 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

shares do not represent a significant risk factor for the Group.
Furthermore, since the value of treasury shares is deducted from
equity, changes in the share price have no impact on the consolidated
income statement.

9.1.4.7. Risks associated with retirement benefit obligations
(pension funds) and associated liabilities

Sopra Steria Group provides its employees with retirement benefits in
several countries. Such benefits are provided by associated pension
funds or directly by the Group. The pension plans are either defined
benefit plans (where the individual is guaranteed a certain percentage
of his or her salary as a benefit) or defined contribution plans (where
the benefit is determined based on the investment returns achieved
over the contribution period). It should be noted that since 2010,
defined-benefit plans in the United Kingdom have been replaced by
defined contribution plans, though benefits vested prior to this decision
remain in effect. The defined benefit plans are exceptionally maintained
in connection with a few public- sector outsourcing projects, to comply
with the legislation and commitments made to clients.

Within the framework of commitments made, the employer is obliged
to cover any difference (deficit) between the value of the fund assets
and the pension obligations to be paid. It should be noted that
both pension fund assets and liabilities can be impacted by changes
in long-term interest rates, life expectancy and more generally any
changes in the financial markets, as well as any changes in macro-
economic parameters. These parameters, which are external to the
company, can have a non-neutral impact on the valuation of both
assets and liabilities.

In the United Kingdom (56% of the Group’s pension liabilities), assets
are managed by fund trustees and invested in different asset classes
(including shares) subject to the risk of fluctuations in financial markets.

In 2017, as part of its three-yearly negotiations, Sopra Steria Group
reached an agreement with the trustees in the United Kingdom for
additional future UK pension fund contributions aimed at absorbing
deficits over a period of 1 to 13 years depending on the plan. These
additional contributions on which the parties have reached an
agreement are in line with the amounts paid over the last three years,
plus annual rates of inflation.

The Company keeps itself informed of the strategy for investing funds
and the asset and liabilities management approach decided on by
the trustees, which include its representatives, and shares the aim of
reducing volatility and exposure to interest rate and inflation risks.
Any economic impact of these variations must be assessed over the
medium and long term, according to the duration of the obligations.
Deficits resulting from such variations in assets and/or liabilities do not
necessarily change in the same direction. Changes in regulations or
accounting standards may cause an increase in obligations and have
a negative impact on the Group’s financial statements.

It should be noted that the legal proceedings that had previously been
initiated by the Steria Pension Plan Trustees before the High Court of
Justice to confirm the validity and date of effect of an amendment
agreed in 2006, for which Sopra Steria Limited acted as principal
employer, are currently being settled.

Note 5.3 to the consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4 of this
document (pages 145 to 151) gives a breakdown of the assets and
obligations of defined benefit pension plans.


--- Page 38 ---

9.1.5. LEGAL RISKS

9.1.5.1. Compliance risk

Risk description

The Group's business is an unregulated activity, and therefore requires
no special legal, administrative or regulatory authorisation. Some
services, such as managed services or systems integration provided to
clients whose business activity is subject to special regulations (such
as the finance sector) may lead the Group to have to adhere to the
contractual obligations linked to these regulations. Moreover, the Group
is a multinational company that operates in many countries, subject
to various constantly changing laws and regulations. The Group also
recruits heavily each year. Ethics and integrity are core values of the
Sopra Steria Group. Like any international group with a large number
of employees across many different countries, Sopra Steria could be
exposed to legal risks in the event of violation or misconduct by its
employees or third parties with which the Group works. Breaches
of this kind may expose the Group or its employees to criminal or
administrative sanctions, and could potentially raise doubts about its
responsibility depending on the situation and damage its reputation

Risk control procedures

Building on the Code of Ethics and its values of transparency and
integrity, Executive Management wanted to reintroduce across the
Group after the merger the Group-wide rules and procedures applicable
to all employees in order to provide a common basis for all processes.
These general rules are then implemented as specific procedures
for each of the Group’s various regions and adapted to regulatory
constraints and the local culture. A Department spanning compliance,
internal control and risk management was created in 2017 to coordinate
management of these areas. The Group Compliance Officer is supported
by compliance officers within the Group's various regions coordinating
and acting as a point of contact for local teams. In addition to these
new rules and the organisational structure introduced, the Group's
Chairman and Executive Management wanted to supplement the
compliance programme launched in 2017 with an anti-corruption
and influence peddling code of conduct, dedicated awareness-raising
and training sessions, a warning system and tighter control and audit
procedures. This prevention and compliance programme, as well as
the dedicated unit, are described in Section 4 of Chapter 3, “Corporate
responsibility”, on pages 99 to 101 of this document.

9.1.5.2. Tax risk

The tax rules in the various countries in which the Group operates are
continually evolving. The Group cannot guarantee that the existing
tax arrangements, including those granting eligibility for tax credits,
will continue to apply. Furthermore, the Group cannot guarantee
that the current interpretations of existing tax arrangements will not
be challenged, potentially with adverse consequences for its financial
position or results. The Group is subject to the usual tax audits. In
particular, it has received notices of reassessments and demands
from the tax authorities in France and India, which it has formally
challenged. At 31 December 2017, the associated disputes were under
investigation by the tax authorities or courts.

9.1.5.3. Intellectual property

To protect its intellectual property, the Group relies on a combination
of contracts, copyrights, trademarks, patents and confidentiality and
trade secrecy obligations. In addition, due to their complexity, the

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Risk management and control

technological fields covered by the Group involve an increasing number
of issues linked to intellectual property, special attention is given to
specific contractual clauses related to intellectual property, in particular
during integration of third-party software, use of software company
licences in connection with integration projects or infrastructure
management services and/or for any issues regarding reuse of software
modules in connection with integration projects. Operational staff
regularly receive training on protecting intellectual property.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries have protected the main trademarks
used in each country concerned. The brand portfolio is managed by the
Legal Department in collaboration with an intellectual property advisor.

Sopra Steria and its subsidiaries own exclusive intellectual property rights
to all their software, either through having developed it in-house or
by having acquired if from third parties. Software packages developed
by the Group, in particular by Sopra Banking Software or by Sopra HR
Software, are generally marketed directly. However there are a few
distribution agreements with partners. Sopra Banking Software holds
patents for the technical algorithms used by various technological and
functional components of the Sopra Banking Platform software suite,
designed for banks and financial institutions.

9.1.5.4. Data protection

Risk description

By the very nature of its activities, the Group has to comply with
various international and local regulations relating to the protection
of personal data. In the event of intentional or unintentional disclosure
of all or some of the personal data relating to a client or third party,
the Group may be held liable. Even if the necessary resources are in
place to limit any negative impact, failure to comply with applicable
regulations or an error in interpretation could expose the Group to a
performance risk, a financial risk and/or a risk to its reputation.

Risk control procedures

As regards the various international and local regulations relating to
data protection, all of the Group’s entities (Sopra Steria Group) comply
with national regulations relating to the protection of personal data, in
particular the requirements of the CNIL in France. Sopra Steria Group
and its subsidiaries are in the process of rolling out a programme within
the Group with the aim of ensuring compliance with Regulation (EU)
2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April
2016 (the “GDPR”), which will enter into force as of 25 May 2018. In
addition, Sopra HR Software, the Sopra Steria Group’s HR solutions
publisher subsidiary, first introduced the Binding Corporate Rules (BCR)
at its entities in 2015

9.1.5.5. Litigation, government, legal or arbitration
proceedings

Within the framework of everyday management of the Group's
activities, some companies may be involved in legal proceedings.
Provisions are recognised in respect of ongoing disputes, as detailed
in Note 10.1 to the consolidated financial statements in Chapter 4
of this document (page 169). The Group is not aware of any legal
or arbitration proceedings which could have a significant impact
other than those reflected in the Group’s financial position. To date,
the Company is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration
proceedings, including any proceedings that may be suspended or
threatened, which may have or have had a material impact on the
financial position or profitability of the Company or Group during
the past twelve months.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 41


--- Page 39 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

However, Sopra Steria cannot rule out the possibility of further litigation
proceedings being initiated as a result of events or facts that are
not currently known and the associated risk of which cannot yet be
determined and/or quantified. Proceedings of this kind may therefore
have a material unfavourable effect on the Group's net profit or image.

9.2.

The Group’s insurance policy is closely linked to a strategy of preventing
and controlling risk. The Group’s insurance management is centralised
under a single Corporate Governance & Risk Management Department.

Insurance

The aim of Sopra Steria Group's insurance programmes is to provide
uniform and adapted cover of the risks facing the company and its
employees for all Group entities at reasonable and optimised terms.

The scope and coverage limits of these various insurance programmes
are reassessed annually in light of changes in the size of Sopra Steria
Group and changes in its business, the insurance market and the
risks incurred.

All Group companies are insured with leading insurance companies
for all major risks that could have a material impact on its activity,
results and assets.

The main insurance programmes in place within the Sopra Steria

Group are:

= operations coverage and professional liability
This programme covers all of the Group’s companies for monetary
consequences arising as a result of their civil and professional liability
in connection with their activities, due to bodily injury, material or
non-material damage caused to third parties. Overall coverage is
limited to €150 million per claim and per year of insurance;

direct damages and operating losses

This programme covers all of the Group’s sites for the direct material
losses they may suffer and any resulting operating losses. Operating
losses are insured on the basis of the loss of gross profit. Overall
policy coverage (for all types of damages and operating losses) is
limited to €100 million per claim and per year of insurance.

In addition, Group programmes have been put in place covering in
particular:

a the civil liability of senior executives and company officers;

= assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
employees and employees on loan.

9.3. Internal control and risk

management

The Group provides a range of business services, primarily based on
intellectual services. These markets are highly competitive. Suppliers
are assessed by clients based on two key differentiating factors: client
confidence in a supplier's ability to provide quality services and price.

The competition faced by the Group is multiform; the Group must
compete with the client's own internal teams, with major multinational
groups and with small companies benefiting from specialist technical
expertise or a deep-rooted local presence. Despite increasing market
consolidation over the last few years, the software and services sector
remains fragmented, with the continuous evolution of products and

42 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

services driven by the emergence of economic or organisational needs
of clients as well as rapid technological change.

In this constantly evolving environment, key factors that will ensure
success are responsiveness and flexibility, local access to clients, expertise
on client issues and the ability to take risks and manage projects of
strategic importance for major clients.

This context requires the Group to implement a highly decentralised
operational organisation favouring autonomy and promoting decision-
making at the local level. To provide the necessary governance in this
decentralised structure, a robust management framework fosters
effective dialogue along a short decision chain so that the Executive
Committee remains in touch with operations.

The main challenges involve the ability to expand the Group’s
presence among major clients while improving the quality of delivery
and reducing costs, as well as the management of human resources
so as to assign the most qualified team members to each role. The
preparation of accounting and financial information does not entail
any particular complexity, with the exception of accounting for work
in progress and associated revenue recognition. Physical assets held
by the Group are not material

All Group employees, regardless of their role, are expected to
demonstrate good judgement in all circumstances and, in each and
every specific instance, to take decisions that best serve the Group
and its clients. Rules and procedures must be applied appropriately.

This section of the report outlines Sopra Steria’s internal control
systems based on the reference framework issued by the AMF. A
specific subsection addresses the preparation of accounting and
financial information.

As set out below, management control (activity management) is
one of the fundamental components of the internal control system.
Management control draws on and updates a database using
standardised models and indicators within an internally managed
information system. It serves to communicate information internally as
well as to identify and manage risks. The various management control
processes are designed to ensure the consistency and timeliness of
information to be shared with the relevant stakeholders, as well as
facilitating decision-making and monitoring action plans.

As stated in the paragraph on control activities, the Industrial
Department, Financial Controlling, and the Corporate Governance
& Risk Management Department play an important role in this
area. The Industrial Department verifies that the Quality System and
production methods are fully and adequately applied, thus ensuring
the effectiveness of production. Financial controlling ensures that the
internal financial control system, a key component in the preparation of
accounting and financial information, is working properly. A Corporate
Governance & Risk Management Department was set up on 1 January
2017 to coordinate and monitor compliance and risk management
issues across the entire Group on a cross-functional basis.

Internal Audit is tasked with monitoring and evaluating the internal
control system. When auditing Group entities, the first checks carried
out are those related to the usage of the management control system
and the operating effectiveness of control activities.

The internal control systems described in the following paragraphs
apply to the parent company and its subsidiaries except in areas where
the Group's main operations are different from its traditional lines of
business (United Kingdom/Asia, Scandinavia and CIMPA). In such areas,


--- Page 40 ---

the mechanisms that predate their consolidation remain in place and
reporting to Executive Management is provided by the implementation
of elements of the management control system (activity management)
that make it possible to achieve the risk management objectives and
prepare the business, accounting and financial information needed at
Group level. All subsidiaries are thus consolidated in Group operational
and financial management control

9.3.1. PRESENTATION OF SOPRA STERIA'S INTERNAL
CONTROL SYSTEM

Definition, objectives and components of internal control

According to the definition in the AMF's reference framework, internal
control is a system set up by the Company, defined and implemented
under its responsibility, which aims to ensure:

= compliance with laws and regulations;

= implementation of instructions and guidelines issued by Executive
Management;

= proper functioning of the Company's internal processes, particularly
those intended to safeguard its assets;

a reliability of financial disclosures;

and, in a general sense, to contribute to the control of its business
activities, to the effectiveness of its operations and the efficient use of
its resources, while not being able to provide an absolute guarantee
that the Company's objectives will be achieved.

Organisation

This section addresses legal and internal organisation, the definition of
powers and responsibilities, human resources, the information system,
procedures and best practices, and lastly the tools that constitute the
components of the internal control organisation according to the
AMF's reference framework.

a. Legal organisational structure

The Group has chosen to limit the number of its legal structures. In
principle, the Group only has one active company per country and per
business, unless otherwise required by specific situations.

The legal organisational structure is presented in Section 7, “Simplified
Group structure at 31 December 2017”, of this chapter on page 32

The Group holds a shareholding of about 32.59% in Axway Software,
which was previously a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group and
has been listed on NYSE Euronext since 14 June 2011. This holding
is accounted for using the equity method

b. The Group’s internal organisation

The Group’s internal organisation is presented in Section 8, “Group
organisation”, of this chapter on pages 33 to 34. It is characterised by
an operational organisation based on four levels and by a centralised
functional organisation.

c. Definition of powers and responsibili

Work was carried out during 2017 to document all the Group’s rules
and applicable decision-making levels in the various post-merger
entities. A corpus of Group rules and decision-making levels was
thus re-established and consolidated across the Group to provide a
common foundation for all processes. These rules apply to all employees
and any new entity. Rules define the scope of powers in areas such
as trading, human resources management, purchasing, operations
and finance. These general rules are then implemented as specific
procedures for each of the Group’s various regions and adapted to
regulatory constraints and the local culture

ies

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Risk management and control

d. Human resources management policy

The Corporate Responsibility Report included in the Registration
Document presents the Group's human resources policy and the main
indicators related to it.

Since 2016, Executive Management has implemented a major unifying
internal transformation and training programme to promote shared
values and fundamentals.

Adherence to Group values, which is an essential criterion in the
selection of managers, is a strong driver of cohesion and promotes
the application of fundamental management principles. Managers play
a key role in ensuring that employees successfully adopt the Group's
culture. Such buy-in is also supported by the Sopra Steria Academy,
whose training solutions include integration seminars, job-specific
development courses and the annual convention attended by Group
managers.

Performance reviews are carried out by managers and are taken
into account in annual career interviews with employees. Employee
evaluation and pay review cycles are held by the heads and management
of each business unit once or twice a year depending on the subsidiary
or job category. The purpose of these meetings is to share knowledge
of employees, to assess their skills, performance and potential from
a cross-functional perspective, and to establish development plans
accordingly. They take place at every level of management (branch,
division, subsidiary and Group) to ensure consistency, fairness and
alignment with HR strategy objectives. Action plans are then rolled
out and managed throughout the year within each entity.

Human resource managers at operational entities serve as liaisons
between the central Human Resources Department and operations,
monitoring the proper application of rules and procedures.

e. Information system

The Group's information system allows for software packages available
on the market to coexist with in-house developments to address the
Group's own specific needs. It addresses all management needs,
including monitoring operations, revenue, invoicing and cash collection,
sales pipeline, budgeting and forecasting, preparation of accounting
and financial information and human resource management. The
dashboard reports produced by this information system are used
during management meetings. As indicated in the introduction
above, some subsidiaries still use their own information systems that
predate their joining the Group but have a proven track record of
meeting their specific needs. These are managed and maintained by
the Group Information Systems Department. A standardised Group
reporting system for management purposes has therefore been put
in place, with the assistance of the Information Systems Department.

The Information Systems Department is responsible for all information
system issues (infrastructure, security, equipment purchases, applications
used for the Group’s internal requirements). The objectives of this
department are to adapt the information system in the best possible
fashion to the Group's operating requirements, to ensure the physical
and logistical security of data to which continuous access must be
guaranteed, and finally to optimise the information system’s cost/
service balance.

The Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM), who works outside
the Information Systems Department, oversees the documentation,
adaptation and application of the Information Systems Security
Policy (ISSP) in conjunction with all the relevant operational and
functional departments. The Information Security Committee (ISC)
meets three times a year. It comprises the heads of the Group’s
Industrial, Information Systems, Legal, Human Resources, Real Estate
and Purchasing departments, as well as the chief security officer and
representatives the Executive Committee.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 43


--- Page 41 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

f. Procedures

The Group has established a code of ethics that sets out its values,
helps to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations in force in
all of the countries where it operates, and promotes its commitments
to the proper conduct of its business activities.

These rules and procedures cover organisation and delivery
management, internal control and accounting practices, information
systems, human resources, production and quality assurance, sales and
marketing, and procurement. A number of procedures are currently
being reviewed and updated to meet the requirements of regulatory
developments and new areas of business.

Functional managers are responsible for implementing rules and
procedures, updating them, disseminating them via a training plan,
and enforcing them

These rules and procedures are available via the intranet portal of
the Group and its various entities. They are complemented by best
practices disseminated by the management and reinforced through
the Group’s various training and communications initiatives.

With respect to human resources, the Company has rules and
procedures covering fundamental principles, staff administration,
recruitment, performance measurement and career management,
compensation, training and knowledge management.

On the production front, Sopra Steria’s quality system defines all the
production, management and quality assurance processes required
to successfully manage projects. The primary goal is to contribute
effectively to the delivery of high quality IT systems that meet clients’
needs in line with time and budget constraints. This methodology
defines project management practices and processes suited to various
environments and at different levels of management and supervision,
as well as software engineering practices and processes.

The basic principles of the Quality System are described in a Quality
Manual supplemented by procedural guides and operating manuals.
UK, Scandinavia and CIMPA apply mechanisms that are similar but
rely on specific methods geared to the primary characteristics of their
activities.

Information security risks and IT/communications infrastructure risks
are overseen by the Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM).

To ensure that all commitments given to clients are legally watertight,
all contracts are subject to legal review before being signed (excluding
standard Group contracts)

g. Tools

The Group's management applications and office automation software
are designed to standardise the documents produced by the Group.

The production tools used or developed by the Group allow for
the industrialisation of project delivery by improving the quality of
deliverables. They naturally incorporate the processes that make up
the Group’s production methodology. Proactive monitoring is carried
out to identify new developments on the market and alternatives to
the tools used. Continuous effort is made to capitalise on any best
practices identified in the application of production tools during
project support and training.

Internal information communication system

a. General description of the management control system

The management control system is designed not only to manage the
dissemination of information, upwards to Executive Management
and downwards to the operational units, but also to guide, control,
support and train. It captures decisions made at steering meetings
held at each of the different organisational levels, including the Group
Executive Committee.

44 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

These meetings are governed by specific standards (reporting timetable,
participants, agenda, documents to be presented at the beginning
and end of the meeting) and are supported by the management
reporting system.

Meetings are held according to a calendar, dependent on the
organisational level and timeframe objectives:

= weekly meetings for the current month: priority is the monitoring
of sales, production and human resources;

= monthly meetings for the current year: in addition to the topics
discussed at the weekly meetings, additional emphasis is placed
on financial indicators: entity performance for the previous month,
update of annual forecasts, actual vs. budget, etc.;

= annual meetings, looking ahead several years; the entities’ annual
budget process is driven by the Group's strategic plan.

b. Implementation of the management control system
at all Group entities

The implementation of this system, generally completed in the shortest
possible time for any newly acquired company, at all operational
and functional entities is a highly effective vehicle for cohesiveness,
the sharing of values and practices throughout the Group, and for
controlling. Although, as indicated in the introduction above, some
subsidiaries still use information systems that predate their consolidation
but have proven successful in meeting their specific needs, they
provide reporting to Executive Management via the implementation
of elements of the Group management control system.

Risk identification and management system

As a reminder, the risk management objectives formalised in the AMF
reference framework are as follows:

= create and preserve the Group's value, assets and reputation;

= secure decision-making and the Group’s processes to attain its
objectives;
= promote consistency between the Group's actions and its values;

= mobilise the Group's employees behind a shared vision of the main
risks and raise their awareness of the risks inherent in their activities.

The effective implementation of the risk identification and management
process is under the supervision of Executive Management, who
receive information on risks from operational, functional and financial
controlling. The aim of this process is to anticipate risks and mitigate
them as efficiently as possible to support the realisation of Group
objectives.

All staff and management are active participants in the risk management
process. The importance of risk management is inherently appreciated
by Sopra Steria personnel as most of them are engineers, already well
versed in a culture of project management, a critical part of which
is risk management.

a. Risk mapping procedure

A further risk mapping exercise was conducted in late 2017, and the
results shared and discussed by the Group's Executive Committee in
early 2018 to identify the Company's principal risk factors and their
potential impact, as well as how best to control these risks.

b. Risk identification and management through

the management control system
Each entity's management ensures the application of the company’s
policy regarding the management of risks related to the business they
oversee, and checks that the level of exposure to these risks is in line
with Group policy.

As part of their overall management function, branch managers and
division/subsidiary managers are responsible for the direct supervision of
human resources, sales and administration at their level of operations.


--- Page 42 ---

The relaying of information relating to identified operational and
functional risks is structured by the rules of the management control
system so that it may be handled at the most appropriate level of
the organisation.

Operational risks associated with business activities, which are classified

s “alerts” in the Group’s in-house lexicon when they are significant
for the entity that identifies them, are prioritised and included in the
weekly review until the appropriate action plan has been completed
The Group's decentralised organisation generally allows for decisions
to be taken swiftly, close to the situation, accompanied if necessary
with input from the next reporting level. When a decision is required
at the Group level, the procedures for risk mitigation (owner and
action timeline) are typically determined by the Group's Executive
Committee at its meetings.

Functional departments are responsible for the definition and proper
application of policies relating in particular to human resources, finance,
production, client and supplier contracts, information systems, facilities
and communications. They report to Executive Management of Group
subsidiaries on a regular basis, including any newly identified risks,
their impact assessment and steps for risk prevention or remediation

Moreover, this organisation is backed up by the Group Risks Committee,
formed of representatives from the Human Resources Department, the
Finance Department, the Legal Department, the Security Department,
the Industrial Department, and the Corporate Governance & Risk
Management Department. It meets on a monthly basis, then updates
Executive Management. At these meetings, any alerts, compliance
issues potentially arising, and the most important risk areas, including
projects at risk, are reviewed.

The risk management process also incorporates reviews by the Financial
Controlling team, the Industrial Department and the Internal Audit
team

c. Crisis management procedures

In order to ensure that it can respond quickly in the event of a major
crisis, the Group has modelled crisis management procedures at the
different organisational levels as part of its business continuity strategy.

To prepare for major incidents that could affect the Group’s operations,
Executive Management has opted to set up a Group crisis management
unit to manage crisis situations.

This crisis management unit, which consists of Executive Management,
functional Directors, Support and the Group Information Systems
Security Manager, can be activated by Executive Management at
any time.

The crisis management unit is activated via an escalation process
communicated to all managers within the Group. In particular, this
process stipulates the following

= the composition of the Group crisis management unit;

= the escalation process (local/branch, entity/site or Group) and each
person’s role within it;

= how the impact of incidents should be assessed.
The crisis management plan to be adopted in such situations is
managed directly by the crisis management unit, which coordinates

action by all relevant Group departments until the crisis is resolved
and normal operations have resumed.

Control activities

Alongside the self-assessment and control procedures implemented
by operational managers at every level, functional departments play
a special role under the rules on delegation of powers in force within
the Group:

= by providing support to operational staff in the field of risk
management;

INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA =

Risk management and control

= by adopting a preventive approach through mandatory reviews that
may be laid down in procedures; or

= by carrying out retrospective controls on adherence to rules and
the results obtained, including checks on the quality of data input
into the information system.

The Finance Department is entrusted with specific responsibilities in
the area of Financial Controlling and the Industrial Department is
responsible for control procedures relating to the management of
its Quality System.

a. Finance Department (including Financial Controlling)

Financial Controlling falls under the responsibility the Finance
Department. Its main responsibilities include the consolidation and
analysis of monthly results produced by the internal management
system, controlling the consistency of monthly forecasts, verifying the
application of Group rules, assisting operational managers, training
management system users, and performing the reconciliation between
the internal management accounts and the general ledgers.

As part of its control responsibilities, Financial Controllers identify and
measure risks specific to each branch. In particular, they ensure that
contractual commitments and project production are aligned with
the revenue recognised. They raise alerts for projects that present
technical, commercial or legal difficulties. They check that revenue is
recognised in line with Group accounting rules as well as analysing
any commercial concessions applicable and verifying their treatment in
the branch's accounts. They also ensure that the costs for the branch
are completely and accurately recognised.

Financial controllers devote particular attention to unbilled revenue
and contractual milestone payments, and check that invoices issued
are paid. In coordination with the manager at the relevant entity, they
trigger payment collection, which is managed directly by the Finance
Department. They check any credit notes issued.

Financial Controllers assess branches’ and/or divisions’ organisation
and administrative operations. They monitor compliance with rules
and deadlines.

b. Industrial Department (Management of the Quality System)

Quality management relies upon the day to day interaction between
the operational and quality structures and covers the methods for the
production and application of professional standards.

Sopra Steria’s quality structure is independent of the project
management and delivery operations. As such, it offers external quality
assurance for projects with the objectives of assuring production and
cost controlling, overseeing associated human resources, verifying
production conformity and compliance with quality assurance
procedures, and monitoring the quality assurance plan’s effectiveness.

Industrial managers under the authority of division/subsidiary managers
and reporting functionally to the Group Industrial Department are
responsible for monitoring the Quality System and all projects. For the
UK-Asia and Scandinavia regions, these monitoring responsibilities fall
to the teams reporting to the Industrial Department of the subsidiary.

Structural audits are performed so as to verify the application and
effectiveness of the Quality System among the Sopra Steria staff
members concerned (management, sales, operational quality unit).

Projects are reviewed on a regular basis, at key phases in their life cycle.
These reviews, which are organised by the Industrial Department, or
by the quality structure's local representatives, provide an external
perspective on the status and organisation of projects.

Monthly steering meetings facilitate an overview of quality at all
levels, the monitoring of annual quality targets established during
management reviews and the determination of the appropriate action
plans to continuously improve production performance and the quality
of Sopra Steria products and services.

SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017 45


--- Page 43 ---

Ml «INTRODUCTION TO SOPRA STERIA

Risk management and control

The implementation of actions agreed during steering committees,
audits and reviews is checked by the Industrial Department.

An annual review is performed by Executive Management to ensure
that the Quality System remains pertinent, adequate and effective. This
review is based in particular upon an analysis of project reviews and
internal structural audits performed at all levels of the Group as well
as upon annual balance sheets produced by divisions or subsidiaries.
During this review, the adequacy of the quality policy is evaluated,
the annual quality objectives are defined and possible improvements
and changes in the Quality System are considered.

The Group has put in place a certification policy, covering all or a
portion of its operations, depending on market expectations. This policy
relates to the following standards or frameworks: ISO 9001, TickIT
Plus, ISO 27001, ISO 22301, ISO 14001, ISO 20000, CMMI and TMMi.

Monitoring of the internal control system

a. Internal monitoring system

While improving the internal control system is a responsibility shared
by all Group employees, the Group’s management play a key role in
the area of ongoing monitoring.

Executive Management

Executive Management constitutes the top level of the internal control
and risk management system and takes an active role in monitoring
its continuing effectiveness. It takes any action required to correct the
issues identified and remain within acceptable risk tolerance thresholds.
Executive Management ensures that all appropriate information is
communicated in a timely manner to the Board of Directors and to
the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Department plays a key role in supporting these
objectives.

Internal Audit Department
Under the internal audit charter adopted by the Group, the Internal
Audit Department has the following tasks

= independent and objective evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control system via a periodic audit of entities;

= formulation of all recommendations to improve the Group’s
operations;

= monitoring the implementation of recommendations.

The work of the Internal Audit Department is organised with a view to
covering the “audit universe” (classification of key processes) reviewed
annually by the Audit Committee.

Internal Audit covers the entire Group over a cycle of a maximum of
four years. Audits are performed more frequently for the main risks
identified. To this end, Internal Audit carries out field audits while
using self-assessment questionnaires for areas of lesser importance.

By carrying out work relating specifically to fraud, Internal Audit
has identified processes that are potentially concerned, associated
risks, control procedures to be adopted (prevention and detection
of fraud and corruption) and audit tests to be carried out. These are
systematically integrated into internal audit programmes.

Internal Audit, which reports to the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and operates under the direct authority of Executive Management, is
responsible for internal control and monitors the system in place. It
submits its findings to Executive Management and the Audit Committee.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors validates the audit plan,
shared with Executive Management, notably on the basis of risk
information obtained using the risk mapping procedure, the priorities
adopted for the year and the coverage of the “audit universe”. This
plan is presented to the Audit Committee for review and feedback.
Recommendations are monitored and compiled in a report provided
to Executive Management and the Audit Committee.

Internal audit carried out 15 assignments in 2017.

46 SOPRASTERIA REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2017

Board of Directors (Audit Committee)

The Group's Audit Committee examines the main features of the internal
control and risk management procedures selected and implemented
by Executive Management to manage risks, including the organisation,
roles and functions of the key actors, the approach, structure for
reporting risks and monitoring the effectiveness of control systems.

It has an overview of all the procedures relating to the preparation
and recording of accounting and financial information.

The Audit Committee performs an annual review of the Group’s risk
mapping procedure and follows the activity of the Internal Audit
Department through:

= approval of the annual internal audit plan;

= meeting with its Director once a year in the presence of the Statutory
Auditors, but without the presence of management;

= biannual review of the results of internal audit assignments and
monitoring implementation of management action plans.

b. External monitoring system

Furthermore, the internal control system is also monitored by the
Statutory Auditors and the quality certification inspectors for the
Quality System.

Statutory Auditors

As part of their engagement, the Statutory Auditors obtain information
on the internal control system and the procedures in place. They attend
all Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory Auditors are engaged throughout the year across
the Group. Their involvement is not limited to interactions with the
accounting department. To gain a more in-depth understanding of
how operations and transactions are recorded in the accounts, the
Statutory Auditors are in regular contact with operational managers,
who are best placed to explain the Company’s business activity. These
meetings with operational staff are structured around branch, division
or subsidiary reviews, during which the Statutory Auditors examine the
main ongoing projects, progress made and any difficulties encountered
by the branch or subsidiary.

Quality certification inspectors
The audit procedure aims to ensure that the Quality System is both in
compliance with international standards and is applied to the entire
certified scope of operations.

Each year, quality certification inspectors select the sites visited
depending upon an audit cycle and relevance of the activity in relation
to the certification.

The purpose of this audit process is to identify ways in which the
quality management system might be improved in order to ensure
continuous improvement.

Evaluation and continuous improvement process

As part of every internal audit, evaluations are carried out to ensure that
the Group entities or business areas being audited have appropriate
internal control systems in place.

The internal control system and its operation are subject to internal
and external assessments to identify areas for improvement. These
may lead to implementation of action plans to strengthen the internal
control system, in certain cases under the direct oversight of the
Group’s Audit Committee.

For example, in 2017, the Audit Committee monitored detailed
analysis of sub-entities in the “audit universe” (breakdown of control
points by process).
