General Information About This

Management Report

Basis of Presentation

This combined group management report by the SAP Group
(collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP,” “Group,” or “Company”)
and the management report of SAP SE have been prepared in
accordance with sections 289, 289a, 289f, 315, 315a, and 315d
of the German Commercial Code and German Accounting
Standards (GAS) No. 17 and 20. The management report is also
a management commentary complying with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Practice Statement
“Management Commentary”.

German Commercial Code, sections 289b and 315b, require us
to prepare, for both SAP SE and SAP Group, a non-financial
statement within the management report or a non-financial
report outside of the management report in which we report on
social, environmental, and other non-financial matters. The
required disclosures can but do not need to be a separate
section in our management report. Instead, the information
required can also be provided, in an integrated manner, in the
different sections of the management report. SAP released a
non-financial report outside of the combined management
report but within our online integrated report with references to
the sections of our combined management report. This non-
financial report is available at
http.//www.sap.com/investors/sap-2017-combined-non-
financial-report. We believe that this approach is best aligned
with SAP's integrated reporting strategy, also taking into
account that all non-financial information stipulated in the
German Commercial Code, sections 315c and 289c, that is
relevant to understand SAP’s development, performance of the
business, and the position of the Group and SAP SE is included
in our combined management report.

All of the information in this report relates to the situation as at
December 31, 2017, or the fiscal year ended on that date, unless
otherwise stated.

Forward-Looking Statements

This management report contains forward-looking statements
and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions made
by, our management using information currently available to
them. Any statements contained in this report that are not
historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the
U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current

expectations, assumptions, and projections about future
conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking
statements and information are subject to uncertainties and
risks, many of which are beyond our control. If one or more of
these uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management's
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could
differ materially from those described in or inferred from our
forward-looking statements and information. We describe these
risks and uncertainties in the Aisk Management and Risks
section.

The words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “counting on,” “is confident,” “development,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future trends,” “guidance,”
“intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,”
“seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “want,” “will,” “would,” and similar
expressions as they relate to us are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. Such statements include, for
example, those made in the Operating Resu/ts section, our
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
pursuant to the International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and related statements in our Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements; Expected Developments
and Opportunities section; Risk Management and Risks section;
and other forward-looking information appearing in other parts
of this report. To fully consider the factors that could affect our
future financial results, both this report and our Annual Report
on Form 20-F should be considered, as well as all of our other
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
specified or the date of this report. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a
result of new information that we receive about conditions that
existed upon issuance of this report, future events, or otherwise
unless we are required to do so by law.

This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and
global economic trends that comes from information published
by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC),
Gartner, the European Central Bank (ECB), and the International
Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data represents only the
estimates of IDC, Gartner, ECB, IMF, and other sources of
industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of the
statistical information provided by sources such as IDC, Gartner,
ECB, IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this

58 Combined Management Report | General Information About This Management Report
report. The data from these sources is subject to risks and
uncertainties, and subject to change based on various factors,
including those described above, in the Aisk Management and
Risks section, and elsewhere in this report. These and other
factors could cause our results to differ materially from those
expressed in the estimates made by third parties and SAP. We
caution readers not to place undue reliance on this data.

Combined Management Report | General Information About This Management Report

59
Overview of the
SAP Group

>/6%

of worldwide transaction revenue touches
an SAP system

Our vision is to help the world run better and improve people’s
lives. Together with our broad ecosystem of partners, this
comes to life as we help our customers master complexity as
well as innovate and transform to become sustainable intelligent
businesses. SAP drives innovation in numerous fields of the
digital economy by using technology such as Internet of Things,
machine learning, and artificial intelligence. For more
information about our vision and strategy, see the Strategy and
Business VMode/section.

Founded in 1972, SAP is a global company headquartered in
Walldorf, Germany. Our legal corporate name is SAP SE. SAP is
the market leader in enterprise application software? and also
the leading analytics and business intelligence company.
Globally, more than 76% of all transaction revenue touches an
SAP system. In 2017, SAP was ranked as the most sustainable
software company in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the
eleventh consecutive year. With more than 378,000 customers
in more than 180 countries, the SAP Group has a global
presence and employs more than 88,000 people.

Our ordinary shares are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) representing SAP SE
ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE). SAP is a member of Germany’s DAX, the Dow Jones
EURO STOXX 50 and the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes. As
at December 31, 2017, SAP was the most valuable company in
the DAX based on market capitalization and the 60th most
valuable company in the world.

? Enterprise application software is computer software specifically developed to support and automate
business processes

60

>378,000

SAP customers worldwide

>180

countries where SAP customers are
located

As at December 31, 2017, SAP SE directly or indirectly controlled
a worldwide group of 227 subsidiaries that develop, distribute,
and provide our products, solutions, and services. For a list of
our subsidiaries, associates, and other equity investments, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note (34).

Combined Management Report | Overview of the SAP Group
Strategy and Business Model

The Intelligent Enterprise

Opportunity in a Time of Disruption

We are living in a time of unprecedented digital disruption that is
transforming societies globally and changing how we work and
interact with each other. Innovations in technology, such as the
Internet of Things (loT), Big Data, blockchain, artificial
intelligence, and machine learning are disrupting entire
industries. In this era, the key question our customers are asking
is how they can apply these technological innovations to not just
survive but also to thrive.

Technological innovation is necessary to tackle some of the
world’s most intractable problems, which are often driven by
complexity. With innovative solutions from SAP, we can
empower our customers to create a better economy, society,
and environment for the world. Together with our vibrant
ecosystem of partners, we have an opportunity to execute our
vision to “help the world run better and improve people's lives.”

We continue to help our more than 378,000 customers run at
their best. Our strategy to be the most innovative cloud
company powered by SAP HANA, focuses on how we can help
our customers innovate faster and drive successful business
outcomes.

Our Vision for the Intelligent
Enterprise

In the digital era, data is the “new currency” in an enterprise.
Businesses that are able to harness their data faster and more
effectively will be the ones that succeed through disruption.

As the world’s largest enterprise software company, SAP offers
perspective on the massive scale and power of data. Our
customers have a vast amount of enterprise data assets flowing
through our SAP ERP and cloud applications and business
networks every day. Our enterprise resource planning
applications touch 76% of global transaction revenue, we run
the world’s largest business network with over US$1 trillion in
commerce annually, and we have over 150 million users of our
cloud applications.

SAP software and technologies can deliver deep value to our
customers by providing the tools to harness the power of the
data flowing through their systems. Our vision for the intelligent
enterprise is an event-driven, real-time business powered by

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model

intelligent applications and platforms. In this vision, enterprise
data sits at the core of a virtuous cycle whereby:

— Enterprises will combine proprietary data assets from their
internal systems of record with real-time, external data feeds
to train intelligent algorithms.

— Intelligent algorithms will be embedded into core business
processes to enable enterprises to increase their awareness
of events and respond in real time.

— As the cycle repeats itself, enterprises will produce even
richer datasets based on business outcomes that can be
used to train the next generation of increasingly intelligent
algorithms.

By embedding intelligence in core processes, businesses of all
sizes will benefit from the automation of routine tasks and
improved decision-making driven by advanced analytics.

Combining intelligent algorithms with empowered employees
will allow companies to free up scarce resources to focus on
what matters most — driving value for their customers. In this
way, we can fulfill our promise of enabling our customers to Run
Simple, while helping the world run better and improving
people's lives.

Framework for the Intelligent
Enterprise

SAP delivers software and technologies addressing the three
core elements of the intelligent enterprise:

— Anintelligent cloud suite of applications for every line of
business. This includes our next-generation ERP in the cloud,
as well as solutions for manufacturing, digital supply chain,
customer experience, networks, spend management, and
people management. The intelligent cloud suite will be
integrated and differentiated by industry-specific business
processes for integrated scenarios (for example, order to
cash, procure to pay, and so on). It will be enhanced by
machine learning algorithms that deliver intelligence in the
workflow and drive better business outcomes including
profitability and customer satisfaction. While integrated, the
suite will also be modular to enable lean consumption. We will
extend it with business networks that enable our customers
to see events happening in real time and to further automate
business processes by creating information transparency
across the value chain.

61
— Adigital platform to help customers manage data
orchestration and system integration across their entire
business:
= Real-time visibility into distributed data silos using the
next generation of data management solutions. Our
customers can tap into the data sitting in their core
business applications, combined with third-party data
streams and data from connected devices to radically
simplify data management. SAP applications will be data-
driven and will embed intelligence across their core
business processes.

= Anopen cloud platform for new application development,
extensions, and integration across heterogeneous
environments. Using the cloud platform, our customers
can extend the business processes of our intelligent cloud
suite and build innovations that go beyond standard
business processes. SAP Cloud Platform will also be the
foundation for a vibrant, open ecosystem that can extend
the power of SAP applications to drive customer value.

— Intelligent systems, such as loT, artificial intelligence, and
machine learning, as well as analytics, help customers to
optimize their core business processes and reinvent their
business models. This intelligence is integrated across
applications and helps SAP to deliver individual outcomes to
every customer. Combined with a design thinking approach
and SAP's industry thought leadership, customers can now
reimagine new business models and deliver radically new
customer experiences leveraging the power of intelligent
technologies.

By embracing all the components of the intelligent enterprise,
we firmly believe that we can create the future of enterprise
software. The cornerstones are empathy for our customers,
innovative solutions, and engagement from our employees. By
harnessing the power of data and machine learning, we can
enable our customers to transform their businesses into
intelligent enterprises.

Acquisitions

We take a balanced approach on how we grow. We will continue
to focus on organic investments in technology and innovations
to drive our short-term and midterm growth ambitions. We will
continue to look at unleashing the full potential of our
employees’ talent as well as strategic partnerships with our
ecosystem to foster innovation.

62

Additionally, we occasionally acquire targeted “tuck-in”
technologies to add to our broad solution offerings and improve
coverage in key strategic markets. In 2017, SAP made the
following smaller acquisitions:

— Abakus, a marketing attribution company that measures the
customer's journey across all channels, helps enhance SAP's
marketing offerings to ensure marketers are optimizing
marketing spend. By combining rich marketing performance
management capabilities from Abakus with the SAP Hybris
Marketing Cloud solution capabilities, marketers get unique
insight into marketing performance to optimize campaigns
and understand customer interaction across channels.

— Gigya, a customer identity management company, helps us
to strengthen our customer experience across all devices and
channels. The consent-based identity data platform from
Gigya helps companies build better relationships with their
customers while remaining within legal privacy requirements.
We intend to integrate Gigya into our SAP Hybris software to
build better profiles of our customers, and to personalize
sales, service, and marketing.

Investing in Future Technology

Sapphire Ventures

In addition to our investments in organic growth, SAP also
supports entrepreneurs that aspire to build industry-leading
businesses, through venture capital funds managed by Sapphire
Ventures. Sapphire Ventures currently has over US$2 billion
under management and has invested in more than 130
companies on five continents. This includes growth-stage
technology companies and early-stage venture capital funds on
five continents. Sapphire Ventures pursues opportunities in
which it can help fuel enterprise growth by adding expertise,
relationships, geographic reach, and capital. It places a
particular focus on companies in Europe, Israel, and the United
States.

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model
Our Business Model

We innovate software and technology solutions that empower
our customers to become intelligent digital businesses and
create a better and more sustainable economy, environment,
and society. This way, we aim to fulfill our strategic purpose of
helping the world run better and improving people's lives.

We create value by identifying the business needs of our
customers and addressing these with innovative software,
service, and support solutions. The collaboration with our

customers and partners throughout this process helps us
continuously improve our solutions and deliver enhanced value
to our customers.

Our value creation process does not happen in a vacuum. It is
enabled by external inputs and value drivers and leads to
significant impact at our customers and — through them — in the
world.

How SAP creates value
Our vision is to help the world run better and improve people’s lives.
We innovate software and technology solutions that empower our customers to become
intelligent enterprises and create a better and more sustainable economy, environment, and society.

ae

eet t eee,

Develop
solutions

Identify
business
needs

eee Inputs seeeee >

Customer insights ‘
and stakeholder ‘
dialog *

Financial capital

Employees’ expertise
and intellectual property

Third-party products
and services

Energy consumption in offices They
and data centers

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model

Deliver cloud and
support

.
.
a id

eer’

Deliver
software
and > Impact seeeeeeeee
services

. Work and prosperity

Innovation and
security

Health and education

Smart cities and safe
communities

Clean planet and
. climate change

Responsible growth

ee

63
Measuring Our Success

We believe the most important indicators for measuring our

success comprise both financial and non-financial areas:

Growth
Profitability
— Customer loyalty

Employee engagement

The table below provides an overview of the specific key
performance indicators (KPIs) used to measure performance,
and compares this performance with our goals.

Outlook and Results for 2017

Strategic Objective KPI 2017 2017
Outlook* Results
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) | (non-IFRS, at constant currencies)
Cloud subscripti d
oue subscriptions an €3.8 billion to €4.0 billion €3.83 billion
support revenue
Growth Cloud and software revenue +7.0% to +8.5% +8%
Total revenue €23.4 billion to €23.8 billion €23.77 billion
Profitability Operating profit £6.85 billion to €7.0 billion €6.92 billion
Customer Loyalty Customer Net Promoter Score 21% to 23% 17.8%
Employee Engagement | Employee Engagement Index 84% to 86% 85%

* The outlook was communicated in January 2017 and raised in July and October 2017. The 2017 outlook numbers above reflect the raised outlook from October

2017.

Outlook for 2018 and Ambitions for 2020

Strategic Objective KPI 2017 2018 Outlook 2020
Results (non-lFRS, at Ambition
(non-IFRS) constant currencies) (non-IFRS)
Cloud subscripti d €4.8 billion t €8.0 billion t
joud subscriptions an €3.77 billion ion (e) lon )
support revenue €5.0 billion €8.5 billion
€20.7 billion t
Growth Cloud and software revenue €19.55 billion ponte
€21.1 billion
Total €23.46 bill €24.6 billion to €28 billion to
otal revenue . illion
€25.1 billion €29 billion
€7.3 billion to €8.5 billion to
Profitabili {e) ti fit €6.77 billi
rofitability Perating prom mon €75 billion €9.0 billion
Customer Loyalty Customer Net Promoter Score 17.8% 21% to 23% 35% to 40%
Employee Engagement | Employee Engagement Index 85% 84% to 86% 84% to 86%

64

Combined Management Report | Strategy and Business Model

Products, Research & Development,

and Services

>7,900

SAP S/4HANA customers

Bringing Continuous Innovation
to Our Customers

SAP solutions touch millions of lives around the world every day.
Some users skim the edges of our technology when they use our
customers’ services, while others are fully immersed, driving
their business forward with integrated applications built on our
most advanced SAP technology foundation. Each SAP solution
is a powerful standalone application, built to enrich and improve
businesses and lives through its specific purpose. But when
working together, they are optimized to integrate, learn, and
improve themselves in a way that goes beyond basic software
and database solutions.

By bringing continuous innovation to our customers, we not only
help them, and ourselves, to be successful, but we also realize
our vision and purpose of helping the world run better and
improving people's lives.

Intelligent Enterprise Framework

Intelligent Cloud Suite

Customer Manufacturing & Digital People Network & Spend
Experience Supply Chain Core Engagement Management

f
i) ai ©
| : Intelligent Systems

Business Intelligent _
Transactions Insights

SAP Leonardo: AI/ML | loT | Analytics

Digital Platform

Cloud
Platform

qP

Data
Management

Digital Platform

SAP HANA

SAP HANA is our flagship in-memory database. It enables
businesses to process and analyze live data and make business
decisions based on the most up-to-date information, a
requirement of today’s digital economy. The innovative
architecture in SAP HANA allows both transactional processing

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services

~50 M

people using SAP Concur solutions

€3,352M

R&D expense in 2017 (IFRS)

for data capture and retrieval, and analytical processing for
business intelligence and reporting. It reduces time-consuming
database and data management tasks and underpins intelligent
applications that use advanced analytic processing. It includes
features such as text analysis, multitenant database containers
to support multiple isolated databases in a single SAP HANA
system, as well as external machine learning libraries.

SAP Data Hub

In September 2017, SAP launched SAP Data Hub. The solution
enables businesses to manage data from numerous sources,
SAP or third-party, without having to centralize data into one
location. SAP Data Hub allows users to process data “in flow,”
for example, while the data is being recorded to the data store,
or while they are preparing the data for use in machine learning.
It also provides enterprise data governance to see who changed
or accessed the data. The solution lets companies safely and
effectively move and share their data to enable agile data
operations across the enterprise. SAP Data Hub is also part of
the SAP Leonardo Data Intelligence capability.

SAP Cloud Platform

In the digital economy, companies need both standard
applications and a highly flexible platform that allows them to:

— Extend and customize cloud and on-premise
SAP applications

— Develop new applications for different processes

— Integrate cloud and on-premise applications

SAP Cloud Platform is an enterprise platform as a service
(PaaS), an environment where companies can build, test, run,
manage, and expand software applications in the cloud. It offers
comprehensive capabilities to help business users and
developers create better, more agile applications in less time.
Customers can apply, among other things, mobile services,
advanced analytic tools, state-of-the-art authentication
mechanisms, and social functionality. For maximum flexibility,
portability, and agility, we use open source technologies. SAP
Cloud Platform enables businesses to connect and integrate

65
best-of-breed applications to our digital core and to custom-
built solutions.

Multi-Cloud Strategy

SAP Cloud Platform allows customers to choose from a
selection of infrastructure-as-a-service (laaS) providers, and
today many enterprise customers are choosing more than one
provider. SAP has partnered with Amazon, Google, and
Microsoft so that our customers have the choice of running their
applications in an SAP or a third-party data center or ina
combination thereof.

SAP BW/4HANA

SAP BW/4HANA is a data warehouse solution built entirely on
SAP HANA. It offers a unique real-time analytics layer, which can
query the database directly instead of processing data at the
application layer like traditional analytical engines do. It
integrates data from across an organization to deliver key
business intelligence. SAP BW/4HANA provides customers with
enhanced data modelling and governance, so that they can
manage the availability, integrity, and security of their data. The
solution can be connected to various data sources, including
SAP or unstructured third-party data, such as Hadoop.

Intelligent Systems
SAP Leonardo

The SAP Leonardo digital innovation system enables customers
to make business sense and opportunity of disruptive
technologies such as advanced analytics, Big Data, Internet of
Things (loT), and machine learning. It does so with a proven
methodology that brings together the customer vision, SAP’s
process and industry knowledge, and our software capabilities.
SAP Cloud Platform provides the environment for applications
to consume these disruptive technologies.

SAP Leonardo Machine Learning

Machine learning allows companies to augment human
capabilities and automate repetitive tasks. The technology is an
essential part of the SAP Leonardo digital innovation system,
empowering enterprises to improve processes. Currently,
several SAP Leonardo Machine Learning solutions are in
productive use. We have already embedded machine learning
capabilities into a wide range of applications across the SAP
portfolio. Customers can also build their own machine learning
models using SAP Leonardo Machine Learning Foundation.

SAP Leonardo Blockchain

Blockchain technology is a distributed digital ledger where
transactions can be securely shared among independent
parties. It is most familiar as the underlying technology for
cryptocurrencies but it has the potential to be the foundation for
a new type of collaborative business. We intend to use
blockchain technology to build a new generation of transactional

applications that retain their trustworthiness and transparency
even when used by multiple parties and business networks. We
also encourage customers to use our SAP Leonardo Blockchain
technology to build blockchain solutions for their specific
business needs.

SAP Leonardo Internet of Things

The proliferation of intelligent devices with sensors and
ubiquitous connectivity, aptly named the Internet of Things
(loT), has led to an upsurge of connected things, from washing
machines to airplane engines and oil rigs. The data generated
from these “things” is processed either near the point of origin
or in the cloud, and can be the catalyst for digital transformation
as companies use this data to improve their business processes.
With SAP Leonardo loT capabilities, we enable companies to
optimize their business processes by connecting things to
people and processes. We help companies to collaborate with
business partners on digital twins — digital replicas of connected
things that change and are updated when the physical
counterpart changes. SAP Leonardo loT also enables
organizations to design innovative business models, and create
new work environments and connected user experiences.

SAP Leonardo Innovation Services

SAP Leonardo Innovation Services provide a guided approach to
digital transformation. They use design thinking methods to help
identify and test new digital business models — and offer a fast,
low-risk path to SAP Leonardo adoption. There are three service
editions to choose from: The express edition provides fast
implementation of predefined use cases. The open innovation
edition helps users create a new solution for their specific
business challenges. The enterprise edition extends the scope of
the open innovation edition. It includes services and
empowerment sessions to help create multiple business-
specific solutions in parallel.

SAP Analytics Cloud

SAP Analytics Cloud leverages the inherent intersection of
business intelligence (Bl), planning, and predictive analytics to
deliver new capabilities such as simulation and automated
discovery in Bl, as well as storytelling and predicted forecasts in
planning. The solution allows organizations to close the gap
between transactions, data preparation, analysis, and action.
SAP Analytics solutions allow customers to take advantage of
high-speed innovation in the cloud, while using their existing on-
premise investments. To enable a smooth transition to the
cloud, the SAP Analytics Hub solution, built on SAP Cloud
Platform, is designed to centralize access to all analytics from
SAP and third-party applications and platforms.

66 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services
The Intelligent Cloud Suite

SAP S/4HANA

SAP S/4HANA is our enterprise resource planning (ERP) suite
for the intelligent enterprise. Three years after its introduction,
over 7,900 customers have chosen the suite to support their
digital transformation. It enables businesses to access and
analyze data in real time, giving them insights to act in the
moment, providing predictive suggestions, and connecting
business functions and the people within them. SAP S/4HANA
software spans across all business functions including finance,
human resources, sales, service, procurement, manufacturing,
asset management, supply chain, and R&D.

Flexible Deployment

SAP S/4HANA is developed first for the cloud, and can be
delivered as a software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution, on
premise, in a private cloud, or as a hybrid deployment. All
consumption options are compatible, so that organizations have
the flexibility to implement SAP S/4HANA to meet their exact
needs. SAP S/4HANA Cloud provides SaaS qualities such as
scalability as well as quarterly innovation updates. On-premise
customers receive the same updates but on an annual update
cycle.

Real Time

SAP S/4HANA is built specifically to take advantage of in-
memory computing with SAP HANA. SAP S/4HANA reduces
both the complexity of the data model and the data footprint. It
enables SAP S/4HANA solutions to process huge amounts of
data in real time and end users can flexibly change their
perspective of the data. This not only saves time and costs for
our customers but also delivers a new interactive experience
and new business insights. SAP S/4HANA empowers business
users to act in the moment, as they have immediate access to
information at the most granular level to help make better, more
informed decisions.

Machine Learning

In 2017, we delivered SAP S/4HANA with innovations that utilize
SAP Leonardo machine learning services. Routine business
processes can now be automated by eliminating inefficient
manual process steps, such as matching payments to invoices.
This increase in automation increases productivity by allowing
users to focus on higher value tasks. Machine learning also helps
users by providing information that is relevant to the current
task, so they can quickly identify areas requiring attention and
action.

Integrated and Extendable

SAP S/4HANA is built with an open architecture and connects
to the entire SAP portfolio and beyond. The new SAP S/4HANA
Cloud software development kit (SDK) allows our cloud and on-

premise customers, as well as partners, to innovate quickly and
easily on SAP Cloud Platform while leveraging the capabilities of
their digital core. As part of the open architecture, the SDK
provides all the necessary APIs, libraries, and project templates
needed to develop extension applications on SAP S/4HANA so
customers can get going quickly.

Supply Chain Management

To meet the rising expectations of today's discerning, tech-
savvy customer, companies need to respond quickly and
accurately to their demands, which means creating responsive
and distributed manufacturing and supply chain networks. SAP
solutions enable customers to set up a real digital supply chain
that provides real-time visibility into manufacturing, logistics,
and how their assets are operating, enabling them to optimize
maintenance and service schedules.

Integrated Business Planning

The SAP Integrated Business Planning solution is powered by
SAP HANA, and delivers real-time supply chain planning
capabilities for sales and operations, demand and supply
planning, and inventory optimization in the cloud. It provides the
necessary information to make business decisions using
embedded analytics, simulation, prediction, and decision
support. Individual SAP Integrated Business Planning
applications can be used with the established user interface
from SAP Fiori or with a Microsoft Excel plug-in, allowing users
to run optimization scenarios directly in their spreadsheets.

Small and Midsize Enterprises (SMEs)

SAP also offers a portfolio of solutions that extends the power of
SAP HANA to support SMEs with their digital transformation.

SAP Business ByDesign

SAP Business ByDesign is a cloud-based ERP solution for
midsize companies that uses the power of SAP HANA. It gives
fast-growing midmarket businesses the platform to scale up
their operations and compete in their markets without
complexity or high costs. The solution connects every function
across a company to time-tested best practices and in-depth
analytics. As an integrated suite across all key business
functions, it also enables the growing ecosystem of SAP's third-
party partners to develop additional content for customers
using their domain-specific expertise.

SAP Business One

SAP Business One is an on-premise and cloud business
application for small businesses that is modular and flexible,
with add-ons available that are tailored to industries and special
functions. These are developed and sold by an established
network of partners ready to help small businesses grow
wherever they are in the world.

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 67
SAP Fiori
Personalization with Fiori UX

SAP continuously improves our user experience (UX) in
accordance with how people work today — collaboratively,
spontaneously, or socially. Our users demand solutions that not
only understand the business content but also the context in
which they operate. SAP Fiori is our signature user interface,
and we have personalized the UX even more with new machine
learning capabilities. SAP CoPilot, a digital assistant and bot
integration framework, is integrated into SAP Fiori. Its
conversational user interface allows users to chat, ask
questions, and give commands. SAP CoPilot augments users’
capabilities with context and business situation awareness, and
provides recommended actions.

Line-of-Business Software-as-a-
Service Solutions

SAP delivers line-of-business (LoB) cloud applications that
simplify and connect key business areas and address specific
customer needs, from human resources to supply chain and
customer engagement to spend management. Each of these
cloud applications from SAP represent a new generation of
business applications — cloud based and connected to the
world’s largest businesses networks to automate, transform,
and support business in the digital economy.

As amodular, integrated ERP system, SAP S/4HANA is the
backbone of a company. Our LoB cloud applications are
designed to tightly integrate with SAP S/4HANA software and
the wider SAP portfolio. They are built on open platforms that
enable customers to easily link them with third-party
applications, delivering real-time insights to help businesses run
effectively and innovate with speed and flexibility.

Workforce Engagement

SAP SuccessFactors Solutions

Our SAP SuccessFactors Human Capital Management (HCM)
solutions help organizations increase the value of their
workforce by developing, managing, engaging, and empowering
their people.

SAP SuccessFactors HCM cloud software is used by more than
6,400 customers in over 200 countries and territories. The core
HR and talent management solutions reach more than 93 million
users. Our development approach ensures that our solutions are
optimized for different devices to provide the best user
experience. We deliver SAP SuccessFactors HCM solutions as a
complete and innovative digital HR suite that addresses all
aspects of HR, from administration, payroll, and benefits to
talent management and collaboration across the employee
journey. They are designed to help companies attract, develop,

and retain their best talent. SAP SuccessFactors solutions
integrate with companies’ internal and external databases and
software, including SAP S/4 HANA.

In 2017, SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central, a core HCM
solution, surpassed 2,300 customers, more than doubling our
customer numbers from 1,000 just two years ago. We
developed “Business Beyond Bias,” a set of business processes
and smart data analytics tools based on SAP Leonardo Machine
Learning capabilities, that can help companies eliminate
unconscious bias in the workplace. Additionally, in partnership
with Apple, we created a new mobile experience for SAP
SuccessFactors solutions that combines the award-winning SAP
Fiori UX with a best-in-class Apple iOS experience.

SAP SuccessFactors solutions help manage the core employee
workforce, but organizations also need to manage flexible
external talent such as freelancers or consultants. With
seamlessly integrated SAP Fieldglass solutions for external
workforce management and services procurement, we deliver a
total workforce management solution.

Spend Management

Our cloud applications help customers manage spend across
their entire organization, from the sourcing of indirect goods to
direct materials and services with SAP Ariba solutions and the
online marketplace Ariba Network, as well as SAP Fieldglass
solutions for services procurement, and SAP Concur solutions
for travel and expense management. Built on open platforms, all
of our cloud applications work together seamlessly, enabling
customers to use our entire portfolio or choose the specific
solutions that address their specific needs.

SAP Fieldglass Solutions

SAP Fieldglass solutions are cloud-based applications enabling
external workforce management and services procurement. The
SAP Fieldglass Vendor Management System, an external talent
management system, helps organizations find, engage, and
manage all types of flexible resources — including contingent
workers, statement of work-based consultants, freelancers, and
more.

n 2017, the SAP Fieldglass solutions connected customers with
4.3 million workers and more than 89,000 suppliers in more
han 180 countries. Its open API framework makes it easy for
organizations to connect to other systems and solutions to
ransform how work gets done. To further help our customers,
we introduced the flex edition of SAP Fieldglass Vendor
anagement System designed for the midmarket. In addition,
SAP Fieldglass Live Insights, a machine-learning-based industry
benchmarking and simulation service, enables users to assess
external talent scenarios using anonymized and aggregated
data.

68 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services
SAP Ariba Solutions

SAP Ariba solutions offer an online business-to-business
marketplace connecting more than 3.1 million buyers in more
than 180 countries with sellers realizing more than US$1 trillion
in goods and services every year. SAP Ariba solutions help
buyers build a sustainable supply chain by connecting them with
sellers through Ariba Network and by providing a
comprehensive set of cloud-based applications to collaborate
across the entire procurement process, from sourcing and
orders to invoice and payment.

With SAP Ariba solutions, sellers can easily connect with buyers,
and more effectively manage both their sales cycle and cash
flow to grow their businesses. Innovations such as “guided
buying,” a set of capabilities embedded within the SAP Ariba
Buying and Invoicing solution, automatically leads users to the
goods and services they need to do their jobs. Guided buying
also leads employees through the purchase process in
compliance with company policies. More than 1 million users are
using guided buying to make procurement more simple,
efficient, and intelligent.

The Ariba Network light account capability is a new, simple way
for companies to bring all of their suppliers onto Ariba Network,
where they can collaborate on purchase orders, invoices, and
more, free of charge and without any limits on the number of
documents exchanged. To date, more than 185,000 purchase
orders and invoices worth over US$40 billion in spend are
managed using the service.

Additionally, the SAP Ariba Supplier Risk solution automatically
provides companies with a complete view of their exposure to
risk across their supply chain. Companies can then make more
timely, contextual, and accurate business decisions and build
global supply chains that are more responsible, sustainable, and
inclusive.

SAP Concur Solutions

With close to 50 million users worldwide, SAP Concur solutions
are the world’s leading travel and expense management
software. They help companies of all sizes and stages go beyond
automation to a completely connected spend management
system that encompasses travel, expense, invoice, compliance,
and risk. New solutions include Concur Locate, an integrated
traveler risk management solution. During times of crisis and
uncertainty, Concur Locate enables businesses to find vital
information and communicate it with employees. Concur
Hipmunk, an expense solution built on Hipmunk’s technology,
gives small businesses the basic tools, access, and visibility they
need to manage their travel expenses.

Customer Experience

SAP Hybris Solutions

SAP Hybris offers cloud-based products that run front-office
functions across customer experience, commerce, marketing,
sales, services, and billing. It can be used for business-to-
business and business-to-consumer operations to deliver
contextual, consistent, and relevant experiences throughout the
customer journey.

Our commerce function helps businesses deliver retail services
across all channels, in-store or online, via mobile device or a
desktop. The customer relationship management and marketing
function monitors, manages, and optimizes how the business
engages with customers, whatever device they use to shop.
Ready-to-use artificial intelligence (Al) and machine learning
scenarios are integrated into SAP Hybris standard software.
Examples include the SAP Brand Impact application for the
precise measurement of brand exposure and value in SAP
Hybris Marketing Cloud, as well as functionality to help sales
executives evaluate deal opportunities at a glance in the SAP
Hybris Sales Cloud solution. The SAP Hybris Revenue Cloud
solution is designed to help companies rapidly deploy highly
innovative offers and effective sales processes in an agile,
flexible, and scalable environment.

SAP Digital Business Services

SAP offers an entire portfolio of services and support designed
to help our customers maximize the value of their SAP solutions
and to realize the full potential of innovation. We empower
customer success, built on SAP’s 45 years of delivery
experience across 25 industries. Our people, processes, and
platform help our customers to achieve digital transformation,
enabling them to differentiate through innovation and produce
exceptional business outcomes.

n 2017, SAP Digital Business Services embarked on a major
portfolio simplification process. This work resulted in a portfolio
ramework that groups our SAP Digital Business Services
products into three categories:

— Premium engagements
— Services
— Continuous customer success

These services and support products are underpinned by our
collaborative platform, advisory services that provide customers
with intelligent guidance, and the SAP ecosystem.

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 69
Premium Engagements

SAP MaxAttention is the most exclusive and closest customer
partnership with SAP. As the highest engagement level
throughout the software lifecycle, this customized, on-site
engagement orchestrates all SAP experts to work with our
customers to innovate, develop ideas, and accelerate their
digital transformation. It enables our customers to simplify their
IT operations and optimize operations.

The SAP ActiveEmbedded service encompasses a similar level
of premium engagement but is designed to support smaller
businesses requiring less intensive interaction.

Services

Depending on the needs of the customer, we may offer advisory
and implementation services separately, or package them
together to deliver defined business outcomes.

Advisory Services

Advisory services create and realize new opportunities. We
guide customers throughout the innovation process, focusing
on creating economic, social, and environmental impact.

Recent innovations in our advisory services include SAP
Leonardo Innovation Services.

Implementation Services

Implementation and migration services help companies realize
the benefits of our products and solutions faster and safer when
deploying SAP technology. In 2017, we innovated in the following
areas:

— The SAP Value Assurance program, our systematic
approach to accelerating implementation while minimizing
risk. Customers and partners have access to best practices,
methodologies, and tools, as well as deep technology
expertise to accelerate the implementation of SAP S/AHANA
and SAP BW/4HANA. It is available in packages depending
on the level of service required, simplifying each phase of the
implementation to ensure solutions are resilient, sustainable,
and flexible.

— SAP Model Company, an accelerator service created from
best practices gathered in our digital transformation projects.
SAP Model Company provides a preconfigured, ready-to-run
reference solution with business content, accelerators, and
engineered services for multiple industries or LoBs. It
provides the fundamental building blocks for an industry or
LoB solution, helping customers accelerate deployment and
digital transformation.

Continuous Customer Success

We want to enable our customers to succeed, so we help drive
adoption of our products and facilitate business continuity with
services and support. We deliver success plans to accelerate

time to value from SAP technology. Our support offerings are
the foundation of customer success plans, and are embedded in
all cloud solutions from SAP and for on-premise installations.

SAP Enterprise Support

Providing a seamless end-to-end customer support experience
across all products and solutions, our flagship SAP Enterprise
Support offering is embedded in all relevant cloud subscriptions
from SAP and offered as an option for on-premise systems.

SAP Preferred Success

The SAP Preferred Success plan focuses on advanced support,
learning, and empowerment for administrators and end users. It
also includes resources to drive cloud adoption and
consumption. It is currently available for SAP S/4HANA, public
cloud edition; SAP SuccessFactors solutions; and the SAP
Hybris Cloud for Customer solution.

Our SAP ONE Support approach ensures our customers enjoy
the same support experience across their entire portfolio of SAP
products. In addition, the Next-Generation Support approach
enables us to anticipate customer needs, accelerate their path
to getting accurate answers when they need them, and offering
expert help at their fingertips.

Collaboration Platform and
Intelligent Guidance

Complementing the skills of our people, we use technology
internally and externally to support customer success.

SAP Solution Manager

SAP Solution Manager helps customers manage their SAP
products throughout the entire solution lifecycle, providing
support for all SAP solutions and integrated third-party
software, for both on-premise and cloud implementations. It
enables customers to collaborate with SAP and to monitor and
manage their existing applications, as well as new innovation
projects that can be managed from conception to deployment. It
builds a single source of the truth into one, user-friendly solution
that helps customers jump-start SAP implementation projects
with predefined content, thereby minimizing business risk.

SAP has developed tools and related services in response to our
customers’ requests for more targeted guidance. These include:

— SAP Innovation and Optimization Pathfinder, a service that
recommends new SAP innovations, business process
improvements, and IT optimizations tailor-made for each
business, based on the way the core SAP ERP system is
being used. Available for customers in maintenance, SAP
Innovation and Optimization Pathfinder helps them
strengthen the relationship with their internal business
departments by prioritizing areas of innovation and
optimization.

70 Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services
— SAP Transformation Navigator, a self-service tool that
identifies the SAP products and services already being used
by the customer, and recommends new products and
services that would benefit the customers’ business and IT
strategies. It is designed to answer the key questions SAP
customers have about which innovations they need to bring
into their organization, in what order, during what
timeframes, and the business value and outcomes they can
expect. SAP Transformation Navigator also provides
information about integration, transformation services, and
licenses.

— SAP Readiness Check, our latest tool to help prepare
businesses for an SAP S/4HANA deployment. The easy-to-
use cloud-based tool provides answers to the questions of

compatibility, relevance, system requirements, and business

impacts that customers may have regarding implementation
of SAP S/4HANA. The tool removes the complexity of
planning and discovery tasks that are required to prepare
businesses for their transformation to SAP S/4HANA.

Ecosystem

Extending Our Reach Through a
Broad Ecosystem

Our extensive ecosystem and partner network extends our
reach in the marketplace. Our vibrant ecosystem is made up of
more than 17,000 partners worldwide that build, sell, service,
and run SAP solutions and technology to customers from
businesses large and small. Our partner ecosystem is a vital
driver for SAP, especially in the SME sector.

Through the power of partnership and co-innovation, our
partner ecosystem helps drive the bulk of SAP’s presence
among the small businesses and midsize companies that make
up more than 80% percent of SAP customers. In addition,
partners are responsible for the more than 55,000 customers
using SAP Business One. Overall, having a robust and vibrant
partner ecosystem is vital for SAP’s growth and success;
partners are key allies in bringing awareness of SAP solutions
and technology to the marketplace. They also help SAP break
into new markets, for instance, with SAP Leonardo and SAP
Cloud Platform, as well as leverage new technologies such as
artificial intelligence, blockchain, and 3D to deliver successful
business outcomes for customers.

Investment in R&D

SAP's strong commitment to R&D is reflected in our
expenditures (see figure below).

Research and Development (IFRS)

€ millions | change since previous year

3,352
2.845 3,044
2,282 2,331
7%
1% 2% oN
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

In 2017, our IFRS R&D expenses as a portion of total operating
expenses remained stable at 18.0% compared to the prior year.
Our non-IFRS R&D expense ratio remained stable at 18.4% year
over year. At the end of 2017, our total full-time equivalent (FTE)
headcount in development work was 24,872 (2016: 23,363).
easured in FTEs, our R&D headcount was 28% of total
headcount (2016: 28%).

Total R&D expense not only includes our own personnel costs
but also the external cost of work and services from the
providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver and
enhance our products. We also incur external costs for the
ollowing:

Translating, localizing, and testing products

— Obtaining certification for products in different markets
— Patent attorney services and fees

Consulting related to our product strategy

Professional development of our R&D workforce

Patents

SAP actively seeks intellectual property protection for
innovations and proprietary information. Our software
innovations continue to strengthen our market position as a
leader in business solutions and services. Our investment in
R&D has resulted in numerous patents. As at December 31,
2017, SAP held a total of more than 8,852 validated patents
worldwide. Of these, 845 were granted and validated in 2017.

While our intellectual property is important to our success, we
believe our business as a whole is not dependent on any
particular patent or a combination of patents.

Combined Management Report | Products, Research & Development, and Services 71
Security, Privacy, and Data Protection

Meeting Today’s Data
Protection Challenges

Every day, organizations around the world trust SAP with their
data — either on their own premises, in the cloud, or using mobile
devices while on the move. Our customers need to know that we
will keep that data safe, process it ina manner that complies
with local legislation, and protect it from malicious use.

For this reason, data protection and IT security are of
paramount importance to us. We have implemented safeguards
to help protect the fundamental rights of everyone whose data is
processed by SAP, whether they are our customers, prospects,
employees, or partners. In addition, we work towards
compliance with all relevant legal requirements for data
protection. Our global security officer and our data protection
officer report to the SAP chief technology officer and the SAP
chief financial officer (CFO) respectively and monitor the
compliance of all activities in these areas.

Furthermore, SAP has established a formal security governance
model. Relevant security topics are discussed at Executive
Board level at least six times each year, during steering
meetings attended by single or multiple board members. To
meet and ensure consistent data protection compliance, our
CFO and our data protection officer meet at least on a monthly
basis. Furthermore, our compliance status related to data
protection has been an inherent part of many Supervisory Board
meetings.

Facing Increasing Risks in IT
Security

Safeguarding data is an increasingly challenging task today.
Companies are collecting and storing more data than ever
before from more varied sources. Data now proliferates outside
the four walls of businesses with multiple endpoints exposed
and vulnerable to attack. Moreover, the sheer number of and the
sophistication of attacks facing businesses are at an all-time
high. We are seeing the “commercialization of hacking”, while
new advanced persistent threats can bypass many traditional
security protection techniques.

Establishing a Comprehensive
Security Vision

For SAP and for our customers, security means more than just
addressing compliance demands. Companies need to be

proactive when securing business-critical data and core
information assets. Up-to-date security mechanisms, such as
authentication, authorization, and encryption, serve as a first
line of defense. To secure the SAP software landscape, we offer
a comprehensive portfolio of security products, services, and
secure support as well as security consulting. These offerings
help our customers build security, data protection, and privacy
capabilities into their businesses.

Our comprehensive portfolio includes sophisticated
authentication and authorization tools and solutions for
governance, risk, and compliance. In addition, we offer
integrated tools for efficiently scanning and testing source code
written in ABAP and solutions that enable organizations to
detect system anomalies and react before damage can be done.
As well as offering solutions from our security portfolio to our
customers, SAP also runs the software internally.

Several of our security measures extend across all sectors of
our company and thus to all of our products and services. These
measures include, among other things, the regular training of
our employees on IT security, data protection, and privacy,
including the handling of confidential information and ensuring
controlled and restrictive access to customer information. In
addition, we have developed a three-pronged strategy focusing
on the security of our products, operations, and organization:

Secure Products Strategy: Championing Product
Security

Businesses use SAP applications to process mission-critical
transactional data that can be highly attractive to cyber
attackers. Our secure products strategy focuses on
incorporating security features into our applications to minimize
the risk of a security breach.

Our secure software development lifecycle is at the heart of this
strategy. It provides a comprehensive methodological approach
for incorporating security features and capabilities into our
applications. Before a release decision is made, our software is
assessed and validated by internal IT security experts. The
development team then addresses any recommendations made
by these security experts before we release the application.

This approach conforms to the ISO/IEC 27034 standard for
application security and is closely embedded into our ISO 9001-
certified process framework for developing standard software.

72 Combined Management Report | Security, Privacy, and Data Protection
Secure Operations Strategy: Running Secure
Operations

Our secure operations strategy focuses on the security
principles of “confidentiality, integrity, and availability” to
support overall protection of our business, as well as our
customers’ businesses. Our mission is to provide a
comprehensive end-to-end IT operations security framework —
from system and data access, and system security
configuration to security patch management, security
monitoring, and end-to-end incident handling. This involves the
implementation of key security measures across all layers,
including physical access and process-integrated controls.

Furthermore, our secure operations approach concentrates on
the early identification of deviations from the standards defined
in our security framework. Deviations are identified through a
combination of automated and manual reviews which are
performed by third parties as well as SAP employees.

Industry best-practice certifications are key success factors for
our secure operations strategy. Many of our cloud solutions
undergo Service Organization Control (SOC) audits ISAE3402,
SSAE16 SOC | Type II, and SSAE16 SOC II Type Il. The SOC
standards are harmonized with a number of ISO certifications
including ISO 9001, 27001, and 22301.

In 2017, we also launched our SAP Cloud Trust Center site. Here,

customers can find information about how SAP provides
security, privacy, and compliance in the cloud.

Secure Company Strategy: Taking a Holistic
Approach to the Security of Our Business

At SAP, we take a holistic approach to the security of our
company, encompassing processes, technology, and
employees. At the heart of our secure company strategy is an
information security management system and a security
governance model that brings together different aspects of
security. These include the following three main areas:

- Security culture: Awareness and compliance with our
security policy and standards are fostered through regular
mandatory training, assessments, and reporting.

— Secure environments: Comprehensive physical security
measures are in place to ensure the security of our data
centers and development sites so that we can protect
buildings and facilities effectively.

— Business continuity: A corporate continuity framework
aimed at having robust governance in place at all times is
reviewed on an annual basis to adapt to new or changed
business needs.

Complying with Data Protection
and Privacy Legislation

When processing data about employees, applicants, customers,
suppliers, and partners, SAP respects and protects their right to
data protection and privacy while implementing appropriate
security measures. We develop and support our data protection
and privacy strategy in accordance with our business strategy.

To comply with applicable data protection laws, SAP has
adopted a global data protection and privacy policy. It outlines a
Group-wide minimum standard for handling personal data in
compliance with data protection and privacy laws. The policy
defines requirements for all operational processes that affect
the processing of or access to personal data, as well as
providing clear responsibilities and organizational structures.
We actively monitor changes to applicable laws and regulations
so that we can update our standards on an ongoing basis.

SAP is committed to ensuring compliance with the harmonized
European data protection law, the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), which will be applicable as of May 25, 2018.
Weare also developing our products to support our customers
in applying GDPR requirements.

We have implemented a wide range of measures to protect data
controlled by SAP and SAP customers from unauthorized
access and processing, as well as from accidental loss or
destruction. These include, among others, the implementation
of our data protection management system (DPMS) in areas
critical to data protection. This system is certified on a yearly
basis by the British Standards Institute. Initially implemented at
our global support organization, the DPMS has been
successively rolled out and is now implemented in almost all
areas and countries at SAP and will be introduced in all acquired
companies.

In 2017, SAP did not experience any significant incidents within
the scope of processing personal data — for its own purposes or
on behalf of its customers — that are subject to the provisions of
the German Federal Data Protection Act or other applicable data
protection laws.

Combined Management Report | Security, Privacy, and Data Protection 73
Customers

>378,000

customers around the world

Continuing to Build Strong
Customer Relationships

Customer loyalty is one of our four corporate objectives, along
with growth, profitability, and employee engagement. We
measure customer loyalty based on a Net Promoter Score
(NPS) approach which uses a range from -100% to +100%. In
2017, our combined on-premise and cloud Customer Net
Promoter Score (Customer NPS) was +17.8% (2016: +19.2%).
We completed the elimination of differences in the survey
approach that existed in one of our acquired entities (where a
year-over-year NPS comparison is not possible because of the
change in survey approach).

While we continue to have a positive Customer NPS, we did not
reach our target of 25% in 2017. Based on customer feedback,
we continue to focus on helping customers choose the SAP
products that best support their business needs, simplifying
purchasing processes for customers, and making our products
easy and pleasing to use. With a sustained emphasis on
customer experience across the company, we are again
targeting a combined Customer NPS of 21% to 23% in 2018,
with our medium-term goal being 35% to 40% by 2020.

For more information about the Customer NPS, see the
Performance Management System section.

Continuing Strong Customer
Demand

Companies continue to turn to our software to help their digital
transformation. In 2017, customers licensed or subscribed to
the full range of SAP software, from comprehensive solutions for
large enterprises to the latest mobile apps.

Our examples by region include the following customers:

North America and Latin

America (Americas) Region

— Aldo Group, a Canadian retailer, and SAP engaged ina
workshop on the SAP Leonardo digital innovation system at

74

17.8%

Customer Net Promoter Score 2017

the SAP Leonardo Center in New York, bringing together
CxO-level leaders of the Aldo team, SAP experts, and leading
academics. Using design thinking techniques, the team
developed a long list of new and creative digital
transformation strategies to address Aldo’s business
priorities. Aldo will take these ideas, test them through
controlled execution in real-world conditions, and iterate
innovations in collaboration with SAP to help them increase
scale and business value.

Citrosuco, a leading supplier in the global orange juice
market based in Brazil, turned to SAP as a partner in its
digital transformation journey. Citrosuco has an ambitious
innovation plan that includes the latest technology from the
SAP Leonardo loT for SAP Vehicle Insights system (SAP
Vehicle Insights now available as SAP Moving Assets),
together with SAP S/4HANA and the full range of the SAP
Supply Chain Management application. The combination of
SAP solutions will enable better planning based on demand,
and the ability to connect farms to manufacturing sites for an
orchestrated process that will also optimize transportation
logistics worldwide. In addition, the company has acquired
SAP Ariba, SAP SuccessFactors, SAP Hybris, and SAP
Fieldglass solutions to manage its human resources,
suppliers, e-commerce, vendors, and external workforce.
Duke Energy, a U.S. energy company, chose SAP S/4HANA
for energy utilities and SAP Hybris Cloud for Service solutions
to help them transform how they serve their customers. By
combining four legacy billing systems onto a single customer
service-centric platform, Duke Energy can easily provide a
high-touch, personalized experience while driving
efficiencies, consistency, and visibility across the
organization.

Google and its parent company, Alphabet Inc., have chosen
to work with SAP to drive operational excellence in treasury
and IT asset management by implementing these functions
on SAP S/4HANA software running on Google Cloud. Google
expects improved efficiency in finance operations and
greater transparency through real-time insights. At
SAPPHIRE NOW in May, SAP announced the expansion of our
co-innovation partnership with Google to deliver integrated
cloud solutions for our customers on Google Cloud.

Combined Management Report | Customers
— Sancor Cooperativa de Seguros Ltda, a leading insurance

company in Argentina with operations in Brazil, Uruguay, and
Paraguay, purchased SAP S/4HANA software and the SAP
HANA Enterprise Cloud service to advance its digital
transformation strategy and to support its domestic and
international expansion. With the goal of drastically reducing
its use of paper, and making data from its core system readily
available for consulting, management, and decision-making,
the SAP solutions will allow Sancor to track processes
ranging from claims to policy renewals in real time, and to
integrate transactions.

Component and the SAP Transportation Management
application as its main ERP system. The successful
implementation of this project enabled the SEBANG Group to
become a company that is well-integrated, united, and
aligned internally, while staying competitive and presenting a
united front to the customer. Using SAP Transportation
anagement as a process model will facilitate growth in
verall performance through more customer management
pplications, improved customer service, and improved new
roduct and service innovation processes and applications,
lowing the company to achieve market efficiency.

» oO 9 O

Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Region
— China International Marine Containers Co. Ltd. (CIMC) is a

leading logistics, energy equipment, and service supplier.
CIMC chose SAP S/4HANA software as a foundation for

Europe, Middle East, and Africa
(EMEA) Region

— Al-Futtaim, a large conglomerate comprised of automotive,

innovation in smart manufacturing and Industry 4.0. Through
accelerated digital transformation, CIMC hopes to become
the industry lighthouse in China that is aligned with the
state’s “Belt and Road” initiative as well as “Made in China
2025.”

Hanon Systems is a full-line supplier of automotive thermal
and energy management solutions. The design thinking
engagement with SAP helped Hanon Systems rapidly
prototype a solution for its people to more effectively manage
reporting and data checks to enable more time for strategic
decisions and faster responses. The South Korean company
is launching its Digital Manufacturing Performance initiative
utilizing machine learning in one of its European plants to
streamline floor operations and gain insights into machine
availability, performance, effectiveness and quality.

Ningbo Economic & Technical Development Zone Holding
Co. Ltd. (NETD) operates public utilities businesses in
logistics, real estate, financial investment, and environmental
protection in China. Through the implementation of SAP
Leonardo, SAP S/4HANA, and SAP SuccessFactors
solutions, it is building a Smart Manufacturing Innovation
Center in Ningbo to speed up the development of intelligent
manufacturing. This will support NETD's strategic plan — to
help the local government provide better services in Zhejiang
Province and to expand to the whole of China in the future.
Pricerite Stores Ltd. is the leading home-furnishing retailer
in Hong Kong, including brands such as TMF Company Ltd.,
the largest chain store offering tailor-made furniture to local
homes and families. They chose the SAP Hybris Cloud for
Customer and SAP Hybris Marketing Cloud solutions to gain
a 360-degree view of their customers. Both Pricerite and
TMF will use these solutions to understand their customers’
interests and motivations, so that they can identify real-time
marketing opportunities and develop personalized marketing
experiences.

SEBANG Express, a South Korea-based company engaged in
the logistics business, has been operating SAP ERP Central

Combined Management Report | Customers

retail and property development, and engineering and
technology businesses in the United Arab Emirates, moves to
the cloud by integrating SAP SuccessFactors Employee
Central with SAP Concur solutions. It will also leverage the
SAP Leonardo digital innovation system to transform
facilities management into “energy as a service” and reduce
energy costs at its properties over the next five years. Al
Futtaim plans to implement an energy management solution
with loT on SAP Cloud Platform, enabling scale to future
properties.

Centrica, a multinational energy and services company
based in the United Kingdom, has confirmed its commitment
to SAP by extending its solution footprint to include SAP
Hybris, SAP Ariba, and SAP Digital Boardroom solutions. We
have also joined forces to develop an energy loT solution,
integrating sensors and machine learning algorithms running
on SAP Leonardo loT technologies. SAP S/4HANA Cloud will
also act as Centrica’s digital core, connecting the enterprise
with these loT initiatives.

ifm electronic GmbH, a German vendor of automation
technology, has chosen SAP Cloud Platform and the SAP loT
Application Enablement toolkit to get more real-time
information from each piece of equipment on the shop floor.
ifm is building its own sensor platform for real-time
maintenance, energy data management, and Big Data
analysis through ifm dashboards, as well as building
innovative, data-driven applications (positioned as ifm
Sensor Cloud).
innogy SE is a leading German energy company with the
three business segments of grid and infrastructure, retail,
and renewables. To be prepared for the future, innogy has
chosen the SAP S/4HANA Finance solution, SAP Predictive
Analytics software, SAP BusinessObjects BI suite, and the
SAP Business Planning and Consolidation application to set
up anew ERP system. innogy will use the digital core as the
new platform for its management support and operations
and maintenance processes.

75
— Mercadona, the market leader for grocery retail in Spain, has
chosen SAP to help move their business into the cloud. They
will adopt SAP offerings to enable their end-to-end digital

ransformation, implementing a broad set of SAP software

(including SAP S/4HANA and SAP SuccessFactors solutions)

on the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. This

ransformation will simplify company processes and the IT
andscape, and help the company meet agile business
requirements faster than ever. Mercadona and SAP have
established a long-term partnership based on trust, which will
help build a fully integrated SAP platform.

Combined Management Report | Customers

76
Performance Management System

We use various performance measures to manage our
performance with regard to our primary financial objectives,
which are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial
objectives, which are customer loyalty and employee
engagement. We view growth and profitability as indicators of
our current performance, while we see customer loyalty and
employee engagement as indicators of our future performance.

Measures We Use to Manage
Our Financial Performance

Measures We Use to Manage Our
Operating Financial Performance

In 2017, we used the following key measures to manage our
operating financial performance:

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS): This
revenue driver comprises the main revenues of our fast-growing
cloud business. We generate cloud subscriptions and support
revenue when we provide software functionality in a cloud-based
infrastructure (software as a service, or SaaS) to our customers;
when we provide our customers with access to a cloud-based
infrastructure to develop, run, and manage applications
(platform as a service, or PaaS); and also when we provide
hosting services for software hosted by SAP (infrastructure as a
service, or laaS). Cloud subscriptions and support revenue is
also generated by providing additional premium cloud
subscription support beyond the regular support that is
embedded in basic cloud subscription fees as well as by
providing business network services to our customers. We use
the cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS)
measure at both actual currencies and constant currencies.

Cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS): We use cloud and
software revenue (non-IFRS) expressed in both actual
currencies and constant currencies to measure our revenue
growth. Our cloud and software revenue includes cloud
subscriptions and support revenue plus software licenses and
support revenue. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue and
software revenue are our key revenue drivers because they tend
to affect our other revenue streams. Generally, customers that
buy software licenses also enter into related support contracts,
and these generate recurring revenue in the form of support
revenue after the software sale. Support contracts cover
standardized support services that comprise unspecified future
software updates and enhancements. Software licenses
revenue as well as cloud subscriptions and support revenue also

tend to stimulate services revenue, which is earned by providing
customers with professional services, premium engagement
services, training services, messaging services, and payment
services.

Total revenue (non-IFRS): We use nominal total revenue (non-
IFRS) and total revenue at constant currencies (non-IFRS) to
measure our growth. The total of cloud subscriptions and
support revenue and software support revenue divided by total
revenue is the share of more predictable revenue. This measure
provides additional insight into our sustained business success.

New cloud bookings: For our cloud activities, we also look at
new cloud bookings (both in actual currencies and constant
currencies). This measure reflects the committed order entry
from new customers and from incremental purchases by
existing customers for offerings that generate cloud
subscriptions and support revenue. In this way, it is an indicator
of cloud-related sales success in a given period and of secured
future cloud subscriptions and support revenue. We focus
primarily on the average contract value variant of the new cloud
bookings measure that generally takes into account annualized
amounts for contracts. There are no comparable IFRS measures
for these bookings metrics.

Cloud backlog: In addition to new cloud bookings, we use the
measure “cloud backlog” to evaluate our sales success in the
cloud business. We define cloud backlog as a measure that
represents the volume of business that, as of period end, is
contracted but not yet billed.

Operating profit (non-IFRS): We use operating profit (non-
IFRS) expressed in both actual currencies and constant
currencies to measure our overall operational process efficiency
and overall business performance.

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS):
We use our cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-
IFRS) to measure our process efficiency in our cloud business.
Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS) is the
ratio of our cloud subscriptions and support gross profit (non-
IFRS) to cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS),
expressed as a percentage.

Operating margin (non-IFRS): We use operating margin to
measure our overall operational efficiency. Operating margin
(non-IFRS) is the ratio of our operating profit (non-IFRS) to total
revenue (non-IFRS), expressed as a percentage.

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 77
Measures We Use to Manage Our
Non-Operating Financial
Performance

We use the following measures to manage our non-operating
financial performance:

Financial income, net: This measure provides insight into the
return on liquid assets and capital investments and the cost of
borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net, we focus
on cash flow, the composition of our liquid assets and capital
investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at which
assets are invested. We also monitor average outstanding
borrowings and associated finance costs.

Days Sales Outstanding (DSO): We manage working capital by
controlling the DSO of trade receivables. Days sales outstanding
measures the average number of days from the raised invoice to
cash receipt from the customer. We calculate DSO by dividing
the average invoiced trade receivables balance of the last 12
months by the average monthly cash receipt of the last 12
months.

Measures We Use to Manage Overall
Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our overall financial
performance:

Earnings per share (EPS) (IFRS and non-IFRS): EPS measures
our overall performance because it captures all operating and
non-operating elements of profit as well as income tax expense.
It represents the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP
share outstanding. EPS is influenced not only by our operating
and non-operating business and income taxes but also by the
number of shares outstanding.

Effective tax rate (IFRS and non-IFRS): We define our effective
tax rate as the ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax,
expressed as a percentage.

Operating, investing, and financing cash flows and free cash
flow: Our consolidated statement of cash flows provides insight
into how we generate and use cash and cash equivalents. When
applied in conjunction with the other primary financial
statements, it provides information that helps us evaluate the
changes in our net assets, our financial structure (including our
liquidity and solvency), and our ability to affect the amounts and
timing of cash flows to adapt to changing circumstances and
opportunities. We use our free cash flow measure to determine
the cash flow remaining after all expenditures required to
maintain or expand our organic business have been paid off.
This measure provides management with supplemental
information to assess our liquidity needs. We calculate free cash
flow as net cash from operating activities minus purchases

(other than purchases made in connection with business
combinations) of intangible assets and property, plant, and
equipment.

Measures We Use to Manage
Our Non-Financial Performance

In 2017, we used the following key measures to manage our non-
financial performance in the areas of customer loyalty,
employee engagement, and leadership trust:

Customer Net Promoter Score (Customer NPS): This score
measures the willingness of our customers to recommend or
promote SAP to others. It is derived from our annual customer
survey that identifies, on a scale of O-10, whether a customer is
loyal and likely to recommend SAP to friends or colleagues, is
neutral, or is unhappy. We introduced this measure in 2012, as
we are convinced that we can achieve our financial goals only
when our customers are loyal to, and satisfied with, SAP and our
solutions. To derive the Customer NPS, we start with the
percentage of “promoters” of SAP, that is, those giving us a
score of 9 or 10 ona scale of 0-10. We then subtract the
percentage of “detractors,” that is, those giving us a score of O
to 6. The method ignores “passives”, that is, those giving us a
score of 7 or 8. Consequently, the range of achievable scores is
-100 to +100, with the latter being the best achievable score for
customer loyalty as measured by the Customer NPS
methodology.

Employee Engagement Index: We use this index to measure the
motivation and loyalty of our employees, how proud they are of
our company, and how strongly they identify with SAP. The
index is derived from an annual survey of our employees.
Applying this measure is recognition that our growth strategy
depends on engaged employees.

Leadership Trust Score: We use this score to further enhance
accountability and to measure our collective effort to foster a
work environment based on trust. It is derived from a question in
our annual global employee survey that gauges employees’ trust
in our leaders. We measure leadership trust by using the same
methodology as we do to compute the Net Promoter Score
(NPS).

Value-Based Management

Our holistic view of the performance measures described above,
together with our associated analyses, comprises the
information we use for value-based management. We use
planning and control processes to manage the compilation of
these key measures and their availability to our decision-makers
across various management levels.

SAP’s long-term strategic plans are the point of reference for
our short-term and mid-term planning and controlling
processes. We initially identify future growth and profitability

78 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System
drivers at a highly aggregated level. In a first step, the resulting
financial plan is broken down into (i) our deployment models
“On Premise,” “Software as a Service/Platform as a Service,”
“Infrastructure as a Service,” and “Business Networks”; and (ii)
functions such as development, sales, and administration. Ina
second step, the planned total revenues and total expenses are
generally allocated to the areas of functional responsibility of the
individual members of the Executive Board (the board areas). If
a board area represents not only a functional department but
also has a responsibility for operating segments within this
board area (for example, SAP Business Network segment), the
allocation is done at the lower segment level. Budget
adjustments may be applied during the year to reflect changes
in priorities, to achieve efficiency targets and to reflect
endogenous and exogenous factors. Such budget adjustments,
as well as the Executive Board's performance assessment, are
handled at the board area level or at the lower level within a
board area if representing an operating segment as outlined
above. It is then the individual board member's responsibility to
break down the allocated budget adjustments. Based on an
integrated portfolio process running in parallel to the budgeting
process, we ensure aligned investment behavior across board
areas with regards to specific solutions or solution areas. Ina
final step, customer-facing revenue targets and cost of sales
and marketing targets are broken down into sales regions.

Based on our detailed annual plans, we determine the budget for
the respective year. We also have processes in place to forecast
revenue and profit on a quarterly basis, to quantify whether we
expect to realize our financial goals, and to identify any
deviations from plan. We continuously monitor the affected
units in the Group to analyze these developments and define any
appropriate actions. Our entire network of planning, control, and
reporting processes is implemented in integrated planning and
information systems, based on SAP software, across all
organizational units so that we can conduct the evaluations and
analyses needed to make informed decisions.

Non-IFRS Financial Measures
Cited in This Report
Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures

We disclose certain financial measures such as revenue (non-
IFRS), expense (non-IFRS), and profit measures (non-IFRS) that
are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are therefore
considered non-IFRS financial measures. Our non-IFRS financial
measures may not correspond to non-IFRS financial measures
that other companies report. The non-IFRS financial measures
that we report should only be considered in addition to, and not
as substitutes for, or superior to, our IFRS financial measures.

We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and
prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful
information to investors because management uses this

information, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance
with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our
past performance and our anticipated future results. We use
non-IFRS revenue and profit measures consistently in our
internal planning and forecasting, reporting, and compensation,
as well as in our external communications, as follows:

— Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures
rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial,
strategic, and operating decisions.

— The variable components of our Executive Board members’
and employees’ remuneration are based on revenue (non-
IFRS), operating profit (non-IFRS), as well as new cloud
bookings measures rather than the respective IFRS
measures.

— The annual budgeting process for all management units is
based on revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS)
numbers rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

— All forecast and performance reviews with all senior
managers globally are based on these non-IFRS measures,
rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

— Both our internal performance targets and the guidance we
provide to the capital markets are based on non-IFRS
revenue and profit measures rather than the respective IFRS
financial measures.

Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on
the items below, as well as adjustments for the related income
tax effects.

Revenue (Non-IFRS)

Non-IFRS revenue measures have been adjusted from the
respective IFRS financial measures by including the full amount
of software support revenue, cloud subscriptions and support
revenue, and other similarly recurring revenue that we are not
permitted to record as revenue under IFRS due to fair value
accounting for the contracts in effect at the time of the
respective acquisitions.

Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the
time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS software
support revenue, IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue,
IFRS cloud and software revenue, and IFRS total revenue for
periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect the full amount
of revenue that would have been recorded by entities acquired
by SAP had they remained stand-alone entities. Adjusting
revenue numbers for this revenue impact provides additional
insight into the comparability of our ongoing performance
across periods.

Operating Expense (Non-IFRS)

Operating expense numbers that are identified as operating
expenses (non-IFRS) have been adjusted by excluding the
following expenses:

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 79
— Acquisition-related charges
= Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles
acquired in business combinations and certain stand-
alone acquisitions of intellectual property (including
purchased in-process research and development)
= Settlements of preexisting business relationships in
connection with a business combination
= Acquisition-related third-party expenses
— Share-based payment expenses
— Restructuring expenses, that is, expenses resulting from
measures which comply with the definition of restructuring
according to IFRS.

We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the purpose
of calculating operating profit (non-IFRS), operating margin
(non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) when evaluating
SAP's continuing operational performance because these
expenses generally cannot be changed or influenced by
management after the relevant acquisition other than by
disposing of the acquired assets. Since management at levels
below the Executive Board does not influence these expenses,
we generally do not consider these expenses for the purpose of
evaluating the performance of management units. For similar
reasons, we eliminate share-based payment expenses as these
costs are impacted by share price developments and other
factors outside our control. We also eliminate restructuring
expenses because they are volatile and mostly cannot be
influenced by management at levels below the Executive Board.

Operating Profit (Non-IFRS), Operating
Margin (Non-IFRS), Effective Tax Rate
(Non-IFRS), and Earnings per Share (Non-
IFRS)

Operating profit, operating margin, effective tax rate, and
earnings per share identified as operating profit (non-IFRS),
operating margin (non-IFRS), effective tax rate (non-IFRS), and
earnings per share (non-IFRS) have been adjusted from the
respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the aforementioned
revenue (non-IFRS) and operating expenses (non-IFRS) and the
income tax effects thereon.

Constant Currencies Information

We believe it is important for investors to have information that
provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures determined
under IFRS provide information that is useful in this regard.
However, both sales volume and currency effects impact period-
over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not sell
standardized units of products and services, So we cannot
provide relevant information on sales volume by providing data
on the changes in product and service units sold. To provide
additional information that may be useful to investors in
breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we
present information about our revenue and various values and

components relating to operating profit that are adjusted for
foreign currency effects.

We calculate constant currencies measures by translating
foreign currencies using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period instead of the current period.

Free Cash Flow

Among other measures, we use free cash flow to manage our
overall financial performance.

Free Cash Flow

€ millions 2017 2016 Ain%
Net cash flows from operating 5,045 4,628 9
activities

Purchase of intangible assets and -1,275 -1,001 27
property, plant, and equipment

(without acquisitions)

Free cash flow 3770 3,627 4

Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors
for the following reasons:

— Our revenue (non-IFRS), expense (non-IFRS), and profit
(non-IFRS) measures, along with the “new cloud bookings”
and “cloud backlog” measures (see above) provide investors
with insight into management's decision making because
management uses these measures to run our business and
make financial, strategic, and operating decisions. We include
the revenue adjustments outlined above and exclude the
expense adjustments outlined above when making decisions
to allocate resources. In addition, we use these non-IFRS
measures to facilitate comparisons of SAP’s operating
performance from period to period.

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional
information that enables a comparison of year-over-year
operating performance by eliminating certain direct effects of
acquisitions, share-based compensation plans, and
restructuring plans.

— Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the
software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS
measures may facilitate comparison with our competitors’
corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures.

Limitations of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described
above have limitations including but not limited to the following:

— Without being analyzed in conjunction with the
corresponding IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are

80 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System
not indicative of our present and future performance,

foremost for the following reasons:

= While our profit (non-IFRS) numbers reflect the
elimination of certain acquisition-related expenses, no
eliminations are made for the additional revenue or other
income that results from the acquisitions.

= While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the
acquired entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not
adjust for the fair value accounting of deferred
compensation items that result from commissions paid to
the acquired company's sales force and third parties for
closing the respective customer contracts.

= The acquisition-related amortization expense that we
eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers is a
recurring expense that will impact our financial
performance in future years.

= The remaining acquisition-related charges that we
eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are
likely to recur should SAP enter into material business
combinations in the future. Similarly, the restructuring
expenses that we eliminate in deriving our profit (non-
IFRS) numbers are likely to recur should SAP perform
restructurings in the future.

= The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of
the acquired entities’ contracts and the expense
adjustment for acquisition-related charges do not arise
from acommon conceptual basis. This is because the
revenue adjustment aims to improve the comparability of
the initial post-acquisition period with future post-
acquisition periods, while the expense adjustment aims to
improve the comparability between post-acquisition
periods and pre-acquisition periods. This should
particularly be considered when evaluating our operating
profit (non-IFRS) and operating margin (non-IFRS)
numbers as these combine our revenue (non-IFRS) and
expenses (non-IFRS) despite the absence of acommon
conceptual basis.

= Our restructuring charges resulted in significant cash
outflows in the past and could do so in the future. The
same applies to our share-based payment expense
because most of our share-based payments are settled in
cash rather than shares.

= The valuation of our cash-settled share-based payments
could vary significantly from period to period due to the
fluctuation of our share price and other parameters used
in the valuation of these plans.

= Inthe past, we have issued share-based payment awards
to our employees every year and we intend to continue
doing so in the future. Thus, our share-based payment
expenses are recurring although the amounts usually
change from period to period.

We believe that constant currencies measures have limitations,
particularly as the currency effects that are eliminated

constitute a significant element of our revenue and expenses
and could materially impact our performance. Therefore, we
limit our use of constant currencies measures to the analysis of
changes in volume as one element of the full change in a
financial measure. We do not evaluate our results and
performance without considering both constant currencies and
nominal measures of revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit
(non-IFRS) measures on the one hand, and changes in revenue,
operating expenses, operating profit, or other measures of
financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS on the
other. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a
similar approach by considering nominal and constant
currencies non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a
substitute for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating
expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial
performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of our
non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures,
together with the relevant reconciliations, provide useful
information to management and investors regarding present
and future business trends relating to our financial condition and
results of operations.

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 81
Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for the Years Ended
December 31

Due to rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in the following table might not precisely equal the totals we provide.

€ millions, unless otherwise stated 2017 2016

IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Non-IFRS IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS
Impact Constant
Currency

15,781 207 15,988 15,431
19,552 267 19,819 18,424
3,911 34 3,946 3,638

vnClQuS subscriptions and support 3,769.
ne OTE WATE ICONS nnn ee nn
ss - 2)
Software licenses and support 15,780
Cloud and software 19,549
Services 3,911

Total revenue 23,461

Software support

iwlo|wloioioin:
in lolalwininin:

Cost of services 166
Total cost of revenue -7,051 589
on GtOSS profit nnn, Se LOO] i a BO ut OBL
oo
eC) a a ee
we SE emer meme: freee <A
1 meee Op ene en A D

Cost of cloud subscriptions and support =

mm 2 O5t Of software licenses and support I

Cost of cloud and software

Research and development

Sales and marketing

General and administration

Restructuring

Other operating income/expense, net 1 0 1
Total operating expenses -18,584 1,889 -16,694 -151 -16,845 -16,928 1,494 -15,434

Profit numbers

Operating profit

Other non-operating income/expense, net -36

Finance costs -278

Financial income, net 185
Profit before tax 5,026

Income tax expense -970

Attributable to owners of parent 4,018 1,300 5,318

Attributable to non-controlling interests 38 0 38

Key ratios
Operating margin (in %) 23.3 30.1
Effective tax rate (in %) 25.3 26.8

82 Combined Management Report | Performance Management System
Non-IFRS Adjustments by Functional Areas

€ millions 2017 2016

IFRS Acqui- SBP” Restruc- Non-IFRS IFRS Acqui- SBP” Restructuring Non-
sition- turing sition- IFRS
Related Related

307 115 0) -3,471 -3,495 395 89 0 -3,010

Cost of cloud and
SOWA a usttnnnnnnns te peer eeesereeereerereceeyPperrerececeeeeerr erereceeeresee eessseeunsees snseetaseetussestanees snseeeunseeunsseeuseeeuneseiaas saseetnsseeuasetans
ao) oo) od a le 101 9

Research and ll 269 10 190
DEVELOP EE csaessnutunnntnnsunnns ntnnnstnnnetnnes etnnntnnntnnsesennietnnsnnvettnnntnnnnnniinnntns ennntnnseennntnannstnnnitnnetnnsitnvntnnneene etnnntnnnstnnninnnee nnn

258 442 0) 257 292 fe)

General and 3 135 6 113 fe) -886
DOIMIMISE AION cu sseseennnnnnnsiessnueennnnnnniesnnnnecnnnnnnsnuneueennnntnnnnnusennnnnnsee sunnseennnnne nnnnnennnnnns nnnneenenisinnnnnnesennnnnniinisnnnnnnsete

Restructuring -182 0 0 182 0 -28 0 0 28 0

Other operating 1 0 0 0 1 -3 0 0 0 -3

income/expense, net

Total operating -18,584 587 1,120 182 -16,694 -16,928 680 785 28 -15,434
eRe eS a csareuteceeess ee ee ee

Cost of services

Sales and marketing

» Share-based payments

Combined Management Report | Performance Management System 83
Employees and Social Investments

88,543

Employees at SAP
(in FTEs)

79%

Business Health
Culture Index

Driving Customer Success with
the Best Talent in the Market

Our people are key in helping our customers to successfully
drive their digital transformation. We are fully committed to
enabling our employees to grow their skills at every stage of
their career at SAP.

Our human resources (HR) strategy focuses on creating a
workplace that can attract and retain the best talent in the
market. Using our own cloud technology and following our core
principle of Run Simple, we transform the way we hire, develop,
and retain our people. At the same time, our HR strategy allows
us to create a culture at SAP that can successfully deal with the
agility and scope of a digital workplace driven by purpose. This
culture inspires innovation, leads change, and ultimately creates
employee satisfaction. Our HR team stays focused on delivering
seamless employee experiences by following three guiding
principles: simplification, standardization, and consumer
satisfaction for applicants, employees, and managers.

Listening to Our People

The People Survey 2017 results are very positive. One of our
most important survey dimensions, the Employee Engagement
Index (EEl), remained very strong at 85%. For 2018 through to
2020, we aim to keep our Employee Engagement Index between
84% and 86%.

85%

Employee Engagement
Index

Employee Engagement Index

Percent
85 85
82
79
77
2013 2014 2015* 2016 2017

*The EEI score for 2015 was recalculated from 81% to 82%
based on updated questions.

In 2018, we will continue with two focus topics: simplification
and innovation. In both areas, we see great improvements based
on numerous initiatives that have been kicked off (e.g. Run
Simple at SAP, The Innovation Roundtable). The overall
Simplification score, which is based on various questions
speaking to internal and external processes, improved by 3
percentage points to 57%, continuing the positive trend since
2015. The overall Innovation score improved by a strong 5
percentage points to 80%.

Additionally, also our Business Health Culture Index (BHCI)
increased, which shows that we are sustainably developing our
organization. The BHCI assesses the degree to which our
workplace culture supports people's well-being, work-life
balance, and organizational health. The positive trend of the
BHCI continued with a score of 79% (2016: 78%).

84 Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments
Business Health Culture Index

Percent
78 79
75
72
67
2013 2014* 2015 2016 2017

*The BHCI score for 2014 was recalculated based on updated
questions.

Getting the Best Talent

While staying focused on a diverse workforce spanning different
generations, “early talent” hires (people with professional
experience of up to two years) continued to be a key priority. In
2017, approximately 25% of our external hires fell into this
category. To help attract this talent, we successfully launched a
new recruitment campaign involving SAP employees. Featuring
the slogan, “Bring everything you are. Become everything you
want.”, the campaign explores what success means to our
people.

In 2017, SAP received 281 global and local awards for diversity,
inclusion, employer attractiveness, and people satisfaction.

Collaborating with Educational
Institutions

SAP works closely with over 3,300 universities on events,
executive lectures, office visits, competitions, student club
sponsorships, and Webinars to recruit top students and
graduates and to integrate the latest SAP technologies into
teaching. In addition, we sponsor several technical competitions
(for example, SAP InnoJam) and diversity conferences (for
example, Grace Hopper Celebration) that enable us to meet
outstanding candidates.

In 2017, more than 1,000 students were enrolled in our global
vocational training program. After completing their studies, 85%
of these students stayed with SAP.

Developing Careers

At SAP, we continue to invest in the professional development of
all our people. In 2017, we focused on our career path for
experts, who offer specialized expertise, drive innovation, and
support our strategy to run better. The expert career path is

offered in parallel to our manager development track. We also
successfully piloted two flagship programs for experts.

Based on a successful early-adopter initiative in 2016, we also
rolled out the SAP Talk approach globally in 2017. This approach
fosters a continuous dialog and on-going feedback on
professional development between managers and employees.
Results from a survey in August 2017 showed that our people
are already embracing this new philosophy.

By investing in professional development, we stay focused on
staff retention. Our overall retention rate in 2017 was 94.6%
compared to 94.3% in 2016 (recalculated as per new definition).
We define retention as the ratio of the average number of
employees minus the employees who voluntarily departed, to
the average number of employees (all in full-time equivalents or
FTEs). In 2017, we modified our definition of “voluntarily
departing employees” used in calculating the retention rate.
Under our new definition, employees who depart under
restructuring plans are not considered voluntary departures
even if their departure is the result of the employee's decision to
accept an offer of benefits in exchange for the termination of
employment. Prior period numbers have been adjusted to
reflect this change in definition.

The average tenure with SAP remains at a high level (7.2 years in
2017 and 6.9 years in 2016). The high loyalty of our people is a
true testimony of SAP being an employer of choice.

Engaging Our People Through
Impactful Leadership

Building trust in leaders is a key ingredient for continuously high
employee engagement. By the end of 2017, 58.9% of leaders at
SAP completed our flagship leadership development program.
In 2017, leadership trust continued to improve, with a Net
Promoter Score (NPS) of 61% (2016: 57%).

Making Learning a Great
Experience for Everyone

We make high-quality learning opportunities easily accessible to
all employees through our cloud-based learning management
system, based on SAP SuccessFactors solutions. In 2017, we
provided 1,136,978 courses (without compliance trainings) to
84.7% of our employees.

Self-paced online programs that include language learning, as
well as technical and soft-skills training courses are open to all
employees. Our innovative peer-to-peer learning portfolio
encompasses coaching, mentoring, job shadowing, and
facilitation opportunities.

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments 85
C
D

reating a Workplace that
rives Innovation, Performance,

and Engagement

The following benefits and activities are paramount in
maintaining an attractive workplace:

86

SAP share purchase program: Own SAP is a share purchase
plan for SAP employees. In 2017, the program was awarded
the prestigious Global Equity Organization Award for “Best
Plan Effectiveness.” For more information, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Nofe (27).
Hasso Plattner Founders’ Award: In its fourth year, this
prestigious award provides the highest internal employee
recognition at SAP for delivering on our vision and strategy. In
2017, the award went to the “SAP Transformation Navigator”
initiative, which transformed customer criticism into a tool
valued by SAP users and viewed by analysts as a competitive
advantage for the company. For more information about the
SAP Transformation Navigator, see section Products,
Research & Development, and Services.

Intrapreneurship program: The program identifies high-
potential entrepreneurial employees at SAP and develops
them into successful leaders through the SAP.iO Venture
Studio program. In 2017, more than 1,000 employees
jumpstarted their entrepreneurial journeys.

SAP SuccessFactors solutions: Like other SAP support
functions do for their respective solutions, approximately 220
HR experts supported sales teams in deals related to SAP
SuccessFactors solutions. Furthermore, we continued the
Klaus Tschira Human Resources Innovation Award. The
award honors SAP partners and customers that have
contributed a unique and innovative solution in the field of
human resources.

SAP Alumni Network: This network and online community
provides a platform to reconnect with former colleagues and
to unleash the power of a trusted network built on long-term
relationships. In 2017, community members included 3,800
former and 3,400 current SAP employees.

People Weeks: In 2017, SAP again sponsored an event
designed for employees to exchange ideas and cultivate a
greater connection across cultures. With the motto
“Experience Your Future,” People Weeks 2017 reached over
35,000 employees worldwide through local activities in 67
countries.

“How We Run”: Our “How We Run” behaviors continue to be
the cornerstone of our value-driven culture.

Our “How We Run” behaviors

oe

‘@ {@ WS
Sh

rarer . Embrace
Tell it like it is Stay curious differences

DB

Keep the
promise

Build bridges,
not silos

Promoting an Inclusive and Bias-
Free Culture

An inclusive, bias-free workplace motivates, attracts, and helps
us retain employees and enables us to better serve our
customers. It also leads to improved innovation and helps us
think through challenges in new ways.

Closing the Gender Gap

SAP is the first multinational technology company to be
awarded the Economic Dividends for Gender Equality (EDGE)
certificate. EDGE recognizes our global commitment to gender
diversity and equality in the workplace.

In June 2017, six months ahead of schedule, SAP achieved its
publicly stated goal of filling 25% of our management positions
with women. On December 31, 2017, the ratio of women in
management positions reached 25.4% (2016: 24.5%). The
Executive Board has further extended its commitment to
increase the percentage of women in management positions by
1% each year with a target of 30% by year-end 2022.

Throughout 2017, SAP sponsored and hosted events to attract,
develop, and support women around the world. Additional
ongoing initiatives include the Women’s Professional Growth
Webinar series, the grassroots Business Women’s Network
which celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2017, and the
Women@SAP online community. In addition, SAP offers the
Leadership Excellence Acceleration Program (LEAP), a highly
respected and award-winning development program that helps
prepare high-potential women for leadership roles at SAP.

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments
Creating an Inclusive Environment

Working closely with ethnicity-based employee network groups
such as the Black Employee Network (BEN) and Latinos@SAP,
SAP launched several important initiatives in 2017 in the United
States. An example is Project Propel, an effort dedicated to
enabling historically black colleges and universities and
minority-serving institutions across the United States to build
the next generation of technology talent.

Activities to build an inclusive environment at SAP include:

— Focus on Insight — Diversity and Inclusion training
program: Our global learning curriculum contributes to a
shared understanding of the importance and benefits of a
diverse workplace.

— Business Beyond Bias: The initiative includes significant
investment in programs and technology that support greater
diversity. This helps eliminate bias not only at SAP but also in
customer and partner organizations.

— Autism at Work program: 113 employees with autism
currently work at SAP.

— Global Pride@SAP employee network: This network has
grown to more than 8,000 members, sponsoring numerous
activities and initiatives that support lesbian, gay, bisexual,
and transgender people and their allies.

— Cross-generational mentoring: This program connects SAP
employees from different generations to form networks,
share knowledge, and learn from each other.

Caring for the Health and Well-
Being of Our Employees

We believe that the way we care for our people is closely linked
to our business success. When people are healthy, respected,
and cared for, it results in higher productivity, engagement,
innovation, and customer satisfaction. Consequently, we invest
in extensive employee benefits and programs. These include:

— Run Your Way initiative on Fit@SAP: This program
encourages employees of all generations and physical
conditions to integrate physical activity into their daily life. In
2017, approximately 8,700 people used subsidized activity
trackers.

— Employee Assistance Program (EAP): This program
provides employees with free, confidential, and impartial
expert advice and support for life’s challenges, 24 hours a
day, seven days a week.

— Corporate Oncology Program for Employees (COPE):
Available in Canada, Germany, United Kingdom, and the
United States, the program provides SAP employees facing
cancer with access to an individual molecular genetic tumor
analysis and interpretation.

— Healthy Leadership: Various offerings to support SAP
leaders in fostering a healthy mindset and culture, such as

healthy leadership training, personalized executive health
and well-being program, etc.

— Health Ambassador Network: This global network
strengthens our focus on health and well-being in SAP office
locations.

— Local health and well-being offerings: Services such as
health check-ups, skin screening, on-site fitness centers and
activity classes, mindfulness practice, eyesight testing, and
health awareness sessions are available to employees in
various office locations.

Headcount and Personnel

Expense

As of December 31, 2017, we had 88,543 full-time equivalent
(FTE) employees worldwide (December 31, 2016: 84,183). This
represents an increase in headcount of rounded 4,361 FTEs in
comparison to 2016. The average number of employees in 2017
was 86,999 (2016: 80,609).

We define headcount in FTE as the number of people on
permanent employment contract considering their staffing
percentage. Students, individuals employed by SAP who are
currently not working for reasons such as maternity leave, and
temporary employees with limited contracts of less than six
months are excluded from our figures. The number of
temporary employees is not material.

Our personnel expense for each employee increased to
approximately €134,000 in 2017 (2016: approximately
€127,000). This increase is primarily attributable to an increase
of share-based payment expenses and employee-related
restructuring expenses in 2017 compared to the previous year.
The personnel expense per employee is defined as the overall
personnel expense divided by the average number o
employees.

For more information about employee compensation, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (7).

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments 87
Number of Employees by Region and Function

Full-time December 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015
ivalent:

equivaren's EMEA Americas APJ Total EMEA Americas APJ Total EMEA Americas APJ Total
Cloud and software 5,869 3,895 4,719 14,482 6,406 4,184 5,412 16,002 6,095 3,920 4,976 14,991
Services 7,536 4,878 4,965 17,379 6,535 4,119 3,967 14,621 6,482 3,812 3,574 13,868
Research and 11,349 5,250 8,273 24,872 10,525 4,860 7,977 23,363 9,676 4,233 7,029 20,938
development

9,196 9,169 4,854 23,219 8,542 8,999 4,435 21,977 7,683 7,766 3,974 19,422

Sales and

SAP Group
(December 31)
149 133 7 289

36,222 24,696 23,265 84,183
Thereof 37 172 fe) 209 73 0 fe) 73
acquisitions
SAP Group 34,932 23,532 22,145 80,609 33,561 21,832 19,788 75,180
(months' end
average)

Due to reorganizations within our SAP Digital Business Services in 2017 employees were partially reallocated fromcloudand
software to services. Information for current year are therefore not fully comparable to prior years.

Engaging in Social Investments

At SAP, we are committed to helping the world’s youth gain the
skills they need to thrive in the digital economy. To achieve this,
we leverage our talents, technology and non-governmental
partnerships. Our primary focus lies on building capacity for
organizations putting young people on the path of meaningful
employment, and on supporting digital literacy programs for
youth to increase their employability in the digital economy.

In 2017, our employee volunteers gave about 298,000 hours to
our corporate social responsibility (CSR) projects impacting
four million lives. SAP also donated a total of €24 million to
workforce development and youth entrepreneurship projects
around the globe.

Advancing Corporate Volunteering

In addition to ongoing development of numerous volunteering
programs for our own employees, we are also involved in helping
other organizations to create their own employee volunteering
initiatives. This year, SAP collaborated with corporate
volunteering experts from the Realized Worth Institute to offer
an online course through our openSAP platform. Aimed at
volunteer leaders, the course focused on empowering global
workforces to tackle some of our biggest social and economic
challenges. Participants learned how to mobilize volunteers’
empathy and received practical guidance on setting up
impactful programs and running volunteer events. In short, the
course offered the skills needed to help companies advance
volunteering in their organization.

88

Another initiative that has seen SAP lead the way in corporate
volunteering is the IMPACT 2030 initiative. Co-founded by SAP,
this business-led effort is designed to unite companies in their
corporate volunteering efforts to address the United Nations’
Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development. It encourages
companies everywhere, regardless of size and location, to
support the achievement of global sustainable development
goals through their community service programs.

Preparing Young People for the
Future of Work

With employers reporting a significant skills gap in the tech
sector, SAP is partnering with non-governmental organizations,
such as TechSoup, Galway Education Center, and the ASEAN
Foundation, to prepare young people for the future of work.
Focusing on workforce readiness we run numerous digital
literacy programs across the globe aimed at 1.4 million teens,
students, and young professionals to help them thrive in the
digital economy.

One such program is Latin Code Week, an initiative that aims to
ive participants in the

empower young people to become ac
economic growth of Latin America. This year, the program has
helped 1,500 18-24 year olds in nine countries to develop the
skills they need to open up new employment opportunities in the
tech industry. As well as technical training, participants gain
valuable business skills in areas such as empathy, teamwork,
leadership, and entrepreneurship.

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments
Another important initiative co-created by SAP in collaboration
with our customers is the Code Unnati project. By fostering
digital literacy, Code Unnati is opening the door to meaningful
employment opportunities for young people, and contributing to
social and economic development in India.

Helping Non-Governmental
Organizations Run Better

Non-governmental organizations and social enterprises are
instrumental in addressing our world’s most pressing societal
challenges. Focusing on organizations that put young people on
the path to success, SAP provided significant capacity building
for such organizations across the globe. Next to financial
investments SAP supports these organizations with our key pro
bono volunteering initiative, the SAP Social Sabbatical. In 2017
alone we saw 217 SAP employees making an in-kind contribution
of €2.7 million (time frame Q1-Q3) through their expertise and
know-how to advance the social impact of numerous
organizations.

An example is the work carried out by SAP employees in
Christchurch, New Zealand. In 2017, our volunteers engaged
with four organizations that were established following the
catastrophic 2010 and 2011 earthquakes. Initiatives such as
Cultivate Christchurch, Ethique, Kilmarnock, and Science Alive!
are all playing a key role in the ongoing revitalization of the city,
with regards to both business and the post-traumatic recovery
of its citizens. Teams taking part in the SAP Social Sabbatical
initiative were embedded within these organizations to build
operational capacity, identify key strengths and weaknesses,
and inform strategic growth decisions for the ultimate benefit of
5,190 estimated beneficiaries. With our partner Akina
Foundation, SAP was integral in bringing over 1,600 social
entrepreneurs, policy makers and corporates together in
Christchurch at the Social Enterprise World Forum to help
define the next steps in advancing the social enterprise sector.

Combined Management Report | Employees and Social Investments

89
Energy and Emissions

-14% -3%

last year last year

Being a Front-Runner for a
Greener Way of Working

As arole model for sustainable business operations, SAP takes
its environmental responsibilities seriously. We believe that by
running cleaner, greener operations, we can make a difference
to our planet. In addition, we aim to enable our customers to
reduce their overall carbon footprint through our software.

Our global environmental policy promotes a more productive
use of resources by providing transparency in environmental
issues, driving efficiency, and leveraging transformational
strategies. It also outlines our environmental goals.

Our chief sustainability officer and our dedicated sustainability
organization coordinate our response to climate change.
Facilities management staff design and operate our facilities
based on robust environmental standards. In addition, our IT
operations personnel is committed to optimizing energy
consumption in our data centers. We assess our environmental
performance in quarterly management reviews.

This year, we continued to roll out our global environmental
management system based on the ISO 14001 standard. We plan
‘or the system to cover operations of about 70% of employees
globally by 2018. At the end of 2017, 48 SAP sites in 28 countries
(49% of employees) have been certified and have implemented
SO 14001.

Cutting Carbon Emissions

n 2017, we announced a commitment to making our operations
carbon neutral by 2025. This is the next logical step in our long-
erm greenhouse gas (GHG) avoidance strategy, which also
includes an undertaking to reduce GHG emissions to levels of
he year 2000 by 2020. This year, we met our 2020 target and
are now well on track to becoming carbon neutral. The target
includes all direct emissions from running our business as well
as a selected subset of indirect emissions from supply chains
and services.

In 2017, SAP also became the first German company to be
approved for the Science-Based Targets Initiative. As a member

90

energy consumption compared to

100%

renewable electricity

of this initiative, our science-based climate targets reflect the
level of decarbonization required to keep the global temperature
increase below two degrees Celsius compared to pre-industrial
temperatures. This represents a reduction in emissions by SAP
of 85% of our 2016 emissions by 2050, including energy
consumption of our products in use at our customers.

A number of initiatives harness innovative technologies to help
us run our operations in a way that minimizes our impact on the
environment. In addition, our investment in renewable electricity
certificates and carbon credits enables us to support
sustainability projects across the globe.

Total Net Emissions

kilotons CO
545
500
455
380
325
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

In addition to our long-term commitment for 2025, we have
derived annual targets for our internal operational steering. In
2017, we outperformed our annual target to reduce our
emissions to 380 kilotons (kt) of CO2by 55 kt, thus already
fulfilling our 2020 target. This result stems primarily from a
decrease in company car emissions as well as compensation
with carbon emission offsets. Our focus on carbon emissions
has contributed to a cumulative cost avoidance of €206 million
in the past three years, compared to a business-as-usual
scenario based on 2007. We achieved 45% of this cost
avoidance in 2017.

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions
Total Energy Consumption

GWh
910 920 965 950 920
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Strengthening Our “Green
Cloud”

At SAP, we have tied our business strategy to our environmental
strategy by creating a “green cloud” powered by 100%
renewable electricity. As more business moves to the cloud,
data centers are a key part of how SAP provides solutions to our
customers. By using our green cloud services, customers can
significantly reduce their carbon footprint. Given the increasing
data center capacity and an increasing energy consumption, our
data centers have become a primary focus of our carbon
reduction efforts.

We have introduced initiatives to drive efficiency and innovation
with respect to our buildings, data center operations, and
infrastructure. For example, in 2017, one of our main data
centers in Rot, Germany, had a very efficient power usage
effectiveness (PUE) of 1.36.

Committing to 100% Renewable
Electricity

Our commitment to 100% renewable electricity is crucial to
making our operations more sustainable. While SAP produces a
small amount of renewable electricity through solar panels in
some locations, we rely primarily on the purchase of renewable
energy certificates (RECs) to achieve our target of 1OO%
renewable electricity. We only invest in Gold Standard RECs,
which support renewable energy projects that meet robust
criteria in terms of environmental integrity, stakeholder
inclusivity, safeguards, and reporting and verification.

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions

Total Data Center Electricity
GWh

Internal = External

265
249 243
» » @ @ FF

18
173 Gil 189 178 179
2013* 2014 2015 2016 2017

*We started reporting our external data center energy
consumption in 2014.

Helping Our Customers Run
Greener Operations

The vast majority of our overall emissions result from the use of
our software. When our customers run SAP software on their
hardware and on their premises, the resulting carbon footprint is
about 30 times the size of our own net carbon footprint. To
address this, we have developed a downstream emissions
strategy to help our customers, hardware providers, and others
run greener operations. One of the most important ways we help
our customers reduce their energy usage and emissions is by
managing their SAP systems through cloud services provided by
our carbon-neutral green cloud offerings. In addition, the
solutions in our portfolio enable our customers to manage their
resources, such as electricity, in an efficient manner.

The SAP HANA platform also plays a vital role in helping our
customers cut their carbon emissions. By combining the worlds
of analytic and transactional data into one real-time, in-memory
platform, it can help create much leaner operations, further
simplifying the system landscape and reducing energy
consumption.

SAP also works with customers to optimize their on-premise
landscapes so that they consume less energy. We achieve this
by helping them decommission legacy systems, archive unused
data, and consolidate business applications, as well as virtualize
their system landscape.

91
Driving Environmental Initiatives
Throughout SAP

We continuously pursue strategies to help us achieve our goal of
reducing emissions at a time of ongoing growth in our business.
Key initiatives for 2017 included the following:

— EKOenergy certification
Most of our renewable electricity is purchased on the
electricity market and is not produced by SAP. As
recommended by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and CDP, we
actively look for the best available quality. Therefore, all of
our purchased renewable electricity is EXOenergy certified.
EKOenergy is the international not-for-profit ecolabel for
energy. It certifies electricity from renewable energy
installations that fulfil additional sustainability criteria.
Through the purchase of EKOenergy, we also contribute to
EKOenergy's Climate Fund, used to finance solar projects
tackling energy poverty.
— Electric vehicles
As aresult of our business expansion, the number of SAP
employees eligible for a company car has increased annually.
We want to ensure that the resulting growth in our car fleet
does not undo our successes in cutting emissions. To help
address this, SAP aims to increase the number of electric
vehicles (battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric
vehicles) in our company car fleet from 5% at the end of 2017
0 20% by 2020.
All electric company cars charged at SAP are powered with
100% renewable electricity. In addition, in Germany, we
provide employees with an incentive to switch to electric
alternatives by offering a battery subsidy that partially offsets
he higher costs of an electric vehicle.
— Internal carbon pricing for business flights
We continue with our program introduced in 2015 to reduce
he impact of air travel by SAP employees. In addition to
avoiding business flights by investing in virtual collaboration
and communication technologies, we invest in carbon
emission offsets for air travel in the majority of countries we
ravel from by charging an internal carbon price. This offset
effort resulted in a compensation of 135 kt in 2017.
— Investment in carbon credits
n 2017, we continued to realize the benefits of our
investment in the Livelihoods Fund. Several years ago, we
made acommitment to invest €3 million covering a 20-year
participation in a fund that supports social causes as well as
he sustainability of agricultural and rural communities
worldwide. The returns from this unique investment in the
Livelihoods Fund consist of high-quality carbon credits.
Following the success of this scheme, we plan to invest ina
second Livelihoods Fund in 2018, increasing our commitment
to sustainable initiatives. In 2017, the carbon credits we
received helped us to offset our carbon footprint by 21.4 kt.

92

Combined Management Report | Energy and Emissions
Financial Performance:

Review and Analysis

+6%

cloud and software revenue (IFRS)

Economy and the Market

Global Economic Trends

The global economy continued to expand at a solid rate in 2017,
and the recovery showed signs of worldwide synchronization.
This conclusion was drawn by the European Central Bank (ECB)
in its December 2017 Economic Bulletin. The document
describes the sustained pace of expansion of the global
economy, which became more broad-based throughout the
year. However, it elaborates that in advanced economies, rates
of investment fell in the wake of the financial crisis, driven by the
ensuing weakened expectations of demand prospects together
with tighter financial conditions and heightened uncertainty.
According to the ECB, investment was also lower in emerging
market economies in 2017, in particular in commodity-exporting
countries.

In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the ECB
found a strong pace of economic expansion in the euro area in
2017, supported by growth in private consumption as well as
exports benefiting from the global recovery. Also, according to
the ECB’s December 2017 Economic Bulletin, economic activity
in central and eastern European countries accelerated in 2017,
driven by a rebound in investment and strong private
consumption. Even Russia, after its previous deep recession,
managed an economic recovery in 2017, states the ECB.

As for the North America and Latin America (Americas) region,
U.S. economic activity expanded at a solid pace in 2017, despite
the impact of recent hurricanes, reports the ECB. Growth in
investment and consumption strengthened domestic demand in
the United States. Brazil was also in recovery throughout the
year, even though political uncertainties continuously weighed
on its business investments and consumer spending.

The Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region produced a robust real GDP
growth in Japan in 2017. This was due to strengthening foreign
demand, growing private investments, and easing financing

+12%

profit after tax (IFRS)

+26%

new cloud bookings

conditions. In China, economic activity expanded at a significant
pace, supported by resilient consumption and a still stable
housing market, finds the ECB. Finally, world economic activity
was also supported by India.

The IT Market

In 2017, IDC (International Data Corporation), a U.S.-based
market research firm, observed “tremendous” momentum and
influence of digital transformation on technology spending
worldwide, spanning all geographies and industries?. Digital
transformation became the source of innovation and creativity
for new business models, many of which were
subscription/cloud based®. Therefore, in 2017, the growing
enterprise focus on digital transformation brought about
expanding demand for cloud services, surrounding technologies
as well as professional and management services’, explains IDC.
Additionally, it states that the cloud delivery and consumption
model has by now revolutionized the entire IT industry, shifting
many traditional IT apps and workloads to the “as a service”
model‘ over the past year as organizations looked to become
more productive, improve collaboration, and drive continuous
innovation®.

Migrating or expanding existing on-premises and new workloads
to the cloud was in most cases accompanied by an immediate or
eventual reduction in capital expenditure for data center
updates or expansion as well as a decline in on-premises
operational expenses®, says IDC. Hence, IT spending was
increasingly transferred from hardware to software in 2017, and
most providers with perpetually licensed software were
undergoing a major transition toward subscription and cloud?.

Under these circumstances, software spending rebounded
strongly to US$301.6 billion in 2017 (services spending to
US$513.2 billion)*, estimates IDC. In this calculation, a “hybrid”
management of complex environments represented the largest
percentage with multiple public clouds, private clouds, and
traditional systems that needed to be interconnected,

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 93
integrated, and collectively managed‘. The second largest
percentage featured managed and professional services around
cloud adoption, accounting for one third of all cloud-related
spending’, says IDC.

Over the past months, IDC monitored cloud services suppliers
introducing a steady stream of innovative IT services, including
Internet of Things back-end services, data services, blockchain
services, and artificial intelligence-related services’. Therefore,
IDC calls the cloud the “launch pad” for virtually all IT
innovation‘.

For example, asset-intensive industry segments in 2017 rapidly

expanded their investments in

processes as well as connected
At the same time, according to
view data as an asset and inves

oT equipment and connected
finished products and services?.
IDC, more enterprises began to

ed more in technology, helping

them to gain greater awareness of their data and to assess its
value. Accordingly, nearly 50% of large enterprises generated
revenue from data as a service, sale of raw data, derived

metrics, insights, and recommendations in 2017°, reports IDC.

Furthermore, the blockchain technology as a foundation for
digital trust® became more important in 2017, observes IDC:
While security concerns used to keep enterprises from moving
to the cloud in earlier years, enhanced security capabilities
available from service providers turned out to be a major
incentive to move to the cloud in 2017. Finally, IDC saw
“artificial intelligence everywhere’® in 2017 and finds this
technology demonstrating its potential in smartphones,
automobiles, aircrafts, cybersecurity, digital warfare, and on the
Internet?. According to IDC, worldwide revenue for cognitive and
artificial intelligence systems reached US$12.5 billion in 2017, an
increase of 59.3% over 2016°.

Sources:

? European Central Bank, Economic Bulletin, Issue 8/2017, Publication Date: December 28,
2017 (http://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/ecbu/eb201708.en.pdf)

? IDC FutureScape: Worldwide Digital Transformation 2018 Predictions, Doc #US43154617,
October 2017

3 IDC Market Forecast: Software License, Maintenance & Subscription Forecast, 2017-2021,

Doc #US42825517, July 2017

* IDC Worldwide Whole Cloud Forecast, 2017-2021, Doc #US43215817, December 2017

5 IDC FutureScape, Worldwide Cloud 2018 Predictions, Doc # US42014717, October 2017
® IDC FutureScape: Worldwide IT Industry 2018 Predictions, #US43171317, October 2017

Impact on SAP

The global trend of digital transformation has been a major
business driver for SAP, and the broad adoption of cloud
solutions drove our success. Our consistent strategy of
innovation and growth and our investments into new
technologies to help our customers become "intelligent
enterprises" paid off.

We saw strong momentum across our entire portfolio and in all
regions, and the growth of our more predictable revenue share
signaled trust in SAP.

Overall Financial Position

Executive Board’s Assessment

In 2017, we again met all our financial targets and now have
consistently either met or exceeded our targets since we
announced our mid-term ambition three years ago. In fact, we
have hit all guidance metrics even where in some cases those
metrics were raised multiple times.

We delivered robust top line growth and continued to expand
our operating profit. On top of that, our cash generation and EPS
growth remained strong.

Even with fast growth in the cloud, our software revenue grew
again. SAP’s rapidly expanding cloud business together with
solid growth in support revenue continued to drive the share of
more predictable revenue. Our investments in the cloud are
paying off. This, together with continuing improvements in
efficiency and cost ratios, paves the way for the strong growth
and margin expansion we expect in 2018 and beyond.

The rapid customer adoption of SAP S/4HANA and our other
cloud solutions give us enormous confidence to carry this
momentum into 2018. Our performance, our portfolio, and our
pipeline make us confident that we will deliver on our mid-term
ambitions.

Performance Against Our
Outlook for 2017 (Non-IFRS)

Our 2017 operating profit-related goals and published outlook
were based on our non-IFRS financial measures. For this reason,
in the following section we discuss performance against our
outlook only in terms of non-IFRS numbers derived from IFRS
measures. The subsequent section about IFRS operating results
discusses numbers only in terms of the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs), so the numbers in that section are
not expressly identified as IFRS numbers.

Outlook for 2017 (Non-IFRS)

At the beginning of 2017, we projected that our 2017 non-IFRS
cloud subscriptions and support revenue would be between
€3.8 billion and €4.0 billion at constant currencies (2016:
€2.99 billion). We expected full-year 2017 non-IFRS cloud and
software revenue to increase by 6% to 8% at constant
currencies (2016: €18.43 billion). In addition, we aimed for non-
IFRS total revenue in a range of €23.2 billion to €23.6 billion at
constant currencies (2016: €22.67 billion). We also projected
our full-year non-IFRS operating profit for 2017 would end
between €6.8 billion and €7.0 billion (2016: €6.63 billion) at
constant currencies. We anticipated an effective tax rate (IFRS)
of 26.0% to 27.0% (2016: 25.3%) and an effective tax rate (non-
IFRS) of 27.0% to 28.0% (2016: 26.8%).

94 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
In July 2017, we raised our forecast for the non-IFRS cloud and
software revenue growth rate to between 6.5% and 8.5% at
constant currencies. We also raised our outlook for non-IFRS
total revenue to a range of €23.3 billion to €23.7 billion at
constant currencies. These increases in comparison to our
original outlook were based on a strong pipeline as well as a
strong first half, which, in light of an 8% growth at constant
currencies in non-IFRS cloud and software revenue, already lay
at the upper end of our full-year expectations.

In October 2017, based on the continued high volume of orders,
particularly for SAP S/4HANA, we raised our outlook for the
2017 non-IFRS cloud and software revenue growth rates to
range between 7.0% and 8.5% at constant currencies. We
consequently also raised our forecast for non-IFRS total revenue
to range between €23.4 billion to €23.8 billion at constant
currencies. In view of the greater revenues expected, we also
narrowed our outlook for full-year operating profit (non-IFRS)
for 2017 upward to range between €6.85 billion and €7.0 billion
at constant currencies. We also announced that the Company
expected its full-year 2017 effective tax rates (IFRS and non-
IFRS) to be below the previous outlook for the effective tax rate

Comparison of Outlook and Results for 2017

(IFRS) of 26.0% to 27.0% and for the effective tax rate (non-
IFRS) of 27.0% to 28.0%. The decrease in comparison to the
previous outlook mainly resulted from a one-time tax benefit
relating to an intra-group transfer of intellectual property rights
to SAP SE which was expected to be executed in the fourth
quarter. SAP committed to update its effective tax rate outlook
once the effect is quantifiable.

In December 2017, considering the estimated one-time benefit
and updated expectations for the full year, SAP adjusted its full-
year 2017 effective tax rate (IFRS) to 23.0% to 24.0% and its
full-year 2017 effective tax rate (non-IFRS) to 25.0% to 26.0%
after the intra-group transfer of intellectual property rights to
SAP SE was completed in the fourth quarter. This outlook did
not consider any impact from a potential U.S. tax reform.

2017 Actual Performance Compared
to Outlook (Non-IFRS)

We hit the raised outlook for all our guidance parameters we
published in July, October and December.

Outlook for 2017 Revised Outlook Revised Outlook Results
(as reported in for 2017 for 2017 for 2017
Integrated Report 2016) (Q2 Quarterly Statement) (Q3 Quarterly Statement)

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue €3.80 billion an:
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to €4.00 billion es eSbillion
Cloud and software revenue +6.0% to +8.0% +6.5% to +8.5% +7.0% to +8.5% +8%
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies)
Total revenue €23.20 billion €23.30 billion €23.40 billion €23,77 billion
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to €23.60 billion to €23.70 billion to €23.80 billion :
Operating profit €6.80 billion €6.85 billion £6.92 billion
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to €7.00 billion to €7.00 billion :

* In the Q3 Quarterly Statement we disclosed our expectation to be below the previous outlook; we adjusted these rates in December for the full-year 2017.

Despite diplomatic tensions, particularly in the Middle East,
Turkey, and North Korea, coupled with uncertainties regarding
the possible outcome and effects of the Brexit negotiations, our
new and existing customers continued to show a strong
willingness to invest in our solutions.

At constant currencies, non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and
support revenue grew from €2.99 billion in 2016 to €3.83 billion
in 2017 and therewith ended in our guidance range of

€3.80 billion to €4.00 billion. That represents an increase of
28% on aconstant currency basis.

Our new cloud bookings, which is the main measure for our
cloud-related sales success and for future cloud subscriptions

revenue, increased 30% on aconstant currency basis in 2017 to
€1.50 billion (2016: €1.15 billion). In addition to this strong
growth, our cloud backlog (unbilled future revenue based on
existing customer contracts) climbed by 38% to €7.5 billion
(2016: €5.4 billion). This committed business will contribute to
our cloud growth in 2018 and beyond.

Besides the cloud business, our traditional on-premise business
again showed remarkable growth in 2017. On a constant
currency basis, cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS) was
€19.82 billion in 2017 (2016: €18.43 billion), representing an
increase of 8%, and as such reached the upper end of our
increased outlook in July and October.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 95
Our total revenue (non-IFRS) on a constant currency basis rose
8% in 2017 to €23.77 billion (2016: €22.07 billion) and therefore
achieved the upper end of our twice increased outlook, which we
ast predicted to range between €23.40 billion and

€23.80 billion.

Operating expenses (non-IFRS) in 2017 on a constant currency
basis were €16.84 billion (2016: €15.43 billion), an increase of
9%.

Our expense base in 2017 continued to be impacted by the
ransformation to a fast-growing cloud business. In our outlook,
we expected the cloud subscriptions and support gross margin
o be at least stable or to slightly increase compared to 2016.
The cloud subscriptions gross margin for 2017 was 62.4%, a
decrease of 2.0pp on a constant currency basis, and as such,
below our expectations. The decrease is primarily due to
ongoing investments in our cloud business as well as the change
in the cloud subscription revenue mix. In order to further
increase the efficiency and performance of our cloud services,
we continued to invest heavily in our Software as a
Service/Platform as a Service (SaaS/PaaS) and Infrastructure-
as a Service (laaS) cloud services, which are currently growing
at an above-average rate. However, since these two service
offerings have a lower gross margin than our network business,
the overall margin decreased.

The cloud subscriptions and support gross margins of our cloud
offerings developed heterogeneously in 2017:

Our cloud subscriptions gross margin (non-IFRS) in our
business network business increased by 0.8pp (on a constant
currency basis) and resulted in 76.8% for 2017, already close to
our long-term ambition of 80%. This excellent result is
attributable to the continued positive gross margin development
within the Concur and SAP Ariba portfolio.

The cloud subscriptions gross margin (non-IFRS) of our
Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) cloud offering continued to
develop very well in 2017. Our cloud subscription gross margin
(non-IFRS) was 6.6% in 2017, which reflects an improvement of
12.7pp on aconstant currency basis.

Profitability in our Software as a Service/Platform as a Service
(SaaS/PaaS) cloud offering was 57.4% at constant currency for
2017 compared to our long-term ambition of 80%. Affected by
the incremental investments in our cloud infrastructure, cloud
profitability fell by 3.8pp on a constant currency basis, mainly
due to significant investments in the expansion of our data
center and IT infrastructure as well as in the harmonization of
our various public cloud offerings onto one platform.

Despite these investments, we saw efficiency improvements in
both our cloud and traditional on-premise business, which drove
continued operating profit expansion. Non-IFRS operating profit
in 2017 was €6.92 billion on a constant currency basis (2016:

€6.63 billion), reflecting an increase of 4%. As a result, we were
able to surpass our excellent results from 2016, despite our
continued investment in our business transformation during the
reporting year. The positive development of our operating profit
was influenced by careful investment decisions focused on
customers and products which, among other things, resulted in
an increase in our overall headcount by 4,361 full-time
equivalents, primarily in research & development, cloud, and
sales. With these additional resources, we continued to make
targeted investments in our innovation areas and growth
markets. Thus, constant currency non-IFRS operating profit
amounting to €6.92 billion was at the midpoint of our outlook
range raised in October (€6.85 billion to €7.00 billion).

We achieved an effective tax rate (IFRS) of 19.3% and an
effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of 22.6%, which is significantly
below the adjusted outlook in December of 23.0% to 24.0%
(IFRS) and 25.0% to 26.0% (non-IFRS). This mainly resulted
from a one-time tax benefit due to the U.S. tax reform.

Operating Results (IFRS)

This section on operating results (IFRS) discusses results only in
terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS numbers are not expressly
identified as such.

We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region, and
the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue
amounts to each region based on where the customer is located.
For more information about revenue by geographic region, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Vote (28).

Revenue

Total Revenue

Total revenue increased from €22,062 million in 2016 to
€23,461 million in 2017, representing an increase of
€1,399 million or 6%.

Total Revenue
€ millions | change since previous year

23,461
22,062

20,793

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

96 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
This increase reflects an 8% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and al% decrease from currency effects. The growth
in revenue resulted primarily from a €776 million increase in
cloud subscriptions and support revenue. Furthermore,
software support revenue rose €337 million. This growth is a
result of continuously high software license revenue, which
increased €12 million in 2017. Cloud and software revenue
climbed to €19,549 million in 2017, an increase of 6%. Cloud and
software revenue represented 83% of total revenue in 2017
(2016: 84%). Service revenue increased 8% from €3,638 million
in 2016 to €3,911 million in 2017, which was 17% of total
revenue.

Revenue by Line Item
€ millions

Cloud Subscriptions & Support
Software Licenses
Software Support

Services

For more information about our regional performance, see the
Revenue by Region section below.

Cloud and Software Revenue

Revenue from cloud subscriptions and support refers to the
income earned from contracts that permit the customer to
access specific software solutions hosted by SAP during the
erm of its contract with SAP. Software revenue results from the
ees earned from selling or licensing software to customers.
Support revenue represents fees earned from providing
echnical support services and unspecified software upgrades,
updates, and enhancements to customers.

Cloud and software revenue grew from €18,424 million in 2016
0 €19,549 million in 2017, an increase of 6%. This reflects an
8% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1%
decrease from currency effects.

Cloud and Software
€ millions

19,549
7.214 18,424

13,505 14,315

2013 2014 2015

2016

2017

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from
€2,993 million in 2016 to €3,769 million in 2017.

Cloud Subscriptions and Support

€ millions

3,769
2,993

2,286

1,087
696

2013 2014 2015

2016

2017

Despite a combination of a partly challenging macroeconomic
and political environment and the accelerating industry shift to
the cloud, we achieved a €12 million increase in software
revenue. This increase, from €4,860 million in 2016 to

€4,872 million in 2017, reflects a 3% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects.
Our customer base continued to expand in 2017. Based on the
number of contracts concluded, 15% of the orders we received
for software in 2017 (2016: 16%) were from new customers. The
total value of software orders received increased 1% year over
year. The total number of contracts signed for new software
increased 3% to 59,147 (2016: 57,291 contracts), with an
average order value of €89 thousand in 2017 (2016:

€91 thousand). In 2017, 30% (2016: 29%) of our software order
entry resulted from deals worth more than €5 million, while 40%
(2016: 38%) resulted from deals worth less than €1 million.

Our stable customer base, the continued demand for our
software throughout 2017 and the previous years, and the
continued interest in our support offerings resulted in an
increase in support revenue from €10,571 million in 2016 to
€10,908 million in 2017. The SAP Enterprise Support offering
was the largest contributor to our support revenue. The
€337 million, or 3%, growth in support revenue reflects a 4%

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 97
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease
from currency effects. This growth is primarily attributable to
SAP Product Support for Large Enterprises and SAP Enterprise
Support. The acceptance rate for SAP Enterprise Support
among new customers remained very high in 2017 at 99%
(2016: 100%).

Software and support revenue rose €350 million, or 2%, from
€15,431 million in 2016 to €15,780 million in 2017. This growth
reflects a 4% increase from changes in volumes and prices and
a 1% decrease from currency effects.

We define predictable revenue as the sum of our software
support revenue and our cloud subscriptions and support
revenue. Compared to the previous year, our predictable
revenue increased from €13,564 million in 2016 to €14,677
million in 2017. This reflects a rise of 8%. Predictable revenue
accounted for 63% of our total revenue in 2017 (2016: 61%).

Predictable Revenue

€ millions
Software Support m= Cloud
14,677
13,564
12,379 769
ee
=696e (1,087
10,908
apse 8,829 10,093 10,571
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Services Revenue

Services revenue combines revenue from professional services,
premium support services, and other services such as training
services, messaging services, and payment services.
Professional services primarily relate to the implementation of
our cloud subscriptions and on-premise software products. Our
premium support offering consists of high-end support services
tailored to customer requirements. Messaging services are
primarily transmissions of electronic text messages from one
mobile phone provider to another. Payment services are
delivered in connection with our travel and expense
management offerings.

Services revenue increased €273 million, or 8%, from

€3,638 million in 2016 to €3,911 million in 2017. This increase
reflects an 8% increase from changes in volumes and prices and
a 1% decrease from currency effects.

Solid market demand for service projects led to a 12% increase
of €332 million in consulting revenue and premium support
revenue from €2,883 million in 2016 to €3,215 million in 2017.
This growth reflects a 12% increase from changes in volumes

and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Consulting
and premium support revenue contributed 82% of total service
revenue (2016: 79%). Consulting and premium support revenue
contributed 14% of total revenue in 2017 (2016: 13%).

Revenue from other services decreased €59 million, or 8%, to
€697 million in 2017 (2016: €756 million). This reflects a 7%
decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a1%
decrease from currency changes.

Revenue by Region

Revenue by Region

Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)
€ millions

APJ
3,699

Americas
9,347

EMEA Region

In 2017, the EMEA region generated €10,415 million in revenue
(2016: €9,755 million), which was 44% of total revenue (2016:
44%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 7%. Revenue
in Germany increased 10% to €3,352 million in 2017 (2016:
€3,034 million). Germany contributed 32% (2016: 31%) of all
EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA
region was primarily generated in the United Kingdom, France,
Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Italy. Cloud and software
revenue generated in the EMEA region totaled €8,759 million
(2016: €8,193 million). That was 84% of all revenue from the
region (2016: 84%).

EMEA: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
On Premise = Cloud 8,759
7,622 8,193 1,029
6,428 6,819 507° | |
176 2
7,731
aoe 6,542 7,115 7,489 3
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

98 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
Cloud subscriptions revenue in the EMEA region rose 46% to
€1,029 million in 2017 (2016: €703 million). This increase
reflects a 48% increase from changes in volumes and prices and
a 2% decrease from currency effects. Software licenses and
software support revenue rose 3% to €7,731 million in 2017
(2016: €7,489 million). This growth reflects a 3% increase from
changes in volumes and prices and a currency effect of 0%.

Americas Region

n 2017, 40% of our total revenue was generated in the
Americas region (2016: 40%). Total revenue in the Americas
region increased 5% to €9,347 million; revenue generated in the
United States increased 4% to €7,436 million. The revenue
growth in the United States reflects a 6% increase from changes
in volumes and prices and a negative currency effect of 2%. The
United States contributed 80% (2016: 80%) of all revenue
generated in the Americas region. In the remaining countries of
he Americas region, revenue increased 8% to €1,911 million.
This increase reflects a 9% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and al% decrease from currency effects. Revenue in
he remaining countries of the Americas region was generated
primarily in Canada, Brazil, and Mexico. Cloud and software
revenue generated in the Americas region totaled €7,666 million
(2016: €7,366 million). That was 82% of all revenue from the
region (2016: 82%).

Americas: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
On Premise m Cloud
7,666

6,929 7,366
ae oe
457° 709
4,465 4,566 5,350 5,366 5,345
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Cloud subscriptions revenue in the Americas region rose 16% to
€2,321 million in 2017 (2016: €2,000 million); this includes a
negative currency effect of 2%. Software licenses and software
support revenue was €5,345 million in 2017 (2016: €5,366
million).

APJ Region

In 2017, 16% (2016: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in
the APJ region. Total revenue in the APJ region increased 10%
to €3,699 million. This growth reflects a 12% increase from
changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from
currency effects. In Japan, revenue increased 7% to

€885 million. Revenue from Japan was 24% (2016: 24%) of all
revenue generated in the APJ region. The revenue growth in

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

Japan was attributable to a 13% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 6% decrease from currency effects. In
the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased
10%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was
generated primarily in Australia, India, and China. Cloud and
software revenue in the APJ region totaled €3,124 million in
2017 (2016: €2,865 million). That was 84% of all revenue from
the region (2016: 85%).

APJ: Cloud and Software Revenue

€ millions
On Premise = Cloud

286 3,124
2,663 865 419

2,155 2,221 200° a0)
2,57: 2,705

2,091 2,120 ease aah
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Cloud subscriptions revenue in the APJ region rose 45% to
€419 million in 2017 (2016: €290 million). This increase reflects
a 47% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2%
decrease from currency effects. Software licenses and software
support revenue rose 5% to €2,705 million in 2017 (2016:
€2,575 million). This increase reflects an 8% increase from
changes in volumes and prices and a 3% decrease from
currency effects.

Operating Profit and Operating
Margin

SAP posted record revenues in 2017, particularly in Cloud and
Services. Our revenue from cloud subscriptions and support
increased 26% while our services revenue improved 8%. In

2017, total revenue grew 6% to €23,461 million (2016:
€22,062 million), representing an increase of €1,399 million.

On the other hand, our operating expenses increased

€1,656 million or 10% to €18,584 million (2016:

€16,928 million). The main contributors to that increase were
our continued investment in sales and research and
development activities as well as our higher revenue-related and
investment-related cloud subscriptions and support costs. The
higher share price in 2017 lead to increased costs of share-
based compensation of €1,120 million (2016: €785 million). Our
employee headcount (measured in full-time equivalents, or
FTEs) increased by 4,361 FTEs year over year to 88,543.

Overall, the increase in expenses exceeded our growth in
revenue, leading to a 5% decrease in operating profit to
€4,877 million (2016: €5,135 million).

99
Operating Profit

€ millions | change since previous year

5,135

4,877

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Operating Margin
Percent | change since previous year
26.6
24.7
23.3
20.5 20.8

2013

2014 2015 2016 2017
We see the increased operating expenses largely as investments

in the future that help to secure long-term sales growth.

As an overall result of these effects on operating profit, our
operating margin narrowed 2.5pp to 20.8% in 2017 (2016:
23.3%).

Changes to the individual elements in our cost of revenue were
as follows:

Cost of Cloud and Software

Cost of cloud and software consists primarily of customer
support costs, costs of developing custom solutions that
address customers’ specific business requirements, costs for
deploying and operating cloud solutions, amortization expenses
relating to intangibles, and license fees and commissions paid to
hird parties for databases and the other complementary third-
party products sublicensed by us to our customers.

n 2017, the cost of cloud and software increased 11% to
€3,893 million (2016: €3,495 million).

ain impact on costs was an additional €347 million year over
year for delivering and operating cloud applications in response
o the sustained strength of customer demand. These
investments contributed to revenue growth. Our margin on
cloud subscriptions and support narrowed from 56.1% in 2016
0 56.0% in 2017. This margin decline is attributable to

100

investments in our cloud business, which offset the strong
growth in cloud subscriptions and support revenue.

A 2% increase in software license and support revenue led to a
corresponding 2% increase in customer support costs to
€2,234 million, and enabled us to keep our software license and
support margin stable at 85.8% (2016: 85.9%). The gross
margin on cloud and software, defined as cloud and software
profit as a percentage of cloud and software revenue, narrowed
by lpp in 2017 to 80.1% (2016: 81.0%). This decline was mainly
driven by the change in the Cloud and Software revenue mix,
which now has a higher proportion of cloud subscriptions and
support revenues. Due to infrastructure costs, these revenues
currently deliver a lower margin and a declining proportion of
higher-margin software and support revenues.

Cost of Services

Cost of services consists primarily of the cost of consulting,
premium services and training personnel and the cost of
bought-in consulting and training resources.

Although we were able to increase our service revenue by 8%
year over year to €3,911 million in 2017 (2016: €3,638 million),
our service business continues to be greatly affected as we
trend away from classic software licensing and consulting
revenue toward more subscription revenue from cloud
solutions. In addition, we continue to invest in our SAP ONE
Service organization and in our customer co-innovation
projects. As a result, cost of services rose 2% to €3,158 million
(2016: €3,089 million). Our gross margin on services, defined as
services profit as a percentage of services revenue, increased
4.2pp to 19.3% (2016: 15.1%).

Research and Development Expense

Our research and development (R&D) expense consists
primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs
incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in our
R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and
software we use for our R&D activities.

Due to growing personnel costs driven by a 10% increase in our
yearly average R&D headcount, our R&D expense increased by
0% to €3,352 million in 2017 from €3,044 million in 2016. R&D
expense as a percentage of total revenue thus increased to
4.3% in 2017 (2016: 13.8%). For more information, see the
Products, Research & Development, and Services section.

Sales and Marketing Expense
Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel

costs, direct sales costs, and the cost of marketing our products
and services.

Our sales and marketing expense rose 11% from €6,265 million
in 2016 to €6,924 million in 2017. The increase was mainly the
result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
sales force, and of increased expenditure for bonus payments
prompted by the strong revenue growth. The ratio of sales and
marketing expense to total revenue, expressed as a percentage,
increased to 29.5% year over year (2016: 28.4%), an increase of
11pp.

General and Administration Expense

Our general and administration expense consists mainly of
personnel costs to support our finance and administration
unctions.

General and administration expense increased 7% from €1,005
million in 2016 to €1,075 million in 2017. This increase is
primarily the result of higher personnel costs related to job
creation in administrative areas, based on the increased
business volume related to our growth. Thanks to strong
operating results, the ratio of general and administration
expense to total revenue remained stable year over year at 4.6%
(2016: 4.6%).

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

101
Segment Information

At the end of 2017, SAP had two operating segments: the
Applications, Technology & Services segment and the SAP
Business Network segment.

For more information about our segment reporting, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Vote (28), and
the Performance Management System section.

Applications, Technology & Services Segment

€ millions, unless otherwise stated 2017 2016 Ain% Ain%

(Non-IFRS) (Constant
Currency)

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue —- SaaS/PaaS” 1,604 1,191

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin - SaaS/PaaS? (in %) 57 62

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (in %)

Segment revenue

Gross margin (in %)

Segment profit

1,932 1,400

® Infrastructure as a Service

The Applications, Technology & Services segment recorded a
strong increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue in
2017. As aconsequence of continuous strong demand in our
Human Capital Management solutions, and growing success of
our SAP Cloud Platform in the market, SaaS/PaaS revenue
increased 34.6% (36.6% at constant currencies). We also saw
SAP S/4HANA cloud and SAP Leonardo, our strategic offers for
the future, develop very positively, with high growth rates.

Our software support revenue further increased in 2017. It rose
3.3% (4.2% at constant currencies) to €10,890 million.
Including software licenses revenue, which remained at the
same level year over year (increased 2.4% at constant
currencies), we achieved a total software licenses and support
revenue of €15,762 million in 2017.

Overall, the revenue share of more predictable revenue streams
in this segment increased 1.3pp from 59.3% in 2016 to 60.7% in
2017.

The segment's cost of revenue during the same time period
increased 7.4% (8.2% at constant currencies) to €5,703 million
(2016: €5,311 million). This increase in expenses was primarily
the result of higher investment in expanding our cloud
infrastructure and in providing and operating our cloud
applications. This impacted particularly the SaaS/PaaS
business, whose margin consequently declined 4.3pp compared
to the year before. These costs were partially offset by our laaS
business that with an increasing level of maturity achieved
significant increases in efficiency. It ended the fiscal year with a
margin growth of 11.8pp (12.7pp at constant currencies).

102 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
SAP Business Network Segment

2017 2016 Ain% Ain%

(Constant
Currency)

€ millions, unless otherwise stated
(Non-IFRS)

Cl

Cloud su ns and support gross margin — SaaS/PaaS? (in %) p

ns and support revenue
ns and support gross margin (in %) 77 76 p

Cloud su
Cloud su

Segment revenue

Gross margin (in %)

Ss fit 385 341 3 6

Segment margin (in %) 7 18 -lp -lpp

» Software as a Service/Platform as a Service

The SAP Business Network segment was able to increase its
cloud subscriptions and support gross margin in 2017 (0.8pp) to
76.7%. This improvement is mainly attributable to increased

The revenue increased by 17.4% (19.4% at constant currencies)
to €2,261 million. As a result, the SAP Business Network
segment achieved a segment gross profit of €1,536 million in
2017 (2016: €1,295 million), an increase of 18.6% (20.7% at
constant currencies).

efficiency in operating costs. The segment's cost of revenue
increased 15.0% in 2017 (16.8% at constant currencies) to €725
million (2016: €631 million).

Reconciliation of Cloud Subscription Revenues and Margins

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

2017

2016

Ain%

Ain%

Actual
Currency

Constant
Currency

Actual
Currency

Actual
Currency

Constant
Currency

Cc

oud su

bscrip

SaaS/PaaS”

ions and su

por

SAP Business Network
segment

1,840

1,870

1,595

15

17

revenue —
Other

1,604

1,627

1,191

35

37

Total

3,443

3,497

2,786

24

26

oud su

bscrip

ions and su

por

revenue — laaS®

Clou

id subs:

criptions and support revenue

328

334

209

57

60

2,995

26

28

SAP Business Network
segment

77

77

76

Ipp

lpp

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin —

SaaS/PaaS’ (in %) Other

57

57

61

—4pp

—4pp

Total

68

68

70

~2pp

-2pp

Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin —
aaS? (in %)

Cloud subscriptions and support gross
margin (in %)

6

7

» Software as a Service/Platform as a Service
® Infrastructure as a Service

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

-6

12pp

13pp

64

-2pp

—2pp

103
Financial Income, Net

Financial income increased to €185 million (2016: -€38 million).
Our finance income was €463 million (2016: €230 million) and
our finance costs were €278 million (2016: €268 million).

Finance income mainly consists of gains from disposal of equity
securities totaling €382 million (2016: €164 million), interest
income from loans and receivables, and other financial assets
(cash, cash equivalents, and current investments) totaling

€49 million (2016: €40 million), and income from derivatives
otaling €44 million (2016: €29 million).

Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial
iabilities amounting to €90 million (2016: €108 million) and
negative effects from derivatives amounting to €116 million
(2016: €114 million). The decrease in finance costs is mainly due
o lower average indebtedness. For more information about
inancing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Vote (17b).

Income Taxes

The effective tax rate in 2017 was 19.3% (2016: 25.3%). The
year-over-year decrease in the effective tax rate mainly resulted
from one-time tax benefits relating to an intra-group transfer of
intellectual property rights to SAP SE and the U.S. tax reform
which were partly compensated by valuation allowances on
deferred tax assets and changes in the regional allocation of
income. For more information about income taxes, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, ote (JO).

Profit After Tax and Earnings per
Share

Profit after tax increased to €4,056 million in 2017 (2016:
€3,634 million).

Profit after Tax

€ millions | change since previous year

4,056

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Basic earnings per share increased to €3.36 (2016: €3.04). The

number of shares outstanding decreased to 1,197 million in 2017
(2016: 1,198 million).

104

Earnings per Share
€ | change since previous year

2.79 7’ :
. 2.75
2.56

18% 19%

-29
2% 1%

2013

2014 2015 2016 2017

Dividend

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately from
the profit the Company made in 2017. Until 2017, our policy was
to distribute more than 35% of profit after tax in dividend. After
the actual payout exceeded 40% of profit after tax in all of the
recent years we are amending our dividend policy. Our new
policy is to pay a dividend totaling 40% or more of profit after
tax.

The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will recommend
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that the total
dividend be increased by 12% to €1.40 per share (2016: €1.25).
Based on this recommendation, the overall dividend payout ratio
(which here means total distributed dividend as a percentage of
profit) would be 41% (2016: 41%).

If the shareholders approve this recommendation and if treasury
shares remain at the 2017 closing level, the total amount
distributed in dividends would be €1,671 million. The actual
amount distributed may be different from this total because the
number of shares held in treasury may change before the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. In 2017, we distributed
€1,499 million in dividends from our 2016 profit after tax and
repurchased SAP treasury shares for €500 million. There was
no share buyback in 2016.

Dividend per Share

€ | change since previous year

1.40

1.25

1.00

18%

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
Finances (IFRS)

Overview

Global Financial Management

We use global centralized financial management to control liquid
assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and currencies.
The primary aim of our financial management is to maintain
liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our
obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity managed
centrally by the Group, so that liquid assets across the Group
can be consolidated, monitored, and invested in accordance
with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help keep SAP
flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various credit
facilities are currently available for additional liquidity, if
required. For more information about these facilities, see the
Credit Facilities section.

We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and
foreign exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use
selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for
speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative
instrument for which we do not have corresponding underlying
transactions. The rules for the use of derivatives and other rules
and processes concerning the management of financial risks are
documented in our treasury guideline, which applies globally to
all companies in the Group. For more information about the
management of each financial risk and about our risk exposure,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Votes
(24) to (26).

Liquidity Management

Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments is funds generated from our business operations.
Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has been
to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements
resulting from our growth, to quickly repay financial debt, to
acquire businesses, to pay dividends on our shares, and to buy
back SAP shares on the open market. On December 31, 2017,
our cash, cash equivalents, and current investments were
primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars. We generally invest only
in the financial assets of issuers or funds with a minimum credit
rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of cautious investment
characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of
counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and
standard investment instruments. Investments in financial
assets of issuers with a credit rating lower than BBB were not
material in 2017.

We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our operating financing
needs in 2018 and, together with expected cash flows from
operations, will support debt repayments and our currently

planned capital expenditure requirements over the near term
and medium term. It may also be necessary to enter into
financing transactions when additional funds are required that
cannot be wholly sourced from free cash flow (for example, to
finance large acquisitions).

To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of
businesses, products, and technologies. Depending on our
future cash position and future market conditions, we might
issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain
financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we
continuously monitor funding options available in the capital
markets and trends in the availability of funds, as well as the
cost of such funding. In recent years, we were able to repay
additional debt within a short period of time due to our
persistently strong free cash flow. For more information about
the financial debt, see the Cash Flows and Liquidity section.

Capital Structure Management

The primary objective of our capital structure management is to
maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and
customer confidence, and to support the growth of our
business. We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow
us to cover our funding requirements through the capital
markets at reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high
level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility.

For more information about the capital structure and its
analysis, see the Analysis of Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position section and the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Vote (21).

The long-term credit rating for SAP SE is “A2” by Moody’s with
stable outlook, and “A” by Standard & Poor’s with positive
outlook.

Our general intention is to remain in a position to return liquidity
to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends totaling
more than 40% of our profit after tax and potentially
repurchasing treasury shares in future.

Credit Facilities

Other sources of capital are available to us through various
credit facilities, if required.

To retain high financial flexibility, on November 20, 2017, SAP
SE entered into a €2.5 billion syndicated credit facility
agreement with an initial term of five years plus two one-year
extension options, replacing its previous credit facility of €2.0
billion from 2013. The credit facility may be used for general
corporate purposes. A possible future utilization is not subject to
any financial covenants. Borrowings under the facility bear
interest of EURIBOR or LIBOR for the respective currency plus a
margin of 0.17%. We are also required to pay a commitment fee
of 0.0595% per annum on the unused available credit. So far,

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 105
we have not used, and do not currently foresee any need to use,
this credit facility.

As at December 31, 2017, SAP SE had additional available credit
facilities totaling €474 million. Several of our foreign
subsidiaries have credit facilities available that allow them to

Financial Debts

borrow funds at prevailing interest rates. As at December 31,
2017, approximately €36 million was available through such
arrangements. There were immaterial borrowings outstanding
under these credit facilities from our foreign subsidiaries as at
December 31, 2017.

Maturity Profile of Financial Debts

€ millions
Fixed = Variable
1,298
1,085
1,000
892
750
600
370 1,000 1,085
269
185 189
2018 2019 2020 2022 2023 2024 2025 2027
ominal volume of financial debt on December 31, 2017, Cash Flows and Li uidit
included amounts in euros (€5,150 million) and U.S. dollars q y
(€1,090 million). Approximately 50% of the financial debt was oo.
held at variable interest rates, partially swapped from fixed into Group Liquidity
variable using interest rate swaps.
€ millions 2017 2016 A
n 2018, the Company intends to repay two Eurobond tranches ;
of €1,150 million in total as well as a U.S. private placement Cash and cash equivalents 4,011 3,702 309
ranche of US$150 million in total when they mature. ec
Group liquidity 4785 4,673 112
Financial Debt Current financial debt -1,299 -1,435 136
€ millions (Netliguidity a umnnl M86, 3238 2a
Non-current financial debt -4,965 -6,390 1,425
Bonds 5,150 Net liquidity 2 1,479 -3,153 1,673
Private Placement 1,090

Bank Loan | 24

For more information about our financial debt, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements, Vote (/7).

Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for
example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time deposits
with original maturity of three months or less) and current
investments (for example, investments with original maturities
of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less
than one year included in other financial assets) as reported in
our Consolidated Financial Statements. Net liquidity is Group
liquidity less total financial debt as defined above.

106 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
Group liquidity on December 31, 2017, primarily comprised
amounts in euros and U.S. dollars.

The increase in Group liquidity compared to 2016 was mainly
due to cash inflows from our operations. They were offset by
cash outflows for dividend payments, purchase of treasury
shares, and repayments of borrowings.

For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents,
current investments, and our financial liabilities on our income
statements, see the analysis of our financial income, net, in the
Operating Results (FRS) section.

Group Liquidity Development

€ millions

5,045

-1,275
-291

4,673

-1,499 29

4,785
~1,391

-500

Group Liquidity Operating Capital Acquisitions Dividends Repayments of Purchase of Other Group Liquidity
12/31/2016 Cash Flow Expenditure Paid Borrowings Treasury 12/31/2017
Shares

Analysis of Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flow

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

€ millions 2017 2016 Ain%
Net cash flows from operating 5,045 4,628 9
activities
Net cash flows from investing -1,112 -1,799 -38
activities
Net cash flows from financing -3,406 -2,705 26

activities

In 2017, cash inflows from operating activities increased by
€417 million to €5,045 million (2016: €4,628 million). This result
is due to a €145 million decrease in income tax payments
compared to the prior year and improved working capital
management, which can be shown in decreased days’ sales
outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as the average
number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt from the
customer, which went down four days in 2017 to 70 days (2016:
74 days).

Cash outflows from investment activities were €1,112 million in
2017 (2016: €1,799 million). The decrease was caused by net

cash inflows from sales and purchases of equity or debt
instruments of other entities, totaling €358 million in 2017
compared to a net cash outflow €756 million in 2016. Cash
outflows from the purchases of intangible assets and property,
plant, and equipment increased by €274 million to

€1,275 million in 2017, while cash outflows from business
combinations increased by €185 million to €291 million in 2017.
For more information about current and planned capital
expenditures, see the Assets section and the /nvestment Goals
section.

Net cash outflows from financing activities were €3,406 million
in 2017, compared to €2,705 million in 2016. The 2017 cash
outflows resulted from repayments of €1,000 million in
Eurobonds and US$442.5 million in U.S. private placements
when they matured. Cash outflows in 2016 resulted from
repayments of a €1,250 million bank loan that we had taken to
finance the Concur acquisition. The repayment was partly
refinanced through the issuance of a €400 million Eurobond. We
also repaid a US$600 million U.S. private placement in 2016.

The dividend payment of €1,499 million made in 2017 exceeded
the amount of €1,378 million from the prior year, as a result of
the increased dividend paid per share from €1.15 to €1.25. In
2017, we repurchased shares in the amount of €500 million
(2016: €0).

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 107
Assets (IFRS)

Analysis of Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position

Total assets decreased by 4% year over year to €42,497 million.

Assets
Percent
mNon-current © Current
2017
2016 74 26

Total current assets increased slightly by 3% in 2017 from
€11,564 million to €11,930 million. This was mainly due to an
increase in cash and cash equivalents based on the cash inflows
from our operating activities.

Investment in Goodwill, Intangible Assets, and
Property, Plant, and Equipment

€ millions | change since previous year

8,636

377%

69% 42%
-74% -92%

1,813
1,145 1,630

676 ||

2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

Total non-current assets decreased by 7% in 2017 to
€30,567 million compared to the previous year’s figure of
€32,713 million. This change was mainly due to foreign-
exchange related revaluations.

Liabilities
Percent
m= Shareholder's equity © Non-current Current
2017 24
2016 18 22

108

Current liabilities increased by 6% to €10,210 million in 2017 as
compared to the prior year (€9,674 million), which was mainly
due to an increase of income tax liabilities as well as accruals for
our share-based payments.

Total non-current liabilities decreased by €1,458 million in 2017
to €6,747 million compared to the previous year’s figure of
€8,205 million. This is due to reclassifications from non-current
to current financial liabilities to reflect the respective maturity
profile.

For more information about financing activities in 2017, see the
Finances (/FRS) section.

The equity ratio (that is, the ratio of shareholders’ equity to total
assets) remained stable at 60% (prior year: 60%).

Equity Ratio
Percent | change since previous year
60 60
59 56
51
Spp Spp App
-8pp

2016

2013 2014 2015 2017

Principal Capital Expenditures and
Divestitures Currently in Progress

In 2017, we continued various construction projects and started
new construction activities in several locations. Except for one
new office building in Walldorf, which is intended to be partially
financed by a promotional loan, we plan to finance all of these
projects from operating cash flow. Our most important projects
are listed below:

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
Construction Projects

vgn
Country Location of Facility Short Description Estimated Total Costs Incurred as at Estimated
Cost December 31, 2017 Completion Date
Germany Walldor New data center phase 65 46 April 2018 .
URIS SERGE GOISPRIS STIS CO NSW ESS CSRS eee ae re ee
GSE WRG ene” Kae SHAS BUN FOP BBE ABO ga rs re ses
employees
SERS WISE eee” Kae SES SESE BASS BT ge en eee sie
erg a ey mmm eng ea
employees
Geri WII SEE ne RiswT OFGS BUGIS FOF SDPO, FOO TTT TTT gap renga we ee
nissan snes, COVERS cessing uneasiness
Germany Munich New office building for approx. 850 95 (0) April 2021
employees

For more information about planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. There were no material divestitures

within the reporting period.

Competitive Intangibles

The resources that are the basis for our current as well as future
success do not appear in the Consolidated Financial
Statements. This is apparent from a comparison of the market
capitalization of SAP SE (based on all issued shares), which was
€114.8 billion at the end of 2017 (2016: €101.7 billion), with the
book value of our equity in the Consolidated Financial
Statements, which was €25.5 billion (2016: €26.4 billion). This
means that the market capitalization of our equity is nearly five
times higher than the book value. The difference is mainly due to
certain internally generated intangible resources that the
applicable accounting standards do not allow to be recorded (at
all or at fair value) in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
They include customer capital (our customer base and
customer relations); employees and their knowledge and skills;
our ecosystem of partners; software we developed ourselves;
our ability to innovate; the brands we have built up, in particular,
the SAP brand itself; and our organization.

As of December 31, 2017, SAP was the most valuable company
in Germany in terms of market capitalization based on all issued
shares.

n 2017, SAP’s brand value again increased. According to the
nterbrand “Best Global Brands” annual survey, SAP ranked as
he 21st most valued brand in the world (2016: 22nd). Against
other German brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind
ercedes-Benz and BMW, and ninth globally against other
brands in the technology sector. Interbrand determined our
brand value to be US$22.6 billion, an increase of 6% compared
o the previous year (2016: US$21.3 billion).

The results of our current and past investment in research and
development are also a significant element in our competitive
intangibles.

Our customer capital continued to grow in 2017. At the end of
2017, we had more than 378,000 customers (2016: 345,000) in
various market segments. We serve customers in more than 180
countries. In addition, 98% of the 100 most valued brands, 87%
of the Forbes Global 2000 companies, and 100% of the Dow
Jones top-scoring sustainability companies are SAP customers.
For more information about our customers, see the Customers
section.

Employee-related activities increased the value of our employee
base and our own software. For more information, see the
Employees and Social /nvestment section, and the Products.
Research & Development, and Services section.

Report on the Economic
Position of SAP SE

SAP SE is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany, and is the
parent company of the SAP Group, which comprises 228
companies. SAP SE is the Group holding company and employs
most of the Group’s Germany-based development and service
and support personnel.

As the owner of the intellectual property in most SAP software,
SAP SE derives its revenue mainly from software license fees
paid by its subsidiaries for the right to market SAP solutions and
bears the group-wide research and development expenses for
the most part.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 109
By way of an intragroup transaction, SAP SE acquired, in
December 2017, the former hybris business from SAP (Schweiz)
AG, Switzerland. The acquired business includes all intellectual
property rights related to SAP Hybris solutions and the shares in
hybris GmbH, Germany, and hybris (US) Corp., USA. In return,
SAP SE paid €172 million in cash and assumed a liability of SAP
(Schweiz) AG against SAP Holdings (UK), United Kingdom, in
the amount of €2,012 million.

The SAP SE annual financial statements are prepared in
accordance with the reporting standards in the German
Commercial Code in the version of the Accounting Directive
Implementation Act BilRUG and the German Stock Corporation
Act. The full SAP SE annual financial report and unqualified audit
report are submitted to the operator of the Elektronischer
Bundesanzeiger (Online German Federal Gazette) for
publication and inclusion in the Unternehmensregister (German
Business Register). It is available from SAP SE on request.

Income

SAP SE’s income statement is classified following the nature of
expense method and presents amounts in millions of euros.

SAP SE Income Statement —- German Commercial
Code (Short Version)

€ millions 2017 2016
Total revenue 13,634 12,578
“Sreroeeatnemeawe rvs ae
"Cost of services and materials "-8,079 -7.337
“Romonielepences es
"Depreciation and amortization - 263
“Other cperatingoaenses re
Operating profit 2,215
Finance income 1,155
Income before taxes 3,370
mp a
Income after taxes 2,610
ee on
2,595,

Net income

The total revenue of SAP SE in 2017 was €13,634 million
(2016: €12,578 million), an increase of 8 %. Product revenue
increased 8% to €10,928 million (2016: €10,157 million). As in
previous years, product revenue was primarily generated from
license fees paid by subsidiaries of SAP SE.

Service revenue increased 7% to €529 million in 2017 (2016:
€493 million), other revenue increased by 13% to €2,176 million
(2016: €1,927 million).

SAP SE operating profit increased 1% to €2,246 million
(2016: €2,215 million). Other operating income decreased

144€ million to €1,074 million (2016: €1,218 million). The year-
over-year increase is primarily due to a decrease in gains from
currency effects. SAP SE cost of services and materials
increased 10 % to €8,079 million (2016: €7,337 million).
Services received increased €781 million to £5,918 million
(2016: €5,137 million), mainly due to increased services
received in the context of intra-group cost allocations. The main
contributors to that increase were continued group-wide
investments in research and development activities as well as
greater revenue-related and investment-related cloud
subscriptions and support costs.

SAP SE personnel expenses, mainly the labor cost of software
developers, service and support employees, and administration
staff employed by SAP SE, increased 11% to €2,035 million
(2016: €1,838 million). This increase was mainly driven by an
increase in headcount and higher costs related to share-based
compensation. Other operating expenses decreased by €90
million to €2,053 million (2016: €2,143 million). This decrease is
mainly attributable to a €192 million decrease in losses from
currency effects and a €31 million decrease in the impairment of
receivables. The decreases were partly offset by higher rental
costs, an increase in expenses for other services, and an
increase in restructuring costs.

Finance income was €1,745 million (2016: €1,155 million), a
year-over-year increase of €590 million. This increase is
primarily due to a €797 million higher income from investments
in associates, an increase of €24 million in the net interest
income, and a decrease of €16 million in write-downs of financial
assets. These were partly offset by a €257 million decrease in
results from profit and loss transfer agreements.

SAP SE income before taxes increased €621 million to

€3,991 million (2016: €3,370 million). Income taxes increased
by €364 million to €1,124 million (2016: €760 million). After
deducting taxes, the resulting net income is €2,856 million
(2016: €2,595 million), an increase of €261 million year over
year.

110 Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis
Assets and Financial Position

In 2017, SAP SE total assets closed at €34,770 million
(2016: €32,706 million).

SAP SE Balance Sheet as at December 31-
German Commercial Code
(Short Version)

€ millions 2017 2016

Assets

Intangible assets

2,146 147

25,338

Financial assets 25,939
Fixed assets 29,367 26,596
ae oe ae
“Accounts receivable andother assets (iti, SSC«ST
“Marketable securities andLiquid ==s—(ititi«ésSSC(t;‘«id‘ON
assets
Short-term assets 4,947 5,759
Prepaid expenses and deferred charges 226 205
Deferred taxes 227 144
Surplus arising from offsetting 3 2
Total assets 34,770. 32,706
Equity and liabilities
Shareholders' equity 16,171 15,291
Provisions 1,671 1,339
Liabilities 16,917 16,069
Deferred income 12 7
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 34,770 32,706

Intangible assets increased by €1,999 million to €2,146 million.
This significant increase was caused by net additions of
€1,355 million in goodwill and of €651 million in intellectual
property and other similar rights in connection with the hybris
business transfer. Due to investments in IT infrastructure,
property, plant and equipment rose by €171 million to

€1,282 million (2016: €1,111 million). Financial assets increased
€601 million year over year to €25,939 million
(2016: €25,338 million), mainly due to capital contributions to
subsidiaries and the acquisition of hybris GmbH, Germany, and
hybris (US) Corp.

The decrease of €422 million in accounts receivable and other
assets was primarily the result of €229 million lower tax
receivables and €191 million lower receivables from affiliated
companies. Marketable securities and liquid assets decreased
by €389 million to €731 million (2016: €1,120 million).

SAP SE shareholders’ equity rose 6% to €16,171 million
(2016: €15,291 million). Against outflows of €1,499 million
associated with the payment of the 2016 dividend and

€500 million for the repurchase of stock in treasury, there was a
€2,856 million increase in net income and an inflow of

€22 million from the issuance of shares to service the share-
based payments of employees. The equity ratio (that is, the ratio
of shareholders’ equity to total assets) remained unchanged at
47%.

Provisions increased €332 million to €1,671 million

(2016: €1,339 million). Other provisions increased €97 million to
€1,050 million (2016: €953 million), primarily as a result of
higher additions to other employee-related liabilities and
provisions for outstanding invoices on goods and services. In
contrast, provisions for losses from derivative forward contracts
decreased. Reserves for tax increased €234 million to

€615 million (2016: €381 million).

Liabilities increased €848 million to €16,917 million

(2016: €16,069 million). This increase is the net amount from
two effects: On the one hand, liabilities to affiliated companies
increased by €1,917 million, thereof €1,755 million relate to still-
outstanding labilities assumed in the course of the hybris
transfer. On the other hand, SAP SE made a scheduled
repayment of two bonds of €500 million each.

Opportunities and Risks

SAP SE is subject to essentially the same opportunities and risks
as the SAP Group. For more information, see the A/sk
Management and Risks section as well as the Expected
Developments and Opportunities section.

Combined Management Report | Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 111
Corporate Governance Fundamentals

Corporate Governance
Statement

The German Commercial Code, section 315d in connection with
section 289f, requires that, as a listed company, SAP SE
publishes a corporate governance statement either as part of
our management report or on our Web site. The Executive Board
of SAP SE filed the corporate governance statement on
February 20, 2018, and published it on our public Web site at
www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance.

For more information about the corporate governance of SAP,
see the Corporate Governance Report section.

Changes in Management

Steve Singh, the Executive Board member responsible for
Business Networks and Applications, left SAP on April 30, 2017.

The Supervisory Board decided to expand the responsibilities of
he Executive Board members Robert Enslin and Bernd Leukert
as of May 1, 2017. Further, Adaire Fox-Martin and Jennifer
organ were appointed to the Executive Board effective May 1,
2017. They assumed global responsibility for SAP’s sales
organization.

n October 2017, Christian Klein, Chief Operating Officer, was
appointed to the Executive Board effective January 1, 2018. He
eads the new board area Global Business Operations.
Additionally, the Supervisory Board extended the Executive
Board contract of Michael Kleinemeier until December 31, 2019.

Information Concerning
Takeovers

Information required under the German Commercial Code,
sections 289a (1) and 315a (1), with an explanatory report:

Composition of share capital: For information about the
composition of SAP SE share capital as at December 31, 2017,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,

Note (20). Each share entitles the bearer to one vote. American
depositary receipts (ADRs) representing our shares are listed on
the New York Stock Exchange in the United States. ADRs are
certificates representing non-U.S. shares and are traded on U.S.
stock exchanges instead of the underlying shares. One SAP ADR
corresponds to one SAP share.

Restrictions applying to share voting rights or transfers: SAP
shares are not subject to transfer restrictions except the lock-up

period under the SAP Share Matching Plan (SMP), described
below. SAP held 35,098,989 treasury shares as at December 31,
2017, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
Note (20). Treasury shares do not carry voting rights or dividend
rights or other rights. Shares issued under the employee SMP
are partly subject to contractual transfer restrictions for a three-
year lock-up period unless the plan member's employment with
SAP is ended under certain circumstances during that period.
Until that lock-up period has expired, participating employees
are not ordinarily allowed to dispose of the shares they have
acquired under the plan. We are not aware of any other
restrictions applying to share voting rights or to share transfers.

Shareholdings that exceed 10% of the voting rights: We are
not aware of any direct or indirect SAP SE shareholdings that
exceed 10% of the voting rights.

Shares with special rights conferring powers of control: No
SAP shareholder has special rights conferring powers of control.

Type of control over voting rights applying to employee
shareholders who do not directly exercise their control rights:
As with other shareholders, employee holders of SAP shares
exercise their control rights in accordance with the law and the
Articles of Incorporation. In votes on the formal approval of their
acts at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, employee
representatives on the Supervisory Board, as all other members
of the Supervisory Board, are prohibited from exercising the
voting rights associated with their shares.

Requirements concerning appointments and dismissals of
members of the Executive Board and amendments to the
Articles of Incorporation:

Conditions for the appointment and dismissal of members of the
Executive Board and amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
reflect the relevant provisions of applicable European and
German law, including Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001
on the Statute for a European Company (“SE Regulation”) and
the German Stock Corporation Act. Under the Articles of
Incorporation, the Executive Board consists of at least two
members, who are appointed for a period of not more than five
years by the Supervisory Board in accordance with the SE
Regulation, articles 39 and 46. The number of members of the
Executive Board is decided by the Supervisory Board. Executive
Board members may be reappointed for, or their term of office
extended by, a maximum of five years. A simple majority of the
Supervisory Board membership is required for Executive Board
appointments. In the event of a tie, the chairperson of the
Supervisory Board has the deciding vote. The Supervisory Board

112 Combined Management Report | Corporate Governance Fundamentals
can appoint a chairperson of the Executive Board and one or
more deputy chairpersons from among the members of the
Executive Board. The Supervisory Board can revoke
appointments to the Executive Board in accordance with the SE
Regulation, article 9, and the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 84, if compelling reasons exist, such as gross negligence
on the part of the Executive Board member. If the Executive
Board is short of a required member, one may be appointed in
urgent cases by a court in accordance with the SE Regulation,
article 9, and the German Stock Corporation Act, section 85. In
accordance with the SE Regulation, article 59, and the German
Stock Corporation Act, section 179, an amendment of the
Articles of Incorporation requires a resolution of the General
Meeting of Shareholders with a majority of at least three-
quarters of the valid votes cast. For any amendments of the
Articles of Incorporation that require a simple majority for stock
corporations established under German law, however, the

simple majority of the valid votes cast is sufficient if at least half
of the subscribed capital is represented or, in the absence of
such quorum, the majority prescribed by law (that is, two-thirds
of the votes cast, pursuant to article 59 of the SE Regulation) is
sufficient. Section 11 (2) of the Articles of Incorporation
authorizes the Supervisory Board to amend the Articles of
Incorporation where such amendments only concern the
wording.

Power to issue and repurchase shares: The Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders on May 12, 2016, granted powers to the
Executive Board, subject to the consent of the Supervisory
Board, to issue convertible and/or warrant-linked bonds, profit-
sharing rights and/or income bonds (or combinations of these
instruments), and to grant conversion or option rights in respect
of SAP SE shares representing a total attributable portion of the
share capital of not more than €100 million secured by a
corresponding amount of contingent capital. These powers will
expire on May 11, 2021. The Executive Board is also authorized
until May 19, 2020, to increase the share capital by not more
than €250 million by issuing new shares against contributions in
cash and to increase the share capital by not more than

€250 million by issuing new shares against contributions in cash
or in kind. For more information about the different tranches of
authorized capital and the aforementioned contingent capital,
see the Articles of Incorporation, section 4. The Annual General
eeting of Shareholders on June 4, 2013, granted a power to the
Executive Board in accordance with the German Stock
Corporation Act, section 71 (1)(8), to buy back for treasury on or
before June 3, 2018, SAP SE shares attributable in total to not
more than €120 million of the share capital. The power is subject
o the proviso that the shares repurchased, together with any
shares that were previously acquired and are still held by SAP in
reasury and any other shares controlled by SAP, must not in
otal exceed 10% of SAP’s share capital. Executive Board
powers, such as those described to issue and repurchase stock
and to grant rights of conversion and subscription to shares of

Combined Management Report | Corporate Governance Fundamentals

SAP, are widely followed common practice among German
companies such as SAP. They give the Executive Board the
flexibility it needs, in particular, the option to use SAP shares as
consideration in equity investments, raise funds on the financial
markets at short notice on favorable terms, or return value to
shareholders during the course of the year.

Material agreements with change of control provisions:
SAP SE has concluded the following material agreements with
provisions that take effect in the event of a change of control,
whether following a takeover bid or otherwise:

The terms of SAP’s syndicated €2.5 billion revolving credit
facility include a change-of-control clause. For more information
about this syndicated credit facility, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, Vote (25). This clause
obliges SAP SE to notify the banks in case of a change of control.
If, on receiving the notification, banks that represent at least
two-thirds of the credit volume so require, the banks have the
right to cancel the credit facility and demand complete
repayment of the outstanding debt. If no continuation agree-
ment is reached, the credit facility would end and the obligation
to repay would become effective at an ascertainable time.

SAP has Eurobonds totaling €5.15 billion outstanding as of
December 31, 2017. For more information about SAP’s
Eurobonds, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Vote (176). Under the terms agreed with the
buyers, we are required to notify the buyers of any change of
control without delay. If there is a change of control and SAP is
consequently assigned a lower credit rating within a defined
period, buyers are entitled to demand repayment.

Under the terms of our U.S. private placements totaling
approximately US$1.3 billion, we are required to offer lenders
repayment of outstanding debt if there is a change of control
and SAP is consequently assigned a lower credit rating within a
defined period. For more information about these private
placements, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Vote (176). Lenders would have at least 30 days to
accept the offer.

We have entered into relationships with other companies to
jointly develop and market new software products. These
relationships are governed by development and marketing
agreements with the respective companies. Some of the
agreements include provisions that, in the event of a change of
control over one of the parties, give the other party a right to
consent to the assignment of the agreement or to terminate it.

Change of control provisions in Executive Board
compensation agreements: Agreements have been concluded
with the members of the Executive Board concerning
compensation in the event of a change of control. These
agreements, which are customary in Germany and elsewhere,
are described in the compensation report, which is an integral
part of this management report. We have no analogous
compensation agreements with our other employees.

113
Business Conduct

Championing Excellence in
Business Conduct

In our business, trust is everything. We know that to engage with
SAP fully, our customers must first trust that our business
practices adhere to the highest standards of compliance and
integrity. However, all too often we see the impact of poor
business conduct in the wider business community. Corrupt and
unethical practices irreparably damage brand reputations and
lead to punitive financial penalties for the organizations involved.
Such behavior undermines the rule of international law and is
also linked to poverty and irreversible environmental damage
across the globe.

New fraud and corruption schemes are discovered frequently.
We must therefore constantly adapt our compliance approach
to incorporate new best practices and meet new challenges.

Doing Business the Right Way

SAP has developed a compliance management system that
includes detailed policies and procedures that enable SAP to do
business the right way. Audited regularly internally, the system
encompasses all aspects of compliance management — from the
analysis of compliance risks and defining objectives to running
compliance programs as well as ongoing monitoring.

As with all governance protocols, the compliance management
system cannot completely eliminate attempted misconduct. We
focus on preventive measures as the most effective way to
mitigate compliance risks, supported by detective and reactive
activities.

To help foster a corporate culture where compliance is taken
seriously, we have a code of business conduct. Approved by the
SAP Executive Board, the code sets the standard for our
dealings with customers, partners, competitors, and vendors. It
is adapted locally and translated into local languages.

Key areas covered by the code of business conduct include:

— Prohibition of bribery and corruption in all its forms, including
facilitation or “grease payments”

— Gifts and business entertainment limits

— Full, fair, and accurate accounting

— Conflicts of interest

- Confidentiality

— Anti-competitive practices

— Data protection and privacy rights

114

SAP has also established policies to maintain high standards
within the following areas:

— Regulation of the appointment and remuneration of sales
agents

— Charitable and political donations

— Intellectual property

— Accounting and financial reporting

— Export control and sanctions laws

— Data protection and privacy

— Sustainability

In addition, we expect our partners and suppliers to commit to
meeting our high standards of integrity and sustainability. For
this reason, we have in place the SAP Partner Code of Conduct
and the SAP Supplier Code of Conduct so that partners and
suppliers understand what is expected of them.

Providing Comprehensive
Training

A code of business conduct is only effective if everyone knows
about it. That is why our employees receive full training on the
standards that we expect. Our training programs cover, for
example, guidelines on anti-corruption, competition law,
governance for customer commitments, intellectual property,
and information security.

In 2016, we introduced mandatory online training for all
employees worldwide. In total, more than 81,500 employees
(90% of SAP staff) received this training by the end of 2017.

Region Training sessions Training sessions
completed by employees, completed by employees,
in % in headcount

Americas 39 23,697

APJ 91 20,719

EMEA 88 37,104

Breakdown of our training activities

In addition, our legal compliance and integrity office (LCIO)
holds classroom training sessions for employees across the
organization — from customer-facing staff to individuals in
supporting roles such as corporate affairs and marketing.
Furthermore, information about our compliance policies is
included in onboarding sessions.

Combined Management Report | Business Conduct
Communicating Our Standards

Quarterly newsletters provide employees with information ona
range of compliance-related topics. We ask business ethics and
compliance-related questions in our annual People Survey and
in company-wide polls throughout the year. In addition,
employees can use our Corporate Portal at any time for quick
and easy access to all global policies along with guidelines and
additional information.

The LCIO conducts ongoing programs of calls and meetings to
raise awareness of business conduct issues. Meanwhile, regular
e-mail communications with subsidiaries and the availability of
information in local languages help to promote leading
standards of business conduct across every part of the SAP
ecosystem.

In 2016, SAP introduced its partner integrity initiative, a global
audit program. This initiative assesses whether our partners are
operating in compliance with our partner code of conduct,
especially in the area of anti-bribery and corruption law
compliance. The initiative also provides partners with
opportunities to enhance their own compliance management
systems.

Analyzing Compliance Risk

At SAP, we have mechanisms in place to prevent issues as well
as means to address issues, should they arise. We review SAP
business units for potential bribery or corruption risk on an
ongoing basis. For example, in 2017, we analyzed quantitative
data about SAP entities supporting 138 countries. This data
includes revenue information, number of employees,
percentage of public sector business, number of fraud
allegations or incidents, changes or updates to relevant laws,
and other quantitative information.

Based on this information and local management input, we
determine a risk ranking for each country and a general risk
profile for subsidiary locations. Generally, we find that our
primary compliance risks are related to corruption, occupational
fraud, export controls, and intellectual property. For more
information, see our A’sk Report section.

Enforcing Policies

SAP is committed to ensuring that compliance policies are
strictly enforced, and that any infringements are quickly flagged
and acted upon. To achieve this, we have an effective global
network of compliance officers who act as business conduct
ambassadors.

The LCIO oversees the development and implementation of our
code of business conduct, as well as other related policies and
our anti-corruption compliance program. Global compliance
officers are based at SAP headquarters and in important
markets, especially where there are local language needs. In

Combined Management Report | Business Conduct

addition, compliance officers at local subsidiaries assess issues
and escalate them when necessary.

In addition to making regular reports to the CFO and the
Executive Board, the chief global compliance officer reports to
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board at least once a
year. Matters of significance are brought to the attention of the
Executive Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board when required.

Facilitating Reporting and
Remediation

Employees at all levels of the organization must disclose
conflicts of interest to the LCIO. Disclosures are then followed
up with guidance or mitigation if necessary.

If employees are concerned that our code of business conduct
has been breached, or if they need advice on a compliance issue,
they can access support in a number of ways. For example, they
can:

— Call our governance helpline at +49 6227 7-40022

— E-mail the legal compliance and integrity office at global-
compliance-office@sap.com

— Contact local compliance officers by e-mail or telephone

— Use the anonymous online whistleblower tool

Reporting channels are published on SAP Corporate Portal,
SAP.com, and in our codes of conduct for partners and
suppliers. Most of these reporting mechanisms are available day
and night, and concerns are treated as confidentially as possible
in light of subsequent investigation. All concerns are
investigated, and remedial action is taken if necessary. This may
include termination of employment.

Investigating Misconduct

SAP received communications alleging conduct that may violate
anti-bribery laws. Furthermore, we are investigating allegations
regarding conduct that certain independent SAP partners
violated SAP contractual terms and sold SAP products and
services in embargoed countries. We are also investigating
allegations regarding direct sales between SAP and certain
customers who may have engaged in unauthorized activities in
embargoed countries. For more information on the allegations
and our reaction to them, see Note 23.

115
Risk Management and Risks

Our Risk Management

Internal Control and Risk
Management System

As aglobal company, SAP is exposed to a broad range of risks
across our business operations. As a consequence, our
Executive Board has established comprehensive internal control
and risk management structures that enable us to identify and
analyze risks early and take appropriate action. Our risk
management and internal control system is designed to identify
potential events that could negatively impact the Company and
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the operating
effectiveness over our financial reporting while ensuring the
achievement of the Company objectives, specifically our ability
to achieve our financial, operational, or strategic goals as
planned.

This system comprises numerous control mechanisms and is an
important element of our corporate decision-making process; it
is therefore implemented as an integral part of SAP’s business
processes across the entire Group. We have adopted an
integrated risk management and internal control approach to
help maintain effective global risk management while also
enabling us to aggregate risks and report on them transparently.

Due to our public listings in both Germany and the United
States, we are subject to both German and U.S. regulatory
requirements that relate to risk management and internal
controls over financial reporting, such as provisions in the
German Stock Corporation Act, section 91 (2) and the U.S.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) of 2002, specifically sections 302
and 404. Hence, our Executive Board has established an early
warning system (risk management system) to ensure
compliance with applicable regulations and an effective
management of risks.

Our risk management system based upon the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
Enterprise Risk Management — Integrating with Strategy and
Performance, updated in 2017, is founded on three pillars, which
include a dedicated risk management policy, a standardized risk
management methodology, and a global risk management
organization. Our internal control system consists of the internal
control and risk management system for financial reporting
(ICRMSFR) that also covers the broader business environment.
In 2017, we adjusted existing control designs to adequately
address the evolving risk environment and continued to

116

automate our internal control landscape, leveraging continuous
control monitoring and continuous auditing activities in selected
business areas. Using the current COSO Internal Control —
Integrated Framework of 2013, we have defined and
implemented internal controls along the value chain ona
process and subprocess level to ensure that sound business
objectives are set in line with the organization's strategic,
operational, financial, and compliance goals. In addition, we have
a governance model in place across risk management and the
internal control system to ensure both systems are effective, as
well as a central software solution to store, maintain, and report
all risk-relevant information.

Risk Management Policy and
Framework

The risk management policy issued by our Executive Board
governs how we handle risk in line with the Company's risk
appetite and defines a methodology that is applied uniformly
across all parts of the Group. The policy, updated and rolled out
in 2017, stipulates who is responsible for conducting risk
management activities and defines reporting and monitoring
structures. Along with the policy, we introduced a new system-
based Risk Management Policy Cockpit, describing all business
process specifics associated with the risk management lifecycle.
Our global corporate audit function conducts regular audits to
assess the effectiveness of our risk management system. Every
year, SAP’s external auditor assesses if the SAP SE early risk
identification system is adequate to identify risks that might
endanger our ability to continue as a going concern. SAP’s
enterprise risk management covers risks in the areas of
strategy, operational business, financial reporting, and
compliance. As of today, the risk management system analyzes
risks and only assesses or analyzes opportunities where it is
deemed appropriate.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
Risk Management Methodology and
Reporting

The following describes the key elements of the risk
management process as part of SAP’s risk management policy:

Risk Assessment

Risk planning and risk identification for both internal and
external risks are conducted in cooperation between risk
managers and the business units or subsidiaries across the
Group. We use various techniques to identify risks. For example,
we have identified risk indicators and developed a
comprehensive risk catalog that includes risk mitigation
strategies. Risk identification takes place at various levels of our
organization to ensure that common risk trends are identified
and end-to-end risk management across organizational borders
is enabled. We apply both a qualitative and quantitative risk
analysis as well as other risk analysis methods such as
sensitivity analyses and simulation techniques.

To determine which risks pose the highest threat to the viability
of the SAP Group, we classify them as “high,” “medium,” or

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

“low” based on the likelihood that a risk will occur within the
assessment horizon as well as the impact the risk would have on
SAP’s business objectives if it were to occur. The scales for
measuring these two indicators are given in the following tables.

Probability/Likelihood of Description
Occurrence

1% to 19% Remote

20% to 39% Unlikely

40% to 59% Likely

60% to 79% Highly Likely
80% to 99% Near Certainty

In this framework, we define a remote risk as one that will occur
only under exceptional circumstances and a near certain risk as
one that can be expected to occur within the specified time
horizon. The period for analyzing our risks correlates with the
respectively associated business activities considering a
relevant forecast horizon of up to one year, and up to 2020
where applicable. The period for analyzing the risks that could
be possible threats to the Group's ability to continue as a going
concern is eight rolling quarters.

Impact Level Impact Definition

egligible negative impact on
business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows

Insignificant

Minor Limited negative impact on
business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows

Moderate Some potential negative impact
on business, financial position,

profit, and cash flows

Considerable negative impact on
business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows

Major

Business-Critical Detrimental negative impact on
business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows

Based on the combination of the likelihood that a risk will occur
and its impact on SAP's reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flow, we classify the risks as “high,” “medium,”
or “low.”

117
> Insignificant Minor Moderate Major Business-Critical
= 80% to99% L M H H H
8 60% to 79% L M M H H
a 40% to 59% L L M M H
20% to 39% L L L M M
1% to 19% L L L L M

Impact
L=Low Risk M = Medium Risk H = High Risk

Risk analysis is followed by risk response and risk monitoring.
The risk exposure and the risk description, as well as the
appropriateness of agreed responses, are validated by the
accountable management. Our risk managers work in close
cooperation with the business owners, ensuring that effective
strategies are implemented to address risks. Business owners
are responsible for continuously monitoring the risks and the
effectiveness of mitigation strategies, with support from the
respective risk managers. Risks might be reduced by taking
active steps based on risk approval. To provide greater risk
transparency and enable appropriate decision-making for
business owners, we have established a risk delegation of
authority (RDOA) for relevant parts of the organization as
deemed appropriate. RDOA is a risk management decision-
making hierarchy that helps business owners gain timely insight
into business transactions with the greatest risk, so they are
better able to review the relevant information, understand the
risk profile and associated mitigation strategies, and determine
if their approval is warranted. Depending on the exposure,
approval is required at different levels of the Company, up to
and including the Executive Board.

Allidentified and relevant risks are reported at the local,
regional, and global levels in accordance with our risk
management policy. At local, regional, and global levels, we have
established executive risk councils that regularly discuss risks
and countermeasures and that monitor the success of risk
mitigation. In addition, the Executive Board is informed quarterly
about individual risks based on clearly defined qualitative
reporting criteria. Newly identified or existing significant risks
that are above a defined threshold, meet a qualitative criterion,
or with a potential significant impact are also reported to the
chairperson of the Supervisory Board and to the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board. This includes risks along
our strategic growth drivers as well as any risks to our ability to
continue as a going concern, the latter supported by a process
that analyzes those risks with respect to potential effects on
liquidity, excessive indebtedness, and insolvency.

118

Risk Management Organization

Our global risk management organization (Global GRC)
oversees the Group-wide systematic identification, assessment,
management, and monitoring of operational, financial,
compliance, and strategic risks as well as opportunities. In
addition, the Global GRC function is responsible for the
standardized internal risk reporting to risk committees on
different levels within the Company in line with the internal GRC
Risk Reporting Standard, including the Executive Board, the
chairperson of the Supervisory Board, and the Audit Committee
of the Supervisory Board, along with the external risk reporting.
Furthermore, Global GRC is responsible for the regular
maintenance and implementation of our risk management

policy.

Operational, financial, and strategic risk management is
uniformly implemented at SAP. Independent GRC risk managers
are assigned to each of SAP's important business units and
business activities and to selected strategic initiatives. All GRC
risk managers, together with assigned risk contacts in the
business units, continuously identify and assess risks associated
with material business operations using a uniform approach and
monitor the implementation and effectiveness of the measures
chosen to mitigate risks. Further financial risk management
activities are performed by our global treasury and our global
tax function. Risk management of compliance risks such as
corruption, conflict of interest, and fraud is performed by our
Legal Compliance & Integrity Office (LCIO) and general legal
risks by Global Legal. Sanction and embargo-related risks are
managed by the Export Control team, harassment and other
HR-related issues by our Global Labor & Employee Relations
Office, and IP risks by our Global IP Office and our LCIO.

During the merger and acquisition and post-merger integration
phase, newly acquired companies are subject to risk
management performed by our Corporate Development M&A
unction. Furthermore, for as long as the newly acquired
companies are not integrated, existing risk management
structures are maintained or enhanced within the acquired
companies for purposes of compliance with legal requirements.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
Risk managers are responsible for supporting and monitoring
the implementation of risk management across the Group that
is both effective and compliant with regulatory requirements
and SAP's global risk management policy. Based on our risk
management policy, all relevant risks and risk-related matters
must be reported to the Global GRC organization.

The head of Global GRC, who reports to the Group Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), is responsible for SAP’s internal control
and risk management program, and provides regular updates to
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The overall risk
profile of the Group is consolidated by the head of Global GRC.

Internal Control and Risk
Management System for Financial
Reporting

The purpose of our system of internal control over financial
reporting is to provide reasonable assurance that our financial
reporting is reliable and in compliance with applicable generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of the inherent
limitations of internal control over financial reporting, it might

not prevent or bring to light all potential misstatements in our
financial statements.

SAP's internal control and risk management system for financial
reporting (ICRMSFR) is based on our Group-wide risk
management methodology. The ICRMSFR includes
organizational, control, and monitoring structures designed to
ensure that data and information concerning our business are
collected, compiled, and analyzed in accordance with applicable
laws and properly reflected in the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Our ICRMSFR also includes policies, procedures, and measures
designed to ensure compliance of SAP's financial reports with
applicable laws and standards. We analyze new statutes,
standards, and other pronouncements concerning IFRS
accounting and its impact on our financial statements and
ICRMSFR. Failure to adhere to these new statutes, standards,
and other pronouncements would present a substantial risk to
the compliance of our financial reporting. Finally, the ICRMSFR
has both preventive and detective controls, including, for
example, automated and non-automated reconciliations,
segregated duties with two-person responsibility, authorization
concepts in our software systems, and corresponding
monitoring measures.

Our Corporate Financial Reporting (CFR) department codifies all
accounting policies in our global group accounting and revenue
recognition guidelines. These policies, the corporate closing
schedule, and our process handbooks together define the
closing process. Under this closing process, we prepare,
predominately through centralized or external services, the
financial statements of all SAP legal entities for consolidation by

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

CFR. CFR and other corporate departments are responsible for
ensuring compliance with Group accounting policies and
monitor the accounting work. CFR also conducts reviews of our
accounting processes and books.

We have outsourced some work, such as valuing projected
benefit obligations and share-based payment obligations,
quarterly tax calculations for most entities, and purchase price
allocations in the context of asset acquisitions and business
combinations. We have also outsourced the preparation of the
local statutory financial statements for a number of our
subsidiaries. The employees who work on SAP's financial
reporting receive training in the respective policies and
processes.

Based on an analysis of the design and operating effectiveness
of our respective internal controls over financial reporting, a
committee presents the results of the assessment on the
ICRMSFR effectiveness with respect to our IFRS consolidated
financial statements as at December 31 each year to the Group
CFO. The committee meets regularly to set the annual scope for
the test of effectiveness, to evaluate any possible weaknesses in
the controls, and to determine measures to address them
adequately. During its own meetings, the Audit Committee of
the Supervisory Board regularly scrutinizes the resulting
assessments of the effectiveness of the internal controls over
financial reporting with respect to the IFRS consolidated
financial statements.

The assessment of the effectiveness of the ICRMSFR related to
our IFRS consolidated financial statements was that on
December 31, 2017, the Group had an effective internal control
system over financial reporting in place.

Additionally, and in compliance with German commercial law
requirements, SAP maintains an effective internal control
system beyond financial reporting. This is supported through
automated controls (continuous control monitoring) as part of
our business processes.

Risk Management and Internal
Control Governance

Our Executive Board is responsible for ensuring the
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
system. The effectiveness of both systems and their
implementation in the different Executive Board areas is
monitored by each board member. We regularly provide a status
on the risk management and the internal control system to the
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. Key risks are
reported quarterly to the chairperson of the Supervisory Board
and to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly monitors the
effectiveness of SAP’s risk management and internal control
system. At the direction of our Audit Committee, the Corporate

119
Audit department regularly audits various aspects of the risk
management system and its effectiveness. Additional
reassurance is obtained through the external audit of the
effectiveness of our internal control system over financial
reporting and the early warning system.

Software Solution Deployed

We use our own risk management software, SAP solutions for
GRC powered by SAP HANA, to effectively support the
governance process. Risk managers record and address
identified risks using our risk management software to help
create transparency across all known risks that exist in the
Group, as well as to facilitate risk management and the
associated risk reporting. Our continuous controls monitoring
activities are performed utilizing our GRC software as well. This
information is available to managers by means of a mobile app,
through direct access to our SAP Fiori application for enterprise
risk reporting, and in regularly issued reports, and is
consolidated and aggregated for the quarterly risk report to the
Executive Board. The solution also supports the risk-based
approach of the ICRMSFR.

Risk Factors

SAP's transition to the cloud led to an adaptation of operations,
business models, and processes. Subsequently, this required an
adaptation of our risk profile and a revision of the risk reporting

Overview of Risk Factors (Aggregated Statement for 2017)

structure, including the risk categories and risk factors. We
aimed to reduce the complexity of the risk report while at the
same time increase transparency and avoid redundancies. We
therefore simplified and standardized the structure of all risk
actors to improve the risk report's readability. As a result, this
ed to areduction of risk categories from 10 to 6 and a reduction
of risk factors from 36 to 23.

n pursuance of increased transparency and clarity of our risk
reporting, we also consolidated the risk factors (for example
nfringement of Intellectual Property, Third-Party Licensing and
Lawsuits into Legal and IP), regrouped risk factors within the
categories (for example all strategic risk factors are now
associated with the category ‘Strategic Risks’), and made
certain reallocations between risk categories (for example, Data
Protection and Privacy to Economic, Political, Social and
Regulatory Risks) together with a consequent rephrasing of risk
factors for improved risk description. The following sections
outline our revised risk factors that we have identified and
continuously track. Compared to our internal risk reporting, we
externally present our risk factors on an aggregated level.

An overview of the risk categories and the corresponding risk
factors is outlined in the table below, where the risk factors are
categorized according to our framework detailed in the Ask
Management Methodology and Reporting section.

Probability Impact Risk Level Evolution”

Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risks

Global Economic and Political Environment likely business-critical high >!

International Laws and Regulations likely business-critical high Z

Legal and IP likely business-critical high Ww

Data Protection and Privacy unlikely business-critical medium Ww
Corporate Governance and Compliance Risks

Unauthorized Disclosure of Information remote business-critical medium WwW

Ethical Behavior likely business-critical — high Z

Environment and Sustainability unlikely moderate low Ww
Financial Risks

Sales and Revenue Conditions unlikely moderate low Ww

Liquidity remote major low Ww

Management Use of Estimates unlikely moderate low WwW

Accounting Pronouncements unlikely major medium Ww

Currency, Interest Rate, and Share Price Fluctuations remote major low Ww

120

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
Overview of Risk Factors (Aggregated Statement for 2017)

Probability Impact Risk Level Evolution»
Insurance remote business-critical medium WwW
Venture Capital remote minor low Ww
Human Capital Risks
Human Workforce unlikely major medium Ww
Operational Business Risks
Sales and Services unlike! major medium Ww
Partner Ecosystem unlike! major medium Ww
Cloud Operations unlike! business-critical medium Ww
Security unlikely business-critical medium WwW
Technology and Products unlikel business-critical —mediurn Ww
Strategic Risks
Market Share and Profit unlikel business-critical —mediurn WwW
Mergers and Acquisitions remote major low b
Innovation remote business-critical medium WwW
Icon: decreased b
unchanged
increased a

» Evolution: Risk level compared with previous year.

All described risks are each applicable to a different extent to
our reportable segments (Applications, Technology & Services,
and SAP Business Network) unless otherwise noted.

SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group. Consequently,
the risks described below also apply, directly or indirectly, to
SAP SE.

Economic, Political, Social, and
Regulatory Risks

Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, social
and political instability caused by state-based conflicts,
terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international hostilities
could lead to disruptions of our business operations or have a
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows.

As a global company, we are influenced by multiple factors that
are difficult to predict and beyond our influence and control. Any
of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on the
local economy and beyond.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

These events could lead to risks in the following areas, among
others:

-— General economic, political, social, environmental, market
conditions, and unrest (for example, Turkey, Venezuela, UK/
Brexit)

- Continued deterioration in global economic conditions
(impact on accurate forecast) or budgetary constraints of
national governments

— Financial market volatility episodes, global economic crises
and chronic fiscal imbalances, slowing economic conditions,
or disruptions in emerging markets

— Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability to
finance software purchases

— Increased number of bankruptcies among customers,
business partners, and key suppliers

— Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, natural disasters,
pandemic diseases impacting our business

Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our
business operations, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

121
SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible such as:

— Ongoing shift to a higher share of cloud subscriptions and
software support revenue streams will lead to more
predictable revenue streams over time, providing increased
stability against financial volatility

— Internal cost discipline and a conservative financial planning

— Reshaping of our organizational structure and processes to
increase efficiency

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. We estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be likely. This could
exacerbate the other risks we describe in this report or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.
We classify this risk as a high risk.

Laws, regulatory requirements and standards in Germany,
the United States, and elsewhere continue to be very
stringent. Our international business activities and processes
expose us to numerous and often conflicting laws and
regulations, policies, standards, or other requirements and
sometimes even conflicting regulatory requirements, and to
risks that could harm our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows.

We are a global company and currently market our products and
services in more than 180 countries and territories in the
Americas (Latin America and North America); Asia Pacific Japan
(APJ); China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan (Greater China);
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Middle and Eastern
Europe (MEE) regions. As a European company domiciled in
Germany with securities listed in Germany and the United
States, we are subject to European, German, U.S., and other
governance-related regulatory requirements.

Our business in these countries is subject to numerous risks
inherent to international business operations. Among others,
these risks include:

— Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in
certain countries

— Changes in accounting standards and tax laws including, but
not limited to, conflict and overlap among tax regimes
measures as well as the introduction of new tax concepts that
harm digitized business models

— Discriminatory, protective, or conflicting fiscal policies and
tax laws, such as certain protectionist measures included in
the U.S. Tax Reform which was enacted end of 2017 and
involves uncertainties as to how the U.S. government will
implement the new law

— Workforce restrictions resulting from changing laws and
regulations, from political decisions (such as Brexit,

122

government elections), or through required works council
involvements, labor union approvals, and immigration laws in
different countries

— Protectionist trade policies, import and export regulations,
and trade sanctions (such as in Russia), and embargoes
(such as in Iran) including, but not limited to, country-specific
software certification requirements

— Violations of country-specific sanctions (Such as the UN
sanction against North Korea or the United States’ sanction
requirements against Iran and certain other countries)

— Compliance with and stringent enforcement of laws and
regulations (including interpretations), implications of
government elections, lack of reforms, data protection and
privacy rules, regulatory requirements and standards (such
as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI
DSS))

— Expenses associated with the localization of our products and
compliance with local regulatory requirements

— Difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual
rights in certain jurisdictions

In 2017, an investigation was initiated and is ongoing with
regards to potential sanction violations. For more information
relating to the potential sanctions violations noted above, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Vote (23).

As we expand into new countries and markets or extend our
business activities in these markets, including emerging
markets, these risks could intensify. The application of the
respective local laws and regulations to our business is
sometimes unclear, subject to change over time, and often
conflicting among jurisdictions. Additionally, these laws and
government approaches to enforcement are continuing to
change and evolve, just as our products and services continually
evolve. Compliance with these varying laws and regulations
could involve significant costs or require changes in products or
business practices. Non-compliance could result in the
imposition of penalties or cessation of orders due to alleged
non-compliant activity. Governmental authorities could use
considerable discretion in applying these statutes and any
imposition of sanctions against us could be material. One or
more of these factors could have an adverse effect on our
operations globally or in one or more countries or regions, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible. For example:

— Wecontinuously monitor new and increased regulatory
requirements, updated or new enforcement trends, and
publicly available information on compliance issues in the
computer software industry, in the emerging markets where

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
we invest our resources, and in the business environment in
general to cope with an increase in regulation enforcement
efforts of certain countries or state-driven protectionism

— Asareaction to preliminary findings in the investigations into
the alleged export restriction violations, SAP has taken
actions to terminate access to SAP products and services for
certain end users and to block additional business activities
with these end users through SAP or SAP partners

— We receive guidance from external economics consultants,
law firms, tax advisors, and authorities in the concerned
countries, and take legal actions when necessary

— We have astrong legal and compliance office presence in
various countries, with compliance safeguards supported and
monitored by SAP legal teams and LCIO, maintaining an
effective data protection and privacy office and associated
policy

— We initiated efforts to strengthen the Export Control
Compliance team and we increased our resources in high-risk
countries

— Wecontinuously update and refresh our compliance
programs to improve our effectiveness and to ensure that our
employees understand and comply with the SAP Code of
Business Conduct. This process is coordinated by our LCIO, a
team of dedicated resources who are tasked with managing
our policy-related compliance measures

— Our LCIO team coordinates or provides guidance on policy
implementation, training, and enforcement efforts
throughout SAP. Those efforts are monitored and tracked to
allow trending and risk analysis and to ensure consistent
policy application throughout the SAP Group

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. We estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be likely. We classify this
increased risk as a high risk.

Claims and lawsuits against us, such as for IP infringements,
or our inability to obtain or maintain adequate licenses for
third-party technology, could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
reputation. Moreover, similar adverse effects could result if
we are unable to adequately protect or enforce our own
intellectual property.

We believe that we will continuously be subject to claims and
lawsuits, including intellectual property infringement claims, as
our solution portfolio grows; as we acquire companies with
increased use of third-party code including open source code; as
we expand into new industries with our offerings, resulting in
greater overlap in the functional scope of offerings; and as non-
practicing entities that do not design, manufacture, or distribute
products increasingly assert intellectual property infringement

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

claims. Moreover, protecting and defending our intellectual
property is crucial to our success.

The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain and could lead, for example, to the
following risks:

- Claims and lawsuits being brought against us, including
claims and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired

— We might be dependent in the aggregate on third-party
technology, including cloud and Web services, that we embed
in our products or that we resell to our customers

— Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future, that
we infringe their intellectual property rights or that we are
overusing or misusing licenses to these technologies

— We integrate certain open source software components from
third parties into our software. Open source licenses might
require that the software code in those components or the
software into which they are integrated be freely accessible
under open source terms

— Despite our efforts, we might not be able to prevent third
parties from obtaining, using, or selling without authorization
what we regard as our proprietary technology and
information. In addition, proprietary rights could be
challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise
affected. Moreover, the laws and courts of certain countries
might not offer effective means to enforce our legal or
intellectual property rights. Finally, SAP may not be able to
collect all judgments awarded to it in legal proceedings

— Some intellectual property might be vulnerable to disclosure
or misappropriation by employees, partners, or other third
parties

Third parties might reverse-engineer or otherwise obtain and
use technology and information that we regard as proprietary.
Accordingly, we might not be able to protect our proprietary
rights against unauthorized third-party copying or utilization.
Adverse outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits
pending against us might result in the award of significant
damages or injunctive relief against us or brought against us in
the future that could hinder our ability to conduct our business
and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Third parties could
require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on
terms that are not favorable to us, cause product shipment
delays, subject our products to injunctions, require a complete
or partial redesign of products, result in delays to our
customers’ investment decisions, and damage our reputation.
Third-party claims might require us to make freely accessible
under open source terms one of our products or third-party
(non-SAP) software upon which we depend.

Any legal action we bring to enforce our proprietary rights could
also involve enforcement against a partner or other third party,
which might have an adverse effect on our ability, and our

123
customers’ ability, to use that partner's or other third parties’
products.

The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain. Management's view of the litigation might
also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and other
claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments made by
management in prior periods, which are the basis for our
accounting for these litigations and claims under IFRS.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible. For example:

— Our LClO sets and manages internal policies related to our
Code of Business Conduct, including the handling of third-
party intellectual property. We monitor compliance with
these policies. Our Global GRC organization works closely
with the LCIO, the Global IP Office, and Corporate Audit, and
is responsible for the management and reporting of potential
risks associated with third-party intellectual property

— We have established various internal programs, such as
internal policies, processes, and monitoring, to assess and
manage the risks associated with open source, and third-
party intellectual property

— We endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective third-
party software agreements by obtaining certain rights in case
such agreements are terminated

— Weare party to certain patent cross-license agreements with
third parties, which removes the risk of litigation with respect
to the involved patents

— Werely onacombination of the protections provided by
applicable statutory and common law rights, including trade
secret, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, license and
non-disclosure agreements, and technical measures to
establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. We estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be likely. We classify this
risk as a high risk.

We are named as a defendant in various legal proceedings for
alleged intellectual property infringements. For more
information and a more detailed report relating to certain of
these legal proceedings, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Vote (23).

Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy
laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of SAP’s
customers with respect to our products and services could
lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of customers
and damage to SAP’s reputation.

124

As a global software and service provider, SAP is required to
comply with local laws wherever SAP does business. With regard
to data protection requirements, in May 2016, the EU enacted a
“General Data Protection Regulation” (GDPR) with the aim of
further harmonizing data protection laws across the EU. The
GDPR will be directly applicable law in all EU and EEA member
states as of May 25, 2018, after a two-year transition period.
Within limits, member states can supplement the GDPR with
additional national rules.

Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy
laws, in particular the EU GDPR, by SAP and/or any of the
subcontractors engaged by SAP for the processing of personal
data could lead, for example, to risks in the following areas:

— Mandatory disclosures of breaches to affected individuals,
customers, and data protection supervisory authorities

— Investigations and administrative measures by data
protection supervisory authorities, such as the instruction to
alter or stop non-compliant data processing activities,
including the instruction to stop using non-compliant
subcontractors

— Fines of up to 4% of SAP’s annual Group turnover

— Damage claims by customers

— Harm to SAP's reputation

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible. For example:

— We launched initiatives across all board areas to assess the
compliance of SAP’s products and services, as well as SAP’s
internal data processing operations with the GDPR, and to
mitigate identified compliance gaps

— Data protection and privacy is reflected in the mandatory
product standards of SAP’s product development lifecycle

- We continuously review SAP's existing standards and policies
to include changes to applicable laws and regulations

— Wecontinuous enhance our data center operations
worldwide, also taking into account local and sector-specific
market and legal requirements

— We havea data protection management system in place in
the following areas where data protection is critical: Digital
Business Services (Product and Cloud Support, Enterprise
Support and Premium Engagements, Global Consulting
Delivery, CoE), Products & Innovation (Cloud Operations,
Maintenance Support, Software Development), Marketing,
HR, Global Customer Operations (Region MEE and EMEA).

— We actively monitor legal developments and engage with
political stakeholders and government authorities, directly or
through industry associations, to clarify questions relevant to
SAP and SAP's business

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Corporate Governance and
Compliance Risks

Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information might not be effective.

Confidential information and internal information related to
topics such as our strategy, new technologies, mergers and
acquisitions, unpublished financial results, customer data, or
personal data, could be disclosed prematurely or inadvertently
and subsequently lead to market misperception and volatility.

Such disclosure could lead to risks in the following areas, among
others:

— Disclosure of confidential information and intellectual
property, defective products, production downtimes, supply
shortages, and compromised data (including personal data)
through, for example, inappropriate usage of social media by
employees

— Requirement to notify multiple regulatory agencies and
comply with applicable regulatory requirements and, where
appropriate, the data owner

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our market position and lead to fines and penalties. In addition,
this could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Mandatory compliance baseline training for all employees
(security awareness, data privacy and data protection,
compliance, and communication)

— Social engineering tests

— Standards for safe internal and external communication

— Technical security features in our IT hardware and
communication channels, such as mandatory encryption of
sensitive data

— Allsecurity groups have been combined organizationally into
one global security unit to strengthen the security capabilities

— Continuous adoption of internal security measures

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be remote. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

Unethical behavior and non-compliance with our integrity
standards due to intentional and fraudulent employee
behavior could seriously harm our business, financial
position, profit, and reputation.

SAP's leadership position in the global market is founded on the
long-term and sustainable trust of our stakeholders worldwide.
Our overarching approach is one of corporate transparency,
open communication with financial markets, and adherence to
recognized standards of business integrity. The SAP Code of
Business Conduct, adopted by the Executive Board on January
29, 2003, and updated as necessary since then, memorialized
and supplemented the already existing guidelines and
expectations for the business behavior practiced at SAP.

However, we might for instance encounter the following risks
associated with:

— Non-compliance with our integrity standards and violation of
compliance related rules, regulations, and legal requirements
including, but not limited to, anticorruption and bribery
legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, the UK Bribery Act, and other local laws prohibiting
corrupt payments by employees, vendors, distributors, or
agents

— Unethical and fraudulent behavior of individual employees or
partners leading to criminal charges, fines, and claims by
injured parties also considering the ongoing investigations for
example in South Africa, the Middle East, and North Africa

— Collusion with external third parties, for example providing
assistance in securing contracts

— Fraud and corruption together with operational difficulties,
especially in countries with a high Corruption Perceptions
Index

— Impact on business activities in regulated industries such as
public sector, healthcare, banking, or insurance

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, reputation, financial position, share price, profit,
and cash flows.

In 2017, SAP encountered situations that required clear
messaging and strong action on non-compliance in the context
of ethical behavior with the potential to harm our business. In
South Africa, SAP is investigating its dealings with the public
sector. For more information relating to the alleged anti-bribery
law violations noted above, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Vote (23).

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Comprehensive compliance management system (CMS)
based on the three pillars of prevention, detection, and
reaction

125
— Root cause analysis of all deviations related to unethical or
raudulent behavior to improve associated business
processes and prevent further violations

— Discontinued engagement of sales agents as well as the

payment of sales commissions on public sector deals in high-

risk countries

— Internal monitoring of our CMS approach

— Several educational, counseling, control, and investigative

instruments

— Mandatory SAP Code of Business Conduct applicable to

every SAP employee, providing legal compliance guidance on

how to avoid unethical behavior and solve dilemma situations

— Annual reconfirmation of SAP Code of Business Conduct by
SAP's workforce (except where disallowed by local legal
regulations)

— Compliance policies aimed at managing third parties and
preventing misuse of third-party payments for illegal
purposes

— Controls in our travel, entertainment, gift, and expense
policies

— Promoting a commitment to business with integrity through
our partner and vendor ecosystems

— As areaction to preliminary findings in the alleged anti-
bribery law violations, we are implementing enhancements to
our anti-corruption compliance program, including guidance
and policy changes as well as additional internal controls
related to compliance with international anti-bribery laws and
additional compliance staff.

Despite our comprehensive compliance programs and
established internal controls, intentional efforts of individuals to
circumvent controls or engage in fraud for personal gains
cannot always be prevented.

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. We estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be likely. We classify this
increased risk as a high risk.

Failure to meet customer, partner, or other stakeholder
expectations or generally accepted standards on climate
change, energy constraints, and our social investment
strategy could negatively impact SAP’s business, results of
operations, and reputation.

Energy and emissions management are an integral component
of our holistic management of social, environmental, and
economic risks and opportunities.

We have identified risks in this context, including, but not limited
to, the following:

— Failure to meet customer, partner, or other stakeholder
expectations or generally accepted standards on climate

126

change, energy constraints, and our social investment
strategy

-— Failure to achieve communicated (2020 and 2025) targets
for greenhouse gas emissions

— Failure to maintain rating in sustainable investment indexes
(Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and the CDP Climate
Performance and Disclosure Leadership Indices)

If we do not meet stakeholder expectations in the areas
identified, our rating in sustainable investment indexes might
decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
profit, and share price.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Proactive identification and addressing of social and
environmental issues

— Recognition for our sustainability efforts is shared with the
market

- Ongoing efforts and activities to maintain our listing in the
most prominent and recognized sustainability indexes, such
as the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and the CDP Climate
Performance and Disclosure Leadership Indices

— We met our greenhouse gas emissions target of 380 kilotons
by 55 kilotons

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a moderate impact on our operations, financia
position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify
this risk as a low risk.

Financial Risks

Our sales and revenue conditions are subject to market
fluctuations and our forecasts might not be accurate.

Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in
the past, sometimes substantially, from quarter to quarter. Our
revenue in general, and our software revenue in particular, is
difficult to forecast for a number of reasons, and could lead to
risks related to the following, among others:

-— Challenges in pipeline development and realization

— Long sales cycles for many of our products

— Timing issues with respect to the introduction of new
products and services or product and service enhancements
by SAP or our competitors

— Large size, complexity, and extended settlement of individual
customer transactions

— Introduction/adaptation of licensing and deployment models
such as cloud subscription models

— Adoption of, and conversion to, new business models, leading
from upfront payment models to an increase in pay-per-use

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
or subscription-based payment models, thus the respective
service period can typically range from one to three years,
and in some cases, up to five years

— Existing customers might cancel or not renew their
maintenance contracts, or decide not to buy additional
products and services

— Changes in customer budgets or seasonality of technology
purchases by customers

— Decreased software sales that could have an adverse effect
on related maintenance and services revenue

— Shortfall in anticipated revenue or delay in revenue
recognition or deployment models that require revenue to be
recognized over an extended period of time

— Inability of acquired companies to accurately predict their
sales pipelines

— High operating expenses or insufficient revenue generation to
offset the significant research and development costs

In recent years, the trend has been towards an increased
number of sales transactions, with the average deal size
remaining more or less constant. However, the loss or delay of
one or a few large opportunities could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Implementation of methodologies and metrics for continuous
forecasting and trend analysis in our business

— Pipeline analyses based on our business planning, budgeting,
and forecasting

— Ongoing analysis and monitoring of demands, supplies, and
our competitive environment

— Constant monitoring of our revenues, costs, and operational
KPIs utilizing system-based, real-time reporting to
continuously improve our business performance

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a moderate impact on our operations, financial
position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify
this risk as a low risk.

External factors could impact our liquidity and increase the
default risk associated with, and the valuation of, our
financial assets.

Macroeconomic factors such as an economic downturn could
have an adverse effect on our future liquidity. We use a globally
centralized financial management approach to control financial
risk, such as liquidity, exchange rate, interest rate, counterparty,
and equity price risks. The primary aim is to maintain liquidity in
the SAP Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations
at any time.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

However, adverse macroeconomic factors could increase the
default risk associated with the investment of our total Group
liquidity, and could lead to the following risks, among others:

— Group liquidity shortages

— Inability to repay financial debt

— Increased default risk of financial investments, which might
lead to significant impairment charges in the future

— Limitation of operating and/or strategic financial flexibility

Any one or more of these events could have an impact on the
value of our financial assets, which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— We have policies and measures in place to support strong
operating cash flow

— SAP's investment policy with regards to total Group liquidity
is described in our internal treasury guidelines, which is a
collection of uniform rules that apply globally to all
companies in the SAP Group. Among other things, it requires
that investments, with limited exceptions, are only executed
in assets and funds rated BBB flat or better

— The weighted average rating of the investments of our total
Group liquidity is in the area of A-

— We pursue a policy of cautious investment characterized by
wide portfolio diversification with a variety of counterparties,
predominantly short-term investments, and standard
investment instruments

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be remote. We classify this risk as a
low risk.

Management use of estimates could negatively affect our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To comply with IFRS, management is required to make
numerous judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect
the reported financial figures.

These management decisions could lead to risks in the following
areas, among others:

— The facts and circumstances, as well as assumptions on
which management bases these estimates and judgments
and management's judgment regarding the facts and
circumstances, might change over time

This could result in significant changes in the estimates and
judgments and, consequently, in the reported financials, and

127
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Control procedures to make sure that our estimates and
judgments are adequate, such as two-person verification to
significant estimating

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a moderate impact on our operations, financial
position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify
this risk as a low risk.

Current and future accounting pronouncements and other
financial reporting standards, might negatively impact our
financial results.

We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial
reporting standards and review new pronouncements and drafts
thereof that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards,
changes to existing standards, and changes in their
interpretation, we might be required to change our accounting
policies.

This could lead to risks in the following areas, among others:

— Not being able to react in a timely manner to new accounting
pronouncements and financial reporting standards
concerning revenue recognition (including the new IFRS 15 on
revenue from contracts with customers that we will need to
adopt in 2018)

— Unpredictable changes in interpretation of standards

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, and profit.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Regular monitoring of our compliance with applicable
financial reporting standards in order to perceive changes at
an early stage

— Review of new pronouncements and drafts that are relevant
to us

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

As a globally operating company, SAP is subject to various
financial risks related to currencies, interest rates, and share

128

price fluctuations, which could negatively impact our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Because we operate throughout the world, a significant portion
of our business is conducted in foreign currencies. In 2017,
approximately 72.4% of our revenue was attributable to
operations in foreign currencies. This foreign currency business
therefore gets translated into our reporting currency, the euro.

This could lead to the following risks, among others:

— Period-over-period fluctuations

— Exchange rate risks with currency appreciation or
depreciation

— Interest rate fluctuation

— Share price fluctuation impacting cash outflows for share
based compensation payments

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Continuous monitoring of our exposure to all these financial
risks

— Group-wide foreign exchange risk management strategy to
hedge balance sheet items and expected cash flows in
foreign currencies by using derivative financial instruments
as appropriate

— Balanced maturity profile and mixture of fixed and floating
interest rate arrangements to hedge against interest rate risk

— Use of derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our
share-based compensation plans on our income statement
and cash flow

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be remote. We classify this risk as a
low risk.

For more information about risks arising from financial
instruments, including our currency and interest rate risks and
our related hedging activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Votes (24)and (25).

Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and
uninsured losses may occur.

We maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad
range of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and
consistent with current industry practice. Our objective is to
exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost.

Nevertheless, we could still be subject to risks in the following
areas, among others:

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
Losses that might be beyond the limits, or outside the
scope, of coverage of our insurance and that may limit or
prevent indemnification under our insurance policies
Inability to maintain adequate insurance coverage on
commercially reasonable terms in the future

Certain categories of risks are currently not insurable at
reasonable cost

No assurance of the financial ability of the insurance
companies to meet their claim payment obligations

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

Maintaining a scope of insurance coverage that is as broad as
possible

Selection of financially stable and reputable insurers
Constant review of our insurance programs in relation to our
risk profile and breadth of insurance coverage

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be remote. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

We could incur significant losses in connection with venture
capital investments.

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a minor impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be remote. We classify this risk as a
low risk.

Human Capital Risks

If we are unable to attract, develop, retain, and effectively
manage our geographically dispersed workforce, we might
not be able to run our business and operations efficiently and
successfully, or develop successful new solutions and
services.

Our success is dependent on appropriate alignment of our
planning processes for our highly skilled and specialized
workforce and leaders, both male and female, adequate
resource allocation, and our location strategy with our general
strategy. In certain regions and specific technology and solution
areas, we continue to set very high growth targets, depending on
short-term and long-term skill requirements, taking
infrastructure needs as well as local legal or tax regulations in
consideration. Successful maintenance and expansion of our
highly skilled and specialized workforce in the area of cloud is a
key success factor for our transition to be the leading cloud
company. The availability of such personnel as well as business
experts is limited and, as a result, competition in our industry is
intense.

We could face risks in the following areas, among others:

— Failure to apply workforce planning processes, adequate

Through Sapphire Ventures (formerly SAP Ventures), our
consolidated venture investment funds, we plan to continue
investing in new and promising technology businesses.

This could lead to risks in the following areas, among others:

— Investments could generate net losses and require additional
expenditures from their investors

— Changes to planned business operations might affect the
performance of companies in which Sapphire Ventures holds
investments

— Tax deductibility of capital losses and impairment in
connection with equity securities are often restricted, and
could therefore have an adverse effect on our effective tax
rate

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Sapphire Ventures has established measures to address and
mitigate the described risks and adverse effects to the greatest
extent possible, such as:

— Diversify the portfolio and actively manage our investments
— Balance the volume and scope of our venture capital
activities

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

resource allocation, and location strategy in alignment with
our general strategy

Failure to identify, attract, develop, motivate, adequately
compensate, and retain well-qualified and engaged personnel
to scale to targeted markets

Failure to successfully maintain, upskill, and expand our
highly skilled and specialized workforce

Poor succession management or failure to find adequate
replacements
Loss of key personnel of acquired business

Failure to meet short-term and long-term workforce and skill
requirements including achievements of internal gender
diversity objectives

Lack of appropriate or inadequately executed benefit and
compensation programs

Lack of availability and scalability of business experts and
consultants
ismatch of expenses and revenue due to changes in
headcount and infrastructure needs, as well as local legal or
tax regulations

Challenges with effectively managing a large distribution
network of third-party companies

129
Any one or more of these events could reduce our ability to
attract, develop, retain, and effectively manage our
geographically dispersed workforce, which in turn could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible such as:

— Workforce planning (aiming to achieve diversity and the
right mix of talent while considering demographic changes)
and legally compliant mobility planning, utilizing the
integration of our Concur travel solutions to support the
challenges of a global workforce

— Career management (including, but not limited to,
opportunity offerings for short-term assignments as well as
skill, competencies, and qualification advancements)

— Building employee and leadership strengths through a range
of targeted professional development, learning, mentoring,
coaching, together with a gender diversity program to take
the changes in a global workforce into consideration

— Strong focus on succession planning for leadership and
key positions to ensure sustainable leadership and
safeguard the business from impacts through staff
turnover

— Extended benefit and long-term incentive programs, which
will enable us to hire and retain talents internationally
— Utilization of outsourcing or external short-term staffing

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

Operational Business Risks

Sales and implementation of SAP software and services,
including cloud, is subject to a number of significant risks
sometimes beyond our direct control.

A core element of our business is the successful implementation
of software and service solutions to enable our customers to
master complexity and help our customers’ businesses run at
their best. The implementation of SAP software and cloud-
based service deliveries is led by SAP, by partners, by
customers, or by a combination thereof.

However, we might encounter risks in the following areas,
among others:

— Implementation risks, if, for example implementations take
longer than planned or fail to generate the profit originally
expected, scope deviations, solution complexity, individual

130

integration and migration needs or functional requirement
changes, or insufficient milestone management and tracking
leading to delays in timeline

— Insufficient customer expectation management, including
scope, integration capabilities and aspects as well as lack in
purposeful selection, implementation, and utilization of SAP
solutions

— Lack of customer commitments and respective

engagements, including lack of commitment of resources

eading to delays or deviations from recommended best

practices

-— Challenges to effectively implement acquired technologies

— Protracted installation or significant third-party consulting

costs

— Improper calculations or estimates leading to costs

exceeding the fees agreed in fixed-price contracts

— Unrenderable services committed during the sales stage

— Delayed customer payments due to differing perception on

project outcome/results

— Inadequate contracting and consumption models based on
subscription models for services, support, and application
management

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Projects include risk management processes as part of SAP’s
project management methods intended to safeguard
implementations with coordinated risk and quality
management programs

— Recommended project approaches for customers to
optimize their IT solutions in a non-disruptive manner

— Adequate financial planning provisions for the remaining
individual risks

-— Continuous project monitoring and controlling activities

— Established escalation management process

-— Ongoing development of new commercial models to
address customer flexibility needs

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

If we are unable to scale, maintain, and enhance an effective
partner ecosystem, revenue might not increase as expected.

An open and vibrant partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar
of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into
partnership agreements that drive co-innovation on our
platforms, profitably expand all our routes to market to optimize

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
market coverage, optimize cloud delivery, and provide high-
quality services capacity in all market segments. Partners play a
key role in driving market adoption of our entire solutions
portfolio, by co-innovating on our platforms, embedding our
technology, and reselling and/or implementing our software.

These partnerships could lead to risks in the following areas,
among others:

— Failure to establish and enable a network of qualified partners
supporting our scalability needs

— Failure to get the full commitment of our partners might
reduce speed and impact in market reach

— Products or services model being less strategic and/or
attractive compared to our competition

— Partners might not renew agreements with us, or not enter
into new agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all, or
start competing with SAP

— Failure to enable and train sufficient partner resources to
promote, sell, and support to scale to targeted markets

— Partners might not develop a sufficient number of new
solutions and content on our platforms or might not provide
high-quality products and services to meet customer
expectations

— Partners might not embed our solutions sufficiently enough
to profitably drive product adoption, especially with
innovations such as SAP S/4HANA and SAP Cloud Platform
(formerly called SAP HANA Cloud Platform)

— Partners might not adhere to applicable legal and compliance
regulations

— Partners might not meet quality requirements expected by
our customers.

— Partners might not transform their business model in
accordance with the transformation of SAP's business model
in a timely manner

— Partners might not be able or might not have capacity to
meet customer expectations in terms of service provisioning

— Partners might fail to abide to contract terms in embargoed
or high-risk countries

If one or more of these risks materialize, this might have an
adverse effect on the demand for our products and services as
well as the partner’s loyalty and ability to deliver. As a result, we
might not be able to scale our business to compete successfully
with other software vendors, which could have an adverse effect
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

— Invest in long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships and
agreements with partners

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

— Continue to develop and enhance a wide range of partner
programs to retain existing and attract new partners of all
types

— Enable and encourage partners to leverage SAP technology,
by providing guidance about business opportunities,
architecture, and technology for example, through demo
solutions, to enable partners to lead business value
discussions on cloud and on-premise solutions with
customers

— Offer training opportunities on a wide range of resources for
our partners

— Maintain certification process for third-party solutions to
ensure consistent high-quality and seamless integration

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

We may not be able to properly protect and safeguard our
critical information and assets, business operations, cloud
offerings, and related infrastructure against disruption or

poor performance.

SAP is highly dependent on the availability of our infrastructure,
and the software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently
complex.

This could lead to risks in the following areas, among others:

— Capacity shortage and SAP's inability to deliver and operate
cloud services in a timely and efficient way as expected by or
committed to our customers

— Customer concerns about the ability to scale operations for
large enterprise customers

— Defects or disruption to data center operations or system
stability and availability

— Interruptions in the availability of SAP’s cloud applications
portfolio

— System outages or downtimes, failure of the SAP network
due to human or other errors, security breaches, or variability
in user traffic for cloud applications

— Hardware failures or system errors resulting in data loss,
corruption, or incompletion of the collected information

— Loss of the right to use hardware purchased or leased from
third parties could result in delays in our ability to provide our
cloud applications

— Scalability demands on infrastructure and operation could
lead to cost increase and margin impacts

— Non-adherence to our quality standards in the context of
partner co-location of data centers

— Increased Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)

— Non-compliance with applicable certification requirements,
such as Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-
DSS)

131
Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the extent possible, such

as:

Consolidation and harmonization of our data centers and our
data protection measures, including implementation of
security information and event management solutions as well
as network access control enforcement

Significant investment in infrastructure and processes in an
effort to ensure secure operations of our cloud solutions
Continuous enhancement of infrastructure landscape
capabilities

Increased transparency through our Cloud Trust Center,
ensuring appropriate level of information, for example with
regards to planned patching activities and associated
downtimes

We monitor and invest to continuously enhance our disaster
recovery and business continuity capabilities

We run a homogeneous landscape that supports the complex
infrastructure, application and security requirements so that
we can deliver the required service level for cloud services
Physical access control systems at facilities, multilevel
access controls, closed-circuit television surveillance,
security personnel in all critical areas, and recurring social
engineering tests for SAP premises and data centers

Access to information and information systems is controlled
using authorization concepts. Managers and employees are
regularly sensitized to the issues and given mandatory
security and compliance training

Adaption of our cloud service delivery to local and/or specific
market requirements (such as local or regional data centers)
and compliance with all local legal regulations regarding data
protection and privacy as well as data security

Contracts that require third-party data centers are to have
appropriate security and data protection and privacy terms in
place. We establish contracts and service level agreements
with our public cloud partners to ensure that data security
and privacy measures meet local regulatory and compliance
standards and SAP’s own standards for data security and
privacy

Strict internal policies and controls concerning utilization of
partner's cloud infrastructure, including people, process and
technology standards required to ensure compliance
Regular risks reviews, disclosure requests, and audits to
ensure public cloud providers meet SAP’s data privacy and
security standards

PCI validated compliance by successful PCI DSS audits

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate

132

the probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We

classify this risk as a medium risk.

Undetected security vulnerabilities shipped and deployed
within our products and infrastructure might cause damage

to SAP and our customers and partners. Our cloud

operations are dependent on a high-performance cyberspace.
A cybersecurity breach or economic espionage could have an
adverse effect on our customers, our reputation, and our

business.

Customer systems or systems operated by SAP to provide
services could potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities or

cybersecurity breaches.

These kinds of occurrences could lead to risks in the fo
areas, among others:

— Undetected security defects and vulnerabilities
— Exposure of our business operations and service de

lowing

ivery by

virtual attack, disruption, damage, and/or unauthorized
access, theft, destruction, industrial and/or economic

espionage, serious and organized crime, and other i

legal

activities, as well as violent extremism and terrorism
— Abuse of data, social engineering, misuse, trespassers in our

facilities, or systems could be rendered unusable

— State-driven economic espionage or competitor-driven
industrial espionage, and criminal activities including, but not
limited to, cyberattacks and “mega breaches” against cloud

services and hosted on-premise software

— Disruptions to back-up, disaster recovery, and business

continuity management processes

-— Customer concerns with regards to security capabilities and

reliability

— Failure to securely and successfully deliver cloud services by
any cloud service provider could have a negative impact on

customer trust in cloud solutions.

— Increased response time for identified security issues due to
complexity and interdependencies could lead to security

threats for SAP and customers.

— Customer systems or systems operated by SAP could
potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities due to hacker

exploitation.

— Recovery costs as well as significant contractual and legal
claims by customers, partners, authorities, and third-party

service providers for damages

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on

our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent

possible, such as:

Combined Management Report | Risk Management

and Risks
Software security development lifecycle as a mandatory,
integral part of our software development process
For the Applications, Technology & Services segment, we

Our product stra

egy and development investment, including

new product launches and enhancements, are subject to risks in
the following areas, among others:

systematically align our software security development

ifecycle to the recommendations of ISO/IEC 27034, applying

methods to develop secure software in all development

phases starting early in the design phase

— Customers are provided with security certifications (such as

SO/IEC 27001), security white papers, and reports from

independent auditors and certification bodies

— Specific security training curriculums for our developers

— Industry best practices such as security risk identification,

hreat modeling, acomprehensive security testing strategy,
mandatory security training for all developers, and security
validation of our products, patches, and services before
shipment

— Asoftware security response process is in place to rapidly
react to detected vulnerabilities and provide fixes

— Improved roll-out procedures for security-relevant notes,
patches, and service packs to ensure easy and fast
consumption on the customer side

— Continuous adaptation and modification of our security
procedures

— Measures such as technical IT security measures, identity
and access management, and mandatory security and
compliance training

— Aninternal security audit group within the Corporate Audit
organization to appropriately address potential security
threats

— Increase awareness through campaigns and security
awareness training courses and projects

— Local and regional crisis management teams to respond and
minimize possible losses in case of crisis situations

— Disaster recovery and business continuity plans to protect
our key IT infrastructure (especially our data centers) include
implementation of data redundancies and daily data backup
strategies

— Certification of IT-related organizations to the internationally
recognized Business Continuity Management standard with
regards to the Applications, Technology & Services segment

— Corporate headquarters, which houses certain critical
business functions, is located in the German state of Baden-
Wurttemberg, an area that is historically free of natural
disasters

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Our technology and/or products may experience undetected
defects, coding or configuration errors, may not integrate as
expected, or may not meet customer expectations.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

Software products and services might not fully meet market
needs or customer expectations

We might not be as fast as expected in integrating our
platforms and solutions, enabling the complete product and
cloud service portfolio, harmonizing our user interface design
and technology, integrating acquired technologies and
products, or bringing packages, services or new solutions
based on the SAP HANA platform as well as SAP Cloud
Platform to the market

New products, services and cloud offerings, including third-
party technologies, might not comply with local standards
and requirements or could contain undetected or detected
defects or could not be mature enough from the customer's
point of view for business-critical solutions after shipment
despite all the due diligence SAP puts into quality

Inability to define and provide adequate solution packages
and scope for all customer segments

Inability to fulfil expectations of customers regarding time
and quality in the defect resolution process

Lack of customer references for new products and solutions

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible, such as:

A broad range of techniques, including project management,
project monitoring, product standards and governance, and
rigid and regular quality assurance measures certified to ISO
9001:2008, applicable to the Applications, Technology &
Services segment

Threat modelling at the beginning of every development
project to identify potential risks including but not limited to
using centrally provided tools

A holistic testing strategy to validate the state of quality and
security for every product before market introduction

Direct customer feedback is considered in the market release
decision process
Ensure high level of quality of our products, which is made
transparent in the defined quality perception and support
index and confirmed by our constantly high customer
satisfaction ratings as measured by customer quality
perception reporting
Successfully drive the integration and convergence of our
technology platform offerings, SAP S/4HANA, as well as
acquired technologies

133
— Enable our current product portfolio for SAP HANA, develop
new solutions based on SAP HANA, and offer comprehensive
cloud-based services, extendable with SAP Cloud Platform

— Acomprehensive certification program designed to ensure
that relevant third-party solutions are of consistently high
quality

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Strategic Risks

Our market share and profit could decline due to increased
competition, market consolidation, technological innovation,
and new business models in the software industry.

The market for cloud computing is increasing and shows strong
growth relative to the market for on-premise solutions. To
maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud business,
it is important that our customers renew their agreements with
us when the initial contract term expires and purchase
additional modules or additional capacity. Additionally, we need
to bring new solutions based on the SAP HANA platform as well
as SAP Cloud Platform to the market in line with demands and
ahead of our competitors, in particular, innovative applications
such as SAP S/4HANA or new technologies such as Internet of
Things, machine learning, or blockchain.

Factoring in the aforementioned, this could lead to risks in the
following areas, among others:

— Potential loss of existing on-premise customers due to
competing cloud market trends

— Adverse revenue effects due to increasing cloud business and
conversions from on-premise licenses to cloud subscriptions
from existing SAP customers, which could have an adverse
effect on related maintenance and services revenue

— Insufficient solution and service adoption together with
increased complexity could lead to a loss of SAP's position as
a leading cloud company and subsequently to reduced
customer adoption

— Customers and partners might be reluctant or unwilling to
migrate and adapt to the cloud or consider competitive cloud
offerings or not extend renewals

— Existing customers might cancel or not renew their
maintenance contracts, or decide not to buy additional
products and services

— The market for cloud business might not develop further, or it
might develop more slowly than anticipated

— Strategic alliances among competitors and/or their growth-
related efficiency gains in the cloud area could lead to

134

significantly increased competition in the market with
regards to pricing and ability to integrate solutions

— Price pressure, cost increases, and loss of market share
through traditional, new, and especially cooperating
competitors

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible. For example, we:

— Share our overall long-term cloud strategy and our
integration road map with our customers, and continuously
implement improvements to enhance our cloud solutions

— Demonstrate the benefits of our solution and services
portfolio through end-to-end integration scenarios,
homogeneous and compelling user interfaces, customer
references, and success stories

— Enable and support our customers in their transition path
from on-premise to cloud, for example through the cloud
extension policy

— Balance the distribution of our strategic investments by
evolving and protecting our core businesses and
simultaneously developing new solutions, technologies, and
business models for markets, such as those in analytics,
applications, and database and technology

— Place strong focus on providing our cloud services efficiently
and to customer expectations, including service provisioning,
quality, and security as well as data protection and privacy

— Drive the integration and convergence of our technology
platform offerings, SAP S/4HANA, and acquired technologies

— Enable our current product portfolio for SAP HANA, develop
new solutions based on SAP HANA, and offer comprehensive
cloud-based services, extendable with SAP Cloud Platform

— Deliver standard software and product packages that are fast
and easy to install, as well as financially attractive financing
and subscription models

— Enable and encourage partners to leverage SAP technology,
by providing guidance about business opportunities,
architecture, and technology, as well as a comprehensive
certification program designed to ensure that relevant third-
party solutions are of consistently high quality

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively or
successfully.

To expand our business, we acquire businesses, products, and
technologies, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
the future. Over time, certain of these acquisitions have
increased in size and in strategic importance for SAP.
Management negotiation of potential acquisitions and alliances
and integration of acquired businesses, products, or
technologies demands time, focus, and resources of both
management and workforce, and exposes us to unpredictable
operational difficulties.

Acquiring businesses, products, and technologies may present
risks to SAP, including risks related to the following areas,
among others:

— Incorrect assumptions during the due diligence process for
the acquisition (including assumptions related to business
and license models)

— Failure to successfully integrate acquired technologies or
solutions into SAP’s solution portfolio and strategy

— Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations,
cultures, or languages, all within the constraints of applicable

ocal laws

— Unfulfilled needs of the acquired company's customers and

partners

— Material unidentified liabilities of acquired companies (legal,

ax, accounting, IP)

— Failure in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal

controls, procedures, and policies within acquired companies

— Incompatible practices or policies (compliance

requirements)

— Insufficient integration of the acquired company’s
accounting, HR, and other administrative systems

— Failure to coordinate the acquired company’s research and
development (R&D), sales, and marketing activities

— Debt incurrence or significant unexpected cash expenditures

— Non-compliance with existing SAP standards

— Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired
in business combinations

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate risks and
adverse effects associated with acquisitions to the greatest
extent possible, such as:

— Technical, operational, financial, and legal due diligence on
the company or assets to be acquired

— Aholistic evaluation of material transaction and integration
risks

— Astandardized methodology for detailed integration planning
which is carried out by a dedicated integration team

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a major impact on our operations, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be remote. We classify this decreased
risk as a low risk.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks

We might not be able to compete effectively if we strategize
our solution portfolio ineffectively or if we are unable to keep
up with rapid technological and product innovations,
enhancements, new business models, and changing market
expectations.

Our future success depends upon our ability to keep pace with
technological and process innovations and new business
models, as well as on our ability to develop new products and
services, enhance and expand our existing products and
services portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain
through acquisitions. To be successful, we are required to adapt
our products and our go-to-market approach to a cloud-based
delivery and consumption model to satisfy changing customer
demand and to ensure an appropriate level of adoption,
customer satisfaction, and retention.

Considering preceding dependencies, this could lead to risks in
the following areas, among others:

— Not being able to bring new business models, solutions,
solution enhancements, integrations and interfaces, and/or
services to market before our competitors or at equally
favorable conditions

— Not being able to anticipate and develop technological
improvements or succeed in adapting SAP products,
services, processes, and business models to technological
change, changing regulatory requirements, emerging
industry standards, and changing requirements of our
customers and partners (especially with innovations such as
SAP S/4HANA and SAP Cloud Platform)

— Uncertainties regarding new SAP solutions, technologies, and
business models as well as delivery and consumption models
might lead customers to wait for proofs of concept or holistic
integration scenarios through reference customers or more
mature versions first

— Lower level of adoption of our new solutions, technologies,
business models, and flexible consumption models, or no
adoption at all

— New applications and services might not meet customer
expectations

— Our product and technology strategy might not be
successful, or our customers and partners might not adopt
our technology platforms, applications, or cloud services
quickly enough or they might consider other competitive
solutions in the market, or our strategy might not match
customers’ expectations, specifically in the context of
expanding the product portfolio into additional markets

— Delayed or unsuccessful market launches by us, new market
entries, or introduction of new innovations by competitors.

— Increasing competition from open source software initiatives,
or comparable models in which competitors might provide
software and intellectual property free and/or at terms and
conditions unfavorable for SAP

135
— Inability to drive growth of references through customer use
cases and demo systems

Any one or more of these events could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures to address and mitigate the
described risks and adverse effects to the greatest extent
possible. For example, we:

— Align our organization, processes, products, delivery and
consumption models, and services to changing markets and
customer and partner demands

— Develop new technology and new solutions such as the next-
generation suite SAP S/4HANA or the next-generation
business warehouse SAP BW/4HANA

— Explore future trends as well as the latest technologies, for
example through our network of innovation centers under the
leadership of our Chief Innovation Officer, and adapt these to
the market if there is a clear business opportunity for SAP
and if they provide value to our customers

— Conduct wide-ranging market and technology analyses and
research projects, often in close cooperation with our
customers and partners to remain competitive

— Make strategic acquisitions with the potential to drive
innovation and contribute to achieving our growth target

We cannot exclude the possibility that if the risk were to occur, it
could have a business-critical impact on our operations,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. However, we estimate
the probability of occurrence of this risk to be remote. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Consolidated Risk Profile

Following SAP's overall strategy towards the cloud powered by
SAP HANA, we have revised the structure of our risk report to
better reflect the risks of our adapted risk profile.

We consolidate and aggregate relevant risks identified by the
different business units and functions following our risk
management policy, monitored by a Group-wide risk
management governance function.

Based on our aggregation approach, we recognized only minor
changes in 2017 in the percentages of all reported risks
categorized as “high” or “medium” in our risk level matrix. The
number of risks categorized as “high” accounted for 17% (2016:
11%) of all reported risks, while the risks categorized as
“medium” accounted for 52% (2016: 67%) of all risks reported
in the Aisk Factors section.

In our view, considering their impact level and likelihood of
occurrence, the risks described in our aggregated risk report do
not individually or cumulatively threaten our ability to continue
as a going concern. Management remains confident that the
Group’s earnings strength forms a solid basis for our future

136

business development and provides the necessary resource to
pursue the opportunities available to the Group. Because of our
strong position in the market, our technological leadership, our
highly-motivated employees, and our structured processes for
early risk identification, we are confident that we can continue to
successfully counter the challenges arising from the risks in our
risk profile in 2018.

Combined Management Report | Risk Management and Risks
Expected Developments

and Opportunities

Future Trends in the Global
Economy

In 2018, economic activity will remain broadly stable at the
global level, but developments across countries and regions
could vary notably. That is what the European Central Bank
(ECB) projects in its December 2017 Economic Bulletin. The
ECB largely expects the growth potential to stabilize at below
pre-crisis levels this year. Specifically, the outlook among
advanced economies might entail robust expansion, which will
most likely slow down gradually as the upturn matures. On the
other side, the ECB awaits increased dynamism in emerging
market economies, supported by strengthening activity in
commodity exporters.

Regarding the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region,
the ECB concludes that the euro area economic expansion in
2018 will continue to be solid and broad-based across countries
and sectors. This will, on the one side, be due to private
expenditure and consumption growth, supported by lower
deleveraging needs and improved labor market conditions, says
he ECB. On the other side, it attributes its projections to
improvements in corporate profitability and the favorable
inancing conditions, while euro area exporters could benefit
rom the ongoing global economic expansion. In central and
eastern European countries, the ECB expects economic activity
0 accelerate in the near term, driven by a rebound in investment
and strong private consumption, on the back of improving labor
markets and higher absorption of EU funds. Russia, according to
he ECB, may lose some of its only recently recovered
dynamism in the short term, but growth is expected to resume
afterwards, supported by higher oil prices, a stronger ruble, and
declining inflation.

As to the North America and Latin America (Americas) region,
the ECB anticipates a robust expansion in the United States,
which will slow down over the next few years as the recovery
matures and output gaps gradually close. U.S. activity will
benefit primarily from solid domestic demand with growth in
investment and consumption, as tight labor market conditions
gradually feed into higher wage growth and favorable financial
conditions boost wealth, says the ECB. Moreover, the
strengthening of external demand and the recent depreciation
of the U.S. dollar might support the U.S. outlook. As to Brazil,
the ECB projects that although recurring political uncertainties
will continuously weigh on business investment and consumer

Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities

spending, loosening financial conditions alongside increasing
monetary accommodation and improving terms of trade will
support the Brazilian economy over the medium term.

In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, the ECB expects
economic activity in Japan in 2018 to be supported by firming
foreign demand, private investment gains associated with high
profits and increasing labor and capacity shortages, and
favorable financing conditions. However, according to the ECB,
Japan will face another slow down already after 2018. The ECB’s
near-term outlook for solid development in China is dominated
by the authorities’ focus on stable growth, given the ongoing
political transition. However, the ECB’s assumption over the
medium term is that continued structural reforms in China will
gradually be implemented, leading to an orderly slowdown of
economic growth. Finally, as to the ECB, growth in India will also
remain solid in 2018.

Economic Trends —
Year-Over-Year GDP Growth

% 2016

2017p 2018p

7

Developing and emerging economies 4.3 46 49

Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)

Euro area 18 2.1 19
Germany 19 2.0 18
Emerging and Developing Europe 3.1 45 3.5

Middle East, North Africa, Afghanistan,

and Pakistan 5.0 26 35

Sub-Saharan Africa 2.6 3.4

AMET ntti

United States enn nen EN eS,

A  -! an
Latin America and the Caribbean -0.9 1.2 19
Asia Pacific Japan (APJ)

China 6.7 6.8 6.5

P = projection

Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook October 2017,
Seeking Sustainable Growth, Short-Term Recovery, Long-Term Challenges
(http://www.imf.org/~/media/Files/Publications/ WEO/2017/October/pdf/main-
chapter/text.ashx?la=en), p. 32.)

137
The IT Market:
Outlook for 2018 and Beyond

In 2018, digital transformation will still be the top driver of IT
spending and will remain so for the coming years,’ says IDC
(International Data Corporation), a U.S.-based market research
firm. IDC predicts worldwide spending on digital transformation
technologies to expand at a compound annual growth rate of
17.9% through 2021 to more than $2.1 trillion® ($1.7 trillion in
2019).° According to IDC, virtually all digital transformation
initiatives will be dependent on the cloud services delivery model
for scale, access to key technologies, and access to digital
supply networks and distribution networks.*

Therefore, IDC expects still growing percentages of IT
operations budgets to go to public cloud in the coming years,
assuming that cloud services spending will continue to grow at
double-digit rates for the next few years.? Most likely for IDC, the
most notable growth area at acompound annual growth rate of
27.3% through 2021 will be managed public cloud services
offerings.* But even the entire software and services markets
will grow significantly, forecasts IDC, with $357.9 billion being
invested in software in 2018 and $430.0 billion in 2019, while
services will be at $601.7 billion in 2018 and $703.2 billion in
2019.?

DC expects the pace of IT innovation launches on public clouds
o continue or even accelerate the migrations of applications
and data from enterprise datacenters to shared/public cloud
datacenters.‘ This will be driven by new tooling and investments
© manage and monitor public cloud-based resources and by the
earning curve of getting familiar with new operational
workflows, ° says IDC. It will most likely in the long term have a
positive overall impact on industry growth as more users adopt
more advanced computing solutions at a faster rate.?

By 2019, IDC expects that approximately $0.4 trillion will be
invested in technologies like the cloud and Big Data while $1.3
trillion could be invested in innovation accelerators like the
Internet of Things (loT), next-generation security, and machine
learning.” They all, according to IDC, then combine to continually
sense and collectively learn from the data environment of the
enterprise.? Many future commerce business models even
necessarily require technologies such as the loT, Big Data and
analytics, security, enterprise mobility, cloud, and artificial
intelligence,? says IDC, and predicts that, for example, by 2020,
25% of global transaction banks, nearly 30% of manufacturers
and retailers, and 20% of healthcare organizations will use
blockchain networks in production,° calling this development the
“blockchain-fueled rise of digital trust.°”

However, according to IDC, cognitive computing, artificial
intelligence, and machine learning will soon become the fastest-
growing segments of software development.® 40% of digital
transformation initiatives could use artificial intelligence

138

services by 2019 and 75% of commercial enterprise apps by
2021.° This means a compound annual growth rate of 54.4%
through 2020 for cognitive and artificial intelligence solutions
with a total revenue of more than $46 billion by then, ° says IDC.

Sources:

' European Central Bank, Economic Bulletin, Issue 8/2017, Publication Date: December 28,
2017 (http://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/ecbu/eb201708.en.pdf)

? IDC FutureScape: Worldwide Digital Transformation 2018 Predictions, Doc #US43154617,
October 2017

3 IDC Market Forecast: Software License, Maintenance & Subscription Forecast, 2017-
2021, Doc #US42825517, July 2017

* IDC Worldwide Whole Cloud Forecast, 2017-2021, Doc #US43215817, December 2017

5 IDC FutureScape, Worldwide Cloud 2018 Predictions, Doc # US42014717, October 2017

® IDC FutureScape: Worldwide IT Industry 2018 Predictions, #US43171317, October 2017

As to regional rates of growth, Gartner, another U.S.-based IT
market research firm, projects the following accelerations in IT
spending for the mid-term horizon until end of 2018:

Trends in the IT Market —
Accelerated IT Spending Year Over Year

Growth in %

. 2016e
at constant currencies

2017p 2018p

Services 41 43 44

Services 2.8 3.3 3.7

Services 5.5 5.2 5.1

Software 5.8 9.6 9.8
Services 3.0 3.7

e = estimate, p = projection

Table created by SAP based on: Gartner Market Databook, 4Q17 Update, December 28,
2017, Table 2-1 "Regional End-User Spending on IT Products and Services in Constant
U.S. Dollars, 2015-2021 (Millions of Dollars)".

The Gartner Reports described herein, (the “Gartner Reports”) represent research
opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Gartner,
Inc. (“Gartner”), and are not representations of fact. Each Gartner Report speaks as of

its original publication date (and not as of the date of this Annual Report) and the
opinions expressed in the Gartner Reports are subject to change without notice.

Impact on SAP

Our 2017 results again showed that our strategy of innovation
and growth is the right way forward. SAP once again showed
impressive resilience and global breadth to successfully
navigate the evolving economic and political environment. We
will continue to invest in strategic growth areas such as the
cloud, the loT, artificial intelligence, and blockchain, which are

Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities
expected to become significant investment priorities of our
customers in the upcoming years.

SAP is positioned at the business core processes of a large
number of global corporations. The growing hyperconnectivity
with the physical world, the capabilities of supercomputing
architectures as well as the continuous adoption of cloud
solutions makes us confident to significantly benefit from the
mega trends predicted by industry analysts.

Operational Targets for 2018
(Non-IFRS)

Revenue and Operating Profit
Outlook

The Company is providing the following 2018 outlook:

— Based on the continued strong momentum in SAP’s cloud
business, the Company expects full-year 2018 non-IFRS
cloud subscriptions and support revenue to be ina range of
€4.8 billion to €5.0 billion at constant currencies (2017:
€3.77 billion). This range represents a growth rate of 27% to
33% at constant currencies.

— The Company expects full-year 2018 non-IFRS cloud and
software revenue to be in a range of €20.7 billion to
€21.1 billion (2017: €19.55 billion). This range represents a
growth rate of 6% to 8% at constant currencies.

— The Company expects full-year 2018 non-IFRS total revenue
to be in arrange of €24.6 billion to €25.1 billion at constant
currencies (2017: €23.46 billion). This range represents a
growth rate of 5% to 7% at constant currencies.

— The Company expects full-year 2018 non-IFRS operating
profit to be in a range of €7.3 billion to €7.5 billion at constant
currencies (2017: €6.77 billion). This range represents a
growth rate of 8% to 11% at constant currencies.

We expect that non-IFRS total revenue will continue to depend
largely on the revenue from both cloud and software. However,
we expect cloud revenue to overtake software license revenue in
2018 and beyond. As of Q2 2018, we expect an increase in
operating margin again.

In 2018, we expect our headcount to increase at a similar pace
as in 2017.

While the Company's full-year 2018 business outlook is at
constant currencies, actual-currency reported figures are
expected to be impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations
as we progress through the year. If exchange rates remain at the
early January level for the rest of the year, we expect non-IFRS
cloud and software revenue to experience a currency headwind
in a range of —7pp to —9pp in Q1 2018 and —3pp to —5pp for the
full year 2018, and non-IFRS operating profit to experience a

currency headwind in a range of —-6pp to —8pp in Q1 2018 and -
App to —6pp for the full year 2018.

We continuously strive for profit expansion in both of our
reportable segments.

The following table shows the estimates of the items that
represent the differences between our non-IFRS financial
measures and our IFRS financial measures.

Non-IFRS Measures

€ millions Estimated Actual

Amounts for Amounts

2018 for 2017

Revenue adjustments <20 3
S

Acquisition-related charges 500 to 540 587

Restructuring 30 to 50 182

The Company expects a full-year 2018 effective tax rate (IFRS
and non-IFRS) of 27.0% to 28.0% (2017: 19.3% (IFRS) and
22.6% (non-IFRS)).

Impact of the New Accounting Standard
IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with
Customers’

As of January 1, 2018, SAP changed several of its accounting
policies to adopt IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with
Customers’. Under the IFRS 15 adoption method chosen by
SAP, prior years are not restated to conform to the new policies.
Consequently, the year-over-year growth of revenue and profit
in 2018 will be impacted by the new policies.

The Company expects the impact of the policy change on
revenue, operating expenses, and profit to be as follows:

— Revenues are expected to experience a benefit of
substantially less than €0.1 billion, with most of the difference
resulting from exercises of customer software purchase
options granted in prior years that result in software revenue.

— Operating expenses are expected to benefit, in cost of sales

and marketing, in the amount of approximately €0.2 billion
from higher capitalization of sales commissions. Other policy
changes will weigh on operating expenses with an additional
cost of revenue of substantially less than €0.1 billion.

— The abovementioned effects will result in a net positive
impact on operating profit of approximately €0.2 billion.

For more information about the adoption of IFRS 15, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, ore (Ge).

Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities 139
Goals for Liquidity and Finance

On December 31, 2017, we had a negative net liquidity. We
believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn credit
acilities are sufficient to meet our operating financing needs
also in 2018 and, together with expected cash flows from
operations, will support debt repayments and our currently
planned capital expenditure requirements over the near and
medium term.

n 2018, we anticipate operating cash flow to reach around
€5.0 billion.

We intend to repay US$150 million in U.S. private placements in
June 2018 as well as €400 million and €750 million in
Eurobonds in August and November 2018, respectively.

Investment Goals

Our planned capital expenditures for 2018 and 2019, other than
from business combinations, consist primarily of the
construction activities described in the Assezs (/FRS) section of
this report. We expect investments from these activities of
approximately €473 million in 2018 (an increase of
approximately 45% compared to the previous year). The
expansion of our data centers is an important aspect of our
planned investments again for 2018. In addition, we aim to
extend our office space to cover currently anticipated future
growth. In 2019, we expect investments of approximately
€400 million.

On January 30, 2018, SAP announced that SAP America, Inc.
has entered into an agreement to acquire Callidus Software Inc.
SAP safeguards funding of the transaction with existing cash
balances and an acquisition term loan and intends to refinance
substantial portions of the purchase price with capital market
transactions. The transaction is expected to close in the second
quarter of 2018, subject to approval from Callidus Software Inc.
stockholders, clearances by the relevant regulatory authorities,
and other customary closing conditions. For more information
about the acquisition of Callidus Software Inc., see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, ote (33).

Other than that we do not expect major acquisitions in 2018 and
2019 but will rather focus on organic growth, complemented by
minor tuck-in acquisitions.

Proposed Dividend

In 2018, we intend to pay a dividend totaling more than 40% of
the prior year’s profit after tax, subject to shareholder approval
at the Annual General Shareholders meeting in May 2018. For
further information, see the f/nancia/ Performance: Review and
Analysis section of this report.

Premises on Which Our Outlook Is
Based

In preparing our outlook, we have taken into account all events
known to us at the time we prepared this report that could
influence SAP's business going forward. However, our outlook
as well as the estimates for our non-IFRS adjustments do not
include any contributions from the acquisition of CallidusCloud.
SAP will provide an update on its outlook subsequent to the
closing of the contemplated acquisition.

Outlook for SAP SE

The primary source of revenue for SAP SE is the license fees it
harges subsidiaries for the right to market and maintain SAP
oftware solutions. Consequently, the performance of SAP SE in
perating terms is closely tied to the cloud and software revenue
the SAP Group.

Cc
Ss

oO
ie)

We expect product revenue for SAP SE to increase at constant
currencies generally in line with the 6% to 8% constant-
currency rise in non-IFRS cloud and software revenue
anticipated for the SAP Group in 2018.

Assuming there are no special effects relating to acquisitions or
internal corporate restructuring measures in 2018, we also
expect the operating profit of SAP SE to increase slightly.

Provided the SAP Group continues to hit its revenue and profit
targets, we expect SAP SE to sustain revenue and operating
income growth into the medium term.

We believe SAP SE, the parent company of the SAP Group, will
receive investment income in the form of profit transfers and
dividends again in the future. The growth we expect from the
SAP Group should have a positive effect on SAP SE investment
income.

The outlook projections for the SAP Group in respect of liquidity,
finance, investment, and dividend are equally applicable to SAP
SE.

Among the assumptions underlying this outlook are those
presented above concerning the economy and our expectations
for the performance of the SAP Group.

Medium-Term Prospects

In this section, all numbers are based exclusively on non-IFRS
measures.

We expect to grow our more predictable revenue while steadily
increasing operating profit. Our strategic objectives are focused
primarily on our main financial and non-financial objectives:
growth, profitability, customer loyalty, and employee
engagement.

140 Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities
We reiterate our 2020 ambition for cloud subscription and
support revenue, total revenue, operating profit, and more
predictable revenue share last provided at the beginning of
2017. This ambition reflects SAP’s consistent fast growth in the
cloud, solid software momentum, and operating profit
expansion. Despite the currency headwinds in 2017 SAP
continues to strive to reach the following in 2020:

- €8.0 billion to €8.5 billion in Non-IFRS cloud subscriptions
and support revenue (2017: €3.77 billion)

- €28 billion to €29 billion in Non-IFRS total revenue (2017:
€23.46 billion)

- €8.5 billion to €9.0 billion in Non-IFRS operating profit (2017:

€6.77 billion)

We continue to expect the share of more predictable revenue
(defined as the total of Non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and

support revenue and Non-IFRS software support revenue) to
reach 70% to 75% in 2020 (2017: 63%).

By 2020, we expect our public cloud offerings to contribute
approximately half of Non-IFRS cloud subscription and support
revenue, closely followed by our business network offerings.
Both of these offerings are expected to each generate, in 2020,
cloud subscriptions and support revenues that are significantly
higher than the cloud subscriptions and support revenue
generated from our private cloud offerings.

Our revenue growth trajectory through 2020 is expected to be
driven by continued strong growth in the cloud and continued
growth in our software support revenue. We continue to expect
low to mid-single-digit declines in software revenue. This is all
expected to result in high single-digit growth in cloud and
software revenue through 2020.

We also strive to significantly improve, over the next few years,
the profitability of our cloud business. Starting in 2018, we
expect to see the benefits from previous efficiency-based
investments, and thus an increasing cloud gross margin. We
expect these profitability improvements to accelerate in the
following years.

We expect that the individual gross margins of our different
cloud operating models will increase at different rates over the
next years to reach the following mid-term targets.

Previously, we expected our business network gross margin to
reach 80% by 2020 (2017: 77%). We now expect that, in 2020,
this gross margin will be higher than 80%.

We continue to expect the gross margin from our public cloud
offerings to reach approximately 80% (2017: 57%), but this is
now expected to take one to two years longer than 2020 as
previously targeted.

We continue to expect the gross margin for our private cloud
offerings to reach about 40% by 2020 (2017: 6%).

The changes in our gross margin ambitions for the individual
cloud operating models also impact our ambition for the overall
cloud gross margin. Previously, we expected the cloud gross
margin to reach approximately 73% in 2020. The cloud gross
margin is now expected to be approximately 71% by 2020. This
change primarily results from our revised public cloud gross
margin ambition as outlined above. However, this is expected to
be partially outweighed by revenue mix-shift effects, as our
private cloud offerings are now expected to have a lower share
of our overall cloud subscriptions and support revenue.

We also aim at further improving the profitability of our on-
premise software business. The gross margin for our software
licenses and support is expected to be at approximately 87.5%
by 2020 (2017: 87.0%) in 2020.

In addition, we expect our services gross margin to remain
stable (2017: 23.5%) in 2020. The change in this target
compared to our previously communicated target of 20% is
driven by the continued efficiency gains from our SAP ONE
Service initiative.

As we look to increase our profitability through 2020, our cost
ratios (cost as a % of total revenue) are expected to develop as
follows through 2020: Research and development is expected to
remain at the current level. Sales and marketing as well as
General and administration are expected to decline slightly.

Non-Financial Goals 2018 and
Ambitions for 2020

In addition to our financial goals, we also focus on two non-
financial targets: customer loyalty and employee engagement.

For 2018 through to 2020, we aim to reach an Employee
Engagement Index of between 84% and 86% (2017: 85%).

We measure customer loyalty using the Customer Net Promoter
Score (NPS). In 2018, we foresee a combined Customer NPS of
21% to 23%, with our medium-term goal of reaching a combined
Customer NPS of 35% to 40% by 2020 (2017: 17.8%).

Opportunities

Our customers rely on SAP as the trusted partner in their digital
business transformation, not only for providing in-memory
technology, standardized on-premise and cloud solutions, and
access to business networks, but also for helping them drive
new business outcomes and enabling business model
innovations. To meet these expectations, we must grow
consistently and accelerate the pace of our own business
transformation by exploiting new opportunities.

We have established a framework for opportunity management
by evaluating and analyzing four key areas: current markets,
competitive landscapes, external scenarios, and technological

Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities 141
trends. Additionally, we have delved into customer and product
segmentation, growth drivers, and industry-specific success
factors. Based on these combined insights, our Executive Board
defines our market strategies. Our shareholder value relies
heavily upon a fine balance of risk mitigation and value-driven
opportunities. Therefore, our strong governance model ensures
that decisions are based on return, investment required, and
risk mitigation. We rely on the talent and resources within SAP
and our entire ecosystem.

As far as opportunities are likely to occur, we have incorporated
them into our business plans, our outlook for 2018, and our
medium-term prospects outlined in this report. Therefore, the
following section focuses on future trends or events that might
result in an uplift of our outlook and medium-term prospects, if
they develop better than we have anticipated in our forecasts.

SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group and earns most
of its revenue from software license fees, subscriptions fees,
and dividends paid by affiliates. Consequently, the opportunities
described below also apply — directly or indirectly — to SAP SE.

Opportunities from Economic
Conditions

Economic conditions have a clear influence on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Should the global
economy experience a more sustained growth than is reflected
in our plans today, our revenue and profit may exceed our
current outlook and medium-term prospects.

Our midterm planning is based on unchanged market conditions
in emerging markets. Should their stability increase again, this
would be an upside to our midterm planning.

For more information about future trends in the global economy
and the IT market outlook, as well as their potential influence on
SAP, see the Expected Developments and Opportunities
section.

Opportunities from Research and
Development Traction

Our continued growth through innovation is based on our ability
to leverage research and development (R&D) resources
effectively. We continue to improve our development processes
through design thinking and lean methodologies. We are
accelerating innovation cycles, especially in the area of cloud
solutions, and engaging more closely with our customers to
ensure accuracy and success. In addition, we have generated a
new structure that enables innovations in a startup-like
environment and ecosystem.

While speed is a key strength, we also focus on ease of adoption
and providing compelling returns. This allows our customers to
easily consume technologies and software applications with

immediate benefits for their businesses. If we make innovations
available faster than currently anticipated, or if customers adopt
the innovations faster than currently expected, for example, by
shifting faster to managed clouds for enterprise resource
planning, or by shifting faster to our new SAP S/4HANA
solutions, whether cloud or on premise, this could positively
impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows, and result in their
exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities in research and
development for SAP, see the Products, Research &
Development, and Services section as well as the Expected
Developments and Opportunities section.

Opportunities from Our Strategy for
Profitable Growth

SAP strives to generate profitable growth across its portfolio of
products, solutions, and services to keep or improve its market
position. Our aim is to continue to expand our addressable
market to €320 billion in 2020, based on new assets in our SAP
Business Network Segment, our new technologies and
innovations, and the extension of our cloud portfolio.

We see opportunities in growing product and market areas, such
as in-memory computing, cloud, mobile, business networks,
social media, Big Data, the Internet of Things, machine learning,
artificial intelligence, predictive analytics, and especially all
business developments that are targeted at the digital business
transformation, which is key to our strategy. In addition to
organic developments and tuck-in acquisitions, large strategic
acquisitions in particular may boost our revenue and profits
significantly. Furthermore, SAP seeks to establish new business
models and leverage its expanding ecosystem of partners to
achieve scale and maximize opportunities.

Our strong assets in applications and analytics, as well as
database and technology, continue to offer solid multiyear
growth opportunities as we bring innovative technologies with
simplified consumption to our installed base and continue to
add net-new customers. Unexpected portfolio growth may
positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows, and result
in their exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term
prospects. Specifically, SAP HANA, cloud offerings, and

SAP S/4HANA solutions could create even more demand than is
reflected in our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.
New opportunities are generated by SAP Leonardo, SAP’s
platform to drive digital innovation. It is a comprehensive
offering driving innovation based on digital business services,
technical services, and a broad portfolio of applications focused
on the Internet of Things for the extended supply chain.

Further upside potential is possible by higher-than-expected
renewal rates of our cloud solutions.

142 Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities
For more information about future opportunities for SAP, see
the Strategy and Business V/ode/section as well as the Expected
Developments and Opportunities section.

Opportunities from Our Partner
Ecosystem

SAP continues to grow and develop a global partner ecosystem.
To increase market coverage, we want to enhance our portfolio
and spur innovation with the specified objective of increasing the
partner revenue contribution to SAP's overall revenue target. In
addition to strengthening our core, we leverage our entire
ecosystem to drive adoption of SAP HANA, cloud solutions,

SAP S/4HANA, and SAP Cloud Platform (formerly called SAP
HANA Cloud Platform). This includes strategic partnerships
across all areas: third-party software vendors, systems
integrators, service providers, and infrastructure providers. As a
result, we are creating an ever-stronger setup in which SAP,
customers, and partners co-innovate and develop new
innovative solutions on and with SAP HANA. In 2017, SAP
announced new strategic partnerships to co-innovate, which
open new opportunities (for more information, see the
Customers section). Should the business of our partners
develop better than currently expected, our indirect sales
(partner revenue) could grow stronger than reflected in our
outlook and medium-term prospects. This may positively impact
our revenue, profit, and cash flows, and result in their exceeding
our stated medium-term prospects.

Opportunities from Our Employees

Our employees drive our innovation, provide the value to our
customers, and consistently promote our growth and
profitability. In 2017, we continued to increase the number of
full-time employees in key strategic areas to support our growth
ambitions. We anticipate improvements in employee
productivity as a result of our continued endeavors in design-
thinking principles. As described in the Emp/oyees and Socia/
/nvestments section, we continuously invest in our talents to
sustain their high level of engagement, collaboration, social
innovation, and health.

Our outlook and medium-term prospects are based on certain
assumptions regarding employee turnover and our Business
Health Culture Index (as defined in the Emp/oyees and Social
/nvestments section). Should these develop better than
expected, there might be a gain in employee productivity and
engagement. A stronger than expected increase in the employee
engagement index can therefore be seen as an opportunity
which could positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash
flows, and result in their exceeding our stated medium-term
prospects.

For more information about future opportunities from our
employees, see the Employees and Social /nvestments section.

Combined Management Report | Expected Developments and Opportunities

Opportunities from Our Customer
Engagement

SAP goes to market by region, customer segments, line of
business, and industry. We evolve and invest in our go-to-
market coverage model to effectively sell industry-specific
solutions while increasing our engagement with customers. We
focus on the dynamic and fast-changing landscape each
industry faces as technology evolves.

We offer unique services that support a significant return on
investment, and continue to actively look at new opportunities to
increase the value we deliver to our customers.

In general, our outlook and medium-term prospects are based
on certain assumptions regarding the success of our go-to-
market approaches. If the actual go-to-market success exceeds
these assumptions, this could positively impact our revenue,
profit, and cash flows, and result in their exceeding our stated
medium-term prospects.

143
