Combined Management Report

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

5/7

Fundamental Information

about the Group
Merck

We are a global science and technology company headquartered in
Darmstadt, Germany. With a history of nearly 350 years, we are the
oldest chemical and pharmaceutical company in the world. In line
with our strategic direction, Merck comprises three business sectors:
Healthcare, Life Science, and Performance Materials.

In Healthcare, we discover, develop and manufacture prescription
medicines used to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis, and infertility. Our
products help millions of people around the world.

In Life Science, we conduct research for researchers, providing
scientists with laboratory materials, technologies and services. Our
aim is to make research and biomanufacturing easier, faster and
more successful.

Performance Materials develops specialty chemicals and materials
for demanding applications - from liquid crystals and OLED materials
for displays to effect pigments for coatings and cosmetics up to high-
tech materials for the manufacture of integrated circuits.

We hold the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only
exceptions are Canada and the United States. In these countries,
we operate as EMD Serono in the biopharmaceutical business, as
MilliporeSigma in the life science business and as EMD Performance
Materials in the high-tech materials business.

Apart from our three business sectors, our financial reporting
presents the five regions Europe, North America, Asia-Pacific (APAC),
Latin America as well as Middle East and Africa (MEA). As of Decem-
ber 31, 2017, we had 52,941 employees worldwide, which compares
with 50,414 on December 31, 2016.!

Healthcare

Our Healthcare business sector comprises the three businesses
Biopharma, Consumer Health, and Allergopharma. Since 2015, Belén
Garijo has been the CEO of the Healthcare business sector and
member of the Executive Board. In 2017, Healthcare generated 46%
of Group sales and 41% of EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate and
Other), making it the largest of our three business sectors. The
regions Europe and North America generated 57% of Healthcare’s
net sales in 2017. In recent years, we have steadily expanded our
presence in growth markets. In 2017, Asia Pacific and Latin America
accounted for 36% of sales. Our divestment of the Biosimilars
business to Fresenius closed on August 31.

BIOPHARMA

Our Biopharma business discovers, develops, manufactures and
markets innovative pharmaceutical and biological prescription drugs
to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS), infertility, growth disorders
as well as certain cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Biopharma
is the largest of our Healthcare businesses. We operate in four fran-
chises: Oncology, Neurology & Immunology, Fertility, and General
Medicine & Endocrinology. Our streamlined R&D pipeline positions
us with a clear focus on becoming a leading specialty innovator in
oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology, including multiple
sclerosis.

In 2017, we reinforced our commitment to growing our immu-
nology pipeline to provide new options to better the lives of people
with immunological diseases with the receipt of regulatory approvals
for Mavenclad® (cladribine tablets) in the 28 member states of the EU
as well as Liechtenstein, Iceland and Norway; Canada and Australia.
We reached important development milestones for atacicept and
sprifermin, reporting our results at key medical meetings around the
world.

In June, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
(CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) issued a positive
opinion for approval of Mavenclad® (cladribine tablets). Data from
clinical trials indicate that Mavenclad® can lead to high and sustained
efficacy through selective modulation of B and T cells, resulting in
lasting resolution of inflammation. We have robust data relating to
the safety and tolerability profile and consider our unique oral short-
course treatment to be an important therapeutic option for patients
with relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) with high disease activity.

We view Mavenclad® as a complementary new oral treatment
option in our MS product portfolio. Our MS treatment Rebif® is and
remains a well-established therapy.

In August, the European Commission (EC) granted marketing
authorization for Mavenclad® in the treatment of highly active relapsing
multiple sclerosis. In December, the Therapeutic Goods Administration
(TGA) in Australia updated the registration including the indication,
dosing and safety information of Mavenclad® for the treatment of
relapsing-remitting (RRMS), and Health Canada approved Mavenclad®
as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with RRMS. In
January 2018, the Israeli Ministry of Health approved Mavenclad®
for the treatment of adult patients with highly active relapsing MS
as defined by clinical or imaging features.

1Merck also has employees at sites which are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the

financial section of this report.
Combined Management Report

58

We presented data on sprifermin, our investigational treatment for
knee osteoarthritis, at the ACR/ARHP Annual Meeting held in Novem-
ber. The study of 549 patients met its primary endpoint, demon-
strating statistically significant, dose-dependent increases in MRI
total femorotibial joint cartilage thickness from baseline in the two
sprifermin groups receiving the highest doses as compared with the
placebo group after the two-year treatment period.

We presented a total of 11 abstracts at ACR/ARHP, highlighting
the momentum of our various clinical programs in immunology. We
presented other data of note on a Phase II post-hoc study analysis
of atacicept for SLE patients with high disease activity. In the analysis
of ADDRESS II, a 24-week, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase IIb
study of 306 people, those who had high disease activity at baseline
had three to five times the odds of attaining low disease activity at
24 weeks when treated with atacicept 150 mg dose (n=51) as com-
pared to those treated with placebo (n=52).

Erbitux® (cetuximab) remains the second best-selling drug in
the portfolio of our Biopharma business and is our flagship product
in oncology. The product is a standard of care for patients with
epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-expressing, RAS wild-type
metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC) therapy, as well as both recur-
rent/metastatic and locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of
the head and neck (SCCHN). We continue to invest in Erbitux® and
are committed to making it available to those patients whom it will
benefit most.

Together with Pfizer Inc., USA, we are developing much-needed
new treatment options for patients with hard-to-treat cancers. In
2017, we made key progress in this area. We have obtained a total
of six regulatory approvals for our anti-PD-L1 antibody avelumab
under the brand name Bavencio®. The U.S. Food and Drug Adminis-
tration (FDA) granted two accelerated approvals for Bavencio® for
the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older
with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) and previously treated
patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma
(UC). These indications were approved under accelerated approval
based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued
approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification
and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. The prognosis
for both patient groups is very poor, so for patients around the world
this may represent a welcome new treatment option. Furthermore,
approvals were granted for Merkel cell carcinoma in Switzerland,
Japan, Canada and in the 28 member states of the European Union,
as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. Approvals followed in
Australia and Israel in early 2018. In addition, Bavencio® was approved
for the treatment of patients with urothelial carcinoma in Israel in
late January 2018.

The Bavencio® approvals were based on data from our compre-
hensive clinical development program, JAVELIN, which currently
comprises at least 30 clinical programs, including various Phase III
trials, and over 7,000 patients evaluated across more than 15 dif-
ferent tumor types. In addition to MCC and urothelial carcinoma,
these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal junction,
head and neck, Hodgkin’s lymphoma, melanoma, mesothelioma,
non-small cell lung, ovarian, and renal cell carcinoma. Key data from

1 Geri™ is not yet available in the United States.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

the JAVELIN program were presented at major medical congresses
in 2017 to help advance understanding of the field of immuno-
oncology, and this will continue in 2018.

In November, we announced that our Phase III JAVELIN Gastric
300 study did not meet its pre-specified primary endpoint of superior
overall survival. The study set a high bar for success and although
the primary endpoint was not met, we believe that the data will
provide valuable insights. We will therefore further examine the data
in an effort to better understand the results and intend to present
the results at an upcoming medical congress.

In addition, as part of our commitment to developing new treat-
ment options for patients with hard-to-treat cancers who would
otherwise have a low chance of survival, we are exploring all potential
options and have entered into four new strategic collaborations to
evaluate avelumab in combination with a range of complementary
oncology medicines (further details can be found under “Research &
Development”).

An important growth driver for our Biopharma business is our
portfolio of fertility products that help couples conceive a child,
ranging from drugs to technologies. Infertility has become a key topic
globally due to the trend towards delaying childbirth. We see steadily
increasing demand in growth markets fueling sales. In addition, we
are facing a rapidly changing environment in the fertility market,
changes in competitive environment trending towards increased price
pressure in the drugs business, more educated patients and an
increasing importance of technologies in Fertility. The innovative
strategic objective of our Fertility business is to develop from the
world market leader in fertility drugs into an integrated fertility treat-
ment partner. We are therefore focusing on turning these trends into
opportunities for Merck to achieve further growth. The first step to
achieve this goal was to complement our existing drug portfolio with
a continuously expanding innovative technologies offering.

We are the only company to offer recombinant versions of the
three natural hormones needed to treat infertility as well as a
complete and clinically tested portfolio for every stage of the repro-
ductive cycle. We are continuously supporting patients on their IVF
journey. In November, the FDA approved a new version of the Gonal-f®
(follitropin alfa injection) prefilled pen that is easy-to-learn and easy-
to-use (please refer to the R&D section for details). Earlier in the
year we received regulatory approval for the new Pergoveris® pen in
Europe (please refer to the R&D section for details).

Our Fertility Technologies business continues to broaden its
footprint. In December, we announced U.S. FDA 510(K) clearance of
the benchtop embryo incubator Geri™?. This innovative technology,
designed to improve processes in fertility laboratories, will be
commercially available to IVF clinics in the United States as of the
first half of 2018. In early 2017, we announced the release of two
advanced Fertility Technologies products for improved efficiency in
the assisted reproductive treatment (ART) lab, Eeva® Test 3.0 and
Geri™ humidified incubation products.

In January, we opened our first Center of Excellence (CoE) for
fertility, an international state-of-the-art facility for high-quality
training of healthcare professionals, such as physicians and embry-
ologists, to improve clinical practices, protocols and clinical outcomes.
Combined Management Report

Every day, more than 60 million patients around the world use our
trusted general medicine and endocrinology (GM&E) medicines.
Today, Concor®, Euthyrox®, Glucophage® and Saizen® are high-value
brands and market leaders in many key markets around the world.
As a result, in terms of sales GM&E is the largest business franchise
of the Healthcare business sector, with strong double-digit growth in
all major therapeutic areas in 2017, contributing significantly to the
overall profitability of Biopharma and Merck. Although no longer
patent-protected, the brand equity built over decades makes our
flagship products cornerstones for the treatment of chronic cardio-
vascular, metabolic and endocrine diseases.

Concor®, containing bisoprolol, is the leading beta-blocker for
chronic cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension, coronary
artery disease and chronic heart failure. With a market share above
40% and double-digit sales growth, Euthyrox® (active ingredient
levothyroxine) is the worldwide market leader for treating hypo-
thyroidism, a disease with high prevalence but low diagnosis in most
emerging markets. Glucophage®, containing the active ingredient
metformin, is the drug of choice for first-line treatment of type 2
diabetes. In May, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory
Agency (MHRA) in the United Kingdom authorized Glucophage® SR
(sustained release formulation; metformin) for the reduction in the
risk or delay of the onset of type 2 diabetes in adult, overweight
patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and/or impaired fast-
ing glucose (IFG), and/or increased glycated hemoglobin (HbAic),
when intensive lifestyle changes for three to six months have failed.
In addition to the United Kingdom, we have approvals in the indica-
tion of prediabetes in 16 markets and see great potential due to an
increasing prevalence of diabetes.

We also help to raise awareness and education in the areas we
operate in, such as thyroid diseases and diabetes. For example, we
took part in International Thyroid Awareness Week and announced
a partnership with the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), which
will serve as a basis for joint education and communication activities
to raise awareness of the importance of type 2 diabetes prevention.

Saizen® (somatropin) is our main endocrinology product and is
indicated for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in
children and adults. Saizen® is delivered with the easypod™ electro-
mechanical injection device, the only growth hormone injection device
of its kind. easypod™ is able to wirelessly transfer data such as
injection times, dates and doses to the web-based software system
easypod™ connect, making it easier for healthcare practitioners and
patients to ensure adherence and reach their treatment goals.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

59

At the 2017 Pharmaceutical Market Excellence Awards, Merck won
in the category “Excellence in Innovation”. We were awarded for our
eHealth ecosystem designed to improve treatment outcomes by
working with patients, carers and healthcare professionals.

CONSUMER HEALTH

Our Consumer Health business focuses on consumer-centric inno-
vation under the umbrellas of several strategic brands such as
Neurobion®, Bion3®, Seven Seas®, Nasivin®, Femibion® and Dolo-
Neurobion®, as well as Vivera®/Floratil®, Sangobion®, Vigantoletten®,
Apaisyl®, and Kytta®. The aim is to emotionalize these over-the-
counter and food supplement brands so that they become irresistible
love brands in the eyes of our consumers and customers alike. Most
of these brands are fully aligned with the newly established purpose
of the Consumer Health business: “We exist to prepare society for a
new era of humans living 100 healthy years.”

Global megatrends favor the future growth of our Consumer
Health business. People are becoming more health-conscious and
looking after their own physical well-being. Preventive healthcare
and minimally invasive treatment are growing in importance in both
established and developing markets, the latter characterized by a
growing middle class with specific needs. As people and societies are
growing older than ever before, Consumer Health has established a
movement around its new purpose of actively driving change in the
societies it operates in, all under the independent label and motto
“WE100°.”

Consumer Health currently ranks among the top 15 players in
the global OTC market and already generates more than 50% of its
annual sales in developing growth markets. In particular, markets
such as Mexico, Brazil, Poland, Greece, South Africa, India, Indonesia,
Thailand, and Malaysia are delivering significant growth rates. To
further align the regional strategies with the strategic brand strate-
gies and to even better focus on efficient region-brand combinations,
the business has reorganized its brand structure into a brand-
franchise model leveraging its full expertise and capabilities across
functions.

On September 5, we announced that we are preparing strategic
options for our Consumer Health business, including a potential full
or partial sale of the business as well as strategic partnerships. This
is consistent with our focus on our innovation-driven Biopharma
pipeline.
Combined Management Report

60

ALLERGOPHARMA

Our allergy business Allergopharma is one of the leading companies
in the field of allergy immunotherapy (AIT). The Allergopharma port-
folio includes a diverse spectrum of approved allergen products that
meet high quality standards. AIT (hypo-sensitization, desensitization,
specific immunotherapy) is the only causal therapy for treating allergies
to unavoidable allergens.

We manufacture products to diagnose and treat type 1 allergies
such as hay fever or allergic asthma. Our allergy business offers high-
dose, hypoallergenic, standardized products for allergen immuno-
therapy of pollen and mite allergies. These allergoids have a special
focus in Allergopharma’s product portfolio and constitute a corner-
stone in its integrated health approach for patients suffering from
these conditions. For effective treatment, reliable diagnosis is key.
Allergopharma offers a broad range of diagnostics in the field of
allergies with more than 100 single allergens, providing physicians
with the specific tools needed to identify the substances causing an
allergy. In addition, Allergopharma provides individual allergen
extracts on a named patient basis, which are needed to treat less
frequent allergies. Personalized medicine has been a reality for
Allergopharma for many years now. Products of Allergopharma are
available in 18 countries worldwide.

Life Science

In the Life Science business sector, our purpose is to solve the
toughest problems in life science by collaborating with the global
scientific community — and through that, we aim to accelerate access
to health for people everywhere. Udit Batra has been the CEO of our
Life Science business sector since 2014 and a member of the Merck
Executive Board since 2016. In 2017, Life Science generated 38%
of Group sales as well as 38% of EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate
and Other).

We serve customers in academia, biotech and pharma - helping
them to deliver the promise of their work better, faster and safer.
As a leading player in the life science industry, we offer innovative
solutions for scientists and engineers at every stage.

Our 300,000 products range from lab water systems to genome-
editing tools, antibodies and cell lines, as well as end-to-end biopro-
cessing systems to support the manufacturing needs of both emerg-
ing biotech and large pharma companies. For example, the Life
Science business sector created the first-ever commercially available
cell line platform for faster, simpler selection and scale-up of high-
producing clones for making recombinant protein drugs. Used to
produce biopharmaceuticals, the CHOZN® cell line has been proven

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

to shorten bioproduction times in early development, enabling
customers to enhance their speed to market and decrease costs.

Another example is the Life Science business sector’s Mobius®
single-use bioreactors, which help customers move closer to fully
disposable manufacturing. Single-use technology is becoming
increasingly popular in the industry. With single-use disposable
equipment, customers get improved batch turnaround times, reduced
risk of product cross-contamination, decreased capital costs and
have less equipment to clean.

After successfully orchestrating the largest integration in the his-
tory of Merck, the Life Science business sector redesigned its orga-
nizational structure in the second quarter of 2017 to capture growth
opportunities even more nimbly and to align the entire organization
to optimally contribute to, and capitalize on the strength of the Merck
Group. Strategic Marketing & Innovation units and commercial teams
have been streamlined into three distinct business units —- Research
Solutions, Process Solutions and Applied Solutions - with each
designed to increase agility and drive sustained entrepreneurship to
better serve our customers.

The Life Science business sector generates recurring sales and
stable, attractive cash flows in an industry characterized by stringent
regulatory requirements. A highly diversified and loyal customer base
additionally ensures a low-risk profile. We benefit from a broad and
relevant portfolio, a highly efficient supply chain that includes an
e-commerce platform and global reach.

Our e-commerce platform, www.sigmaaldrich.com, allows
customers in nearly every country to easily find the exact products
needed to advance their research. Currently, more than 80% of
legacy Merck Millipore products are available on the platform. In
2016, we implemented a centralized initiative to manage all customer
acquisition channels and scaled search advertising to include more
than two million active keywords to drive increased web traffic to the
content customers are seeking. In 2017, we continued to optimize
our web channel and streamline the customer experience, resulting
in increased user sessions and revenue.

We continued our journey to spark curiosity in the next genera-
tion of scientists with a year-long Curiosity Cube™ tour across the
United States. The tour was built on the business sector’s successful
Curiosity Labs™ program, where employee volunteers brought leading-
edge science, technology and experiments to tens of thousands of
students around the globe - aiming to inspire a future career in
Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM). Through 2017,
the Curiosity Cube™ - a retrofitted shipping container transformed
into a mobile science lab — visited 79 schools, held 54 public events
and reached 38,040 students.
Combined Management Report

The Life Science Research Solutions business unit serves customers
focused on identifying and developing new medicines. We offer a
broad and relevant portfolio of solutions that enables scientific
discovery through collaborative partnerships across the customer
journey. This includes more than 200,000 products and services,
including molecular platforms, protein and pathway technologies,
biochemicals, materials science and cell culture workflow tools.

In May, we acquired Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI) to
complement our industry-leading e-commerce platform and chemistry
portfolio of more than 400,000 building blocks, catalysts and reagents
for chemical synthesis. GSI developed a revolutionary computer-aided
retro-synthesis tool, used to advance reaction rules and proprietary
algorithms to identify synthesis pathways that meet user-defined
constraints. Virtual synthesis significantly reduces the time between
chemical target conception and route evaluation by using a lab’s
preferences to filter millions of data points.

The Process Solutions business unit delivers end-to-end products
and expertise to customers who take what is developed in labs and
manufacture it. We offer a diverse range of products to pharmaceu-
tical and biotechnology companies that enables customers to develop
large- and small-molecule drugs safely, effectively and cost-efficiently.
The 15,000-plus products and services in this business unit include
single-use manufacturing, filtration, chromatography and purification,
virus reduction, pharma and biopharma raw materials, drug delivery
compounds and engineering and validation services.

As a leader in single-use technology, we launched an industry-
first program that allows more flexibility, better supply predictability
and shorter lead times for safer and more efficient drug manufacture
through the Mobius® MyWAY portfolio. This is critical to customers
ranging from contract manufacturing organizations to large pharma
companies, whose biggest challenge is getting custom assembly with
fast, reliable lead times for quicker turnarounds and more rapid
biomanufacturing.

Our single-use chromatography portfolio was boosted in August
with an agreement to acquire Natrix Separations, a provider of hydro-
gel membrane products based in Ontario, Canada. Natrix is known for
its unique technology platform, which delivers high productivity and
impurity removal in a single-use format. The acquisition complements
our efforts to drive next-generation bioprocessing, ultimately enabling
faster and more efficient technology for customers.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

61

In September, China’s first BioReliance® End-to-End Biodevelopment
Center was opened in Shanghai. The center provides a full range of
process development capabilities and services, including cell line
development, upstream and downstream process development and
non-GMP clinical production. The center is designed to meet the
specific needs of customers in the APAC region.

The Applied Solutions business unit supports customers in their
efforts to ensure that drugs, food and beverages are safe for
consumption. We provide trusted products and comprehensive work-
flow solutions that streamline processes, lower costs and deliver
consistent, reliable results. Our 62,000-plus products and services
include analytical separation systems, reference materials, lab water
instruments with consumables and services, and microbiology and
bio-monitoring testing materials.

The Life Science business sector reinforced its commitment to
food safety with the acquisition of BioControl Systems Inc., offering
customers a complete workflow solution for food pathogen testing.
BioControl’s established rapid-detection technology and third-party-
validated testing platforms complement our current portfolio of
instruments and consumables. The acquisition strengthens our ability
to help customers protect the global food supply by providing an
extensive portfolio of state-of-the-art testing technology.

Following the acquisition, we opened our first customer food-
safety studio, located in Bellevue, Washington, USA, for manufac-
turers of all types of food. The new center gives customers access
to a complete food-safety workflow, from raw materials testing to
finished-product safety testing, to help find, correct and prevent
hazards within the food supply chain. The investment brings teams
together in a workspace designed to foster open innovation and
collaboration aimed at our becoming the leader in food-safety testing.

In March, we marked the 50th anniversary of our first lab water
system launch and introduced worldwide the Milli-Q® IQ 7000, the
seventh-generation Milli-Q® water purification innovation. There have
been tremendous advancements in the lab, and today’s scientists
continue to seek ways to improve reproducibility and reliability of
data. The new lab water system addresses these pain points. Milli-Q®
water has become synonymous with ultrapure lab water and is the
most cited brand in peer-reviewed publications.
Combined Management Report

62

Performance Materials

Our specialty chemicals business is combined in our Performance
Materials business sector. The portfolio includes high-tech chemicals
for applications in fields such as consumer electronics, lighting, coat-
ings, printing technology, paints, plastics, and cosmetics. Perfor-
mance Materials comprises four business units: Display Materials,
Integrated Circuit Materials, Pigments & Functional Materials, and
Advanced Technologies. In September 2017, Kai Beckmann, a mem-
ber of the Executive Board of Merck since April 2011, succeeded
Walter Galinat as CEO Performance Materials. In 2017, the Perfor-
mance Materials business sector’s share of Group sales amounted to
16% and its share of EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate and Other)
was 21%. The EBITDA pre margin amounted to 40.1% of sales.

Global demand for innovative display solutions has continued to
grow in recent years. The demand for high-quality consumer elec-
tronics, such as high-resolution televisions and smartphones, will
rise further in the coming years. This will be accompanied by the
building of new capacities and growth in volume demand, driven
primarily by large-screen televisions. In Display Materials, our largest
business unit, we observed a normalization of our market shares in
the liquid crystals sector in 2017. We want to stabilize this situation
by further strengthening our position as market and technology
leader. Key to this are new, sophisticated liquid crystal technologies,
such as SA-VA (self-aligned vertical alignment) and UB-Plus (ultra
brightness). Both new technologies are being intensively tested by
customers -— initial quantities to manufacture the corresponding
display panels have already been sold. The innovative, energy-saving
liquid crystal technology UB-FFS (ultra-brightness fringe-field switch-
ing) for small and medium-sized displays recorded double-digit
growth compared with 2016. In addition, we further enhanced our
ability to support customers in solving process technology issues. In
2017, we made further progress in developing new applications for
liquid crystals. For example, we opened the first production facility
for switchable liquid crystal window modules in Veldhoven, the Neth-
erlands. This is an important milestone for capturing a new market
segment for liquid crystals. Frost & Sullivan recognized our liquid
crystal window technology with the Technology Innovation Award
2017. We also made good progress in applying liquid crystal tech-
nologies to smart antennas and automotive headlight systems,
where we expect to generate initial sales in 2018.

In 2017, our annual “Displaying Futures” symposium, which took
place in Tokyo, focused on the topic of Digital Transformations. We
host this symposium in order to stimulate an interdisciplinary dia-
logue on the development and potential of technologies and their
future impact on society. Experts in robotics, artificial intelligence
(AI) and design participated, elucidating digital transformation from
the various perspectives. Back in 2016, we launched the Displaying
Futures Award to promote young entrepreneurs and researchers.
The aim of this year’s call for proposals was to identify flexible appli-
cations in the field of hybrid electronics. The prize, worth US$ 50,000,
was awarded to three teams from Canada and the United Kingdom.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

Integrated Circuit Materials is our second-largest business unit and
supplies products to manufacture integrated circuits and micro-
electronic systems, for antireflection coatings, and for the mini-
aturization of transistor structures. Deposition materials and conductive
pastes for semiconductor packaging round off the portfolio. As an
important partner to leading global electronics manufacturers, the
business unit achieved very strong organic sales growth and gained
relevant market shares in an overall positively developing semicon-
ductor market. Particularly strong growth was generated by materi-
als for dielectric insulating layers and metal layers deposited from
the gas phase used for advanced processors and latest-generation
storage chips. At industry events such as the international trade show
for semiconductor technology Semicon Korea, SPIE Photonics West
in San Francisco, California, USA, and Semicon Taiwan, we presented
our portfolio expanded by the acquisitions of SAFC Hitech and Ormet
Circuits. At the International Conference on Atomic Layer Deposition
(ALD) in Denver, Colorado, USA, we presented our latest advances
in coating technology. In order to support our business expansion in
Asia, we opened a new research and application center at our site in
Kaohsiung, Taiwan. The center houses two laboratories developing
applications for coating materials and semiconductor packaging in
order to provide future-oriented support to our customers.

The Pigments & Functional Materials business unit develops and
markets a comprehensive product portfolio of decorative effect pig-
ments and functional materials. Our effect pigments are primarily
used in automotive and industrial coatings, plastics, printing appli-
cations, cosmetics and some foods, in order to give products a unique
luster. Functional materials include laser marking, conductive
additives, applications for counterfeit protection as well as high-
quality cosmetic active ingredients, for example for use in skin care,
as well as sun protection and insect repellants. In 2017, we intro-
duced Xirallic® NXT Cougar Red as a new product for coating appli-
cations. It belongs to the improved product generation of the well-
known high-tech effect pigments and stands out due to an attractive
bluish red and very intense glitter. We developed a special clear coat
for new effect dimensions in automotive coatings in cooperation with
Daimler, the coatings specialist PPG Industries and the Fraunhofer
Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Automation. This new
development, which was presented at Sucar, the international
conference on automotive body finishing in Cannes, France, can
significantly intensify the effect on existing OEM base coats, making
it possible to create completely new color tones. For its innovative
3D effect printing technology, Merck entered into a strategic part-
nership with Schmid Rhyner of Switzerland. The aim is to further
develop this innovative printing process with effect pigments for
various surfaces and markets. We added Tivida® FL 3000 to our
portfolio of fluorosurfactants. Its competitive differentiation is based
on its favorable ecotoxicological profile, and even in very low con-
centrations it significantly improves the flow and wetting behavior
of coating systems.
Combined Management Report

At the Laser World of Photonics 2017 exhibition, we presented a new
pigment for laser marking in a new application field. Iriotec® 8826
is particularly suitable for dark and high-contrast marking of colored
polymers and for the first time enables the laser marking of films.
Besides materials for technical applications, we are working on inno-
vative materials for cosmetics. In 2017, two new raw materials com-
plemented our portfolio: RonaCare® Pristine Bright liquid, a liquid
variant of an active ingredient that makes the skin appear naturally
lighter, and an alcohol-free variant of the anti-aging active ingredient
RonaCare® CP5.

In 2017, we opened a new application laboratory in Shanghai,
China. It is the first application laboratory for pigments and functional
materials in China, through which we offer our customers compre-
hensive tailored services for our products and at the same time work
with them to develop new products. China is one of the fastest-grow-
ing markets for our pigments and cosmetics businesses. With the
new application laboratory, we are continuing our 20-year commit-
ment in this business in China and Southeast Asia, and are under-
scoring our leading position in pigments and functional materials.

At the International Symposium on Automotive Lighting (ISAL)
in Darmstadt, we presented our functional pigments for lighting
applications. With these pigments from the Iriotec® 8000 series,
circuit layouts can be integrated into injection-molded components
or powder-coated components in laser direct structuring processes.
Laser structuring of the components offers tremendous design
freedom, especially since these pigments also enable light-colored
design in addition to dark modules.

In 2017, the Advanced Technologies business unit invested
further, particularly in future-oriented research and development in
Performance Materials. A very good example of this are our materi-
als for organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs). The OLED materials
business is one of our fastest-growing businesses. We worked inten-

Fundamental Information about the Group

Merck

63

sively to improve materials for televisions, for instance. Brighter
displays and a larger color spectrum were two areas of focus. At our
debut at the International Motor Show (IAA) in Frankfurt, Germany,
we exhibited rear lights with OLED materials, for instance. As OLEDs
are extremely thin and lightweight, the parts require only little space.
This allows rear lights in new forms, giving vehicle designers even
greater possibilities in the future. OLED materials also permit free-
form displays in vehicle interiors, which expands the design possi-
bilities even further. The technology permits particularly vivid con-
trasts, brilliant colors, sharp images, and pleasant readability. We are
continuing to drive OLED technology forward. The capacities at the
application laboratory in Korea were doubled in 2017. High-quality
phosphors are used for the backlighting of liquid crystal displays. We
launched our new full-spectrum phosphors for application in violet
chip-based LEDs. They are very luminous and achieve a high color
rendering index and a spectrum that comes very close to natural
sunlight. Apart from the use of OLED materials in displays, we are
continuing to target the lighting market.

In the field of organic photovoltaics, more and more pilot projects
demonstrate the manifold applications of the technology in architecture.
In initial construction projects in Europe and Brazil, printed solar
foils turn glass facades and canopies into active power generators.
In 2017, we received the Innovation Award Architecture + Building
at the BAU 2017 for our organic photovoltaic modules developed in
cooperation with Belectric OPV.

Strategic realignment

In 2018, we want to focus even more strongly on the needs of our
customers and markets. Therefore, in December 2017, we announced
that we will combine our expertise in three newly created business
units aligned with our target markets: Display Solutions, Semicon-
ductor Solutions and Surface Solutions.
Combined Management Report

64

Objectives and Strategies

General principles and Group strategy

GENERAL PRINCIPLES

Merck is a vibrant science and technology company. Across Health-
care, Life Science and Performance Materials, we bring expert and
high-quality products to the world. Our aim is to achieve technological
progress that will improve life and make our customers and business
associates more successful. This aspiration is embodied by value-
based and economically sustainable corporate governance, and steers
the strategic development of the Group.

Our annual strategic development process follows firmly defined
principles. Our business portfolio is expected to be adequately balanced
at all times so as to reflect an optimum mix between entrepreneurial
opportunities and risks and ensure the long-term success of the com-
pany. We achieve this through our diversification into three comple-
mentary business sectors that make the company as a whole less
dependent on economic cycles, as well as by further expanding our
presence in global growth markets. This exemplifies the long-term
direction of our Group strategy. The company structure of Merck KGaA
also contributes to this. The Merck family holds approximately 70% of
the capital of Merck KGaA via E. Merck KG, the personally liable part-
ner. In addition, the structure requires the Executive Board, whose
members are also personally liable partners, to pay special attention
to the long-term value creation.

For us, the principle of long-term thinking and actions applies not
only to economic aspects, but also encompasses corporate respon-
sibility. We pursue three strategic spheres of activity: health, envi-
ronment as well as culture and education. The focus is always on the
future viability of society and the competitiveness of our company.
With our current and future product portfolio, we want to help meet
global challenges, from urbanization to aging populations.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

GROUP STRATEGY

Over the past decade, Merck has transformed itself from a classic
supplier of chemicals and pharmaceuticals into a global science
and technology company. The main driver was the transformation
of our business portfolio, particularly through the divestment of our
Generics business (2007) and the acquisitions of Serono (2007),
Millipore (2010), AZ Electronic Materials (2014), and Sigma-Aldrich
(2015). In addition, we focused our businesses on innovation-driven
and highly specialized products, extensively revamped our internal
structures and processes, and expanded our presence in global
growth markets. In line with this strategy, we completed the divest-
ment of our Biosimilars business in 2017. In addition, we are pre-
paring strategic options for our Consumer Health business, including
a potential full or partial sale of the business as well as strategic
partnerships.

Today, we hold leading positions in the respective markets of our
three business sectors Healthcare, Life Science and Performance
Materials, and are working to bolster and expand these. To this end,
we are pursuing innovation-driven, organic growth. For instance, by
2022 we are targeting sales of around € 4 billion with new products.
New medicines from the pharmaceutical pipeline are to contribute
around € 2 billion, with Life Science and Performance Materials inno-
vations each contributing around € 1 billion in sales.

Targeted acquisitions capable of meaningfully complementing or
boosting our strengths remain a growth option. However, we con-
tinue to rule out major acquisitions of more than € 500 million as
long as the debt level expressed as the ratio of net financial debt to
EBITDA pre is greater than 2, unless divestments could be used to
finance them. By the end of 2018, we aim to reduce our debt level
to below 2 again. At Group level, we reduced our net debt by around
€ 1.4 billion in 2017. At the same time, strict financial discipline
supports the rating of the Merck Group. Our dividend policy reflects
a sustainable earnings trend.

Our Group strategy aims to resolutely continue the transforma-
tion of Merck into a science and technology company and to position
the company as a leading player in a changing market environment.
We focus on three areas of key priority, namely “Performance”,
“People” and “Technology”.
Combined Management Report

Priority area “Performance”

The priority area “Performance” encompasses all activities that
create sustainable, profitable growth. To this end, we are closely
aligning our businesses with the wishes and needs of customers and
patients, not only through our products, but also best possible prox-
imity. The basis for this is formed by efficient structures and processes
as well as sustainable financial management.

In Healthcare, the strategic direction is to become a global spe-
cialty innovator and we aim to maximize growth of existing franchises
and to deliver pipeline with an average of one product launch or
indication per year from 2017. We intend to keep our base business
organically stable until 2022. In 2017, the potential of the pipeline
materialized with six approvals for Bavencio®, two in the United
States, and one in the EU, in Switzerland, in Japan, and in Canada,
as well as for Mavenclad® in the EU, Canada and Australia.

In Life Science we deliver above-market organic growth by having
a broad portfolio that addresses the needs of the scientific community,
particularly in high-growth areas, for instance bioprocessing. We achieve
solid organic sales growth consistently, even during the integration.
Our profitability is industry-leading, driven by our e-commerce plat-
form and synergies from the rapid integration of Sigma-Aldrich into
our Life Science business sector. By the end of 2018, we expect to
realize € 280 million in planned synergies.

In Performance Materials, we expect that our Semiconductor and
Surface Solutions business units, which are developing well, will
continue to mitigate the consequences of the fiercer competitive
environment in our Liquid Crystals business in 2018. Going forward,
we want to further enhance our degree of diversification. In addition,
new technologies are in the testing phase. Our goal is to achieve
innovation and technology leadership in all businesses and to push
forward with innovative solutions in applications beyond displays.

From a regional perspective, in view of the importance of the
Chinese market and China’s ambitious plan to become a global leader
in innovation and technology, we are placing further importance on
bolstering our positioning in this country. China will remain one of
the most strategically important markets for us globally. By focusing
on growth contributions from China and driving innovation and
digitalization across our business sectors, we are fostering the
development and evolution of the Chinese innovation landscape. Our
Healthcare business sector continues to aim for very strong growth
and is improving the lives of millions of patients in China, in particu-
lar with medicines from our General Medicines franchise, for example
to treat cardiovascular diseases, as well as our Fertility franchise.
Our Life Science and Performance Materials business sectors help
Chinese companies and research institutes to become more compet-
itive and efficient. We work with Chinese pharmaceutical companies
on manufacturing and research processes and we make materials
for Chinese electronic and display manufacturers.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

65

Priority area “People”

The priority area “People” addresses how we as a Science and tech-
nology company can create a working environment that meets our
employees’ individual needs and allows curiosity to unfold. Our
growth strategy calls for people with diverse experience and back-
grounds who work together on the basis of shared values to create
innovation and respond flexibly to changing demands.

The basis for this is the ability to identify talented employees
within the company early on and to systematically promote them -
also across business sectors and countries. Moreover, it is crucial to
be perceived as an attractive employer in the market in order to
continue to capture the interest of potential employees. The fact that
we rank among the world’s best employers was also confirmed by
the distinction as “Global Top Employer 2017” by the Dutch Top
Employers Institute. In addition, we were ranked fourth among bio-
technology and pharmaceutical companies worldwide by Science
magazine, a leading peer-reviewed international scientific publication.

In the course of our transformation, our leaders play a key role.
They are responsible for driving our strategy forward by building the
right competencies, thereby enabling innovation. We therefore place
great importance on the continuous advanced training and further
development of our leaders. This is essential for them to address the
diverse needs of their team members and the changing requirements
of the businesses and of digitalization.

Based on employee feedback and external benchmarking, we are
also continuously further developing our existing programs and pro-
cesses. Our award-winning people analytics approach, which for
example empowers our leaders to make data-driven decisions on
matters relating to their functions and people, has been rolled out
to all people managers globally. Other pilot initiatives focus on,
among other things, strengthening the engagement and innovation
potential of our research and development units, and on flexible ways
of collaborating across national and departmental boundaries.

Priority area “Technology”

The priority area “Technology” covers the closely interlinked areas
of innovation and digitalization. Developing and marketing innovative
products and services are at the forefront of our Group strategy and
all the business strategies. Our objective is to foster innovations both
within the businesses and between them as well as beyond existing
businesses into areas in which we are not yet active.

In particular, we want to capture the opportunities that digitali-
zation offers in order to create value for patients, customers and
business associates. To us, digitalization means the digital integration
of our entire value chain, the digitalization of our products, services
and communication interfaces to customers as well as the develop-
ment of new digital business models. This is supported by state-of-
the-art methods to collect and analyze vast amounts of data. For
example, we generate additional sales from our e-commerce platform
www.sigmaaldrich.com using algorithmic optimization of ads and
product recommendations. Other examples include a supply chain
project with our partner Palantir Technologies, where we are using
Combined Management Report

66

advanced analytics to better forecast drug demand and to optimize
our inventories. Within the scope of this partnership, we want to
leverage Palantir’s advanced data analytics capabilities to more rap-
idly develop and deliver medicines and commercialize new products.
This could also play a part in the development of entirely new
therapeutic options for patients in the future. Initially, we will use
Palantir’s technology in cancer treatment and patient services. Later
on it can be used in other areas of the company. Our computer-aided
retrosynthesis tool Chematica is also using advanced algorithms to
help customers in medicinal chemistry and drug discovery to identify
synthesis pathways.

Furthermore, we are working Group-wide to expand the physical
and virtual infrastructure for technology-driven growth. The center-
piece is formed by our Innovation Center in Darmstadt. A modular
Innovation Center was opened in April 2015 in Darmstadt as a proto-
type of the new Innovation Center that will be opened in spring 2018.
The Innovation Center aims to develop entirely new businesses
beyond the current scope, bringing together people, technologies,
and skills from different areas under one roof.

We seek to establish projects in various strategic innovation fields
of interest that we consider promising. The first such innovation field,
“Biosensing and Interfaces”, focuses on the vast opportunities created
by combining new sensor technology with smart algorithms and Big
Data technology. This is expected to lead to new predictive and pre-
scriptive approaches to treat and support patients in the therapeutic
areas that we address. We want to offer innovation projects ideal
conditions in the Innovation Center to grow into viable new businesses
in an environment that provides both entrepreneurial freedom and
dedicated support.

Additionally, the Innovation Center establishes strong connections
to the start-up community, scientific centers of excellence, and
external partners across industries, for example via our Accelerator
program, that supports early-stage start-ups for a period of three
months. The start-ups receive financial support, training and coaching
as well as access to our experts from the businesses. Since the pro-
gram began in September 2015, we have received more than 2,000
applications from over 70 countries and have mentored 30 start-ups.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

Within the scope of our innovation strategy, we have established Merck
Ventures as the strategic, corporate venture capital fund of Merck with
a total volume of € 300 million to manage funds focused on Health-
care, Life Science, Performance Materials and New Businesses. Merck
Ventures invests globally in transformational ideas driven by strong
entrepreneurs. We take an active role in our portfolio companies and
team up with entrepreneurs and co-investors to translate innovation
into commercial success. We have a significant focus on early-stage
investing and company creation, including the formation of spin-offs
to leverage our science and technology base. Merck Ventures currently
has an active portfolio of 30 companies.

Building on our 350-year history, the Darmstadt site is making a
vital contribution to the company’s future in research-based specialty
businesses. It serves as a key site for R&D and high-quality production
for all our business sectors in their global markets, as the heart of
Merck, as our global headquarters as well as the base for the family
boards, executive management and our Group functions.

Business strategies

HEALTHCARE
Our Healthcare business sector comprises the three businesses Bio-
pharma, Consumer Health and Allergopharma. The diversity and
profound medical expertise we have in these businesses are core
strengths and key differentiators in the market. Within each busi-
ness, we specialize in key therapeutic areas and specific diseases.
Global megatrends such as a growing world population and an
increase in average life expectancy are driving the demand for our
healthcare products. To meet these demands and respond appropri-
ately to the dynamics of our healthcare markets, we have signifi-
cantly transformed our Healthcare business sector in recent years.
Following on our successes of the past year, we continue to drive
pipeline projects with the aim of bringing groundbreaking medicines
to patients, maximizing our existing portfolio and continuing our
expansion in growth markets.
Combined Management Report

The ambition of the Healthcare business sector is to become a global
specialty innovator, to operate in therapeutic areas with significant
unmet medical need and to bring high value to patients and consum-
ers. Therefore, we invest heavily in research and development to
discover new treatment options and improve existing ones. Together
with our stakeholders and partners, we want to ensure that people
can access the medicines they need to stay healthy and live longer.

The first pillar of our strategy is to reinforce our global footprint
by developing our tailored portfolio to address unmet medical needs
in all regions worldwide. While developed markets such as the United
States, Japan and Europe are key strategic markets for our specialty
products, sales in growth markets such as China will be driven by
both our biologics and broad general medicine and cardiometabolic
care portfolios. At the same time, it will be essential for us to continue
to focus our efforts on growing in the United States in order to realize
our ambition of becoming a truly global leader.

The second pillar of our strategy is the focus on specialty medi-
cine therapeutic areas. Here, we are concentrating our efforts on
oncology, immuno-oncology, as well as neurology and immunology.
For example, we have made significant investments in R&D, especially
in areas of unmet medical need, and refined our focus on mechanisms
of action and molecules that are expected to lead to transformative
innovations in cancer care and immunological disorders. Our aim is
to turn cancer patients into cancer survivors by being at the forefront
of changing the future of cancer care. Further development programs
for neurology and immunology include evobrutinib as a potential
treatment for multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus as
well as rheumatoid arthritis; atacicept as a potential treatment option
for lupus patients with high disease activity; and sprifermin as a
potential therapy for patients with osteoarthritis of the knee.

Our aspiration is to develop high-quality, first-to-market and
best-in-disease assets, and to build a portfolio in each of our thera-
peutic areas. We have streamlined our pipeline and expanded our
innovation capabilities with strong investigational drug candidates.
In order to maximize the impact of our R&D investments and increase
our chances of success in discovering and developing new therapies,
we focus our expertise on specific therapeutic areas and are exploit-
ing synergies in disease mechanisms and biological pathways.

In this context, strategic collaborations are an integral part of
delivering on our commitment to transforming the lives of patients
living with serious unmet medical needs. We recognize the value of
collaboration in the research and development of breakthrough
therapies, as well as in strengthening our current portfolio. Here, we
focus on balancing the right blend of internal capabilities and exter-
nal partnerships, building strong collaborations with other leaders
in industry, including Pfizer, Genea Biomedx and Vertex Pharma-
ceuticals.

We are innovating beyond our pipeline projects with our Medical
Devices and Services unit and our Fertility Technologies. In addition
to innovative therapeutic approaches, the way in which we engage
with patients will be vital to achieving our objective of becoming a
global specialty innovator.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

67

Our divestment of the Biosimilars business to Fresenius closed on
August 31. On September 5, we announced that we are preparing
strategic options for our Consumer Health business, including a
potential full or partial sale of the business as well as strategic part-
nerships. The Biosimilars divestment as well as the decision to exam-
ine strategic options for Consumer Health were both aligned with our
strategy to focus on our pipeline of innovative medicines.

LIFE SCIENCE STRATEGY

As a leader in the large and growing life science industry, our purpose
is to solve the toughest problems in life science by collaborating with
the global scientific community.

We have a portfolio of more than 300,000 products, in order to
support a broad customer base - including academia, pharma and
biotech labs, pharma manufacturing, biotech manufacturing, clinical
diagnostics, environmental testing, food and beverage and industrial.
We have an industry leading e-commerce platform, www.sigmaaldrich.
com, which offers life science solutions, services and expertise across
the entire biopharma value chain.

To create sustainable value for the future, Life Science has set a
strategy to:

e Deliver the integration to combine the strengths of Merck Millipore
and Sigma-Aldrich
Strengthen the core business by investing in high growth areas,
addressing our customer needs and enhancing capabilities
Place bold bets in areas with transformative potential in order to
establish new pillars of growth

The Sigma-Aldrich integration has been ahead of plan and we
continue to be on track as we begin year three of the integration.
The synergy estimate was raised from € 260 million to € 280 million.
We will leverage best practices from both organizations, combine our
sales force for one face to the customer, and continue to harmonize
processes for employees and customers.

We have tailored our strategy and will continue to manage our
business based on scale and growth to optimize the overall perfor-
mance and portfolio of the Life Science business sector. We have
further streamlined our organizational structure to capture growth
opportunities even more strongly. Strategic Marketing & Innovation
units and commercial teams are now reorganized into three distinct,
vertically integrated business units: Research Solutions, Process
Solutions and Applied Solutions, with each designed to increase
agility and drive sustained entrepreneurship to better serve our
customers. We also announced a number of acquisitions in 2017.
These include BioControl Systems to strengthen our leadership in
biomonitoring, specifically in the food and beverage sector, as well
as Grzybowski Scientific Inventions to boost capability in chemical
synthesis, and Natrix Separations to advance in next-generation bio-
processing.

Based on a broad assessment of the market, competitive land-
scape and key industry trends, in 2016 we identified several strategic
initiatives in important growth areas. For example, in genome editing
and novel modalities, we have built intellectual property in key areas,
Combined Management Report

68

with patents granted in the European Union, Australia, Canada, and
Singapore. The patents provide protection of our CRISPR technology,
while giving scientists the ability to advance treatment options for
the toughest medical challenges. In our BioReliance® End-to-End
initiative we work with emerging biotech companies in process devel-
opment, drug production and facility design services that help bio-
pharmaceutical companies accelerate the progression of molecules
into the clinic and towards commercialization.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

In the Performance Materials business sector, we want to sustainably
secure our market and technology leadership in display materials.
In addition, we want to leverage our expertise in liquid crystals
beyond the application field of displays. At the same time, we ben-
efit from the trends in the semiconductor industry, continue to lead
the market in pearlescent pigments, and share in the growth of the
cosmetics industry.

Global demand for innovative display solutions grew further in
recent years. We assume that increasing demand for high-quality
consumer goods will come from an expanding middle class in growth
markets in the coming years, too. Therefore, we aim to continue to
strengthen our position as the market and technology leader for
liquid crystals. Key to this are new, sophisticated liquid crystal tech-
nologies for further asserting our market and technology leadership,
especially in the highly competitive Chinese market. In 2017, we sold
the first quantity of our eco-friendly, resource-conserving and effi-
cient liquid crystal technology SA-VA (self-aligned vertical alignment)
for manufacture of large-area LC displays. In 2017, we opened the
first production facility for switchable liquid crystal window modules
in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. This is an important milestone for
capturing an entirely new and attractive market segment for liquid
crystals.

The OLED (organic light-emitting diodes) business contributes
significantly to the growth of Performance Materials. It is our declared
goal to strengthen our position as a leading global supplier of OLED
materials. Continuous investments in research and development at
the Darmstadt site as well as application laboratories at the Asian
sites make an essential contribution to this. The opening of a new
application laboratory in Shanghai is planned for 2018.

The great potential of OLED technology is confirmed by the devel-
opment of the display market. OLED-based smartphone displays
are the standard among all premium suppliers. OLED technology is
also showing dynamic growth in the TV segment, bolstered by high
investments by the leading OLED TV display manufacturer. The
advantages offered by self-luminous OLED displays, such as intense
colors, an especially deep black, thin structure, flexible use and low
energy consumption are of importance here.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

The Integrated Circuit Materials business unit supports the entire
semiconductor industry with a portfolio of customized solutions.
Increasingly higher storage capacity, faster process performance and
lower power consumption are being demanded by the semiconductor
industry. In addition, market trends such as mobility, Big Data and
the Internet of Things are leading to higher demand for semiconduc-
tor materials and higher specialization at the same time. By means
of novel materials and innovative technologies, we enable our
customers to meet these requirements, produce more powerful
chips, and counteract rising costs.

In the Pigments & Functional Materials business unit, we are
further expanding our leading position in pearlescent pigments for
automotive coatings. We are continuing to defend our good market
position in plastics, printing and cosmetics applications. Here we are
focusing on high-quality products and innovations. In functional
materials, the focus of our growth strategy continues to be on niche
applications in cosmetics (such as UV filters, insect repellents and
anti-aging substances) as well as technical functional materials. In
the latter, we see great growth potential for laser-marking additives
and for novel coating materials. With these and further innovative
product groups we will drive our growth in segments beyond our
established markets.

Our Advanced Technologies business unit aims to develop profitable
future businesses - both for Performance Materials and for our other
business sectors. Besides a broad portfolio for the innovative LED
industry, these also include organic photovoltaics and materials for
flexible display technologies. In accordance with the Performance
Materials strategy, our projects for future business fields are aligned
to megatrends such as miniaturization and the Internet of Things.

Strategic initiatives

The LC 2021 strategic initiative is to significantly contribute to our
future growth and continue to generate attractive margins. Under
the umbrella of the LC 2021 strategic initiative, we are combining
future applications of liquid crystals beyond classic displays. In six
fields altogether, we are focusing on improved user experience, on
the one hand, and light and data management, on the other. First
and foremost, this comprises liquid crystal windows. In Veldhoven,
the Netherlands, we opened the first production facility for modules
used in LC windows with sun protection and privacy control.

Strategic realignment

In 2018, we want to focus even more strongly on the needs of our
customers and markets. Therefore, in December 2017, we announced
that we will combine our expertise in three newly created business
units, which are aligned to our target markets: Display Solutions,
Semiconductor Solutions and Surface Solutions.
Combined Management Report

Strategic finance and dividend policy

We are pursuing a conservative financial policy characterized by the
following aspects:

FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY AND

A CONSERVATIVE FUNDING STRATEGY

We ensure that we meet our obligations at all times and adhere to
a conservative and proactive funding strategy that involves the use
of various financial instruments.

We have diversified and profitable businesses as the basis for our
strong and sustainable cash flow generation capacity. Moreover, we
have several funding resources in place. A € 2 billion syndicated loan
facility through to 2020 exists to cover any unexpected cash needs.
The facility is a pure back-up credit facility and has not been drawn
on so far. In addition, we have a commercial paper program with a
volume of € 2 billion at our disposal. Within the scope of this program,
we can issue short-term commercial paper with a maturity of up to
one year.

Furthermore, we are using bilateral bank loan agreements with
first-class banks in order to optimize the funding structure and cost.
Additionally, the bond market generally represents a key element.
However, owing to our focus on deleveraging, no bonds were issued
in 2017. The most recent bond issues took place in 2014 and 2015
in connection with the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. A hybrid bond,
a U.S. dollar bond and a euro bond were issued. The use of various
instruments provides a broad financing basis and addresses different
investor groups.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Objectives and Strategies

69

MAINTAINING SUSTAINABLE AND RELIABLE

BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH A CORE GROUP OF BANKS
We mainly work with a well-diversified, financially stable and reliable
group of banks. Due to Merck’s long-term-oriented business approach,
bank relationships typically last for many years and are characterized
by professionalism and trust. The banking group consists of banks
with strong capabilities and expertise in various products and geo-
graphic regions. We regard these banks as strategic partners. Accord-
ingly, we involve them in important financing transactions.

STRONG INVESTMENT GRADE RATING

The rating of our creditworthiness by external rating agencies is an
important indicator of the company’s financial stability. A strong
investment-grade rating is an important cornerstone of Merck’s
financial policy, as it safeguards access to capital markets at attrac-
tive financial conditions. Merck currently has a Baal rating from
Moody’s, an A rating from Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and an A- rating
from Scope, each with a stable outlook. Continuing to reduce our
debt, as in 2017, is of utmost importance to us.

DIVIDEND POLICY

We are pursuing a sustainable dividend policy. Provided that the
economic environment develops in a stable manner, the current div-
idend represents the minimum level for future dividend proposals.
The dividend policy is oriented towards the business development
and earnings increase of the coming years. However, dividend growth
could deviate, for example, within the scope of restructuring or in
the event of significant global economic developments. We aim for
a target corridor of 20% to 25% of EPS pre.
Fundamental Information about the Group

7 @) Combined Management Report Internal Management System

Internal Management System

As a global company with a diverse portfolio of products and services, The Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summarizes

we use a comprehensive framework of indicators to manage perfor- —_ the important financial performance measures of the Merck Group,

mance. The most important KPI (key performance indicator) to reflects the comprehensive framework of financial KPIs to steer

measure performance is EBITDA pre’. the businesses and prioritize the allocation of cash resources. It
consists of three managerial dimensions, namely Merck Group,
Business and Projects, each of which require the use of different
indicators.

Net Sales,
Merck Group EBITDA pre, BFCF

Net income, EPS,
Dividend ratio,
Credit rating

MEVA

Business

Projects

Abbreviations

EBITDA pre = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization as well as adjustments
EPS = Earnings per share

MEVA = Merck value added

BFCF = Business free cash flow

ROCE = Return on capital employed

NPV = Net present value

IRR = Internal rate of return

eNPV = expected Net present value

PoS = Probability of success

M&A = Mergers & Acquisitions

+Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Combined Management Report

Key performance indicators of
the Group and its businesses

The three key performance indicators net sales, EBITDA pre!, and
business free cash flow! are the most important factors for assessing
operational performance. Therefore, we refer to these KPIs in the
Report on Economic Position, the Report on Risks and Opportunities,
and in the Report on Expected Developments. As the most important
indicators of financial business performance, the KPIs are key ele-
ments of our performance management system.

MERCK GROUP

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

71

NET SALES

Net sales are defined as the revenues from the sale of goods, services
rendered to external customers, commission income and profit-sharing
from collaborations, net of value added tax and after sales deductions
such as rebates or discounts. Net sales are the main indicator of our
business growth and therefore an important parameter of external as
well as internal performance measurement. In addition, acquisition-
and currency-adjusted sales are used for internal performance man-
agement. Organic sales growth shows the percentage change in net
sales versus a comparative period, adjusted for exchange rate and
portfolio effects. Exchange rate effects may arise as a result of foreign
exchange fluctuation between the functional non-euro currency of a
consolidated company and the reporting currency (euro). By contrast,
portfolio effects reflect sales changes due to acquisitions and divest-
ments of consolidated companies or businesses.

Net sales

Change
€ million 2017 2016 € million in %
Net sales 15,327 15,024 303 2.0%
EBITDA PRE restructuring costs, gains/losses on the divestment of business,

EBITDA pre is the main performance indicator measuring ongoing
operational profitability and is used internally and externally. To
provide an alternative understanding of the underlying operational
performance, it excludes from the operating result depreciation and
amortization, impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses
as well as adjustments. These adjustments are restricted to the
following categories: integration costs, IT costs for selected projects,

MERCK GROUP

Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre?

acquisition costs, and other adjustments. The classification of specific
income and expenses as adjustments follows clear rules and under-
lies strict governance at Group level. Within the scope of internal
performance management, EBITDA pre allows for the necessary
changes or restructuring without penalizing the performance of the
operating business.

Change
€ million 2017 2016 € million in %
Operating result (EBIT)?* 2,525 2,481 44 1.8%
Depreciation and amortization 1,758 1,805 -47 -2.6%
Impairment losses/reversals of impairment losses -1 129 -130 >100.0%
EBITDA? 4,282 4,415 -133 - 3.0%
Restructuring costs 84 22 63 >100.0%
Integration costs/IT costs 189 193 -4 -2.2%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses -310 -304 -6 2.1%
Acquisition-related adjustments 63 153 -90 -59.0%
Other adjustments 106 11 96 >100.0%
EBITDA pre 4,414 4,490 -76 -1.7%

‘Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Combined Management Report

72

BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW (BFCF)

Business free cash flow comprises the major cash-relevant items that
the operating businesses can influence and are under their full control.
It comprises EBITDA pre less investments in property, plant and
equipment, software, advance payments for intangible assets, changes

MERCK GROUP

Business free cash flow?

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

in inventories, trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from
royalties and licenses. To manage working capital on a regional and
local level, the businesses use the two indicators days sales out-
standing and days in inventory.

Change

€ million 2017 2016 € million in %
EBITDA pret 4,414 4,490 -76 -1.7%
Investments in property, plant and equipment,

software as well as advance payments for intangible assets -1,047 -859 -188 21.9%
Changes in inventories according to the consolidated balance sheet? -23 1 -24 >100.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables

from royalties and licenses according to the consolidated balance sheet -24 -177 153 - 86.3%
Elimination first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich - -149 149 -100.0%
Elimination first-time consolidation of BioControl Systems? -2 12 -14 >100.0%
Business free cash flow? 3,318 3,318 - -

+Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
?Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (4) “Acquisitions and divestments”

Investments and value management

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term
success of the company. To optimize the allocation of financial
resources, we use a defined set of parameters as criteria for the
prioritization of investment opportunities and portfolio decisions.

NET PRESENT VALUE

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportunities
is net present value. It is based on the discounted cash flow method
and is calculated as the sum of the discounted free cash flows over
the projection period of a project. The weighted average cost of
capital (WACC), representing the weighted average of the cost of
equity and cost of debt, is used as the discount rate. Depending on
the type and location of a project different mark-ups are applied to
the WACC.

INTERNAL RATE OF RETURN (IRR)

The internal rate of return is a further important criterion for the
assessment of acquisition projects and investments in property, plant
and equipment as well as intangible assets. It is the discount rate that
makes the present value of all future free cash flows equal to the
initial investment or the purchase price of an acquisition. A project
adds value if the internal rate of return is higher than the weighted
cost of capital including mark-ups.

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)

In addition to NPV and IRR, when looking at individual accounting
periods, ROCE is an important metric for the assessment of invest-
ment projects. It is calculated as the adjusted operating result (EBIT)
pre divided by the sum of property, plant and equipment, intangible
assets, trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable, as well
as inventories.

PAYBACK PERIOD

An additional parameter to prioritize investments in property, plant
and equipment as well as intangible assets is the payback period,
which indicates the time in years after which an investment will
generate positive net cash flow.

MERCK VALUE ADDED (MEVA)

MEVA gives information about the financial value created in a period.
Value is created when the return on capital employed (ROCE) of the
company or the business is higher than the weighted average cost
of capital (WACC). MEVA metrics provide us with a powerful tool to
weigh investment and spending decisions against capital require-
ments and investors’ expectations.
Combined Management Report

Capital market-related parameters

NET INCOME, EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) AND
EARNINGS PER SHARE PRE (EPS PRE)?

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax attri-
butable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA (net income) by the
weighted average number of theoretical shares outstanding. The use
of a theoretical number of shares takes into account the fact that the
general partner's capital is not represented by shares. To provide an
alternative view, we also report earnings per share pre, in other
words after the elimination of the effects of integration costs, IT costs

RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET INCOME PRE}

Fundamental Information about the Group

Internal Management System

73

for selected projects, restructuring costs, gains/losses on the divest-
ment of businesses, acquisition costs and other adjustments. More-
over, amortization of acquired intangible assets as well as impairment
losses on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are
eliminated. The adjustment excludes impairment losses on intangi-
ble assets for acquired research and development (R&D) projects
below a threshold value of € 50 million. Income tax is calculated on
the basis of the company’s underlying tax rate. The following table
presents the reconciliation of net income to net income pre for the
calculation of EPS pre.

Change
€ million 2017 2016 € million in %
Net income 2,600 1,629 972 59.7%
Income taxes - 386 521 -907 >100.0%
Income taxes on the basis of the underlying tax rate -849 -855 6 -0.7%
Amortization of acquired intangible assets 1,201 1,218 -16 -1.3%
Adjustments! 114 191 -77 - 40.4%
Net income pre? 2,680 2,703 -24 -0.9%
Earnings per share pre (€)? 6.16 6.21 -0.05 -0.8%

+Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

CREDIT RATING

The rating of our creditworthiness by external agencies is an important
indicator with respect to our ability to raise debt capital at attractive
market conditions. The capital market makes use of the assessments
published by independent rating agencies in order to assist debt
providers in estimating the risks associated with a financial instru-
ment. We are currently assessed by Moody’s, Standard & Poor's and
Scope. The most important factor for the credit rating is the ability
to repay debt, which is determined in particular by the ratio of oper-
ating cash flow to (net) financial debt.

DIVIDEND RATIO

With the aim of ensuring an attractive return for our shareholders,
we are pursuing a reliable dividend policy with a target payout ratio
based on EPS pre (see definition above).

Other relevant/non-financial
performance measures

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of the busi-
nesses, non-financial measures also play an important role in fur-
thering the success of the company. From a Group perspective, spe-
cifically innovations in the businesses as well as the attraction and
retention of highly qualified employees are of central importance.

INNOVATION

Innovations are the foundation of our business and will also be the
prerequisite for future success in changing markets. We are con-
tinuously working to develop new products and service innovations
for patients and customers. Indicators for the degree of innovation
are defined individually depending on the specifics of the respective
businesses.

TALENT RETENTION

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the basis
for achieving our ambitious business goals. Therefore, we put a
strong focus on establishing the processes and the environment
needed to attract and retain the right talent with the right capabilities
at the right time. To measure the success of the related measures,
we have implemented talent retention as an important non-financial
indicator.
Combined Management Report

74

Corporate Responsibility

We take responsibility every day - and have been doing so for 350 years.
This commitment is codified in our corporate strategy and values.
Responsible conduct with respect to employees, products, the envi-
ronment, and society is a fundamental prerequisite for our business
success.

Strategy and management

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are steered by our CR
Committee, which consists of representatives from our business
sectors and relevant Group functions. Since September 2017, Stefan
Oschmann, Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO, has been
responsible for the committee, which is chaired by the head of the
newly formed Corporate Affairs unit.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

Mankind is confronted with global societal challenges such as climate
impact, resource scarcity and insufficient access to health in low- to
middle-income countries. We believe that we can help resolve these
global challenges through our innovative healthcare, life science and
performance materials products, as well as through responsible gov-
ernance. Responsible conduct means looking, listening and doing
better. We respect the interests of our employees, customers, inves-
tors, and society, and work to minimize ethical, economic and social
risks, thereby securing our success. This is an integral part of our
corporate strategy, which in turn underpins our CR strategy, the basis
for the responsible governance we live each and every day. In real-
izing our corporate responsibility, we focus our resources on those
areas where we can have the greatest impact. We pursue three
strategic spheres of activity: namely health, the environment, and
culture & education. The focus here is on securing the future of
society and our competitiveness.

CR Strategy

Combined Management Report

Health: In low- to middle-income countries, many people lack access
to high-quality health solutions. We are applying our expertise here
and joining forces with strong partners to develop solutions for
patients locally. Our fight against the worm disease schistosomiasis
in Africa is a good example.

Environment: We are constantly working to improve the sustain-
ability footprint of our products and are furthermore helping our
customers achieve their own sustainability goals. The development
of new display technologies both with liquid crystals and organic
light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) are an example. They lower the power
consumption of televisions, smartphones, and tablet PCs.

Education and culture: Research and development throughout the
world thus benefit from curiosity, creativity, and enthusiasm. Cultural
offerings inspire people and expand their horizons. Cultural inspi-
ration also opens people up to new ideas. It favorably influences
society’s acceptance of science, technological progress and innova-
tions. That is why we promote global educational offers and cultural
initiatives.

ai

Fundamental Information about the Group

— RARGRTK

Corporate Responsibility

75

Our commitment to corporate responsibility is aligned with the UN
Sustainable Development Goals and we are attempting to contribute
to this ambitious agenda by 2030. Furthermore, we support relevant
responsible governance initiatives. We are a member of the United
Nations Global Compact and are committed to complying with the
compact’s principles regarding human rights, labor standards, envi-
ronmental protection, and anti-corruption. Moreover, we also live our
corporate responsibility through our commitment to follow the guide-
lines of the Responsible Care Global Charter, an initiative of the
International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA). Responsible
Care aims to drive continuous improvement and achieve excellence
in environmental, health, safety, and security performance in the
chemical industry. Furthermore, we are also a member of the Chemie?
initiative in Germany, a collaboration between the German Chemical
Industry Association (VCI), the German Employers’ Federation of the
Chemical Industry (BAVC), and the German Mining, Chemical and
Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE). As part of this globally unique
alliance, the partners want to make sustainability a core part of the
chemical industry’s guiding principles and to jointly drive the sector's
position within the German economy as a key contributor to sustain-
able development.

\\ ©

Combined Management Report

76

To us, corporate responsibility means taking action and listening. The
dialogue with our various stakeholder groups is therefore highly
important to us. These stakeholders include employees, business
associates, the Merck family, investors, regulatory agencies, and
associations. We also engage in this continuous exchange to create
transparency and clearly demonstrate how we live the Merck values.

Thanks to good performance with respect to responsible and
sustainable entrepreneurial conduct, we were again included in the
FTSE4Good index in 2017. To be included in this leading international
sustainability index, a company must demonstrate socially conscien-
tious, ecological and ethical conduct. In 2017, we also maintained
our good standing in other major sustainability indices. For instance,
we are included in the STOXX Global ESG Leaders index, as well as
the Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index and the Ethibel Sustainability
Index (ESI) Excellence Europe. In 2017, EcoVadis, an independent
rating agency, granted us gold status for our sustainability perfor-
mance. EcoVadis assesses suppliers from 120 countries across the
four categories of Environment, Labor Practices, Fair Business Prac-
tices, and Sustainable Procurement.

Strategic sphere of activity: Health

Ensuring access to health for underserved populations and commu-
nities in low- and middle-income countries is one of our strategic
priorities. Through our A2H approach, which spans all our businesses,
we aim to help improve sustainable access to high-quality health
solutions. Since we realize that access is a complex and multifaceted
challenge with no one-size-fits-all solution, our programs and initi-
atives are tailored to global, regional and local needs. We consider
partnerships, collaboration and dialogue to be key instruments in
delivering sustainable results, focusing on four areas known as the
“AAs”: Availability, Affordability, Awareness, and Accessibility. In the
Access to Medicine Index, which is published every two years, Merck
ranked fourth in 2016, moving up two places.

Availability

Availability entails the research, development and refinement of health
solutions that address unmet needs and are tailored to local environ-
ments.

With our newly formed Merck Global Health Institute, we seek to
improve healthcare in developing countries. Our focus is on schistoso-
miasis, malaria, bacterial infections, and antimicrobial resistance. The
Institute’s initiatives and programs particularly address key unmet
medical needs of women and children. Our objective is not only to
develop medicines, but also to improve diagnosis, disease control, and
reduce disease transmission, as well as strengthen local health systems.
The portfolio also covers the development of a new pediatric formulation
of praziquantel to treat the worm disease schistosomiasis in children
under the age of six through a public-private partnership. In addition,
we are conducting research into innovative schistosomiasis diagnostics
in partnership with key international stakeholders to identify vulnerable
populations. And we are looking for new schistosomiasis biomarkers
as well as new anti-schistosomiasis compounds.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

We are developing a new anti-malarial compound that has the strong
potential to not only treat, but also prevent malaria reinfection.
Through a strategic collaboration with the University of Cape Town
in South Africa and the Medicines for Malaria Venture, we are seeking
to identify new compounds that are already efficacious in the liver
stage and those that can provide long-lasting efficacy to improve
post-treatment protection. We are currently developing a kit for malaria
diagnosis based on our Muse® cell analyzer. This kit will accurately
detect and type the malaria pathogen and identify the stage of infection.
In 2017, we achieved promising results in preclinical trials.

Our product IR3535® is used in insect repellents to help protect
against infections transmitted by mosquito and tick bites. Products
containing this active ingredient stand out due to their particularly
good tolerability in young children and pregnant women. They protect
against Zika, Chikungunya and Dengue fever. Work is underway on
a formulation to fight malaria. In several countries, products formu-
lated with IR3535® were recently approved for head lice prophylaxis
in school children.

Affordability

We seek to address affordability challenges through our efforts to
provide assistance to those people who are unable to pay for the
health solutions they need. To tackle these challenges, we have taken
a pro-access approach through our intellectual property initiatives
and are engaging in equitable pricing strategies. We provide trans-
parent information about our patents and patent applications in pub-
licly available databases. To strengthen our commitment to the London
Declaration to fight neglected tropical diseases, in 2017 we joined
the DNDi NTD Drug Discovery Booster consortium and opened our
compound library. The objective is to find potential cures for leish-
maniasis and Chagas disease. Moreover, we are one of more than
100 members of WIPO Re:Search, an open innovation platform spon-
sored by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
Through intellectual property and knowledge sharing, platform part-
ners seek to accelerate early discovery for infectious diseases.

Apart from the collaboration already underway with the Univer-
sity of Buea in Cameroon, in 2017 we started cooperating under the
auspices of this program with the University of California in San
Diego. The focus is on potential treatments for leishmaniasis, Chagas
disease, and African trypanosomiasis (sleeping sickness).

Furthermore, we continue to work with the World Health Organi-
zation (WHO) to combat the worm disease schistosomiasis in Africa.
Through the Merck Praziquantel Donation program, we are donating
Cesol® 600 tablets containing the active ingredient praziquantel to
WHO. Since the start of this program, around 150 million patients —
primarily school-aged children - have been treated. In total, we have
donated nearly 700 million praziquantel tablets to WHO since 2007.
As a founding member of the Global Schistosomiasis Alliance, we are
helping to eliminate schistosomiasis worldwide.

Through our Merck Global Health Institute, we are also an active
member of the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium, a partnership we
initiated. Within this consortium, we are working hand in hand with
partners on developing a pediatric formulation of praziquantel to also
treat children under six with this medicine.
Combined Management Report

Awareness

We help to raise awareness by empowering health professionals,
communities and patients with the appropriate tools, knowledge
and skills to make informed decisions with respect to prevention,
diagnostics, treatment, and care. We regularly conduct campaigns
to increase awareness of certain diseases globally. Here we are focus-
ing on diseases that we have extensive expertise in, for instance
cancer, thyroid disorders, diabetes and multiple sclerosis. In 2017,
we established the Merck Foundation, a charitable organization that
combines some of our activities in underserved regions of the world.
Through our Access Dialogues series, we are promoting discourse
on access-to-health challenges with numerous public and private
stakeholders. In 2017, the topics of focus were intellectual property
and supply chain challenges in developing countries.

Through our Su-Swastha project we are working with various
non-governmental organizations and the Indian Health and Family
Ministry to improve healthcare in rural India. Among other things,
we provide inexpensive medicines while also educating the local
population and health professionals on everyday health issues and
their treatment. In 2017, more than 11,000 people were reached in
482 community meetings.

The Global Pharma Health Fund (GPHF), a non-profit organization
funded by Merck, works to combat counterfeit medicines in developing
and emerging countries. To date, the GPHF has supplied 836 Minilabs
at cost to detect counterfeit medicines to around 100 countries;
41 Minilabs were provided in 2017 alone. According to a report pub-
lished by WHO at the end of 2017, the Minilab made it possible to
identify more than 1,000 counterfeit medicines out of 20,000 tested
medicines.

Accessibility

We promote initiatives to strengthen supply chains and to develop
localized health solutions in order to deliver and reach out efficiently
at the point of care. We are a founding member of the Accessibility
Platform, an informal, private-sector initiative that is working on a
comprehensive approach to meeting supply chain and distribution
challenges in developing countries. The platform promotes information
exchanges between the various stakeholders and creates joint options
for action.

Together with two other Accessibility Platform members Roche
and Novartis, in 2017 we co-hosted a panel session at the World
Health Summit. Attendees included the Ghanaian Ministry of Health,
the World Health Organization, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS,
Tuberculosis and Malaria. We support training and knowledge sharing
with our manufacturing partners in Africa, Asia and Latin America
with the aim of strengthening local manufacturing quality standards.

In India, we are cooperating with the non-profit organization
known as Narmada Samagra. Our River Ambulance transports health
workers and provides healthcare solutions to local populations living
in the remote region along the Narmada River. In 2017, we funded
the maintenance of the boat donated in the previous year. Addition-
ally, in the northeastern Indian state of Jharkhand, we are funding
a health center that gives the region’s approximately 20,000 inhab-
itants access to medical personnel. In 2017, the Merck Global Health

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

7/

Institute sponsored a new gynecology ward in the district hospital of
Akonolinga in the African country Cameroon.

Strategic sphere of activity:
Environment

Through our products, we are helping overcome global challenges
such as climate impact and resource scarcity. In doing so, we are
also helping our customers to reduce the negative impacts of their
own activities and to achieve their own sustainability goals.

Performance Materials: Increasing the sustainability of
manufacturing processes and final products

In 2017, our Performance Materials developed the new liquid crystal
technology SA-VA (Self-Aligned Vertical Alignment) to market read-
iness. We have been developing the materials and process in the
scope of close technical partnerships with our customers. SA-VA is
an eco-friendly and resource-conserving technology that requires
less energy and creates less waste products than conventional tech-
nologies during display manufacture. SA-VA also provides a more
efficient display manufacturing process and could allow improved
design features for display manufacturers. SA-VA can be used in all
types of display applications, above all in large-size TVs.

To utilize our market and technological leadership in liquid crystals
beyond applications in energy-saving displays, we opened a new pro-
duction facility for liquid crystal window modules in Veldhoven in the
Netherlands. According to initial measurement results, our smart win-
dows can cut energy use in climate-controlled buildings by up to 40%
and replace conventional sun shading solutions. In this way, we help
builders to save resources and costs. The principle behind this is as
follows: These windows can be manually or automatically controlled
to darken and provide sun protection - and to do so in a variety of
colors. This technology is made possible thanks to the special prop-
erties of our liquid crystals. In combination with customized dyes, the
liquid crystals control the amount of incident light by either absorbing
and blocking electromagnetic waves (dark state) or allowing them to
pass through (transparent state). In contrast to competing technolo-
gies, our long-lasting licrivision™ materials switch within seconds and
are highly color-neutral. Architects and builders can customize the
desired color to suit the setting. For the semiconductor industry, we
have developed a series of environmentally sustainable specialty
chemicals and materials - including PFOS-free antireflective and
photoresists. In the cosmetics industry, we are addressing the contin-
uing trend for ingredients that meet stringent sustainability criteria.
Our portfolio of fillers dispenses entirely with microplastic particles
criticized for polluting waters and marine life enrichment. We are also
committed to continuously increasing the energy efficiency of our
production processes. Many of our cosmetic raw materials are reg-
istered and approved in accordance with the COSMOS standard.
COSMOS is an international association that developed and manages
the COSMOS standard AISBL, an international standard for organic
and natural cosmetics.
Combined Management Report

78

Life Science: Reducing environmental impacts

in various product life cycle stages

We want to lower the environmental and health impact of our products.
This applies to the entire life cycle — from production and use through
to the disposal of our products. With our Design for Sustainability
(DfS) program implemented in 2014, we have developed a compre-
hensive approach for more sustainable life science products. It keeps
sustainability criteria in the foreground during product development
or re-engineering and documents them in a scorecard. Since the
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, we have expanded the DfS program so
that it is now an umbrella concept that encompasses all our portfolio
offerings. The objective is to lower environmental impacts of devices
and instruments, also during use by customers. Beginning with the
concept stage, product teams identify potential environmental impacts
and opportunities to make improvements. In 2017, we achieved
improvements in 35% of our new Life Science product developments.
One of our notable product releases in 2017 was the new Milli-Q® IQ
7000 Ultrapure Lab Water System, which uses mercury-free UV oxi-
dation lamps.

In addition, our researchers are developing innovative solutions
in line with the “12 Principles of Green Chemistry” developed by
chemists Paul T. Anastas and John C. Warner. The objective is to
permit research that is as environmentally compatible as possible,
and to minimize adverse effects on human health. With DOZN®, we
have developed a web-based quantitative Green Chemistry analysis
tool. We are working to make the DOZN® tool available for our cus-
tomers so that they will also be able to measure their environmental
footprint impact for life science research.

We are expanding our portfolio to include greener alternatives,
such as the new solvent, Cyrene™. This product was named the
“Bio-based Chemical Innovation of 2017” - an accolade that can be
attributed to proving that safer, greener alternatives can also offer
superior performance. Cyrene™ is derived from waste cellulose and
is employed as an alternative to solvents that are widely used but
are under increasing regulatory restriction due to their associated
toxicity. We not only think about the current life of our products but
also look ahead to end-of-life considerations and potential future
product lives as well. The application of single-use products — many
of which pose a challenge to recycle in the current infrastructure — is
growing as life science markets are expanding and adopting new
technologies. We have therefore developed innovative recycling pro-
grams which have led to the recycling of more than 1,300 tons of
our customers’ products from 2015 to 2017.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

Strategic sphere of activity:
Education and culture

Cultural promotion is a core element of our commitment to society,
building on our centuries-old tradition of supporting art and culture.
We thus further characteristics that are essential to our business
activities as a high-tech company: creativity, a passion for discovery,
curiosity, as well as the courage to transcend boundaries.

Boosting scientific education

We view education as a key component of culture - and vice versa.
Education can help us understand culture. But culture can also build
a bridge to education; it can stimulate curiosity and creativity. We
therefore support educational projects at many of our sites and grant
scholarships, for instance, or help define the curricula of selected
classes in schools. We want to spark an interest in science, particu-
larly among young people. This is why we have been supporting the
“Jugend forscht” (Young Researchers) competition for more than
30 years. Since 1996, we have been organizing the state-level com-
petition for the German Federal State of Hesse and have also hosted
the nationals twice.

Through our Junior Labs, we want young people to enjoy con-
ducting experiments. These learnings labs at the Technical University
of Darmstadt combine classroom instruction with trending topics and
modern research methods. In 2017, around 2,500 school students
used the chemistry laboratory with an extended program and around
1,000 school students experimented in the biology laboratory.

In 2017, we launched our first continuing education program for
teachers outside Germany by conducting a project in India. Indian
teachers were trained in organic electronics, with a special focus on
energy-saving, sustainable technologies. As part of SPARK, our
global volunteer program, employees from our Life Science business
sector share their skills and experience with students and support
our local communities. The program is intended to spark curiosity in
science and inspire them to consider a STEM-related career. In 2017,
more than 2,500 employees invested more than 13,700 hours in the
SPARK program. As part of SPARK, in 2017 we sent a Curiosity Cube™
on a journey through the United States. This is a freight container that
transforms into a mobile laboratory and is equipped with state-of-the-
art technology. In 2017, the Cube traveled more than 29,000 km
across the United States and made stops in over 85 schools and city
centers. More than 38,000 students have visited the Cube. Each of
the nearly 23,000 experiments conducted were supervised by one
of our employees.
Combined Management Report

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck

The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck is our musical ambassador. We
consider classical music to be the universal language that brings
people together; as such, it is an important part of our culture. The
concerts of this professional ensemble represent an integral part of
the cultural life in the vicinity of our Group headquarters in Darmstadt
and remain highly popular, with around 21,000 people attending
them in 2017. In addition, the orchestra again toured internationally.
Concerts took place in Austria, the Czech Republic and Morocco in
2017. One particular aim is to make classical music more accessible
to young people, for instance through special partnerships for children
and adolescents as well as cooperation programs with schools, such
as the orchestra workshop.

Promoting literature

Like music, literature is an important mediator between cultures.
That is why we support five literary prizes around the world, some
of which every two years: the Johann Heinrich Merck Award for
Literary Critique and Essay in Germany, the Premio Letterario Merck
in Italy, the Merck-Kakehashi Literature Award in Japan, the Merck-
Tagore Award in India, and the Merck Translation Award in Russia.
The awards primarily recognize those authors who build bridges
between cultures, as well as between literature and science.

The Johann Heinrich Merck Award for Literary Critique and Essay,
which we have been presenting since 1964 and is worth € 20,000,
went to Jens Bisky, a culture editor at the Siddeutsche Zeitung. With
the Premio Letterario Merck, we recognize authors in Italy who build
bridges between literature and science with their works. The 2017
prize, worth € 10,000, was awarded to U.S. writer Sam Kean for his
work “The Violinist’s Thumb”. The jury decided on an honorable men-
tion for Italian mathematician, author and professor Paolo Zellini.

Responsibility for our products

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate respon-
sibility. When used properly, they must pose no risk to customers,
patients, consumers, or the environment. Our goal is to ensure a
positive benefit/risk profile for our products, which is why we regu-
larly examine safety across their entire life cycle and continuously
take steps to minimize risks. We provide patients, consumers and
customers with extensive informational material so that they can use
our products in a safe, responsible and proper manner.

In our pharmaceutical marketing activities, the focus is always on
the health and well-being of patients because we want them to receive
effective and high-quality treatment. All guidelines pertaining to mar-
keting and advertising are part of our Group-wide compliance pro-
gram, which is complemented by our internal guidelines and various
voluntary commitments that, in many cases, exceed the applicable
statutory regulations.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

79

Safety of our chemical products

Numerous regulations are in place to ensure that chemicals pose no
risk to humans or the environment. Compliance with these regulatory
requirements is an important part of our work. Through a Group-wide
policy, we have established global processes for defining, directing and
implementing product safety, as well as the corresponding manage-
ment structures. We incorporate all relevant national and interna-
tional chemical regulations into our policies and guidelines and
adhere to them. This includes the EU chemicals regulation REACH
(Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals)
and CLP (Classification, Labelling and Packaging of Substances and
Mixtures, EU GHS). Furthermore, we are committed to transparency.
For instance, in line with the Global Product Strategy, an international
initiative of the chemical industry, we provide our customers with
product safety summaries for hazardous materials.

For the final REACH registration phase, we are also working to
register all the relevant chemical substances within the stipulated
period. We successfully completed the two registration phases in
2010 and in 2013. The next step, or phase III, requires us to eval-
uate and register by June 2018 all substances annually produced or
imported in quantities ranging from one to 100 metric tons. This
process also includes substances added to our portfolio from the
Sigma-Aldrich acquisition and is on schedule.

Safety of our Healthcare products

Patient and consumer safety has top priority in everything we do.
During the entire life cycle of our medicines and consumer health
products, we provide patients, consumers and physicians with up-to-
date risk-benefit evaluations. To this end, company experts process
safety-relevant information from various sources such as clinical
trials, adverse reaction reports and scientific literature. Ultimate
responsibility for the safety of our biopharmaceuticals is borne by
our Global Chief Medical Officer, with support from the Medical Safety
and Ethics Board. Our Global Drug Safety unit continuously monitors
and evaluates the safety and risk-benefit ratio of our medicines
worldwide (pharmacovigilance). For our Consumer Health products,
this function is performed by the Global Product Safety unit. Overall
responsibility for the safety of our over-the-counter products is borne
by the Chief Medical Officer for the Consumer Health business, sup-
ported by the Safety & Labelling Committee.

For products in our Allergopharma business, we have also devel-
oped comprehensive clinical efficacy and safety profiles that we con-
tinuously update. For the safety of patients, we have established a
global pharmacovigilance system that we are always working to
enhance.

Quality of our products

Our goal is to provide customers and patients with high-quality brand-
name products. Through our quality vision — “Quality is embedded in
everything we do!” - we remind our employees of their responsibility —
across all business sectors, all Group functions and all levels of the
company.
Combined Management Report

80

Supplier management

We procure many raw materials, packaging materials, technical
products, components, and services worldwide. Our overarching goal
is to protect the stability of these supply chains and always provide
our customers with the best products and services, while offering
them optimal quality and service. Our supplier management focuses
on compliance with fundamental environmental and social standards,
in addition to high quality, delivery reliability and competitive prices.
They are primarily derived from the core labor standards of the ILO
(International Labour Organisation), from the UN Global Compact,
and from the Code of Conduct of the BME (German Federal Associ-
ation for Materials Management, Purchasing and Logistics). Our
Group Procurement Policy and Responsible Sourcing Principles define
our procurement practices.

Due to the growing significance of emerging markets as sourcing
markets for Merck, we have reinforced our efforts to ensure adher-
ence to our supply chain standards. At the end of 2014, we joined
the Together for Sustainability (TfS) chemical industry initiative.
Since then, we have been utilizing the supplier assessment and audit
results shared among all member companies, who in turn abide by
all restrictions stipulated within competition law. Through TfS, we so
far have access to assessments for more than 730 of our most impor-
tant suppliers. We initiated assessments of 463 of them in 2017.

Responsibility for our employees

Employees are crucial to the success of a company. They therefore
play a central role in our business endeavors. In accordance with the
Merck values, we live a culture of mutual esteem and respect. We
seek to further our entrepreneurial success by recruiting, developing
and motivating the most suitable employees, which is why we focus
our employee strategy on employee development, compensation,
and performance management. We furthermore strive to foster
diversity among our employees (more information can be found
under “People at Merck”).

Responsibility for the environment

In the manufacture of our products, we seek to impact the environ-
ment as little as possible. This especially includes efficiently conserv-
ing resources such as energy, water and raw materials while also
continuously reducing our emissions and waste.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

Environmental management system

In our Corporate Environment, Health and Safety Policy, which is
applicable Group-wide, we have defined our principles and strategies
for environment, health and safety. It is an integral component of
our EHS management system, which is certified annually by external
auditors in accordance with the international standard OHSAS 18001.
At all our sites, local EHS managers oversee operational environ-
mental protection measures. These employees continually receive
training and obtain additional qualifications. Since our businesses
are constantly changing, our environmental management system is
subject to internal and external audits on a regular basis to ensure
that the ISO 14001 requirements are still being met. In 2017, we
obtained an ISO 14001 group certificate for the ninth consecutive
year. This certificate covers 83 sites around the world. Additionally,
our environmental management system was successfully adapted to
the new ISO standard 14001:2015. Our spending on environmental
protection, health and safety efforts totaled € 200 million in 2017,
which also includes investments made during the year.

Focus areas: Energy efficiency,

greenhouse gas emissions, water, waste and recycling

Climate impact and resource scarcity are key challenges facing
society in the 21st century. As a responsible company, it is especially
important for us to do our part. We have therefore set ourselves the
goal of reducing total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions
by 20% by 2020 (2006 baseline), irrespective of production growth.
In 2017, the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) gave our
efforts to conserve water a “B” rating (2016: A-). The CDP assesses
companies in terms of their performance and transparency in climate
impact and water management.

To achieve our climate impact mitigation goals, we have launched
the EDISON program that consolidates all our climate impact mitigation
and energy efficiency activities. Through the more than 300 EDISON
projects initiated since 2012, we aim to annually save around
98 metric kilotons of CO, in the medium term. Overall, thanks to the
EDISON projects we have saved approximately 75,000 megawatt
hours of energy since 2012.

At the same time, we are pushing forward with the changeover
to regenerative power generation. In 2017, we installed solar power
panels at the Jigani and Peenya sites of our Life Science business
sector in Bangalore, India. These generate a total of 1,265,000 kilo-
watt hours of power per year. Since each of the installations covers
approximately 30% of the sites’ power requirements, we will lower
our annual emissions by around 1,200 metric tons. We also installed
a solar voltaic system in Burlington, Massachusetts (USA). With an
output of 182 kilowatts, this is to generate 218,000 kilowatt hours of
power annually, thus reducing our emissions by around 60 metric tons.
Combined Management Report Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility 8 1

ENERGY CONSUMPTION?

in gigawatt hours 2014 2015 2016 2017

Total energy consumption 2,162 2,260 2,241 2,270
Direct energy consumption 1,354 1,452 1,445 1,386
Natural gas 1,207 1,206 1,267 1,256
Liquid fossil fuels? 120 111 37 34
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy 27 135 141 96
Indirect energy consumption 808 808 796 884
Electricity 711 712 701 740
Steam, heat, cold 97 96 95 144
Total energy sold 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.3
Electricity 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.3
Steam, heat, cold 0 0 0 0
in terajoules 2014 2015 2016 2017
Total energy consumption 7,783 8,137 8,068 8 172
Direct energy consumption 4,874 5,228 5,202 4,990
Natural gas 4,345 4,342 4,561 4,522
Liquid fossil fuels? 432 400 133 122
Biomass and self-generated renewable energy 97 486 508 346
Indirect energy consumption 2,909 2,909 2,866 3,182
Electricity 2,560 2,563 2,524 2,664
Steam, heat, cold 349 346 342 518
Total energy sold 2.2 1.8 1.8 1.1
Electricity 2.2 1.8 1.8 1.1
Steam, heat, cold 0 0 0 0

1In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, for all previous years (up to the 2006 baseline) the energy consumption has been calculated based on the current corporate structure of the reporting
year and retroactively adjusted for acquisitions or divestments of (parts of) companies, or for changes in emission factors (portfolio-adjusted).
2Light and heavy fuel oil, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), diesel and gasoline.
Combined Management Report

82

TOTAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (SCOPE 1 AND 2 OF THE GHG PROTOCOL)!

Fundamental Information about the Group

Corporate Responsibility

in metric kilotons 20062 2014 2015 2016 2017
Total CO,eq? emissions 793 731 726 711 731
thereof

direct CO,eq emissions 379 390 393 387 374
Indirect CO,eq emissions 414 341 333 324 357
Biogenic CO, emissions

6 11 54 56 38

‘In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, for all previous years (up to the 2006 baseline) the greenhouse gas emissions have been calculated based on the current corporate structure of
the reporting year and retroactively adjusted for acquisitions (e.g. Sigma-Aldrich in 2015) or divestments of (parts of) companies, or for changes in emission factors (portfolio-adjusted).

? Baseline for our emission targets is 2006.
3eq = equivalent.

Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for energy effi-
ciency and climate impact mitigation. Our production sites in Darmstadt
and Gernsheim account for around 28% of our global energy con-
sumption. Both these facilities have fulfilled the international energy
management standard ISO 50001 since 2012. Currently, 12 of our
production sites have a certified energy management system. We
intend to maintain our climate targets in the future. In 2017, the
Executive Board confirmed the greenhouse gas reduction target and
the required measures to achieve it, for instance through projects
to raise energy efficiency levels and to reduce process-related green-
house gas emissions.

In addition to energy, we also focused on the topic of water in
2017. Since 2016, we have been pursuing the goal of implementing
a sustainable water management system at sites with high consump-
tion levels by 2020. At sites with relevant water use located in areas
of high water stress, we are aiming to cut our water consumption by
10% by 2020 (2014 baseline). At the end of 2017, we had lowered
our water consumption at the relevant sites by around 9% in com-
parison with 2014. In 2017, the CDP gave our efforts to conserve
water a “B”, two scores better than in the previous year.

Natural resources are becoming scarcer. We therefore want to
use raw materials as efficiently as possible and to limit the loss of
raw materials. Consequently, we intend to minimize the environmen-
tal impacts of our waste as far as possible. In 2016, we developed
the Merck Waste Score, which allows us to compare the amount of
waste our sites are producing and monitor the development of the

amount of waste we produce. In 2017, the Executive Board resolved
for the first time to reduce the environmental impact of our waste
by 5% by 2025 (2016 baseline). For this purpose, we are analyzing
the improvement potential of production processes and disposal
routes employed by our sites. In principle, all sites are to contribute
to the waste reduction efforts.

Responsibility for society

We see ourselves as part of society — both at our individual sites and
worldwide. Taking responsibility towards society is an integral part
of our entrepreneurial approach. We believe that we can make an
important contribution to the community through our knowledge,
our skills and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused on those
areas in which we have problem-solving expertise stemming from
our core businesses. We are thus engaged in health and environ-
mental projects and furthermore support education, especially in the
natural sciences. We provide disaster relief in emergency situations,
particularly in those regions in which we operate.

Our subsidiaries are engaged in a wide variety of local projects.
We have defined a general set of criteria for selecting projects, and
the decisions concerning specific projects are made by our subsidi-
aries. In 2017, we spent a total of € 34 million on community engage-
ment activities.
Combined Management Report

Research and Development

We conduct research and development (R&D) worldwide in order to
develop new products and services designed to improve the quality
of life of patients and to satisfy the needs of our customers. Further
optimizing the relevance and efficiency of our research and develop-
ment activities - either on our own or in cooperation with third par-
ties — is one of our top priorities.

Approximately 6,800 employees work for Merck researching innova-
tions to serve long-term health and technology trends in both estab-
lished and growth markets.

Merck spent around € 2.1 billion on research and development
in 2017. In our research and development activities, we focus on
both in-house research and external collaborations which enable us
to increase the productivity of our research while simultaneously
reducing financial outlay. The organizational set-up of our research
and development activities reflects the structure of Merck with three
business sectors.

Healthcare
BIOPHARMA

Oncology and Immuno-Oncology

In 2017, we achieved a number of significant milestones with
avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody that we are co-developing and
co-commercializing with Pfizer. The first regulatory milestone took
place in March, when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
granted accelerated approval for avelumab under the brand name
Bavencio® for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years
and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), based on
tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for
this indication may be contingent on verification and description of
clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Metastatic MCC is a rare and
aggressive skin cancer that previously had no approved treatment
options, making this the first indication for Bavencio® and the first
FDA-approved treatment and immunotherapy for metastatic MCC.
Since fewer than half of patients with metastatic MCC survive more
than one year and less than 20% survive beyond five years,
Bavencio® offers patients a much-needed treatment option that could
make a meaningful difference in the treatment of this.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

83

The FDA in 2015 granted avelumab Orphan Drug Designation for
MCC, as well as Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations
for the treatment of patients with metastatic MCC whose disease has
progressed after at least one previous chemotherapy regimen.
Breakthrough Therapy Designation is intended to expedite the devel-
opment and review of treatments for serious or life-threatening
disease where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug
may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies
for one or more endpoints.

This FDA approval was based on data from JAVELIN Merkel 200,
an international, multicenter, single-arm, open-label, Phase II study
with two parts. The first, part A, included 88 patients with metastatic
MCC whose disease had progressed after at least one chemotherapy
treatment. The objective response rate was 33%, with 11% of patients
experiencing a complete response and 22% of patients experiencing
a partial response. At the time of analysis, tumor responses were
durable, with 93% of responses lasting at least six months (n=25)
and 71% of responses lasting at least 12 months (n=13). Duration
of response ranged from 2.8 to more than 24.9 months.

The second, part B, at the time of the data cut-off included
39 patients with histologically confirmed metastatic MCC who were
treatment-naive to systemic therapy in the metastatic setting. The
objective response rate was 62%, with 14% of patients experiencing
a complete response and 48% of patients experiencing a partial
response. 67% of patients experienced a progression-free survival
rate of three months.

The next regulatory milestone followed in May, when the FDA
granted Bavencio® accelerated approval for the treatment of patients
with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who
have disease progression during or following platinum-containing
chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months
of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing
chemotherapy. This indication was also approved under the Acceler-
ated Approval Program based on tumor response and duration of
response, and continued approval for this indication may be contin-
gent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirma-
tory trials.
Combined Management Report

84

Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high
rate of recurrence. Bladder cancer accounts for approximately 90%
of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the
United States. Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced
or metastatic disease, the prognosis for patients remains poor, with
the five-year survival rate at approximately 5%, meaning more treat-
ment options are urgently needed.

The efficacy and safety of Bavencio® in urothelial carcinoma were
demonstrated in the corresponding cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid
Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of
Bavencio® in the treatment of various solid tumors. These urothelial
carcinoma cohorts (n=242) enrolled patients with locally advanced
or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or
after platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who had disease pro-
gression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing
neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. Patients with six
months or more of follow-up experienced an overall response rate
of 16.1%. Duration of response was not precisely estimable, with a
range of response from 1.4 to 17.4 months.

In September, we gained three further regulatory approvals for
Bavencio®. The first was from the regulatory authority in Switzerland
(Swissmedic) for the treatment of patients with metastatic MCC
whose disease has progressed after at least one chemotherapy treat-
ment. In mid-September, the European Commission granted approval
for Bavencio® as a monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients
with metastatic MCC, making it the first and only approved treatment
for metastatic MCC in the 28 member states of the European Union
as well as Liechtenstein, Iceland and Norway. A few days later, the
Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) granted
the first Asian approval for Bavencio®, making it the first-ever treat-
ment indicated for curatively unresectable MCC and the first anti-
PD-L1 to become available in Japan. Regulatory approval for the
treatment of metastatic MCC followed in December in Canada and
in January 2018 in Australia as well as in Israel. In addition, Bavencio®
was approved in Israel at the end of January to treat patients with
urothelial carcinoma.

Through our strategic alliance with Pfizer, we continue to explore
the therapeutic potential of avelumab. Our clinical development
program known as JAVELIN involves more than 30 clinical programs,
including various Phase III trials and over 7,000 patients being
evaluated across more than 15 different tumor types. In addition to
MCC and UC, these cancers include breast, gastric/gastro-esophageal
junction, head and neck, Hodgkin’s lymphoma, melanoma, mesothe-
lioma, non-small cell lung, ovarian, and renal cell carcinoma (RCC).

On December 21, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Desig-
nation for avelumab in combination with INLYTA® (axitinib) for
treatment-naive patients with advanced RCC.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

In addition to the host of abstracts presented at key congresses in
2017 —- including the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology
(ASCO) Annual Meeting and the 2017 European Society for Medical
Oncology (ESMO) Congress - we provided an update on our Phase III
JAVELIN Gastric 300 study in November. The study is the first global
trial of a checkpoint inhibitor versus an active chemotherapy com-
parator rather than placebo in patients with pre-treated advanced
gastric cancer. The trial did not meet its pre-specified primary end-
point of superior overall survival. The data are being further examined
in an effort to better understand the results and we will present them
at a medical congress in 2018. We remain committed to our ongoing
gastric clinical development program with avelumab.

As part of our commitment to developing new treatment options
for patients with hard-to-treat cancers who would otherwise have
a low chance of survival and to exploring all potential options, we
entered into several strategic collaborations in 2017. The first of
these was in March, when our collaboration with EpiThany to evaluate
avelumab in combination with EP-101 STEMVAC, an investigational
multi-antigen, polyepitope cancer vaccine, in a Phase II trial in women
with breast cancer was announced. The second was announced in
May, with Swiss/German biotech company VAXIMM AG to evaluate
avelumab in combination with VAXIMM’s VXMO1. VXM0O1 is an inves-
tigational oral T-cell immunotherapy designed to activate T-cells to
attack the tumor vasculature, and, in several tumor types, attack
cancer cells directly. Under the terms of the agreement, VAXIMM
will be responsible for conducting two open-label Phase I/II trials -
one in glioblastoma and one in metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC).

In June, we announced a collaboration with eFFECTOR Therapeu-
tics to evaluate a novel immuno-oncology combination in microsat-
ellite stable colorectal cancer. Together we plan to initiate a Phase II,
open-label, randomized, non-comparative study to evaluate the
safety, tolerability and efficacy of avelumab in combination with
eFFECTOR's investigational small molecule MNK1/2 inhibitor, eFT508,
in microsatellite stable relapsed or refractory CRC patients.

In September, we entered into a collaboration with Phosplatin
Therapeutics to evaluate avelumab in combination with PT-112, a
novel small molecule inducer of apoptosis with evidence of down-
stream immunogenic cell death (ICD) properties, currently in Phase I
development in solid tumors and hematological malignancies.

At the 53rd ASCO Annual Meeting (June 2-6 in Chicago), we
shared results from our increasingly broad oncology portfolio, from
immuno-oncology to DNA damage response (DDR) approaches, in a
wide range of hard-to-treat cancers. Over 40 abstracts showcased
the impact of our commitment to shaping cancer care today and
tomorrow, including data for avelumab, Erbitux® (cetuximab), and
pipeline updates on the anti-PD-L1/TGF-B trap M7824, the DNA-PK
inhibitor M3814, the BTK inhibitor M7583, and tepotinib, an investi-
gational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine
kinase.
Combined Management Report

Multiple presentations on avelumab at ASCO included data in first-
line metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma and previously treated meta-
static urothelial carcinoma, as well as results from the Phase Ib trial
of avelumab in combination with axitinib in RCC. Beyond metastatic
MCC, locally advanced or metastatic UC and RCC, we also presented
further avelumab abstracts in non-small cell lung cancer and meta-
static castrate-resistant prostate cancer, locally advanced squamous
cell carcinoma of the head and neck, and relapsed or refractory
diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.

We also featured new research at ASCO on our investigational
bifunctional immunotherapy anti-PD-L1/TGF-B trap (M7824), which
is thought to have the potential to simultaneously block both PD-L1
and TGF-B. An oral presentation showcased dose escalation Phase I
clinical data exploring the potential of M7824 in advanced solid
tumors.

Pipeline updates at ASCO also included early clinical results for
tepotinib, M7583, an oral, highly selective, covalent inhibitor of
Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK), and the first clinical data for M3814,
an investigational DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) inhibitor.

We are investing significant resources in the promising area of
DDR. In January, we signed a licensing agreement with Boston-based
Vertex Pharmaceuticals that covers the worldwide development and
commercialization of four research and development programs that
investigate novel approaches to the treatment of cancer. The addition
of the DDR portfolio in-licensed from Vertex to our own in-house DDR
platform has positioned us as one of the key players in the DDR field.
Our broad DDR portfolio includes inhibitors for enzymes of major
DDR pathways, such as Ataxia Telangiectasia and Rad3-related
kinase (ATR), DNA-PK and Ataxia Telangiectasia Mutated kinase
(ATM).

At the ESMO congress (September 8-12 in Madrid), we presented
a total of 23 abstracts representing five therapeutic agents, which
highlighted our company’s expanding scientific expertise. Data were
presented on the role of established medicine Erbitux® (cetuximab),
with quality of life (QoL) data in colorectal cancer and real-world data
in both CRC and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. With
respect to avelumab, we presented updated efficacy and safety data
in metastatic MCC and UC (12-month follow-up data in pre-treated
patients with locally advanced or metastatic disease). We also pre-
sented new data and updates from our rapidly evolving pipeline,
including first stand-alone data in metastatic triple negative breast
cancer from potential first-in-class ATR inhibitor M6620. M6620 is
currently being investigated in several ongoing Phase I trials across
a variety of tumor types. Other pipeline updates included data on
the potential first-in-class dual p70S6K/Atk inhibitor M2698 and
tepotinib in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

85

In January, we kicked off a collaboration and licensing agreement
with Domain Therapeutics of Strasbourg, France, to explore the
potential of adenosine inhibition in the development of novel immuno-
oncology agents. Domain Therapeutics is a company focused on the
discovery and development of first-in-class compounds against
transmembrane targets, and in particular against G protein-coupled
receptors (GPCRs). This collaboration strengthens our combination
strategy in immuno-oncology and underscores our science-driven
approach to discovering and developing novel compounds through
both internal capabilities and external collaborations.

Also in January, we announced a three-year strategic collaboration
with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, the aim of
which is to accelerate the development of investigational cancer
therapies in four cancers - breast, colorectal, glioblastoma and
leukemia. The collaboration will enhance the value of our future
oncology/immuno-oncology pipeline, with a goal of starting multiple
registration phase studies in novel indications in the next two to three
years.

In June, we announced our entry into a new strategic collaboration
with the biopharmaceutical company F-star of Cambridge, United
Kingdom, for the development and commercialization of five bispecific
immuno-oncology antibodies. Beyond these, we will have further
rights to replace, as well as to add to these antibodies using F-star’s
bispecific antibody platform. This collaboration will further strengthen
our immuno-oncology pipeline and underscores our commitment to
discovering and developing breakthrough cancer therapies that make
a meaningful difference to patients’ lives.

On July 6, we introduced the winners of our seventh Biopharma
Innovation Cup. The winning team received € 20,000 for its innova-
tive idea around the role of natural killer cells in cancer immunology.
The Biopharma Innovation Cup is designed to support the profes-
sional development of post-graduate students and to foster innova-
tion from a promising new generation of academic talent. It show-
cases our strong commitment to leveraging innovation, curiosity and
collaboration. With more than 1,400 applications from 60 countries,
the Biopharma Innovation Cup in 2017 achieved a new level of pop-
ularity.

In September, we announced the recipients of the fourth annual
Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) awards. The three winners of
this program shared prize money totaling € 1 million to progress
their research. A scientific steering committee of internationally
renowned oncology experts selected the winning proposals from
around 100 applicants worldwide based on relevance to patient care,
innovative approach, scientific impact, feasibility and relevance for
the personalization of treatment.
Combined Management Report

86

Neurology & Immunology

Multiple sclerosis (MS) is one of the world’s most common neurolo-
gical disorders and there are still significant unmet needs for MS
patients, particularly those with highly active relapsing MS (RMS).

Following a positive opinion from the Committee for Medicinal
Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency
(EMA) in June, the European Commission (EC) granted marketing
authorization in August for Mavenclad® 10 mg (cladribine tablets)
for the treatment of highly active relapsing multiple sclerosis in the
28 countries of the European Union (EU) as well as in Norway,
Liechtenstein and Iceland. Mavenclad® is the first oral short-course
treatment to have shown efficacy across key measures of disease
activity in patients with highly active RMS, including disability pro-
gression, annualized relapse rate and magnetic resonance imaging
(MRI) activity.

On November 30, Health Canada approved Mavenclad® as mono-
therapy for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing-remitting
multiple sclerosis (RRMS) to reduce the frequency of clinical exacer-
bations and delay the progression of disability.

On December 7, Merck received approval (Updated Registration)
for Mavenclad® in Australia. The Therapeutic Goods Administration
(TGA) updated the registration including the indication, dosing and
safety information of Mavenclad® for the treatment of RRMS in
Australia. In January, the Israeli Ministry of Health approved Mavenclad®
for the treatment of adult patients with highly active RMS as defined
by clinical or imaging features.

The Mavenclad® marketing authorizations in Europe, Canada,
Australia, and Israel are based on more than 10,000 patient-years
of data with over 2,700 patients included in the clinical trial program,
and up to ten years of observation in some patients. Mavenclad® is
the first treatment in relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) to show
sustained clinical efficacy for up to four years with a maximum of
20 days of oral treatment over two years. The efficacy and safety
results of these studies allowed for a detailed characterization of its
benefit-to-risk profile. Mavenclad® is a selective immune reconsti-
tution therapy that simplifies treatment administration by giving
patients two short annual courses of tablets in four years without
the need for frequent monitoring. The most clinically relevant adverse
reactions were lymphopenia and herpes zoster.

Several Mavenclad® submissions are currently under review and
we plan to conduct additional filings for regulatory approval in other
countries, including the United States.

Data for approved multiple sclerosis treatments Mavenclad® and
Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and investigational product evobrutinib
were presented at the MSParis 2017, 7th Joint ECTRIMS-ACTRIMS
Meeting (October 25 - 28 in Paris). A post hoc analysis in high disease
activity sub-groups from the two-year CLARITY study confirmed that
Mavenclad® significantly increased the proportion of patients with no
evidence of disease activity (NEDA) compared with placebo (43.7%
vs 9.0%). Efficacy data from the CLARITY, CLARITY Extension and

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

ORACLE-MS trials highlighted that Mavenclad® delivers and sustains
four years of disease control with a maximum of 20 days of oral
treatment in the first two years. An additional safety analysis assess-
ing malignancy and infection risk was presented along with data for
Mavenclad®, which further detailed how the treatment is thought to
selectively target the adaptive immune system.

Additionally, the recipients of the fifth annual Grant for Multiple
Sclerosis Innovation (GMSI) were announced during the 7th Joint
ECTRIMS-ACTRIMS Meeting. In 2017, 77 proposals from 25 countries
were submitted. Three research teams from Canada, Portugal and
the United States were selected to share the € 1 million grant.

We presented 11 abstracts in oral and poster sessions for clinical
programs in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), osteoarthritis
(OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and fibrotic diseases, including one
late-breaker, at the 2017 American College of Rheumatology/Asso-
ciation of Rheumatology Health Professionals (ACR/ARHP) Annual
Meeting held from November 3-8, 2017 in San Diego. Noteworthy
data included a late-breaking abstract on FORWARD, a five-year
Phase II study of sprifermin in OA of the knee, providing insights into
its potential disease-modifying properties. The study of 549 patients
met its primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically significant,
dose-dependent increases in MRI total femorotibial joint cartilage
thickness from baseline in the two sprifermin groups receiving the
highest doses as compared with the placebo group after the two-year
treatment period. Demonstration of an increase in cartilage thickness
as opposed to a delay in decreasing cartilage thickness has not been
previously reported.

On September 12, we announced that a Phase IIb study of evo-
brutinib, a Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor (BTKi) discovered by
Merck, had been initiated in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) following a
Phase IIa study which met the pre-defined criteria for progressing
to a dose-finding study in this disease. Evobrutinib is now in Phase IIb
studies in three immunological indications: RA, MS, and SLE. Evo-
brutinib was discovered in our own laboratories and is an example
of the innovation of our R&D activities within Healthcare.

We presented data at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN)
69th Annual Meeting (April 22-28 in Boston). A total of 15 abstracts
on MS, including studies evaluating Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and
Mavenclad®, were presented.

On June 26, at the European Association of Neurology meeting
held in Amsterdam, analyses of data from three clinical studies
(CLARITY, CLARITY Extension and ORACLE-MS) were announced
which suggest that Mavenclad® selectively and discontinuously
reduces both B and T lymphocytes in patients with early and relaps-
ing forms of MS. An early reduction of peripheral blood B cells was
seen, with cell numbers reaching a nadir at 13 weeks after treatment,
followed by a rapid reconstitution toward baseline. A moderate
reduction in T cell counts was also shown, although to a lesser degree
than B cells; this reduction was more pronounced in CD4+ than in
CD8+ lymphocytes.
Combined Management Report

Fertility

In early 2017, the CHMP granted a positive opinion for the new
Pergoveris® Pen, followed by a European Commission approval in
May. The pen addresses an unmet medical need by providing a con-
venient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for
women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteiniz-
ing hormone (LH) deficiency. The liquid version of Pergoveris® was
created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent
combination — which required patients to mix the product vials them-
selves before daily injection — towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen
solution. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination
of human FSH and human LH on the European market available in
a pre-filled injection device for self-administration.

We further underscored our commitment to innovation in fertility
in July, when we awarded € 1.25 million to external research pro-
jects, supporting the advancement of medical science through the
Grant for Fertility Innovation (GFI). Launched as the first of the Merck
Grants for Innovation in 2009, it is dedicated to transforming inno-
vative translational fertility research projects into actual solutions
aimed at improving fertility treatment outcomes. In 2017, the GFI
Award Ceremony included the announcement of the Merck Lifetime
Achievement Award in Fertility Innovation, granted to Professor
Bruno Lunenfeld for his revolutionary work within the fertility field
since 1954.

In November, the FDA approved a new version of Gonal-f®
(follitropin alfa injection) pre-filled pen. Known as Gonal-f® RFF

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE
as of December 31, 2017

Therapeutic area
Compound

Neurology
Cladribine tablets (lymphocyte-targeting agent)

Fundamental Information about the Group

Indication

Relapsing multiple sclerosis

Research and Development

87

Redi-ject™ pre-filled pen in the United States and originally approved
by the FDA in 2013, the new version of the pen, based on input from
people who use the pen, is easy both to learn and to use. Gonal-f®
is the only gonadotropin that comes in a pre-filled, ready-to-use pen
in the United States. The new Gonal-f® pen, like its predecessor,
enables a fine-tuning of treatment allowing for minimum increments
of 12.5 IU to titrate a wide range of doses and precisely target the
dosing to patient needs. In addition, its new design features include
an amendment to the dose display window for enhanced readability.

General Medicine & Endocrinology

In May, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency
(MHRA) in the United Kingdom authorized Glucophage® SR (sustained
release formulation; metformin), for the reduction in the risk or delay
of the onset of type 2 diabetes in adult, overweight patients with
impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and/or impaired fasting glucose
(IFG), and/or increased glycated hemoglobin (HbAic), when inten-
sive lifestyle changes for 3 to 6 months have failed.

On September 18, we announced the recipients of the Grant for
Growth Innovation (GGI) for 2017 during the 10th International
Meeting of Pediatric Endocrinology in Washington, D.C. Sixty-five
applications were received from 28 countries and reviewed by an
independent scientific steering committee consisting of six interna-
tionally renowned endocrinologists and researchers. Research groups
based in France and Denmark were each awarded a grant for inno-
vation projects in the field of growth and growth disorders.

Status

Registration

Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Multiple sclerosis Phase II
Oncology

Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase II
Tepotinib (c-Met kinase inhibitor) Hepatocellular cancer Phase II
M2698 (p70S6K and Akt inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3814 (DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M9831 (VX-984, DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M6620 (VX-970, ATR inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M4344 (VX-803, ATR inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M3541 (ATM inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M8891 (MetAP2 inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase I
M7583 (BTK inhibitor) Hematological malignancies Phase I

88 Combined Management Report

BIOPHARMA PIPELINE
as of December 31, 2017

Therapeutic area
Compound

Immuno-Oncology

Fundamental Information about the Group

Indication

Research and Development

Status

Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 1st line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Non-small cell lung cancer, 2nd line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Gastric cancer, 1st line maintenance Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer platinum-resistant/-refractory Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Ovarian cancer, 1st line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Urothelial cancer, 1st line maintenance Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Renal cell cancer, 1st line Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Locally advanced head and neck cancer Phase III
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Merkel cell cancer, 1st line Phase II
Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase I

Avelumab (anti-PD-L1 mAb) Hematological malignancies Phase I

M9241 (NHS-IL12, cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I?
M7824 (anti-PD-L1/TGFB trap) Solid tumors Phase I

M4112 (cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I

Immunology
Sprifermin (fibroblast growth factor 18)

Osteoarthritis

hase II

Atacicept (anti-BLyS/anti-APRIL fusion protein)

Systemic lupus erythematosus

hase II

Atacicept (anti-BLyS/anti-APRIL fusion protein)

IgA nephropathy

hase II

Abituzumab (anti-CD51 mAb)

Systemic sclerosis with interstitial lung disease

PI
PI
PI
Phase II
PI
PI
PI

Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Rheumatoid arthritis hase II
Evobrutinib (BTK inhibitor) Systemic lupus erythematosus hase II
M1095 (ALX-0761, anti-IL-17A/F nanobody) Psoriasis hase I?
M6495 (anti-ADAMTS-5 nanobody) Osteoarthritis Phase I
General Medicine

M5717 (PeEF2 inhibitor) Malaria Phase I

1As announced on August 25, 2017, the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for cladribine tablets for the treatment of highly active relapsing multiple sclerosis in the
28 countries of the European Union in addition to Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland.

2Sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (USA).

3As announced on March 30, 2017, in an agreement with Avillion, anti-IL-17 A/F nanobody will be developed by Avillion for plaque psoriasis and commercialized by Merck.

More information on the ongoing clinical trials can be found at www.clinicaltrials.gov.

Pipeline products are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective.

There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication.

ADAMTS-5_ A disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs

Akt Protein kinase B

APRIL A proliferation-inducing ligand

ATM Ataxia Telangiectasia Mutated kinase

ATR Ataxia Telangiectasia and Rad3-related kinase
BLyS B-lymphocyte stimulator

BTK Bruton’s tyrosine kinase

IgA Immunoglobulin A

IL Interleukin

mAb Monoclonal antibody

MetAP2 Methionine aminopeptidase 2

PD-L1 Programmed cell death ligand 1

PeEF2 eukaryotic elongation factor 2
PK Protein kinase

TGFB Transforming growth factor B
Combined Management Report

Consumer Health

Our Consumer Health business develops and sells over-the-counter
medicines and food supplements as well as several prescription med-
icines in Europe, in particular in France, Germany and the United
Kingdom, and in growth markets in Latin America, the Middle East,
Africa, and Southeast Asia. The focus of our research and develop-
ment activities is on the continuous improvement of existing formu-
lations as well as on the development of new products and line
extensions. For example, in 2016/2017 we successfully launched the
all-new brand Vivera® across several Latin American markets, con-
taining one of the most researched and most effective probiotics in
the world for the treatment of gastro-intestinal upset. We are fol-
lowing a consumer-centric innovation approach based on intensive
market research across all our key markets. Since 2014, we have
been establishing cooperation agreements with independent third-
party research facilities to leverage their specific capabilities and
expertise for the development of new products that meet the specific
needs of consumers.

Allergopharma

Allergopharma, our allergy business, is one of the leading manufac-
turers of diagnostics and prescription drugs for allergen immuno-
therapy. With its own research department and in cooperation with
research institutes and other partners, Allergopharma is developing
a better understanding of the immunological mechanism that under-
lies the development of allergies and is working on the next gener-
ation of drugs for allergen immunotherapy.

Life Science

Across our three Life Science business units of Research Solutions,
Process Solutions and Applied Solutions, our R&D teams are dedi-
cated to finding innovative solutions to our customers’ toughest chal-
lenges. In the Life Science business sector, we invest significantly in
R&D, with more than 1,500 employees working in various R&D func-
tions around the world.

In 2017, we continued to focus on delivering the promise of
accelerating access to health for people everywhere. We launched
15,000 products, including nearly 9,000 chemicals, while aiming to:
e Improve and expand our portfolio
e Invest in new and disruptive technologies for the long term
e Partner with the global scientific community
e Meet customer needs

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

89

Improve and expand our portfolio

We launched innovations across all segments of our portfolio through-
out 2017. In Research Solutions, we introduced a next-generation
high-sensitivity protein detection platform, SMCxPRO™ technology,
which allows scientists to detect and quantify low-abundance bio-
markers that traditional methods cannot measure.

In addition, we introduced the Stericup® Quick Release 500mL
vacuum filtration system, a filter bottle system ideally suited for
sterile filtration of cell culture media, buffers and reagents. Even
routine processes like microfiltration must be reliable and consistent
because quality and reproducibility are critical to the cell culture
process. The improved liquid sterile filtration system offers ergo-
nomic design updates that optimize user control and streamline the
filtration process, while safeguarding results with the proven perfor-
mance of Millipore® membranes.

In Process Solutions, we launched CAN MultiFlow™ screening
services to more accurately predict genotoxic and mode-of-action
properties of substances, ingredients and drug compounds. We
were the first company to provide this service in the United States.
Assessing toxicity is one of the most important steps in the devel-
opment of chemicals, ingredients and drugs for use in pharmaceu-
ticals, agriculture or consumer goods.

We took a significant step towards increasing manufacturing flex-
ibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the Ex-Cell®
Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-den-
sity cell culture medium supports perfusion processes and facilitates
high productivity at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield
and speed to clinic.

We also introduced Millistak+®HC Pro, the first portfolio of high-
capacity, fully synthetic depth filters for non-treated Chinese Hamster
Ovary harvest clarification and downstream filtration applications.
The product provides a cleaner and more consistent depth filtration
process than traditional diatomaceous earth (DE) and cellulose-based
filtration processes.

In Applied Solutions, we introduced a new testosterone calibrator
kit for in vitro diagnostic use. The certified kit allows users to calibrate
assays and verify calibrations and is the first of its kind to receive
CE mark approval — indicating compliance with the European Union’s
Medical Device Directive.

We also launched MC-Media Pads for convenient food and bev-
erage testing. The product offers streamlined, convenient indicator
organism testing for robust quality control of food and beverages,
helping customers improve their sample-testing workflows by
increasing efficiency without compromising quality.
Combined Management Report

90

Invest in new and disruptive technologies for the long term
CRISPR genome-editing technology is advancing treatment options
for some of the toughest medical challenges faced today, including
chronic illnesses and cancers for which there are limited or no treat-
ment options. Merck has a 12-year history in the genome-editing
field and was the first company to globally offer custom biomolecules
for genome editing (TargeTron™ biomolecules and zinc finger nucle-
ases), driving adoption of these techniques within the worldwide
research community.

In 2017, we developed an alternative CRISPR genome-editing
tool that makes CRISPR more efficient, flexible and specific, giving
researchers more experimental options and faster results, which can
accelerate drug development and access to new therapies. Our
research on proxy-CRISPR, “Targeted Activation of Diverse CRISPR-
Cas Systems for Mammalian Genome Editing via Proximal CRISPR
Targeting,” was published in the April 7, 2017, edition of

The Australian Patent Office granted Merck patent rights relating
to the use of CRISPR in a genomic-integration method for eukaryotic
cells. With this CRISPR genomic-integration technology, scientists
can replace a disease-associated mutation with a beneficial or func-
tional sequence, a method important for creation of disease models
and gene therapy. Additionally, scientists can use the method to
insert transgenes that label endogenous proteins for visual tracking
within cells.

We further strengthened our patent portfolio in August, when the
European Patent Office (EPO) issued a “Notice of Intention to Grant”
for a patent application covering our CRISPR technology used in a
genomic-integration method for eukaryotic cells. The patent provides
protection for our CRISPR technology, which gives scientists the
ability to advance treatment options for the toughest medical chal-
lenges we face today.

In addition, the Canadian Patent Office issued a “Notice of Allow-
ance” for the patent application covering CRISPR technology used in
a genomic-integration method for eukaryotic cells. And, in December,
we were granted a patent for CRISPR technology by the Singapore
Intellectual Property Office. Patents have also been filed for the inser-
tion CRISPR method in the United States, Brazil, China, India, Israel,
Japan, and South Korea.

We recognize the potential benefits of conducting properly
defined research with genome editing because of the breakthrough
therapeutic potential. Therefore, we support research with genome
editing under careful consideration of ethical and legal standards.
The Group has established the Merck Bioethics Advisory Panel to
provide guidance for research in which its businesses are involved,
including research on or using genome editing.

Beyond basic gene-editing research, Merck supports development
of gene- and cell-based therapeutics and manufacturing viral vectors.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

In October, our Carlsbad, California-based manufacturing facility for
the production of BioReliance® viral and gene therapy products com-
pleted both a U.S. Food and Drug Administration pre-license inspec-
tion and a European Medicines Agency marketing authorization appli-
cation inspection. As a leading contract manufacturing organization
for the production of next-generation gene therapies, the achieve-
ment underscores our commitment to bring our customers closer to
commercialization of novel therapies. In December, we signed a
commercial supply agreement to manufacture viral vectors for blue-
bird bio for use in potentially transformative gene therapies.

Partner with the global scientific community

In collaboration with Stelis Biopharma, we opened a new joint process
scale-up lab in Bengaluru, India, to provide end-to-end solutions -
from process development to scale-up manufacturing — for pre-clinical,
clinical and commercial supply. Both companies bring technological
expertise and an extensive bioprocess development and manufac-
turing portfolio that will help customers accelerate development of
biopharmaceuticals for clinical trials and manufacturing with greater
reliability and cost effectiveness.

In 2017, we also formed a strategic alliance with Baylor College
of Medicine, Houston, Texas, and its vaccine product development
partnership, Texas Children’s Hospital Center for Vaccine Development,
to advance vaccine research and development for neglected and
emerging infections. The collaboration focuses on bringing vaccines
through development to efficiently deliver them to societies in need.
Together, we are working to optimize the vaccine manufacturing
process to increase vaccine stability and yield.

Progress continued within the scope of our participation in
Horizon 2020, the EU Framework Program for Research and Innova-
tion, to improve biopharmaceutical downstream processing. The
nextBioPharmDSP, a consortium of seven organizations, is devel-
oping a more efficient, cost-effective and environmentally friendly
downstream process to manufacture monoclonal antibodies and bio-
similars. The biopharmaceutical industry faces pressures to reduce
manufacturing costs and deliver greater efficiencies while being
environmentally responsible. Through the Horizon 2020 program,
consortium members are already delivering important advances for
downstream processing.

In addition, we extended our strategic alliance with Samsung
BioLogics after a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed
in November. The alliance aims to accelerate process development
and clinical material production at small biotech start-ups focusing
on novel drug development for which Samsung BioLogics acts as a
contract manufacturer. The new MoU is an extension of an MoU
signed in 2014 that encompasses a long-term supply agreement
under which we provide raw materials for biopharmaceutical manu-
facturing.
Combined Management Report

Meet customer needs

We expanded our BioReliance® End-to-End Biodevelopment Centers
in North America, China and Europe to meet increasing customer
demand for their turnkey portfolio of bioprocessing products, man-
ufacturing capabilities and industry-leading technological expertise.
The expansion includes the opening of two new process development
centers, located in the United States and China, following the com-
mercial success of our biodevelopment center in Martillac, France.
The two new facilities provide a full range of process development
capabilities and services, including cell line development services
and both upstream and downstream process development, as well
as non-GMP clinical production. The United States facility will be open
to customers in 2018.

Angiex Inc., Cambridge, Massachusetts, will be the first project
undertaken by the new U.S. BioReliance® End-to-End Biodevelop-
ment Center. We formed a collaboration with Angiex Inc. to help
accelerate clinical readiness of a new cancer therapy. Our goal is to
support the biotechnology start-up’s ability to speed its lead oncology
antibody drug candidate to clinical use by providing access to end-to-
end process development tools, education programs and training.

Performance Materials

We are the undisputed market and technology leader in liquid crystals
(LCs) and photoresist materials, which are primarily used in televi-
sions and mobile communication applications. We are also one of
the leading suppliers of OLED materials as well as decorative and
functional effect pigments. Materials for integrated circuits round off
the portfolio.

Display Materials

In 2017, we continued to work with our customers, the display
manufacturers, to further develop high-performance liquid crystal
technologies. The systematic introduction of new liquid crystal mate-
rials and the development of higher-performance liquid crystal mix-
tures led to numerous newly qualified and commercialized products
in all applications, including large-screen TVs, public information
displays, as well as mobile devices and automotive applications. We
developed and commercialized a number of new photoresist formu-
lations for producing the thin-film transistor backplanes that are
used for both LC and OLED display manufacture. Our high-resolution
photoresist technology is especially important for the more complex
and demanding electronic patterning required in increasingly high-
resolution displays. Our innovative liquid crystal technology UB-FFS
(ultra-brightness fringe-field switching) also saw growth in the mobile

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development 9 1

device display sector. UB-FFS is highly attractive for mobile applica-
tions. It provides the highest light efficiency as pixel sizes become
increasingly smaller due to the demand for higher-resolution smart-
phones and tablets. We also further developed this energy-saving
technology for larger display applications, including TVs and public
information displays, where high light efficiency is particularly val-
uable in the highest-resolution displays, for example 8K.

Our new liquid crystal technology SA-VA (self-aligned vertical
alignment) is eco-friendly and resource-conserving; it requires less
energy and creates fewer waste products than conventional modes
during display manufacture. We have been developing the materials
and process within the scope of close technical partnerships. The
technology also provides a more efficient display manufacturing pro-
cess and could offer improved design features for display manufac-
turers. SA-VA has the potential to be used in all types of display
applications, including mobile IT applications, but most importantly
large-screen TVs. We expect the first products in mid-sized applica-
tions, but extending quickly to large-screen and high-end TV appli-
cations. We also made further progress with the development of new
liquid crystal technologies to enable free-form LC displays. Here we
aimed to enable the use of low-cost plastic substrates rather than
the thin glass commonly used in LC displays to date. We are working
closely with display makers in Asia to optimize the materials and
process for our innovative polymer wall LC technology. This could
provide robust and bendable plastic displays without the defect
patterns that typically occur when an LC display is pressed or bent.

Beyond classic displays, we have more strongly positioned liquid
crystals under the licrivision™ brand as an innovative material for
windows in architectural and automotive applications. We are cur-
rently focusing on three variants: sun protection, glare protection,
and privacy control where the windows switch to opaque. At the end
of November, we opened our first production facility for switchable
liquid crystal window modules in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. In
addition, we presented our liquid crystal window technology for auto-
motive sunroofs at the International Motor Show (IAA) in Frankfurt,
Germany. We continued to advance the development of smart anten-
nas, which can also be used in the automotive industry. Thanks to
a thin functional layer of liquid crystals, the antenna can be elec-
tronically pointed to a satellite without the need to move the device
mechanically. Together with Hella, a light and electronics expert, and
other partners, we have developed a smart automotive headlight
system based on an LC display. With a total of 30,000 pixels, the
smart adaptive lighting can be set in a continuously variable manner
and in real time to various driving situations. Hella is to bring the
developed technology to series production.
Combined Management Report

92

To accelerate the development of free-form displays, Merck is coop-
erating with FlexEnable of the United Kingdom. This company is
working in the field of conformable, large area, full color and video
rate organic liquid crystal displays (LCDs) on polymer substrates.
With a bend radius that can go below 30 millimeters, organic LCDs
can meet new market requirements, for example in automotive appli-
cations, where thin, conformable and shapeable displays are needed.
It will soon be possible to curve organic LCDs around complex sur-
faces and shapes when our innovative polymer wall LC technology
is used. In order to develop new digital optical applications with
liquid crystals, in May we entered into a five-year collaboration with
the University of Leeds. This is one of the United Kingdom’s most
renowned research institutions for liquid crystal applications and has
recently built a reputation in particular for non-display applications
such as switchable contact lenses.

Integrated Circuit Materials

Gas-phase deposition materials are a growth area within our semi-
conductor chemicals business. To meet the constantly growing chal-
lenges in chip production, increasingly more chemical elements are
being used in advanced semiconductor fabrication processes; this is
often enabled by atomic layer deposition technology. For the depo-
sition of layers that often are only a few atoms thick, novel materials
such as precursor chemicals are required, which can be applied at
lower temperatures and/or selectively to only certain parts of a wafer.
Such surface-selective processes automatically carry the target
materials to the right position. This provides advantages for our
customers as they can eliminate costly photolithography steps and
at the same time automatically avoid overlay registration errors.

In order to better support our customers in Asia, in 2017 we
opened a new research center in Taiwan, where we are conducting
research in atomic layer deposition and gas phase deposition for
front-end applications, as well as very thermally conductive, eco-
nomically sustainable, high-performance sinter pastes for chip pack-
aging applications. At our sites in Shizuoka, Japan, and Darmstadt,
Germany, we are developing innovative dielectrics that can be used
at lower application temperatures and are thus suitable for novel
chip types. Our thick-film photoresist technology found new applica-
tions for the production of 3D NAND storage chips that enable higher
storage capacity than conventional planar technology with the same
surface area. Besides other applications, these new-generation stor-
age chips are increasingly being used in solid-state drives (SSDs),
successors of classic hard drives.

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

Pigments & Functional Materials

The exceptional color saturation and brilliance of Meoxal® effect
pigments based on aluminum flakes is finding increasing use in auto-
motive and plastic coatings. In addition, Xirallic® NXT Cougar Red,
a pure, bluish red pigment with an extraordinary sparkle, was intro-
duced for automotive coatings as the latest addition to the Xirallic®
NXT series. Further pigment developments support the market trend
towards achromatic coatings. In the plastics field, the extremely
pure, silver-white Iriodin® 6163 WAY was added to the WAY series
of weather-proof pigments for outdoor applications. For the cosmet-
ics sector, both new sparkle effects and matte effect pigments were
successfully launched as part of the Smart Effects initiative. In the
fillers area, new formulations, such as an alcohol-free variant of the
anti-aging active ingredient RonaCare® CP5, were added to the port-
folio. Based on two-dimensional and three-dimensional skin models,
we developed a technology to more efficiently assess new cosmetic
actives. Particularly in efficacy testing of natural substances, we
expect to already have marketable products in 2018.

In technical applications, we intensified our activities in additives
for 3D laser direct structuring with a focus on 3D printing of plastics.
Together with our partners, we also developed laboratory prototypes
which we presented at the LASER World of Photonics 2017 in Munich,
Germany and the International Motor Show (IAA) 2017 in Frankfurt,
Germany. Laser additives enable computer-controlled fabrication of
three-dimensional components with integrated electronic parts and
laser-assisted circuit board bonding. We made good progress in
high-voltage technology. Within the scope of the iShield research
project, which is funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education
and Research (BMBF), we are collaborating with academic and indus-
trial partners to develop and qualify a novel material to shield gen-
erators and engines.

We further developed our range of fluorosurfactants, which
strongly differentiates itself from competing products owing to its
favorable ecotoxicological profile. In early 2017, Tivida® FL 3000
was added to our portfolio of nonionic surfactants. Even in very low
concentrations, it significantly improves the flow and wetting behav-
ior of coating systems.
Combined Management Report

Advanced Technologies

In 2017, we made significant progress with our material and tech-
nology developments for flexible displays. At major exhibitions, for
example, together with strategic partners we presented prototypes
demonstrating the market readiness of our materials and the related
technologies. During SID Display Week in May, we additionally
reported on the development of printing inks. In 2017, our printed
red, green and blue layers demonstrated first-ever efficiency values
comparable to those of vacuum evaporation technology. This will
allow flexible or rollable screens to be manufactured in the future,
such as for automotive applications or large-area displays. Printed
displays achieve greater brightness and better energy efficiency. In
reflective displays, our partner Clearink Displays won the prestigious
Best in Show Award at SID 2017. To respond to the growing demand
from the industry for our innovative material solutions, we started
investing in our R&D site in Chilworth, United Kingdom, to increase
our lab capacity.

In electronic packaging, we strengthened our research activities
by participating in a consortium led by the Fraunhofer Institute for
Reliability and Microintegration in Berlin. We are further advancing
material and technology development in hybrid electronics. At the
LOPEC 2017 exhibition in Munich in March, we presented the proto-
type of a flexible display consisting of a backplane with organic thin-
film transistors as well as liquid crystals from Merck. We will continue
to focus strongly on the development of these technologies.

In 2017, a number of lighthouse projects demonstrated the diver-
sity of use of printable organic solar cells (OPV). For example, OPV

Fundamental Information about the Group

Research and Development

93

modules integrated into a glass facade in Sao Paulo, Brazil, provide
shade, innovative design and energy efficiency. We presented a novel
facade concept combining OLED and OPV module design with func-
tionality at the Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism in Seoul,
Korea. The growing interest of architects in this innovative construc-
tion material was reflected in the Innovation Award for Architecture
and Construction, which went to OPV at BAU 2017, the world’s lead-
ing exhibition for architecture, materials and systems. The upcoming
technology trend in the LED lighting market —- human centric lighting
(HCL) —- places the focus of light planning on people’s health and
well-being. This trend is impressively confirmed by the 2017 Nobel
Prize in Physiology or Medicine, which was awarded for discoveries
of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm, which is
significantly affected by light. Our product developments specifically
address this up-and-coming market for HCL LED lighting. Micro-LED
displays are also currently attracting great attention. From our broad
portfolio for the LED industry, we have already supplied our custom-
ers with first materials for this new application.

Strategic realignment

In 2018, we want to focus even more strongly on the needs of our
customers and markets. Therefore, in December 2017, we announced
that we will combine our expertise in three newly created business
units aligned with our target markets: Display Solutions, Semicon-
ductor Solutions, and Surface Solutions. In the future, all activities
pertaining to research, business development and external partner-
ships will be united in a central research and innovation unit.
Combined Management Report

94

People at Merck

The success of our company depends crucially on the dedication of
our employees. We want to offer them framework conditions that
meet their individual needs. This encompasses an exciting range of
tasks and advanced training possibilities, furthering flexible forms
of cooperation and a culture of mutual esteem and respect. Our
objective is to create a working environment in which curiosity can
best unfold.

A career with Merck is enriching - both from a professional and
a personal perspective. It is important to us to create an inclusive
work environment in which all employees have the possibility to
maximize their potential. To support our company’s growth and inno-
vation course, the focus of our human resources work is on further-
ing engaged people, capable talents and empowered leaders.

In line with the new development of our corporate brand in 2015,
we also adapted our employer brand and launched it globally in May
2017. At the core, it is based on the passion, creativity and curiosity
of our employees, through whom Merck has become a global science
and technology company. We are convinced that curiosity leads to
positive outcomes.

Our promise as an employer is thus “Bring Your Curiosity To Life.”
We have formulated four core messages that characterize our
employer brand and are applicable to Merck as a whole. They deter-
mine how we collaborate, how we advance our business, how our
employees can develop within the company and who we are:

e Experience the joy of curiosity
e Foster fruitful partnerships

e Fulfill your personal ambitions
e Advance technologies for life

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

OVERVIEW OF OUR HEADCOUNT FIGURES

As of December 31, 2017, we had 52,941 employees worldwide
(2016: 50,414). In 2017, we were represented by a total of 217 legal
entities with employees in 66 countries.!

DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES

by region
9%
Latin America
4,050
19%
North America . 23%
10,520 Asia-Pacific (APAC)
11,294
2%
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
47% ~
Europe 1,097
25,980

Driving innovation through
engaged people

Our human resources work is founded on a company culture that
values and motivates people and promotes the right framework con-
ditions for innovation and engagement.

REGULAR GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SURVEYS

To strengthen employee retention and generate impetus for the
future of our company, we pay special attention to honest and con-
tinuous feedback. Having used various methods to obtain feedback
for many years, in 2016 we reintroduced our global employee survey.
Based on the results, strategic focal topics were identified and cor-
responding initiatives derived. In October 2017, another employee
survey was conducted in 22 languages and the status of implemen-
tation reviewed. Around 42,100 employees (84%) took part. Our
Group-wide score, which shows how attached our employees feel to
the company, was 59%. We are thus on a par with other pharma-
ceutical and chemical companies. As of 2018, these results will be
incorporated across the Group.

1Merck also has employees at sites which are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the financial

section of this report.
Combined Management Report

FOSTERING INNOVATIVE POTENTIAL

Innovation is absolutely essential to the success of a science and
technology company. Curiosity and a focus on new ideas provide a
fruitful basis for innovation and have a positive impact on company
performance. The modular Innovation Center in Darmstadt, which
opened in 2015, offers our employees the opportunity to embrace
new ideas and work on select projects in an inspiring environment.
Sufficient scope and adequate support, also in the form of a suitable
working environment, actively promote the innovative strength of
our employees. Apart from initiatives to generate ideas and advance
projects, the Innovation Center offers our employees various training
courses on topics such as innovative methods, creative techniques
and developing business models. Internal project teams, start-ups
from our Accelerator program as well as many interested colleagues
from various areas throughout Merck benefit from this offer. Recently,
the training courses offered by the Innovation Center were digital-
ized, making them available to all employees worldwide.

VALUING CULTURAL DIVERSITY

Our success is based on courage, achievement, responsibility,
respect, integrity and transparency. These values determine how we
perform our work daily, the way in which we approach challenges,
as well as our dealings with customers, business associates and
colleagues. Openness and respect characterize our company culture.
The objective is to create a culture of mutual respect and esteem in
which the strengths of a diverse workforce and individual differences
are appreciated.

The Chief Diversity Officer and a council of high-ranking execu-
tives from all business sectors and select Group functions play a key
role in strategically defining and managing our diversity and inclusion
policies. Their work focuses on operationalizing the resolutions we
passed in 2015 on the topics of diversity and inclusion. Key elements
of this are recruiting people representing a breadth of qualifications,
skills and experiences, developing and retaining them. In addition,
we support specific employee networks in order to foster exchange
among like-minded individuals. Apart from our women’s networks in
various countries, we also support networks that promote the inter-
ests of the LGBTIQ community as well as Afro-American and foreign
employees.

In September 2017, the Group-wide Diversity Days were held for
the sixth time with a campaign entitled “Different Perspectives”.
Various events and activities took place to heighten awareness of
diversity and inclusion among our workforce. Globally, employees in
32 countries across six continents took part in numerous events and
shared their experiences on the intranet and in social networks.

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

95

As a global employer with intercultural expertise, people from a total
of 131 nations work for Merck; 23.2% of our employees are German
citizens and 74.9% work outside Germany. At our headquarters in
Darmstadt, 11% of our staff comes from 89 different countries.

Women currently make up 43.1% of the workforce. However, the
ratio of women to men varies widely across the different regions,
businesses and functions. We are therefore working to raise the
proportion of women wherever they are underrepresented, taking
into account the situation typical for the industry as well as regional
differences.

Demographic change is posing challenges in Germany as well as
several other EU countries, the United States, and Japan. The aver-
age age of our employees is slightly more than 41. We assume that
this figure will continue to rise in the coming years and are preparing
for this situation. As part of our range of “Health and Well-being”
offers, we specifically promote employee physical and psychological
well-being. These offers vary from country to country and are
adapted to local circumstances. In addition, we offer multifaceted
continuing education throughout the entire professional careers of
our employees.

In Germany, our company signed the Diversity Charter in 2013,
the Equal Opportunity Charter in 2015 and the Inclusion Action Plan
of the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE)
in 2017. By joining these initiatives, we underscore our commitment
to fairness and tolerance at the workplace.

Furthering and asking more of talent

We endeavor to identify and develop the abilities of our employees
early on. Our objective is to extensively further current and future
employees and offer them interesting advanced training opportuni-
ties in order to prepare them for future and more challenging tasks.

A HOLISTIC RECRUITMENT APPROACH

When filling job vacancies, we pursue a holistic recruitment approach
coupled with globally uniform and binding procedures. This starts
with an internal job posting before external channels such as job
portals and recruitment agencies are used. On the one hand, this
process enables us to offer employees better development oppor-
tunities, and on the other hand it minimizes the costs of external
recruitment. For employees with leadership responsibility, we offer
targeted interview coaching to support them in selecting candidates
and to establish uniform quality standards.
Combined Management Report

96

A globally accessible welcome portal is available to new employees
in order to help them prepare for their new job at Merck and to
support their onboarding phase. To further improve the onboarding
process, various initiatives were started in 2017. For instance, super-
visors, Human Resources and new employees can already exchange
information and documents before the employee's first day of work.
In addition, all new employees are assigned an experienced colleague
who can help them to familiarize themselves with the daily working
routine. Our managers are also given detailed information such as
onboarding plans and process descriptions to support them with this
task.

VOCATIONAL TRAINING TO RECRUIT YOUNG PEOPLE

In 2017, we again maintained a constant, high vocational training rate
in Darmstadt, our largest site. A total of 535 young people were
enrolled in apprenticeships in 23 different occupations at our head-
quarters in 2017. We give unlimited employment contracts to all
apprentices working in occupations for which we have sustainable
demand. On average, the post-apprenticeship hiring rate - taking
voluntary terminations into account - was more than 90% over the
past five years. We also offer vocational training at other sites in
Germany, in which a total of 53 apprentices participated in 2017.

We promote the professional expertise of our apprentices through
numerous regional and global project activities. In 2017, these
included supporting a center for homeless children in South Africa.
Furthermore, through our “Start in die Ausbildung” program, we help
prepare young people who have not been able to find an apprentice-
ship. With a total of 20 young people between the ages of 16 and 25
in 2017, the number of participants was slightly lower than in the
previous year. Although they have a school leaving qualification, they
had been searching for an apprenticeship for at least one year with-
out success.

Since 2016, we have also been working on a specially developed
program to help refugees enter the job market. As part of the “Inte-
grating refugees through training” program, a further group of 12 young
people who were forced to flee their home countries started linguistic,
technical, cultural, and job-specific training to prepare them for voca-
tional training and thus for the labor market.

TARGETED ADVANCED TRAINING AND

MAXIMIZING PERFORMANCE CAPABILITY

Our focus on systematic personnel development allows us to sus-
tainably strengthen the performance potential within our company
and to increase the motivation of our people. Only by expanding
the abilities of each individual can we count on innovative and curious
employees and managers in the future and flexibly respond to different
requirements.

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

Employee development at Merck is founded on regular exchanges
and a culture in which employees aspire to high levels of performance
and engagement. As the basis for internal strategic talent manage-
ment, the performance and potential management process is globally
aligned for all employees in accordance with the same principles and
is part of a shared IT system. We systematically combine talent
recognition with performance assessments based on employee target
agreements, as we are convinced that regular feedback helps all
employees to grow in terms of their performance and potential.
Regular individual assessments permit us to more readily identify
high-potential employees and to further them accordingly. Clear
objectives, differentiated and open feedback and individual develop-
ment plans are thus important prerequisites for both the personal
development of every individual and the success of the company.
Through software-supported intensive analysis of our personnel data,
we can identify the potential of talented employees early on, which
helps to optimize our succession planning efforts and find even better
matches for internal positions.

Global classroom training courses and workshops developed
specifically for teams help our employees develop and build individ-
ual abilities in line with new requirements and perspectives. In 2017,
more than 5,700 employees participated in global classroom training
courses to prepare themselves for new opportunities and challenges.
Digital solutions in the form of more than 4,000 e-learning and
languages courses are available to our employees. To enable our
employees to realize their full potential, we also provide local busi-
ness- and function-related offers. All measures are documented in
a development plan introduced globally.

Individual development opportunities are also supported by a
new job architecture, which was introduced in 2017. It applies glob-
ally and enables us to harmonize all positions and to simplify their
classification. This job architecture defines three fundamental and
equivalent career paths: managers, experts and project managers.
Employees who wish to advance in their careers and aim for a top
position within the company can also do so via the expert and project
manager career paths.

Building empowered leaders

One of the major duties of our leaders is to motivate and encourage
employees to show their innovative strength. A dialogue in a spirit
of partnership, the development of strategic competencies and the
continuous further development of our leaders help to build trust and
to strengthen our company’s success over the long term.
Combined Management Report

STRATEGIC COMPETENCY DEVELOPMENT

A transparent competency model is a further pillar of our personnel
development efforts. Managers and employees should show strategic
competence by being purposeful, future-oriented, innovative, results-
driven, collaborative, and empowering. By demonstrating these qual-
ities, our leaders can build a strong culture of collaboration based on
curiosity, creativity and trust. In addition, our leaders are expected
to set an example, for instance by living the Merck values and taking
responsibility for their own decisions. To assess the performance and
potential of every individual and to establish an effective leadership
culture, regular and differentiated feedback is of utmost importance.
This way, employees and supervisors can develop a shared vision,
execute the business strategy and further develop a unifying culture.

PERSONNEL DECISIONS BASED ON DATA AND FACTS
Digitalization and data-based decisions are also taking hold in Human
Resources management at Merck, particularly with respect to the
development and use of personnel management tools. With People
Analytics, Human Resources has developed a modern, data-supported
approach that features greater transparency and deeper insights into
relevant personnel information from the businesses and Group func-
tions. It is based on globally integrated data management and state-
of-the-art analytics. People Analytics supports our managers with data
and facts that can serve as the basis for major personnel decisions.
This makes it possible to advise the company management more
precisely and purposefully in its decision-making. People Analytics
helps Human Resources to build strategic advisory capacities.

Additionally, we introduced predictive analytics based on the data
now available, which enables us, for example, to identify factors that
have a substantial impact on employee turnover.

DIVERSITY AND MANAGEMENT

In order to manage our global and diverse organization, we need
leaders who can build international teams and promote international
cooperation so as to contribute to a productive and flexible working
atmosphere. We seek managers whose inclusive leadership style also
reflects different employee and customer traits. This opens up career
opportunities for talented employees from all areas of our company
and ensures a broad experience base as well as differentiated
decision-making.

At Merck, many teams work across sites and internationally. The
diversity of competencies and experiences among the team members
offers tremendous potential that our leaders can make use of. Inter-
nationality and a global mindset characterize our company culture
and are therefore mirrored by our international management team.

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

97

In 2017, 64.4% of our executives were not German citizens. Alto-
gether, 65 different nationalities are represented in such positions.
Our goal for the period until 2021 is to maintain the proportion of
female leaders at a stable level of 30%, and we are working to fur-
ther increase the representation of women in leadership positions
and business units where they are still underrepresented. To achieve
this objective, in 2017 we formed special teams that are responsible
for developing goals and measures at departmental level to help us
move female candidates into positions in different areas and hierar-
chies. At the end of 2017, women occupied 30.3% of leadership roles
Group-wide. These figures are steadily increasing across the com-
pany as a whole, but not consistently across business units, Group
functions and hierarchical levels. The report on stipulations to pro-
mote the proportion of women in leadership positions at Merck KGaA
pursuant to section 76 (4) and section 111 (5) of the German Stock
Corporation Act can be found in the Corporate Governance section
of this report.

MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR EXECUTIVES

We use targeted advanced training to further the professional career
paths of our top talent and senior executives. One of the aims of the
nine-month International Management Program is to promote global
thinking among aspiring executives and to strengthen their leader-
ship competencies. In cooperation with top international universities,
the Merck University has been offering a multi-regional, modular
program since 1999. To date, 373 members of top management have
taken part. Furthermore, Merck cooperates globally with universities
in order to support employees who wish to study for an MBA. In
2015, we launched the Growth Markets Management program for
local people managers in India and Latin America, which focuses on
business management and Merck-specific topics. This program is
also offered in China as well as in Europe for the Middle East and
Africa region, with participants from a variety of countries and
regions such as Africa, the Middle East, Japan, and Russia. Moreover,
in 2017 we ran the Managerial Foundation Program for new people
managers in 21 countries with 917 participants, and the Advanced
Management Program, which was attended by 179 experienced people
managers in four countries.

In 2017, we once again expanded our workforce pool to internally
fill management positions when they become vacant. The vast
majority of management position vacancies were filled by internal
candidates again in 2017. In addition, we recruited highly qualified
external executives in order to add new perspectives to our long-
standing in-house expertise.
Combined Management Report

98

Differentiated solutions to support
employee well-being

As an employer, we take on responsibility for the well-being of our
people and offer a wide range of opportunities to optimize work-life
balance and to protect their health and safety.

FOSTERING WORK-LIFE BALANCE

As a responsible employer, the physical and mental well-being of our
employees is extremely important to us. To enable employees to plan
their lives independently and to boost their long-term satisfaction,
providing a flexible and health-oriented working environment is a
special focus of our human resources work.

A healthy work-life balance is a crucial precondition for the per-
formance ability and motivation of our people. That is why we offer
our employees at many sites around the world flexible and innovative
working models. The “mywork@merck” working model allows
employees at the German sites in Darmstadt and Gernsheim to freely
choose their working hours and location in agreement with their teams
and supervisors. In addition, we also introduced “mywork@merck”
for Merck Accounting Solutions & Services Europe GmbH, Merck
Export GmbH, Merck Schuchardt OHG, Merck Selbstmedikation
GmbH, Merck Versicherungsvermittlung GmbH and Merck Chemicals
GmbH. Employees no longer record their time electronically and must
only document their hours if they exceed their standard working
hours within the agreed working time framework. At the end of
December 2017, a total of 5,267 employees made use of this model.
In 2017, 4.6% of our employees worldwide worked part-time, 10.7%
of whom are men.

By offering information, advice and assistance in finding childcare,
nursing care, as well as home and garden services, we help employees
to reconcile the demands of their professional and personal lives. At
various sites, employees benefit from childcare options that we sub-
sidize. A daycare center has been operating at the Darmstadt site,
looking after children between the ages of one and twelve for the
past 50 years. The adjacent new building houses a nursery for up
to 60 children between the ages of one and three years. During the
orientation phase, our employees can make use of additional offices
for parents at the daycare center premises. In addition, a good
ratio of staff to children is important to us to reliably supervise the
children.

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

A TRANSPARENT AND FLEXIBLE
EMPLOYEE REWARD SYSTEM
At Merck, we reward the performance of every individual through
appropriate and competitive total compensation. For years, we have
been achieving this through global processes and programs that are
supported by digital platforms. We also offer our managers flexible,
market- and needs-oriented compensation tools. These support well-
informed decisions and thus provide comprehensible, performance-
and position-based compensation. Apart from monetary compensa-
tion components, we also offer our employees attractive fringe and
social benefits. Our “benefits4me” offer comprises three pillars:
e Company benefits including a company pension
e Health and well-being
e Service offers

Worldwide, we offer various benefit packages to meet the different
needs of our employees using well-established programs. Focusing
more closely on individualized fringe and social benefits in the future
will continue to enable our employees to individually choose those
benefits that best meet their personal situation and stage of life.

A CONSTANT FOCUS ON HEALTH AND SAFETY

Workplace safety and health protection are a very high priority at
Merck. It is especially important to us to do everything in our power
to prevent workplace-related illnesses and accidents. We apply the lost
time injury rate (LTIR) as an indicator to determine the success of
measures aimed at accident prevention as well as occupational health
and safety. This key performance indicator describes the number of
workplace accidents resulting in lost time of one day or more per
one million working hours. After having reached the goal of 2.5 that
we had set in 2010, in 2015 we set ourselves a new, ambitious goal:
By 2020 we intend to sustainably lower the LTIR to 1.5. With an LTIR
of 1.5 in 2017, we attained this goal.

Since 2010, we have been using the “BeSafe!” program to further
expand our occupational safety activities. Uniform standards as well
as local modules to meet specific safety requirements at individual
sites can help to improve conditions. The program focuses on engag-
ing managers in the safety culture and building their buy-in; it aims
to make safety an intrinsic value and empower our employees to take
responsibility for their own safety. In 2017, we continued to sensitize
our employees to workplace hazards through numerous awareness
campaigns.

Since 2010, Merck has been presenting the Safety Excellence
Award annually in order to underscore the importance of safety. It
is granted to all production sites with no workplace accidents on
record for the year; in 2017, it was awarded to 59 out of 97 sites.
Combined Management Report

OVERVIEW OF EMPLOYEE FIGURES!

Fundamental Information about the Group

People at Merck

Merck (overall)

Merck (overall)

99

Merck (overall)

Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017
global, total 49,613 50,414 52,941
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 11,096 10,754 11,294
Europe 23,429 24,438 25,980
Number of employees by Latin America 4,352 4,140 4,050
region Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 942 1,045 1,097
North America 9,794 10,037 10,520
global, total 48,911.1 49,652.7 52,223.5
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 11,068.2 10,725.3 11,272.1
Europe 22,785.7 23,727.1 25,302.5
Number of employees (FTE - full-time equivalents) by Latin America 4,344.2 4,136.5 4,046.2
region Middle East
and Africa (MEA) 940.6 1,041.8 1,096.1
North America 9,772.4 10,022.0 10,506.7
Number of countries 66 66 66
Number of legal entities global, total 211 215 217
Number of nationalities global, total 1222 129 131
Number of nationalities working in Germany 77? 91 97
Percentage of employees with German citizenship 26.1%? 23.1% 23.2%
Percentage of employees working outside Germany 75.9% 75.3% 74.9%
Percentage of employees with global managers 8.1% 9.7% 10.2%
global, total 41.6% 42.8% 43.1%
Percentage of women in the workforce >
in Germany 38.2% 38.6% 39.1%
Percentage of women in leadership positions (= role 4 or higher)5 global, total 26.8%? 28.8% 30.3%
in Germany 27.3%? 28.7% 29.7%
global, total 5.9%? 5.7% 7.9%
Percentage of executives (= role 4 or higher)5 Percentage of executives who
are not German citizens 61.0%? 64.7% 64.4%
Number of nationalities 64? 70 65
Number of apprentices in Germany 506° 576* 588*
Vocational training rate 5.3% 5.1% 4.4%
Number of employees in the “mywork@merck” model (Germany) 4,122 4,507 5,267
global, total 4.7% 4.7% 4.6%
Percentage of employees working part-time
Men 11.3% 10.6% 10.7%
Percentage of employees aged 17-29 years global, total 15.2% 14.7% 14.5%
Percentage of employees aged 30-49 years global, total 62.6% 62.5% 62.1%
Percentage of employees aged 50+ global, total 22.2% 22.8% 23.4%
Average age globally 41.1 41.3 41.4
Asia-Pacific (APAC) 36.7 36.7 36.9
Europe 42.4 42.4 42.5
Average age by region Latin America 39.5 39.9 40.3
Middle East and Africa (MEA) 39.5 39.3 39.4
North America 44.2 44.3 44.1
Germany 43 42.9 43
Average length of service global, total 10.0 9.9 9.8
Average length of service in Germany 14.4 14.2 14

1Merck also has employees at sites which are not fully consolidated subsidiaries. These figures refer to all people directly employed by Merck and therefore may deviate from figures in the financial

section of this report.
?Excluding Sigma-Aldrich.

3Relates only to Merck KGaA (around 19% of the workforce of the entire Group in 2015).
*All Merck sites in Germany (around 25% of the workforce of the entire Group in 2016 and 2017).

> Not including Sigma-Aldrich legal entities in Germany or Allergopharma.
1"#$% & ()*¥+&+,'#' &-).7/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?'%(!)* %(G+,*!-%.,°, Fo!

100

0 & HF (Tor, * OL SO KZSH*3, H(A, &FO(+EC

Report on Economic Position

Macroeconomic and sector-speci c environment

According to the most recently available figures from the International)
Monetary Fund (IMF), industrial countries faced heightening growth
expectations in 2017. In this context, the recovery of the global
economy strengthened. In around 120 economies that account for
three-quarters of global 123 4growth increased in 2017 compared with)
the previous year. This has been the most extensive synchronized)
global growth since 2010.

566"0(%&,)-")}-7’)8+-9-) IMF forecasts, global gross domestic product
(123 :)rose by 3.7% in 2017, equivalent to an increase of 0.5 percent;
+,’) points in comparison with 2016. As in the previous year, strong
regional differences could be seen. Industrial nations registered an
increase in growth to 2.3% (2016: 1.7%). At 4.7% (2016: 4.4%),
emerging economies and developing countries again achieved an
increase in growth rates. The 123 of the United States, the world’s
largest economy, grew by 2.3% (2016: 1.5%). The eurozone also
0°,%9-'0" ()+&) %&60' +9") %&)123 growth to 2.4% (2016: 1.8%). The
emerging economies of Asia registered an increase in growth to 6.5%

(2016: 6.4%). As in 2016, India (6.7%) and China (6.8%) were the
strongest growth drivers. In the industrialized countries of Asia, the
123 of Japan grew by 1.8% (2016: 0.9%) and that of Taiwan by
2.0% (2016: 1.5%). Korea registered growth of 3.0% (2016: 2.8%).

In 2017, organic sales growth at Merck was largely attributable to
the Asia-Pacific and Latin America regions. While Asia-Pacific accounted)
for approximately 60% of Group-wide growth, Latin America accounted)
for 18%. In the aforementioned regions, the Healthcare and Life
Science business sectors contributed positively to organic sales
growth. By contrast, however, sales of the Performance Materials
business sector decreased organically in both regions. While North
America still generated around 36% of organic growth in 2016, it
accounted for roughly 3.5% in 2017. This was due to declining business)
in the Healthcare business sector. Healthcare sales in North America
decreased organically by -4.5%.
1"#$%&’ ()*¥+&+,’#’ &-)."/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?!%(!)*%( G+, *!-%.,° Fo!

1/0 *§ & HH * Fo (Tor, * 01. GRISH*,3,*1H#(4, & (+#C

101

ee

) Development Vas" &-) )
2017 « 2016
Healthcare
Global pharmaceutical market >2@A 4.7%
Market for multiple sclerosis therapies® 7.4% 8.4%
Market for type 2 diabetes therapies® 9.6% <<pA
Market for fertility treatment® C?BA 12.5%
Market for the treatment of colorectal cancer @P>A -6.7%
Market for OTC pharmaceuticals 4.6% 4.2%
Life Science
Market for laboratory products 2.8% 2.4%
Share of biopharmaceuticals in the global pharmaceutical market® 25.6% 23.8%
Performance Materials
Growth of LC display surface area 3.8% 5.2%
Global automobile sales volumes B?@A 5.3%
Materials for production of cosmetics 1.8% 1.8%
Semiconductor industry sales 19.7% 2.6%

<Predicted development. Final development rates for 2017 were not available for all industries when this report was prepared.
® Growth rates based on market data in local currency, translated at a constant euro exchange rate. The IQVIA market data on the growth of indications are based on current figures, )

including the third quarter of 2017. Annual growth based on the values for the past 12 months. The type 2 diabetes market excludes the United States since this market is insignificant to Merck.
>Growth rates based on market data stated in U.S. dollars. Market data from EvaluatePharma on the growth of indications are based on published company reports and are subject )

to exchange rate fluctuations.

5)678596")
In the latest study published in September 2017 by the pharmaceutical
market research firm IQVIA entitled “Market Prognosis 2017-2021",
the growth of the global pharmaceutical market for 2017 is quantified
+-)>?@A . By comparison, in 2016, sales growth was still 4.7A . As was
already the case in 2016, the EMEA region was a main contributor to
growth in 2017. Latin America (excluding Venezuela) also fueled
growth. Whereas growth in the United States fell significantly to 1.7%,
(2016: 5.2A ), at 6.2A the Latin American market (excluding
Venezuela) continued to see strong growth (2016: 7.6A ). The EMEA)
region was also robust with growth of 4.0% (2016: 4.7A :?)5-)>?BA4)
the Asia-Pacific region recorded a decline in growth (2016: 6.2A :?)
Not only the growth of the pharmaceutical sector as a whole, but
also in particular the development of the biopharmaceutical market
is relevant for our business. According to IQVIA, the market volume
of biological pharmaceuticals was approximately € 222 billion in

<Excluding the United States.

2017. In recent years, the share of the global pharmaceutical market
accounted for by these products has grown continuously and already
amounted to 25.6% in 2017 (2016: 23.8%). Globally, the largest
share, or 34.7%, was attributable to the U.S. market.

A look at the therapeutic areas of relevance to Merck shows the
following developments, which reflect robust growth, albeit with a
weakening trend. The markets for the therapeutic areas multiple
sclerosis grew by 7.4% (2016: 8.4%), type 2 diabetes‘ by 9.6%
(2016: 11.3%) and fertility by 7.2% (2016: 12.5%). The market for
oncology drugs for the treatment of colorectal cancer showed a positive
trend and grew by 0.6% (2016: -6.7%).

According to the market research firm Nicholas Hall, the growth
of the global over-the-counter pharmaceutical market was 4.6% in
2017, which represents an increase of 0.4 percentage points in com;
parison with 2016. At 8.6%, India again fueled growth in 2017 (2016:
8.2%). In Japan, growth was again weak at 0.6% (2016: 0.9%).
1"#$% & ()*¥+&+,'#' &-).7/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?'%(!)* %(G+,*!-%.,°, Fo!

102

7:3)!<9:)=9)

Our Life Science business sector is a leading supplier of products and
services for both research and applied laboratory applications, as well
as for formulating, purifying, manufacturing, and quality-assuring)
drug therapies of biological and chemical origin.

According to the market research firm Frost & Sullivan, the labo;
0+-"0D product market relevant to Research Solutions and Applied
Solutions achieved growth of 2.8% in 2017 (2016: 2.4%). Following
a slow start to 2017, growth picked up. Growth was primarily driven
by biopharmaceutical industry customers, specifically emerging biotech)
start-ups. In comparison with 2016, European market growth increased)
to 1.9% (2016: 1.5%), driven by stronger 123 forecasts and easing
of the uncertainty over Brexit. The U.S. market grew by 3.2% (2016:
2.5%), with increased National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding
and the expected tax reform spurring investment in 2017 and possibly
also in 2018. Emerging countries recorded higher growth rates, with
growth being mainly driven by China and India. Although the 123 )
growth of China slowed down, investments in research and develop;
ment grew as one of the key priorities of the 13th five-year plan. India)
generated high single-digit growth with laboratory products and is
focusing more strongly on supporting academic and government
0°9°+067?

The demand for Process Solutions products depends heavily on the
sales of biopharmaceutical companies as well as the productivity of
their research & development activities.

566"0(%&,)-") IQVIA, the market volume of biotechnological phar;
maceuticals grew in 2017 to US$ 222 billion (equivalent to 25.6% of
the global pharmaceutical market). More than 8,000*)$%"-’67&"8",%6+8)
drug candidates were in preclinical and clinical development. In
2016, monoclonal antibodies accounted for 26%< of these drug can;
didates (2015: 25%). Biosimilars are a small, but fast-growing part
of the pharmaceutical market. For 2016, annual sales of biosimilars
were estimated at US$ 1.8 billions; this figure is expected to increase
to US$ 10.8 billion?$D)B@BB?

‘Evaluate Pharma.

$10 * & Hot * (Jor, * O11 .#*? Fo &I.SH*,3,* H(A, & F(+#C

-)"5>"/6=9)!/68)":67<

With its Liquid Crystals business, Merck is the leading producer of
liquid crystal mixtures for the display industry. The dynamic growth

rates of display surfaces have declined to an average of 4% in recent
years according to surveys by the market researchers at IHS)2%9/8+D,

Search. This growth was mainly attributable to increasing average
display size amid slightly declining sales volumes. The display industry)
remains a growth sector in which the leading display technology is
based on liquid crystals. OLED technology, for which Merck also ranks
among the leading material suppliers, is gaining importance in the
high-quality display sector.

The markets for automotive coatings and cosmetics are crucial to
Merck’s Pigments business. As reported by IHS, global automobile
sales volumes rose by approximately 2% in 2017. The growth drivers
were China and Europe whereas the U.S. market declined slightly for
the first time after a long period of growth. According to Euromonitor
International, global consumption of materials used to produce cos;
metics grew by around 2%.

The semiconductor industry is the most important sales market
for the business with integrated circuit materials (IC Materials). The
long-term growth of the semiconductor industry has a cyclical
demand pattern. According to Gartner, a market research institute
specializing in the technology and electronics markets, in 2017 the
industry’s sales grew by around 20%, above all owing to strong
demand for the storage technologies 2.5* )+&() NAND?
W"#$%&? ()*+&+,#' &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo!

4 #21%31, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA.,(#..!D#4#BDS+H#C.

103

Review of Forecast against Actual Business Developments

=)8!<67)<

For 2017, we had forecast slight to moderate organic net sales
growth for the Merck Group. The positive organic development of &’-)
sales in the Healthcare and Life Science business sectors more than

offset the declining business development in Performance Materials.)
Overall, we thus generated a moderate organic net sales increase of
3.8%. Furthermore, we expected a neutral exchange rate effect on

our net sales. Here we assumed that the positive euro/US$ develop;

ment would roughly compensate for negative exchange rate develop;

#&-9
exchange rates owing to political and macroeconomic developments.
This assessment was confirmed because as of mid-2017, and in
contrast to the previous trend, the euro started to significantly appre;

in various growth markets, yet we expected high volatility of

6%+- in value against the U.S. dollar and various emerging market
currencies. As a result, for the full year 2017 we saw a slightly negative)
exchange rate effect of -1.5% on our net sales, contrary to our original)
forecast.

In 2017, our Healthcare business sector generated solid organic sales
growth of 4.7%, thus exceeding our forecast for slight organic growth.
Sales growth in 2017 was again driven by the continued good dynamics)
in our growth markets, which exceeded our expectations, as well as
positive effects from the full takeover of the commercialization of the
antidiabetic agent Glucophage® in China from BMS. Our other franchises)
developed as expected. As forecast, a low negative portfolio effect
of -1.0% stemmed from the divestment of the business in Pakistan.

For our Life Science business sector, at the beginning of the year we
had forecast solid organic growth of net sales; slightly above expected
market growth of around 4% per year. In fiscal 2017, the business
sector achieved organic growth of 5.3%, in line with our forecast. As
expected, Process Solutions was the most dynamic business unit,
delivering the largest contribution to organic sales growth within Life
Science. As expected, Research Solutions and Applied Solutions also
contributed positively to organic sales performance, albeit to a lesser
extent than Process Solutions. The low positive portfolio effect of
+0.4% met the forecast we gave at the beginning of the year and
was mainly due to the acquisition of BioControl Systems.

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)

Contrary to our original expectations of slight organic sales growth,

the Performance Materials business sector recorded a slight organic
sales decline of -—1.7% in 2017. In the first quarter, signs of a nor;

malization of our market shares in the Liquid Crystals business,

particularly in China — which had been unusually high in recent years —)
intensified. This development became increasingly visible in the
following quarters, and the price pressure typical in this industry

could no longer be offset by corresponding volume growth. The good

organic development in the Integrated Circuit Materials and Pigments &)
Functional Materials business units could not fully offset the decline

in the Display Materials business unit.

)C:8D6!-")!

For the Merck Group, we had forecast an approximately stable EBITDA)
/0’ < in 2017 with either a slightly positive or negative fluctuation from

the year-earlier figure. Due to the difficult foreign exchange environ;

ment in the second half of the year and because of the adjustment
processes in our Liquid Crystals business, in our report on the second

quarter we assumed that our EBITDA pre would be at the lower end

of this implied range of € 4.4 billion to € 4.6 billion. For 2017 asa

whole, EBITDA pre amounted to € 4,414 million, which was -1.7%
below the year-earlier level.

For our Healthcare business sector, we expected a high single-digit
1°06’ &-+,’)( 60° +9’) %&) EBITDA pre owing to the continued rise in
research and development costs resulting from the ongoing develop;
#&-) of our pipeline, particularly in immuno-oncology, a negative
product mix due to the continued decline in sales of Rebif®, as well
as the absence of one-time income from the previous year. In 2017,
Healthcare generated EBITDA pre of € 1,949 million, which corre;
sponded to a decline of -8.4% and was thus in line with our forecast.

For Life Science, we had expected an increase in EBITDA)/0’)%&)-7’)
high-single digit to low teens range due to the expected organic sales
growth and the realization of synergies from the acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich as planned. With EBITDA pre of € 1,786 million, the
business sector delivered growth of 8.1%, which was within the
forecast range we had given at the beginning of the year.
W"#$ % & ()*+&+, # &-).7/"0-) ——!"#$ % &"!%(!)* %(G+t,*!-%.,”,%(!

104

For our Performance Materials business sector, at the beginning of
the year we still had assumed a slight increase in EBITDAY0’)6"#/+0'()
with the year-earlier level of € 1,106 million. However, the correction
in our Liquid Crystals business that materialized in the course of the
year as well as the increasingly difficult foreign exchange environment)
that particularly affects our Performance Materials business sector,
required a reassessment of this original assumption. Stringent cost
discipline and the good performance in our other business units could
only partly offset the decline in the highly profitable Liquid Crystals
business. In our report on the second quarter, we assumed that
EBITDA pre of Performance Materials would decline in the mid single-
digit to mid teens range to between € 950 million and € 1,050 million.)
For 2017 as a whole, Performance Materials achieved EBITDA pre of
€ 980 million. This corresponded to a decline of -11.4% compared
with the previous year and was thus within the adjusted range we
7+()/0° (%6-’(?

4 91%3 1, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA. ,(#..!D#44#BDS+HC.

EBITDA pre of Corporate and Other, which had reached a level of
€ -301 million in 2017, was 24% below the year-earlier level of
€ -396 million. Our expectation at the beginning of the year of a
slight improvement over the previous year was thus exceeded. This
development was mainly due to currency hedging losses, which were
not as high as we had expected at the beginning of the year owing
to the more difficult foreign exchange environment as of the second
half of the year. Consequently, in the course of the year we had
specified our forecast for EBITDA pre of Corporate and Other at
€ -300 million to € —-350 million, and reached the lower end of this
0+&,"?
W"#$%&? ()*+&+,#' &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo!

CE<:=)<<!5;"))!96<51;7>F

For 2017, we expected business free cash flow of the Merck Group to
see a single-digit percentage decline. We exceeded this forecast with)
stable business free cash flow. This was mainly driven by higher
EBITDA pre of Corporate and Other as well as the positive develop;

ment of inventories and receivables.

4 #21%31, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA.,(#..!D#4#BDS+H#C.

105
1 06 N"#$%&?()*+&+,#'&-).7/"0-)

——!"#$ % &"!%(!)* %(G+t,*!-%.,”,%(! 4 91%3 1, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA. ,(#..!D#44#BDS+HC.

Actual results Forecast for 2017 in the
y 2016 in € million Annual Report for 2016 4% &)O"H &-9
Merck Group

Slight organic sales growth in Healthcare
Solid organic growth slightly)
above market growth in Life Science
Slight organic growth in Performance Materials
Sligh 4 h Neutral exchange rate effect due to positive)
ight to moderate organic growt €/US$ development and negative foreign exchange
Net sales 15,023.5 Neutral exchange rate effect developments in various growth markets

EBITDA)/O’ *

Increasing research and development)

spending in Healthcare
5/10" F%#-+-’ 8D)9-+ $8" )6"#/+0' () )

with the previous year;)
-7%9)6"#/0%9’ 9)+)98 % ,7-8D)/"9%-%o=))

or negative percentage fluctuation) Slight sales recovery and active cost)

4,490.4 from the year-earlier figure management in Performance Materials

Continued realization of synergies from)
the integration of Sigma-Aldrich in Life Science

Business free cash flows

Increasing investments in property, plant and
3,318.2 Single-digit percentage decline equipment, as well as digitalization initiatives

EPS)/0’ <

6.21 G

Healthcare

Net sales

Organic sales growth in growth markets offsets)
the ongoing decline in Rebif® )9+8’9

Continued price pressure in Europe,)
Asia-Pacific as well as Middle East and Africa

Full takeover of the commercialization of)
the antidiabetic agent Glucophage® )%&)!7%&
from BMS contributes slightly to sales growth

Slightly negative portfolio effect due to the divestment
of the business in Pakistan, which had generated sales
6,855.0 Slight organic growth in the mid double-digit million range in 2016

EBITDA)/O’ *

Continued rise in research and development)
spending due to further pipeline development,
particularly in immuno-oncology

Negative product mix effect due)
to the decline in Rebif® )9+8’9

Absence of exceptional income recorded)
in 2016, such as the release of provisions for)
research projects discontinued in prior years)

and the divestment of a minority interest

Royalty income for Avonex® due to a)
patent granted in the United States in 2016

High single-digit percentage decrease 5,0°°# &-)"&)+)"&’ -So#’ )/+D#’ &-) )
2,127.9 %8BBITDA pre compared with 2016 for future license payments

Business free cash flows

2’68%&’ )%SEBITDA)/0”

Continued investments in property, plant)
and equipment as well as digitalization)
1,648.1 Low double-digit percentage decline within the scope of strategic initiatives

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
W"#$%&? ()*+&+,#' &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % &!%(!)* %(G+t,*!-%.,”,F(! 4 #21%31, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA.,(#..!D#4#BDS+H#C.

107

ee)

Forecast for 2017 in:

)

Results 2017

Q1/2017 Interim Report Q2/2017 Interim Report Q3/2017 Interim Report in! million
15,326.6)
(+2.0%:)
+ 3.8% Organic,)
-0.3% Portfolio,)

€ ~15,500 million to € 16,600 million € ~15,300 million to € 15,700 million € ~15,300 million to € 15,700 million -1.5% Currency)
4,414.5)

€ ~4,400 million to € 4,600 million €~4,400 million to € 4,600 million €~4,400 million to € 4,600 million (-1.7%)
3,318)

€ ~2,930 million to € 3,150 million €~2,960 million to € 3,260 million € ~3,040 million to € 3,340 million (0.0%)
6.15)-") 6.50 6.15)-") 6.50 6.15)-") 6.50 6.16

liah . h ligh . h 6,999.0)

Slight organic growt Slight organic growt (42.1%:)

Low portfolio effect due) Low portfolio effect due) +4.7% Organic,)

to the divestment of our) to the divestment of our) -1.0% Portfolio,)

business in Pakistan Slight organic growth business in Pakistan -1.6% Currency)

1,949.3)

€ ~1,900 million to € 2,000 million €~1,900 million to € 2,000 million €~1,900 million to € 2,000 million (-8.4%)
1,447.9)

€ ~1,340 million to € 1,430 million € ~1,340 million to € 1,430 million € ~1,320 million to € 1,410 million (-12.1%)

1 08 N"#$%&?()*+&+,#'&-).7/"0-)

Life Science

2016 in € million

Actual results Forecast for 2017 in the
Annual Report for 2016

Net sales

Solid organic growth, and thus slightly
above the expected market growth of
5,657.9 approximately 4% per year

——!"#$ % &"!%(!)* %(G+t,*!-%.,”,%(! 4 91%3 1, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA. ,(#..!D#44#BDS+HC.

4908)" HE &-9

Process Solutions likely to remain)
the strongest driver of growth

Research Solutions and Applied Solutions)
also contribute positively to organic sales
V=8"/# &-)-")+)9#+88’ 0)’ F-’ &-

Low positive portfolio effect due to the acquisition)
of BioControl Systems, which generated sales of)
US$ 34 million in 2015

EBITDA)/O’ *

Percentage growth compared with
the previous year in the high single-
1,652.3 digit to low teens range

Positive development resulting)
from expected sales growth

Realization of additional synergies as planned)
from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition amounting to
€ 80 million compared with the previous year

Business free cash flows

Increase in the)
1,144.0 twenties percentage range

Higher EBITDA)/0’)

Improved inventory management

Performance Materials

Net sales

2,510.7 Slight organic growth

Volume increases in all businesses driven,)
+#"&,)"-7°0)-7%&,94)$D)+)0°6"="0D)%&)-7— +)
display market visible since the end of 2016

Continued price decline typical)
for the Liquid Crystals business

Continued initial signs of a normalization)
of our high market shares in the Liquid)
Crystals business cannot be ruled out

EBITDA)/O’ *

1,106.4 Slight increase

Recovery in the display market, broader earnings
$+9’)+&()+6-%= )6"9-)H#+&+,'# &-)6+&)#'"0’)-74+&)
offset the continued price decline in liquid crystals

Business free cash flows

<4@<@?C_ Low double-digit percentage decline

Higher investments in property, plant and equipment,

as well as digitalization initiatives

Corporate and Other

EBITDA)/O’ *<

EBITDA pre of Corporate and Other
should improve slightly in 2017 in
- 396.2 comparison with the previous year.

Business free cash flows

- 484.7 G

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
!"#$ % 8? ()*+&+, # &-).7/"0-)

——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo!

4 #21%31, WRH*O.”10@0,(."!16* AOBICA.,(#..!D#4#BDS+H#C.

109

ee)

Forecast for 2017 in:

Q1/2017 Interim Report

)
Q2/2017 Interim Report

Q3/2017 Interim Report

Results 2017

in! million

Solid organic sales growth

Low portfolio effect due to the
acquisition of BioControl Systems

Solid organic sales growth,)

slightly above expected market
growth of around 4% per year

Solid organic sales growth,)
slightly above expected market
growth of around 4% per year

5,881.5)
(+4.0%:)

+5.3% Organic,)
+0.4% Portfolio,)
-1.7% Currency)

€ ~1,780 million to € 1,850 million

€ ~1,780 million to € 1,850 million

€ ~1,780 million to € 1,850 million

1,785.8)
(+8.1%)

€ ~1,310 million to € 1,380 million

€ ~1,350 million to € 1,440 million

€ ~1,400 million to € 1,490 million

1,401.7)
(+22.5%)

Slight organic sales decline

Slight to moderate)
"0,+&%6)( 68% &’ )%o&)9+8'9

Slight to moderate)
"0,+&%6)( 68% &’ )%o&)9+8'9

2,446.0)
(-2.6%:)
G?CA)HO0,+&%64)
0.0% Portfolio,)
-0.9% Currency)

€ ~1,050 million to € 1,130 million

€ ~950 million to € 1,050 million

€ ~950 million to € 1,050 million

979.8)
(-11.4%)

€ ~ 820 million to € 890 million

€ ~820 million to € 890 million

€ ~820 million to € 890 million

905.8)
(-10.4%)

€ ~-350 million to € —400 million

€ ~-350 million to € —-400 million

€ ~-300 million to € —350 million

-300.5)
(-24.2%)

€ ~-540 million to € —-590 million

€ ~-500 million to € —-550 million

€ ~-450 million to € -500 million

- 437.4)
(-9.8%)

!"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

110

——!"#$ % & 1% (1) *%(G+,*!-%.,’, So!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

Course of Business and

Economic Position
Merck Group

>4H#&4 #7! % 3 IKL

1) Group net sales increase slightly by 2.0% to € 15.3 billion

1) Healthcare and Life Science deliver organic sales growth

1) EBITDA pre of € 4.4 billion nearly meets high year-earlier level

1) 5t 28.8%, Group profitability (EBITDA)/0’)#+0,%&:)0’ #+%&9)+-)+)
high level (2016: 29.9%).

1) U.S. tax reform leads to significant deferred tax income and a corre;
9/"&(%&, increase in profit after tax as well as earnings per share

1) Stable earnings per share pre of € 6.16 (2016: € 6.21).

1) Business free cash flow of € 3.3 billion on a par with year-earlier
figure

1) Net financial liabilities decline by -11.9% to € 10.1 billion (Decem;
ber 31, 2016: € 11.5 billion)

MERCK GRO UV Pn

Key gures
)
'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TEA
Net sales 15,327 15,024 >@> BI@A
Operating result (EBIT: < 2,525 2,481 44 1.8%
Margin (% of net sales)< 16.5% 16.5%
EBITDAs 4,282 4,415 Gx>> GP?@A
Margin (% of net sales)< 27.9% 29.4%
EBITDA)/0’ < 4,414 4,490 -76 GK?CA
Margin (% of net sales)< 28.8% 29.9%
Profit after tax 2,610 1,633 977 59.9%
Earnings per share (€) 5.98 3.75 B?B> 59.5%
Earnings per share pre (€)< 6.16 6.21 -0.05 - 0.8%
Business free cash flows 3,318 3,318 ©) ©)

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!=)8!<67)< !

6=D!")<E78<!>;!>-)"68:>=<

In 2017, net sales of the Merck Group increased by € 303 million or
2.0% to € 15,327 million (2016: € 15,024 million). This increase was
mainly attributable to organic sales growth of € 578 million or 3.8%,
driven by the Healthcare and Life Science business sectors. In 2017,
the stronger euro resulted in negative foreign exchange effects of
-1.5%. In particular, this affected North America due to the exchange

rate development of the U.S. dollar, as well as Asia-Pacific as a result
of negative exchange rate effects from the Chinese renminbi and the
Japanese yen. Acquisitions and divestments caused Group net sales
-"\768%&’)$D) GO.3%. The divestment of the subsidiaries in Pakistan in
December 2016 had a negative impact on net sales of the Healthcare
business sector, whereas the first-time consolidation of BioControl
Systems, Inc., (USA), led to higher sales in Life Science.
!"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-) ———!"#$ % &'!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,%(! i /#&*GIHE GAS 1 1 1

The development of net sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2017 are presented in the
following overview:

MERCK GROUP)

Net sales and organic growth ' by quarter
€ million/organic growth in %

2

Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
2017 —— GI 3,727 3,848
2016 —— (gs 3,724 3,830

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

With organic sales growth of 4.7%, the Healthcare business sector MERCK GROUP)
achieved an increase in sales of € 144 million to € 6,999 million Net sales by business sector — 2017
(2016: € 6,855 million). Consequently, Healthcare remained the € million/% of net sales
strongest business sector in terms of sales with a one percentage 16%)

point higher share of 46% (2016: 45%) of Group sales. In 2017, Life Performance Materials

Science achieved organic sales growth of 5.3%. Including negative 2,446

foreign exchange effects (-1.7%) and acquisition-related sales

9
increases (+0.4%), sales of this business sector rose by € 224 million) Heattheare.
to € 5,882 million (2016: € 5,658 million). In 2017, Life Science 38%) ° 6,999
accounted for an unchanged 38% share of Group sales. Owing to slight —_Life Science
organic sales declines (-1.7%) as well as slight negative exchange 5,882 :
rate effects (-0.9%), the net sales of Performance Materials amounted
to € 2,446 million (2016: € 2,511 million). Consequently, this business
sector accounted for 16% (2016: 17%) of Group net sales.
MERCK GROUP
Net sales components by business sector — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/
€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth ' e"ects divestments Total change
Healthcare 6,999 47% -1.6% GK?@A B2<A
Life Science 5,882 5.3% Gx?CA 0.4% 4.0%
Performance Materials 2,446 GK?CA -0.9% G -2.6%
Merck Group 15,327 3.8 A ASA 0.3 A 20 A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
W"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

112

MERCK GROUP) jE

Net sales by region — 2017
€ million/% of net sales

4%)
Middle East and Africa (MEA:

8%) y,
Latin America 608
1,232
><A )
Europe
4,756
>BA )
Asia-Pacific (535! :
° 25%)
4,921 North America
3,810

In Asia-Pacific, the Group’s largest region in terms of sales, Merck
generated net sales of € 4,921 million in 2017 (2016: € 4,736 million),)
which represents an increase of € 185 million or 3.9%. The very
strong organic growth of 7.3%, which was due to the business per;
formance of the Healthcare and Life Science business sectors, was
partly canceled out by negative foreign exchange effects (—1.8%)
and divestment effects (-1.5%). The contribution to Group sales by
the Asia-Pacific region rose by one percentage point to 32% (2016:
><A:? )

——!"#$ %&?!%(!)* Fo ( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

In 2017, sales in Europe amounted to € 4,756 million (2016:
€ 4,735 million), thus remaining at the year-earlier level. The organic
growth driven by Life Science and Performance Materials was almost
completely offset by negative foreign exchange effects, which were
primarily due to the British pound. As a result, Europe’s share of
Group sales remained unchanged at 31%.

The decrease in net sales in North America by -1.3% to € 3,810 mil;
8%"& 2016: € 3,858 million) was mainly due to the exchange rate
development of the U.S. dollar. The organic sales growth of Life Science
(4.5%) and the decline in sales of Healthcare largely offset each other?)
Consequently, the share of Group sales attributable to North America)
declined to 25% (2016: 26%).

The very positive development of net sales in Latin America resulted
in sales growth of 8.4% to € 1,232 million (2016: € 1,136 million). This
was mainly attributable to the good operating business of Healthcare,
which generated double-digit organic growth rates in the region. In
2017, the share of Group sales attributable to Latin America remained
unchanged at 8%.

In the Middle East and Africa region, the 8.8% increase in sales
to € 608 million (2016: € 559 million) was mainly due to organic
growth in Healthcare, which is the most important business sector
for the region. The share of Group sales attributable to the region
remained unchanged at 4%.

MERCK GROUP) jee

Net sales components by region — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth ' e"ects divestments Total change

Europe 4,756 <?<A -0.8% @2KA 0.4%
North America 3,810 0.5% GB?>A 0.5% GxPA
Asia-Pacific (535! 4,921 C?P>A -1.8% -1.5% 3.9%
Latin America <4B>B 9.1% -0.9% @?BA 8.4%
Middle East and Africa (MEA: 608 9.7% GK?@A @?<A 8.8%
Merck Group 15,327 3.8 A aA5<A 903A 20A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
I"#$ % & ()*+&+, # &-)/"0-)

The consolidated income statement of the Merck Group is as follows:

——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(G+,*!-%.,’, Go!

i /#&*GIHE GAS

113

MERCK GROUP) jee

Consolidated Income Statement

)

'1+&,"

€ million 2017 in % 2016 TEA € million TSA
Net sales 5327 | 100.0% 15,024 100.0% 303 2.0%
Cost of sales -5,320 - 34.7% -5,201 - 34.6% -119 B?>A

"#$% 8? (&)$*+",~” 7 "/$"#$'/-¥/0" 123$*443-45 < 16 $895 16 $:75 1:5 16 $<=>5
Gross pro t 10,007 65.3% 9,823 65.4% 184 1.9%
Marketing and selling expenses -4,702 Gp @?CA -4,526 Gp @?<A -175 3.9%

"#$% 8? (&)$*+"~” 7 "/$"#$'/-*/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ 16 $2=785 !16 $2=@;5 !7A5 16 $<A>5
S(#%&%9-0+-Jo" &) Fl’ &9°9 -930 -6.1% -854 -5.7% -76 8.8%
29° +067)+&()C='8"/#’ &-)6"9-9) -2,140 -14.0% -1,976 Gx>?BA -165 8.3%

"HG % 8? (&)$*+"-”?"/$"#$?/-*/0" 123$*443-45 < 16 AS 16 B5 16 $5 !7=<C>5
H-7’0)"/0+-%&,)’ F/’ &9’9)+&()%o&6"#? 290 1.9% 14 @?2KA 275 J K@@?@A
Operating result ( EBIT )? 2,525 16.5% 2,481 6.5% 44 1.8%
Financial result Gp @@ GB?@A -326 GB?BA 26 -8.0%
Pro t before income tax 2,224 14.5% 2,154 4.3% 70 3.2%
Income tax 386 2.5% -521 -3.5% 907 J K@@?@A
Pro t after tax 2,610 17.0% 1,633 0.9% 977 59.9%
Non-controlling interests Gx@ G@?<A -4 G@?@A -6 JK@@?I@A
Net income 2,600 17.0% 1,629 59.7%

<Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.)
®Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

In 2017, gross profit of the Merck Group increased by € 184 million or
1.9% to € 10,007 million (2016: € 9,823 million). This increase was
due to the Life Science business sector, where gross profit rose by)
€ 315 million, whereas the other two business sectors did not meet
the year-earlier level. The gross margin of the Group, i.e. gross profit
as a percentage of net sales, amounted to 65.3% (2016: 65.4%).

The development of marketing and selling expenses was mainly
influenced by the Healthcare business sector, which reported higher
marketing and selling expenses particularly owing to imminent market)
launches and higher license expenses.

0.8% 972

The increase in Group research and development costs by 8.3% to
€ 2,140 million, which was primarily attributable to the Healthcare
business sector, led to a research spending ratio (research and devel:
opment costs as a percentage of net sales) of 14.0% (2016: 13.2%).
Accounting for 78% of Group R&D spending (2016: 76%), Healthcare
was the most research-intensive business sector of the Merck Group.
W"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

114

MERCK GROUP)

Research and development costs by business sector '— 2017
€ million/in %
<<A
Performance Materials
< 225
<<A
Life Science
241
78%)
Healthcare
.
1,632

‘Not presented: Research and development costs of € 42 million allocated to Corporate and Other.

Other operating expenses and income (net) showed an income
balance of € 290 million in 2017 (2016: € 14 million). The strong
increase resulted primarily from transactions in the Healthcare
business sector. In particular, the gain on the divestment of the
Biosimilars business amounting to € 319 million had an impact. This
gain was eliminated in the calculation of EBITDA pre. Reversals of
impairment losses, the receipt of compensation for future license
payments and the receipt of milestone payments also contributed to
this (see explanations in the section entitled “Healthcare”). Further;
more, this item also includes expenses in connection with the company’s
350th anniversary in 2018. On the occasion of this anniversary, a
promise of a one-time payment as well as a gift in the form of Merck
shares was made to employees. These expenses were also eliminated
during the calculation of EBITDA pre. In 2017, a provision in a mid
double-digit million amount was set up for an ongoing European
Commission antitrust review proceeding relating to the acquisition
of Sigma-Aldrich (see Note (27) “Other provisions” in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). The corresponding negative

——!"#$ %&?!%(!)* Fo ( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

impact on earnings, which was allocable to the Life Science business
sector, was reported under other operating expenses and eliminated
during the calculation of EBITDA pre. Detailed information about the
development and composition of other operating expenses and income
can be found in Note (11) “Other operating income” and Note (12)
“Other operating expenses” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Overall, the development of income and expenses in the Group
income statement led to a 1.8% increase in the operating result
(EBIT), which amounted to € 2,525 million (2016: € 2,481 million).

The improvement in the negative financial result by € 26 million
to € GB00 million (2016: € GB26 million) resulted mainly from
exchange rate gains in connection with the financing activities of the
Group. At € G271 million, the interest result contained in the financial
result was on a par with the previous year (2016: € GBC@#%88%"&:)
(see Note (13) “Financial result” in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

The income balance of € 386 million (2016: expense balance of
€ Gb21 million) under income taxes was due to one-time effects in
connection with tax reform in the United States. The new U.S. tax
regulations led in particular to a reduction in the deferred tax
liabilities of the Merck Group and thus to corresponding deferred tax
income. Further information about income taxes in general and U.S.
tax reform in particular can be found in Note (14) “Income taxes” in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Thanks to the successful operating business and especially owing
to the exceptional tax income in connection with the tax reform in the
United States, the excellent level of net income rose by € 972 million)
or 59.7% to a record level of € 2,600 million (2016: € 1,629 million).
Earnings per share increased accordingly to € 5.98 (2016: € 3.75).

EBITDA)pre, the key financial indicator used to steer operating
business, declined slightly by € G76 million or -1.7% to € 4,414 million)
(2016: € 4,490 million). The resulting EBITDA pre margin thus
decreased by around one percentage point to 28.8% (2016: 29.9%).
The reconciliation of the operating result (EBIT:)-") EBITDA)/0’) %9)
presented in the chapter entitled “Internal Management System”.
!"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in com;
parison with 2016 as well as the respective growth rates are pre;
sented in the following overview:

MERCK GROUP)

EBITDA pre ' and change by quarter 2
€ million/change in %

Ql Q2
2017 ——> @RZ0
2016 ——> Giz

———!"#$ % &'!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,%(!

i /#&*GIHE GAS

115

Q3 Q4
1,076 1,005

1,174 1,075

--@  ®@ @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

The slight decrease in Group EBITDA pre was attributable to the
Healthcare and Performance Materials business sectors. By contrast,
the good business performance of Life Science had a positive effect
on this earnings indicator. Healthcare, which again was the business
sector with the highest EBITDA pre, generated € 1,949 million in 2017)
(2016: € 2,128 million), thus contributing 41% (2016: 43%) of Group)
EBITDA pre (excluding the € —301 million decline due to Corporate
+&(H-7°0:2) EBITDA pre of the Life Science business sector improved
by 8.1% to € 1,786 million (2016: € 1,652 million). Consequently,
the business sector’s share of Group EBITDA)pre rose by 4 percentage
points to 38% (2016: 34%). With an EBITDA pre of € 980 million
(2016: € 1,106 million), the share of this Group key performance
indicator attributable to Performance Materials decreased to 21%
(2016: 23%).

MERCK GROUP)

EBITDA pre ! by business sector
€ million/in %

?— 2017

B<A
Performance Materials
*
980
41%
Healthcare
1,949
38%
Life Science
°
1,786

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
®Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre by € -301 million due to Corporate and Other.
W"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

116

——!"#$ %&?!%(!)* Fo ( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

MERCK GROUP) je

Balance sheet structure

)

)

Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016 '74+&,"
! million in % € million TSA € million TEA

Non-current assets ! 538 166 79.1% 30,589 80.0% —2,423 1.9%
of which:

Goodwill* 13,582 15,015 -1,433

H-7°0)%&-+&, %$8" )+99’ -9 « 8,317 9,980 -1,663

Property, plant and equipment< 4,512 4,231 281

Other non-current assets 1,755 1,363 392
Current assets ! 7,455 20.9% 7,670 20.0% —215 2.8%
of which:

Inventories* 2,632 2,609 B>

Trade accounts receivable 2,923 2,889 34

Current financial assets 90 145 -55

Other current assets< <4BB< 1,087 134

Cash and cash equivalents 589 939 -350
Total assets ! 35,621 100.0% 38,258 100.0% —2,637 6.9%
Equity 14,066 39.5% 14,050 36.7% 16 0.1%
Non-current liabilities ! 12,919 36.3% 15,119 39.5% —2,200 4.5%
of which:

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 2,257 B4><> -56

Other non-current provisions 788 834 -46

Non-current financial liabilities 8,033 8,809 -776

Other non-current liabilities< 1,842 3,163 Gx4>B<
Current liabilities 1 8,635 24.2% 9,089 23.8% —454 5.0%
of which:

Current provisions 414 412 B

Current financial liabilities 2,790 3,788 -997

Trade accounts payable 2,195 2,048 147

Other current liabilities< 3,234 2,841 393
Total liabilities and equity ! 35,621 100.0% 38,258 100.0% —2,637 6.9%

<Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (4) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The total assets of the Merck Group declined in comparison with
December 31, 2016 by € 2,637 million to € 35,621 million (Decem;
ber 31, 2016: € 38,258 million). A significant reason for this was the
development of the euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate. In particular,
intangible assets, which for the most part are carried in U.S. dollars,
declined sharply owing to the weaker U.S. dollar. The development of
other non-current liabilities was mainly due to the decline in deferred
tax liabilities included in this item. Owing to new U.S. tax reform

legislation, deferred taxes were remeasured using modified tax rates.
The resulting decrease in deferred tax liabilities led to corresponding
tax income and consequently to an improvement in net income (see
Note (14) “Income taxes” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

The slight reduction in working capital to € 3,387 million (2016:
€ 3,488 million) was due mainly to the increase in trade accounts
/+D+$8’?)
!"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-) ———!"#$ % &'!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,%(! i /#&*GIHE GAS 1 17

MERCK GROUP) je

1

Working capital
)

'7+&,"
€ million Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016 € million TEA
Trade accounts receivable 9923 2,889 34 <2BA
Receivables from royalties and licenses 28 38 -9 - 25.0%
Inventories® 2,632 2,609 B> 0.9%
Trade accounts payable -2,195 - 2,048 -147 C?BA
Working capital 12 3,387 3,488 —100 2.9%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (4) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The composition and the development of net financial debt were as
follows:

MERCK GROUP) jee

Net nancial debt '
)

'7+&,"
€ million Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016 € million TEA
Bonds and commercial paper 8,213 9,650 -1,437 -14.9%
Bank loans 1,653 1,978 -325 -16.4%
Liabilities to related parties 767 758 <@ <DA
Loans from third parties and other financial liabilities [eb 80 Gc -8.6%
Liabilities from derivatives (financial transactions) <<> 128 -16 GxB?BA
K%&+&6’ 8" +9’ )8%+$%8%-%’9 4 4 Ge@ GxK?>A
Financial liabilities 10,823 12,597 1,774 14.1%

less
Cash and cash equivalents 589 939 -350 GPCc?>)A
Current financial assets 90 145 -55 - 37.8 %

Net nancial debt ' 10,144 11,513 1,369 S19 A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

MERCK GROUP) jee

Reconciliation of net nancial debt '

€ million 2017 2016

January 1 11,513 12,654

Currency translation difference -429 118
Dividend payments to shareholders and to E. Merck® 624 600
Acquisitions® <C 156
Payments from the disposal of assets held for sale and from other divestments?® -167 -366
Free cash flows -1,433 -1,693
H-7’°0 19 44
December 31 10,144 11,513

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
8 According to the consolidated cash flow statement.
!"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

118

The equity of the Merck Group rose slightly in 2017 to € 14,066 million
(December 31, 2016: € 14,050 million). The very strong level of profit
after tax amounting to € 2,610 million (2016: € 1,633 million) was
offset by currency translation differences from the translation of
assets held in foreign currencies into euro, dividend payments, and
the profit transfer to E. Merck KG (see “Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income” and “Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Net Equity” in the Consolidated Financial Statements). The lower
level of total assets and the slight increase in equity led to an
improvement in the equity ratio by nearly 3 percentage points to
39.5% (December 31, 2016: 36.7%).

——!"#$ % & 1% (1) *%(G+,*!-%.,’, So!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

The increase in cash inflows from operating activities served among
other things to finance the strong investing activity of the Group.
Consequently, free cash flow decreased to € 1,433 million (2016:
€ 1,693 million). The composition as well as the development of the
relevant items are presented in the following table:

MERCK GROUP)

Free cash ow '

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TEA
Cash flow from operating activities according to the cash flow statement 2,696 2,518 178 C?<A
Payments for investments in intangible assets -392 Gx>B -260 J x@@?@A
Payments from the disposal of intangible assets 4 B B J xK@@?@A
Payments for investments in property, plant and equipment -919 -716 GB@> 28.4%
Payments from the disposal of property, plant and equipment 44 B< B> J K@@?@A
Free cash ow ! 1,433 1,693 —260 5.4%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group was € 3,318 million in
2017, which met the previous year’s figure. The slight decline in
EBITDA pre as well as higher capital spending were primarily offset
by the development of receivables. The composition of this financial
indicator is presented in the combined management report under
“Internal Management System”.

MERCK GROUP)

Business free cash ow
€ million/change in %

' and change by quarter >

Ql
2017 —— Gao

2016 ——* Qe

The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual
quarters and the percentage changes in comparison with 2016 were
as follows:

1,085

--@ 0 @qe  @q —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
I"#$ % & ()*+&+, # &-)/"0-)

MERCK GROUP)

Business free cash ow ? — 2017

€ million/in %

' by business sector

24%
Performance Materials

106
> 39%

Healthcare
1,448
>CA
Life Science
*
1,402

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
®Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow by € -437 million due to Corporate
+&()H-7°0?

The contributions of the operating business sectors to business free
cash flow of the Group developed in 2017 as follows: Healthcare
generated business free cash flow amounting to € 1,448 million (2016:
€ 1,648 million). Consequently, with a 39% share (2016: 43%) of
Group business free cash flow (excluding the decline of € G437 million
due to Corporate and Other) Healthcare was once again the business
sector with the highest cash flows as per the definition of this key
performance indicator. In 2017, the Life Science business sector
achieved a further increase in the previous year’s strong level by
22.5% to € 1,402 million (2016: € 1,144 million), thus increasing its
share of Group business free cash flow to 37% (2016: 30%). Perfor;
mance Materials contributed € 906 million (2016: € 1,011 million) to
this Group financial indicator, equivalent to 24% (2016: 27%).

——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(G+,*!-%.,’, Go!

i /#&*GIHE GAS

119

The investments in property, plant, equipment and software as well
as advance payments for intangible assets included in the calculation
of business free cash flow increased in 2017 by 21.9% to a total of
€ 1,047 million (2016: € 859 million). The investments in property,
plant and equipment included therein amounted to € 936 million in
2017 (2016: € 753 million), of which € 438 million (2016: € 332 million))
was attributable to strategic investment projects each with a project
volume of more than € 2 million; the remainder was attributable to
smaller investment projects.

In 2017, strategic investments of € 212 million were made to
expand the Darmstadt site. Of this amount, € 76 million was used
to upgrade global headquarters; the projects include an Innovation
Center and an employee cafeteria, among other things. In addition,
a new sampling center for regulated products was constructed for
€ 10 million. In the Healthcare business sector, investments included
€ 33 million in a new laboratory building for pharmaceutical research
and € 28 million in a new packaging center.

Outside Germany, high levels of strategic investment were also
made. Particularly in China, both the Healthcare and Life Science
business sectors invested € 25 million and € 26 million, respectively,
in new production facilities. Furthermore, the Performance Materials
business sector invested € 12 million in the Netherlands to construct a
production facility for the manufacture of liquid crystal window modules.

Our credit ratings from the independent rating agencies did not change)
in 2017. Merck is currently rated by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and
Scope. Standard & Poor’s has issued a long-term credit rating of A
with a stable outlook, Moody’s a rating of Baai with a stable outlook,
and Scope a rating of A-, likewise with a stable outlook. An overview
of the development of our rating in recent years is presented in the
Report on Risks and Opportunities.

The development of key balance sheet figures is as follows:

MERCK GROUP)

Key balance sheet gures

TORN Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016< Dec. 31, 2015 Dec. 31, 2014 2°6?)><4)B@<>
Equit

Equity ratio® quty 39.5% 36.7% 33.8% 45.4% 53.2%
Total assets
Non-current assets 0

599° -)0+-%" ® 79.1% 80.0% 80.7% 59.7% 64.5%
Total assets
Equit

599°-)6"="04, 8B quty 49.9% 45.9% 41.8% 76.0% 82.4%
Non-current assets

Current liabilities
Finance structure® 40.1% 37.5% >C2BA 46.5% 40.0%

Liabilities (total)

<Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (4) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

®Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
W"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

120

>M)"677!6<<)<</)=8!>;!CE<:=)<<!-)";>"/6=9) !
6=D!)9>=>/:9!<:8E68:>=

Fiscal 2017 was a year of challenges and one that opened up numerous)
new opportunities for the future with the approvals of Bavencio® }+}&()
*4=’&68+( ©. Key strategic intentions were implemented or introduced.)
The financial targets that we had set ourselves for 2017 were
achieved. Moderate organic growth enabled Group net sales to
increase to € 15,327 million (2016: € 15,024 million). In 2017,
EBITDA pre amounted to € 4,415 million (2016: € 4,490 million),
which meant we almost reached the very good year-earlier figure.
With an EBITDA)pre margin of 28.8% (2016: 29.9%), our profitability)
remains at a notable level even though the Healthcare and Performance)
Materials business sectors contended with challenges. We also made
progress with the reduction of net financial debt: Despite our high
capital spending, we lowered our debt by € G1,369 #%88%"&?)!"&9?
quently, net financial debt amounted to € 10,144 million on Decem;
$0 )><4 2017 (December 31, 2016: € 11,513 million).

With the approvals of Bavencio® + &()*+=’&68+( =, our Healthcare
business sector achieved major milestones. The steady further devel;
opment of the promising pipeline remains a high priority. This was
reflected by an above-average increase in research and development
costs. In 2017, the divestment of the Biosimilars business closed and
the company announced it is reviewing strategic options for the
Consumer Health business.

——!"#$ %&?!%(!)* Fo ( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

i /#&*GIHR GAS

The business performance of Life Science was very successful and
we are excellently positioned for the future. Performance Materials
was adversely affected by the market development in the Liquid
Crystals business. The business sector is intensively working to con;
solidate our position at a continued high level.

The good key balance sheet figures, which improved further in
2017, illustrate the solid finance policy being pursued by the Merck
Group. For instance, the equity ratio rose to 39.5% (2016: 36.7%)
and has thus reached a very good level. We will continue to assign
high priority to the rapid reduction of our financial liabilities. In 2017,
there were no changes to our credit ratings by the independent
rating agencies Standard & Poor’s (A with a stable outlook), Moody’s
(Baal with a stable outlook) and Scope (A- with a stable outlook).

Based on our solid net assets and financial position as well as
successful business performance, the economic position of the Merck
Group can be assessed positively overall. It represents a good foun;
dation for the promising further development of our businesses.
W"#$ % & ()*+&+,’#° &-).°/"0-)

Healthcare

——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(Gr,*!-%.,”, Go!

—!5#0B N*0&#

121

HEALTHCARE) jee

Key gures
)
'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TBA
Net sales 6,999 6,855 144 B?<A
Operating result (EBIT: < 1,447 1,593 -146 -9.2%
Margin (% of net sales)< B@?CA B>2?BA
EBITDA* 2,155 2,425 -269 Gx<?<A
Margin (% of net sales)< 30.8% 35.4%
EBITDA)/O’ *< 1,949 2,128 -179 -8.4%
Margin (% of net sales)< 27.9% ><2@A
Business free cash flows 1,448 1,648 GB@@ G*B?<A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!=)8!<67)< !

6=D!")<E78<!>;! $-)"68:>=<

In 2017, the Healthcare business sector generated organic sales
growth of 4.7%. Negative foreign exchange effects of Gl.6% anda
negative portfolio effect of Gl.0% resulted in overall sales growth of
2.1%. Consequently, net sales amounted to € 6,999 million (2016:
€ 6,855 million). In the Biopharma business, organic sales growth
was especially attributable to medicines from the General Medicine
franchise (including CardioMetabolic Care), first and foremost
Glucophage® , Euthyrox® )+&()!"&6"0 ©. The Consumer Health business
also delivered very strong organic growth. By contrast, sales of the
two top-selling products, the multiple sclerosis medicine Rebif® )+&()
the oncology drug Erbitux®, declined organically. The negative
exchange rate effects resulted mainly from the decline in the value

of the U.S. dollar, the Chinese renminbi and the British pound. The
divestment of the business in Pakistan at the end of 2016, which
primarily affected sales in the General Medicine franchise (including
CardioMetabolic Care), led to a portfolio effect of Gxk?@A?)!"##%99%"&)

income, which is also included in net sales, dropped by G53.4% to
€ 83 million (2016: € 178 million). This was especially attributable
to the takeover of the Glucophage’ commercialization rights in China
from Bristol-Myers Squibb at the beginning of 2017. In the past,
Healthcare recorded exclusively commission income for Glucophage )
sales in China. Since the beginning of 2017, the business sector no
longer reports commission income for this product, but rather the
corresponding sales for Glucophage” in China. In return, license pay;

ments are made to Bristol-Myers Squibb.
W"#$ % & ()*+&+,°#° &-)./"0-)

122

The development of net sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2017 are presented in the
following overview:

HEALTHCARE)

Net sales and organic growth
€ million/organic growth in %)

‘by quarter?

Ql Q

2017 —— 1,735

2016 ——* 1,646

——!"#$ % & "1% (!)*%(Gt,*!-%.,”, Go!

—!5#0B’ N*0&#

Q3 Q4
1,708 1,773

1,689 1,766

--@  ®--@  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

HEALTHCARE)

Net sales by region — 2017
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector

CA )
Middle East and Africa (MEA:
A ) 7,
Latin America 500
922
36%)
Europe
2,502
B>A )
Asia-Pacific (535! :
1,581
BXA )
North America
1,494

Europe, which accounts for 36% of Healthcare sales (2016: 37%)

and is the business sector’s largest region in terms of sales, saw an

organic sales decline of Gl.4% and generated net sales of € 2,502 mil;

lion (2016: € 2,555 million). This was particularly due to the difficult

competitive situation and further price reductions for Rebif® ?)Sales

of Erbitux® and Gonal-f® also declined organically, the latter being due

to the unusually strong growth in 2016. The organic sales growth of
the Consumer Health business as well as initial sales of Mavenclad® 4)
which was approved in 2017, could only partly compensate for this

(7=°8" HP &-2)H=’04884)&’-)9+8°9)(’60' +9’ ()$D) GB2<A?

Asia-Pacific, the second-largest region in terms of sales, generated
organic growth of 20.5%, contributing 23% to the business sector’s
net sales (2016: 21%). This was mainly due to the changed business
model for Glucophage’ marketing in China as of January 1, 2017.
The business with fertility medicines, including Gonal-f® , as well as the
Consumer Health business generated double-digit organic growth in
some cases. A portfolio effect of G4.7% resulted from the divestment
of our business activities in Pakistan. Including currency headwinds of
G2.8%, net sales in the region amounted to € 1,581 million (2016:
€ 1,399 million).

In North America, net sales amounted to € 1,494 million (2016:
€ 1,601 million). The organic decline of G4.5% was mainly driven by
the development of Gonal-f*, which had benefited from a favorable
competitive situation in the previous year. Moreover, the difficult
competitive situation for Rebif® and the organic sales decline of
Saizen® contributed to this development. Besides double-digit
organic growth of other fertility medicines, initial sales of Bavencio® )
also had a positive effect. This immuno-oncology medicine was
approved in the United States for the treatment of metastatic Merkel
6°88) 6+06%&" #+) %&) *+067) B@<C)+&() +(=+&6’()$8-+((’0)6+&6’0) %&) *+D)
2017. Including negative exchange rate effects of G2.2%, the region’s)
share of Healthcare sales was 21% (2016: 23%).
W"#$ % &()*+&+,# &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(Gr,*!-%.,”, Go! ——!5#0B'N*0&# 1 23

In Latin America, where organic sales growth amounted to 11.1%, |The Middle East and Africa region generated net sales of € 500 mil;

net sales of € 922 million significantly exceeded the year-earlier level lion (2016: € 461 million). Organic sales growth of 10.4% resulted
(2016: € 839 million). Organic sales growth in all businesses and mainly from the development of fertility medicines, Euthyrox® )+&()
therapeutic areas, especially for Erbitux®, Euthyrox® and with core !"&6"0 =, as well as double-digit organic sales growth of the Consumer
strategic brands in the Consumer Health business, led to this devel; Health business.

opment. Including negative exchange rate effects of Gx?@A4)-7’)
region’s share of Healthcare sales increased to 13% (2016: 12%).

HEALTHCARE) ee

Net sales components by region — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth 1 e"ects divestments Total change
Europe 2,502 -1.4% G@?CA G@?<A GB?<A
North America 1,494 -4.5% GB?BA G -6.7%
Asia-Pacific (535! : 1,581 20.5% -2.8% -4.7% <>2@A
Latin America 922 <<?<A Gx?@A G@?<A <@?2@A
Middle East and Africa (MEA: 500 10.4% -1.9% G 8.5%
Healthcare 6,999 47 A H46A A0A 21A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:
1 IA W#$ % & *+& +, # &-)/"0-) ——!"#$ % & "1% (!)*%(Gt,*!-%.,”, Go!

Net sales and organic growth rates of the key products developed in
2017 as follows:

HEALTHCARE)

Product sales and organic growth !
€ million/Organic growth in %)

——!5#0B'N*0&#

2017
1,611
Rebif *
1,741
2016
853
Erbitux * *
Gonal-f * *
Glucophage *
388
444
Concor * *
431
Euthyrox *
332
Neurobion "7 *
286
Saizen *

270

xR

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Including Neurobion® , Dolo-Neurobion® 4)2’F+$%"& © )+&()1+=%&(" = 2
WHS %&’ ()*+ 8+, # &-).'/"0-)

Sales of the drug Rebif® , which is used to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis, saw an organic sales decline of G5.5% in 2017.

Including negative exchange rate effects of G2.0%, sales of
€ 1,611 million were recorded (2016: € 1,741 million). The organic
decline was primarily attributable to performance in the main sales
markets, namely North America and Europe. Generating 63% of
sales (2016: 61%), North America remained the most important
sales market for Rebif® despite an organic decline in sales of G>?BA?)
Price increases in the United States at the beginning of 2017 and in

August could not offset declining sales volumes. Including negative
foreign exchange effects of G2.3%, sales in the region amounted to
€ 1,012 million (2016: € 1,071 million). In Europe, both price reduc;

tions and continued competitive pressure led to an organic sales
decline of Gl2.1%. This resulted in sales of € 456 million (2016:

€ 524 million), reflecting a decline in the region’s contribution to total

Rebif® sales to 28% (2016: 30%). The other regions, namely Latin

America, Middle East and Africa, and Asia-Pacific, generated sales of
€ 142 million (2016: € 145 million). They once again generated a 9%)
share of Rebif® sales (2016: 9%).

——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(Gr,*!-%.,”, Go!

—!5#0B N*0&#

125

Including a slight organic sales decline of Gx?>A}H#+&()&’ ,+-%=’) F67+&,’)
rate effects of Gl.7%, sales of the oncology medicine Erbitux® )
amounted to € 853 million (2016: € 880 million). In Europe, the
top-selling region for Erbitux® 4)9+8°9)’60’+9’()"0,+&%6+88D)$D) GA.2%.
This development was mainly due to compulsory price reductions in
several countries as well as to the difficult competitive situation.
Sales in Europe amounted to € 447 million (2016: € 470 million).
Consequently, the region’s share of total Erbitux® )9+8’9)(’68%&’()-")
52% (2016: 54%). The Asia-Pacific region saw an organic sales
decline of G3.3% and contributed 31% to sales (2016: 32%).
Together with negative exchange rate effects of G2.5%, sales
amounted to € 263 million (2016: € 280 million). Double-digit
organic growth of 23.6% in Latin America led to sales of € 87 million
(2016: € 73 million), lessening the impact of the sales decline in the
other regions despite negative foreign exchange effects of -5.1%.
At € 56 million, sales in the Middle East and Africa region were at
the previous year’s level (2016: € 56 million). Organic growth of
0.6% was canceled out by exchange rate effects of Gx?<A?

HEALTHCARE) jee

Sales and organic growth ' of Rebif * and Erbitux * by region — 2017

Asia-Paci c Middle East and

Total Europe North America (APAC ) Latin America Africa (| MEA)

€ million 1,611 456 <4@<B 14 67 61

Rebif® Organic growth*)%&aA) -5.5% GxB?<A Gp?BA -1.9% 12.6% -7.6%
% of sales <@@A 28% 63% <A 4% 4%

€ million 853 447 G 263 87 56

Erbitux® Organic growths)%A) Gk? A -4.2% G GPprA 23.6% 0.6%
% of sales <@@A 52% G ><A <@A CA

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

With Gonal-f* , the leading recombinant hormone used in the treat;

ment of infertility, the Healthcare business sector generated sales of
€ 704 million and was thus significantly below the year-earlier level

(2016: € 753 million). The organic sales decline of G4.6% resulted

primarily from performance in North America and Europe. The strong

year-earlier sales in North America were due to a favorable competitive)
situation. Positive, and in some cases double-digit, organic growth

in the regions Asia-Pacific as well as Middle East and Africa offset this
development. By contrast, exchange rates had a negative impact of)
G1.8%.

In the Endocrinology franchise, net sales of € 383 million were
below the year-earlier level (2016: € 404 million) due to a slight
organic sales decline of G2.3% and a negative exchange rate effect of
G2.1%. Sales of the growth hormone Saizen® , the top-selling product
in the franchise, amounted to € 259 million (2016: € 270 million).
This was attributable to both an organic sales decline of GB?<A)+&()
a negative exchange rate effect of GB?@A?

The General Medicine franchise (including CardioMetabolic Care),
which commercializes products to treat cardiovascular diseases, thyroid

disorders and diabetes, among other things, generated organic growth
of 16.4%. Including currency headwinds of Gx?>A)+&()+)&’,+-%=’)
portfolio effect of GB.2%, net sales amounted to € 1,925 million (2016:
€ 1,720 million). Double-digit organic growth was due in particular to
the performance of Glucophage®, which is used in the treatment of
diabetes. Sales of Glucophage® grew organically by 74.7% and
included the effect of the takeover of the Glucophage® marketing rights
in China from Bristol-Myers Squibb. Including an exchange rate impact
of G2.0% and a portfolio effect of Gl.8%, net sales of this diabetes
treatment increased to € 662 million (2016: € 388 million). Euthyrox® 4)
a medicine to treat thyroid disorders, delivered double-digit organic
growth of 12.4% in 2017 and generated sales of € 370 million (2016:
€ 332 million). Organic growth in all regions, above all the markets in
Asia-Pacific and Latin America, contributed to this development.
y'&6"0 =, a beta-blocker, grew organically by 5.6%. Including currency
headwinds (-0.9%) and a portfolio effect (G1.5%), sales amounted to
€ 444 million (2016: € 431 million). The portfolio effect in General
Medicine (including CardioMetabolic Care) resulted mainly from the
divestment of our business in Pakistan at the end of 2016.
W"#$ % & ()*+&+,°#° &-)./"0-)

126

In 2017, the Consumer Health business, which markets over-the-
counter pharmaceuticals, generated organic growth in all main sales
regions totaling 7.6%. Including currency headwinds of GO.5% and
a portfolio effect of Gl.0%, net sales of the business amounted to
€911 million (2016: € 860 million). The global core strategic brands

——!"#$ % & "1% (!)*%(Gt,*!-%.,”, Go!

—!5#0B’ N*0&#

contributed significantly to this development, particularly Neurobion® )
and Nasivin® , as well as the regional brand Vigantol® , which is primarily)
marketed in Europe.

The results of operations developed as follows:

HEALTHCARE) jee

Results of operations

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 in % 2016 TSA € million TEA
Net sales 6.999 100.0% 6,855 100.0% 144 2.1%
Cost of sales -1,587 GBB?CA Gx4>CC GB@?<A GB<< 15.3%
"#$% 8? (&)$*+",~” 7 "/$"#$'/-¥/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ !6 $5 16 $5 1695 !D $==<=>5
Gross pro t 5,412 71.3% 5,478 79.9% —67 A2%
Marketing and selling expenses GB4CBB - 38.9% -2,587 GpC?CA -135 5.2%
"HG % 8? (&)$*+" 7 "/$ "#8? /-*/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ 16 AA:5S !6 ACAS 185 16 $<@>5
S(#%&%9-0+-%"&) F/’ &9’9 -299 -4.3% GBC@ -3.9% -29 <@?CA
29° +067)+& (C= 8"/#? &-)6"9-9 -1,632 GB>?>A -1,496 -21.8% -136 9.1%
"#$ Fo8’ (&)$*+" 7 "/$ "#8? /-*/0" 123$*4.43-45 ‘ 16 $5 16 $5 165 $ 165$
H-7’0)"/0+-%&,)’ F/’ &9’9)+&()%&6"#? 688 9.8% 468 6.8% BB@ 47.0%
Operating result ( EBIT )? 1,447 20.7% 1,593 23.2% —146 9.2%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/)
reversals of impairment losses 708 <@?2KA 831 <B?<A GxB> -14.8%
!"#$% &’ (&)$* EFG4-+3/-45 16 A75 !875 16$;;5  !DG$==<=>5
EBITDA ? 2,155 30.8% 2,425 35.4% —269 1.1%
Restructuring costs 40 <B 28 JxX@@?@A
Integration costs/IT costs 28 18 <@ 54.3%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses -316 Gp>@ <> -4.1%
Acquisition-related adjustments G G G G
Other adjustments 42 > 39 J K@@?@A
EBITDA pre ? 1,949 27.9% 2,128 31.0% A79 8.4%

<Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.)
8Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

Gross profit of the Healthcare business sector decreased slightly in
2017 and amounted to € 5,412 million (2016: € 5,478 million). At
77.3%, the resulting gross margin was below the previous year’s
figure (2016: 79.9%).

The increase in marketing and selling expenses related mainly to the
market launches of Mavenclad® and Bavencio®. This item again
included license expenses payable to Bristol-Myers Squibb as of the
beginning of 2017 owing to the takeover of the commercialization
rights to Glucophage )%&)!7%&+?
W"#$ % & ()*+&+,’#° &-).°/"0-)

Research and development costs amounted to € 1,632 million (2016:

€ 1.496 million); the resulting research spending ratio increased to
23.3% (2016: 21.8%). This development was mainly due to higher
investments in the Biopharma pipeline. Furthermore, 2016 was posi;

tively impacted by the release of provisions amounting to € 57 million.)
These were originally set up in connection with the termination of
clinical development projects in previous years.

The development of other operating expenses and income was
due to multiple effects in both 2017 and 2016. For instance, license
income, which is reported under other operating income, included
the milestone payments for the approval of Bavencio®. In 2017, the
medicine was approved in the indication Merkel cell carcinoma in the
United States, the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechten;
stein, Norway, Japan, and Canada, as well as for the treatment of
urothelial carcinoma in the United States. This item also still included
higher royalty income from Avonex® }+-&()38’,0%(D * (both Biogen Inc.)
due to the additional patent granted in the United States in June 2016)
as well as income from an agreement on a one-time payment for
future license payments at the beginning of 2017. The gain on the
divestment of the Biosimilars business in August 2017 amounting to

HEALTHCARE)

EBITDA pre ' and change by quarter
€ million/change in %

2016 —— 508

——!"#$ % & 1% (!)* %(Gr,*!-%.,”, Go!

—!5#0B N*0&#

127

€ 319 million also had a significant effect on other operating expenses
and income. The previous year was also positively influenced by the
, ain on returning the rights to Kuvan® to BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.,
USA (€ 330 million). Both effects were eliminated in the calculation of
EBITDA pre. The following impairment loss reversals and impairment
losses were also included in other operating expenses and income:
The reversal of the impairment loss on the intangible asset for cladri-
bine tablets in 2017 owing to the regulatory approval of Mavenclad' )
amounted to € 17 million. In addition, an impairment loss recorded
in 2011 on the biopharmaceutical production facility in Corsier-sur-
Vevey, Switzerland, was reversed in the amount of € 69 million.)*"0"
over, 2017 included an impairment loss of € 33 million on the co-
commercialization right for Xalkori® . In 2016, this co-commercialization)
right was already impaired by € 71 million.

After eliminating depreciation, amortization, impairments and
reversals of impairment losses as well as adjustments, EBITDA)/0’)
decreased to € 1,949 million (2016: € 2,128 million). This led to a
margin relative to sales of 27.9% (2016: 31.0%).

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2016 is presented in the following overview:

453 384

565 497

-@ ®- qe  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.)
1 28 W"#$ % & ()*+&+,°#° &-)./"0-) ——!"#$ % &?!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,(! —!5#0B’ N*0&#

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!CE<:=)<<!;"))!96<5!;7>F

In 2017, business free cash flow amounted to € 1,448 (2016:)
€ 1,648 million). The lower level in comparison with the previous
year was mainly due to the decline in EBITDA pre. In addition, higher
capital spending contributed to the decline in this key figure, whereas
the development of receivables had a positive impact.

HEALTHCARE) }

Business free cash ow '

)

'14+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TEA
EBITDAY/O’ < 1,949 2,128 -179 -8.4%
Investments in property, plant and equipment,)
software as well as advance payments for intangible assets -411 - 348 -63 18.0%
'174+&, 9) %&)%&=’ &-"0%'9 -39 -38 GB 5.0%
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -51 -94 43 -45.6%
Business free cash ow ! 1,448 1,648 —200 12.1%
<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters
in comparison with 2016 is presented in the following overview:
HEALTHCARE)
Business free cash ow ' and change by quarter >
€ million/change in %)

Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
2017 —— (ERG 366 259
2016 ——o @ezw 543 341

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
!"#$ % & ()*+&+, # &-).7/"0-)

Life Science

——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo!

TSS HE

129

LIFE SCIENCE)

Key gures
)
'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TBA
Net sales 5,882 5,658 224 4.0%
Operating result (EBIT: < 834 556 BCC 49.8%
Margin (% of net sales)< 14.2% 9.8%
EBITDA* 1,580 1,378 B@B 14.6%
Margin (% of net sales)< 26.9% 24.4%
EBITDA)/O’ *< 1,786 1,652 134 8.1%
Margin (% of net sales)< 30.4% 29.2%
Business free cash flows 1,402 1,144 258 22.5%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!=)8!<67)< !

6=D!")<E78<!>;! $-)"68:>=<

In 2017, Life Science posted organic sales growth of 5.3%, partially
offset by negative foreign exchange effects of Gl.7%. The acquisition
of BioControl Systems in December 2016 contributed 0.4% to net
sales. Including these effects, net sales rose overall by 4.0% to
€ 5,882 million (2016: € 5,658 million). All three business units
contributed favorably to the organic sales growth of the Life Science
business sector in 2017. Process Solutions generated organic sales

LIFE SCIENCE)

Net sales and organic growth
€ million/organic growth in %

' by quarter?

Ql Q
2017 —— @RSI

2016 ——*

growth of 8.0% attributable to high demand across the portfolio and
was thus again the main driver of growth in Life Science in 2017.
Applied Solutions continued to perform well, posting organic growth
of 4.7%. The Research Solutions business unit reported an organic
sales increase of 3.0%.

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison
with 2016 as well as the respective organic growth rates are presented)
in the following graph:

Q3 Q4
1,408

1,496

-@ 0 eo @q —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
W"#$% &? ()*+&+, # &-).7/"0-)

130

LIFE SCIENCE)

Net sales by region — 2017
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector

5%) BA )
Latin America Middle East and Africa (MEA:
273 pe 98
24%) 34%)
Asia-Pacific (535! : Europe
1,395 2,022

35%)
North America

2,093

From a geographic perspective, all regions contributed positively to
the organic sales growth of Life Science.

North America remained the largest region for the Life Science
business sector, accounting for 35% (2016: 36%) of net sales. It
posted organic sales growth of 4.5%, driven by a 6.7% increase in
Process Solutions. Research Solutions and Applied Solutions also
demonstrated positive growth dynamics with 2.7% and 3.4% growth,
respectively. In 2017, Research Solutions benefited from improved
customer demand and initial sales synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich
acquisition as well as from a weak comparative basis in 2016. Applied
Solutions continued its positive development, particularly owing to
good demand in Analytics and Biomonitoring. Overall, net sales in
North America rose to € 2,093 million (2016: € 2,031 million).

——!"#$ % &?!%(!)* %( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

TS

Europe, Life Science’s second largest geographic market, generated
organic net sales growth of 3.9% in 2017 with positive performance
across most of the portfolio. Having already generated strong growth
in 2016, Process Solutions and Research Solutions continued to perform)
well in 2017, generating good organic growth rates of 4.3% and
3.8%, respectively. Overall, sales increased to € 2,022 million (2016:
€ 1,960 million) equating to a contribution of 34% (2016: 35%) of
the business sector’s net sales in 2017.

Within Asia-Pacific, sales grew organically by 8.2% with all busi;
&’99°9) contributing favorably. The largest contributor was Process
Solutions with 17.6% organic sales growth driven by Upstream &
Systems as well as Filtration & Chromatography. Net sales in Asia-
Pacific rose to € 1,395 million (2016: € 1,324 million) representing
an overall contribution of 24% (2016: 23%) to the business sector.

In Latin America, Life Science reported organic growth of 6.3%,
primarily driven by the double-digit growth in Applied Solutions,
especially Lab Water and Biomonitoring. Net sales in the region
increased to € 273 million (2016: € 256 million) accounting for 5%
of the business sector’s net sales (2016: 4%), a slight increase over
2016.

The Middle East and Africa region posted strong organic sales
growth of 8.7%. Net sales in the region grew to € 98 million (2016:
€ 87 million) representing 2% (2016: 2%) of Life Science net sales
%&)B@<C?

LIFE SCIENCE)

Net sales components by region — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth ' e"ects divestments Total change

Europe B4@BB 3.9% Gx?@A @?P>A >2BA
North America 2,093 4.5% -2.5% <2@A >2@A
Asia-Pacific (535! : 1,395 8.2% GB?>A -0.5% 5.4%
Latin America BC> 6.3% G@?CA <?BA 6.8%
Middle East and Africa (MEA: 98 8.7% >2BA 0.4% <B?P>A
Life Science 5,882 53 A A7A 04 A 40 A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

The Process Solutions business unit, which markets products and
services for the entire pharmaceutical production value chain, gener;
ated organic sales growth of 8.0% in 2017. Following restrained
organic sales growth in the first half of the year, demand from several
major accounts increased slightly towards year-end. By contrast,
demand from regional accounts developed very well throughout 2017.

<Previous year’s figures have been adjusted due to an internal realignment.

Net sales for this business unit increased by a total of 6.0% to
€ 2,241 million (2016*: € 2,115 million). The share of sales generated
by Process Solutions represented 38% (2016: 37%) of Life Science
net sales. All Process Solutions businesses contributed to this strong
performance.
!"#$ % & ()*+&+, # &-).7/"0-)

The Research Solutions business unit, which provides products and
services to support life science research for pharmaceutical, biotech;
&"8",D) +&() +6+(?#%6) 0’ 9’ +067) 8+$"0+4-"0% 94) /"9-’ ()"0,+8&%6) 9+8'9)
growth of 3.0% in 2017. In addition to initial sales synergies from
the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich, Lab & Specialty Chemicals was the
key driver of net sales growth for Research Solutions, which increased
to € 2,066 million (2016: € 2,045 million), representing 35% (2016:
36%) of the business sector’s net sales.

<Previous year’s figures have been adjusted due to an internal realignment.

——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo!

TSS

131

The Applied Solutions business unit generated organic sales growth
of 4.7% with its broad range of products for researchers as well as
scientific and industrial laboratories. Including exchange rate and
portfolio effects, net sales rose to € 1,575 million (2016<: € 1,498 mil;
lion) representing 27% (2016: 27%) of the business sector’s net
sales. The sales performance of Applied Solutions was driven by all
business fields except Biosystems & Regulated Materials.

LIFE SCIENCE) jee

Net sales components by business unit — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth ' e"ects divestments Total change

Process Solutions 2,241 8.0% GB?@A G@?<A 6.0%
Research Solutions 2,066 >I@A -1.6% G@?>A <?@A
Applied Solutions 1,575 4.7% -1.6% 1.9% 5.1%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

The results of operations developed as follows:

LIFE SCIENCE) jee

Results of operations

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 in % 2016 TSA € million TBA
Net sales 5 882 100.0% 5,658 100.0% 224 4.0%
Cost of sales - 2,588 -44.0% -2,679 -47.4% 92 - 3.4%
"H#$ FB’ (&)$*+" ~~? "/$"H#$?/-*/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ 16 €=5 16€£@5 !@5 16 B<B>5
Gross pro t 3,294 56.0% 2,978 52.6% 315 10.6%
Marketing and selling expenses Gi,734 -29.5% -1,706 Gp @?<A -28 1.6%
"HG % 8? (&)$*+" ~~? "/$"#$?/-*/0" 123$*443-45 < !6 BBAS 16 BA@5S 1:5 16 $<9>5
S(#%&I%9-0+-Jo" &) Fl’ &9°9 -261 -4.4% - 248 -4.4% Gx> 5.4%
29° +067)+&()(7='8"/#’ &-)6"9-9) -241 -4.1% -260 -4.6% 18 GC?I@A
"H#$ FB’ (&)$*+" ~~? "/$"H#$?/-*/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ 16 $5 16 $5 165 165
H-7’0)"/0+-%&,)’ F/’ &9’9)+&()%&6"#? -224 -3.8% -209 Gp?CA -15 CPA
Operating result ( EBIT )? 834 14.2% 556 9.8% 277 49.8%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/)
reversals of impairment losses 746 <B?CA 822 14.5% -75 -9.2%
!"#$% &’ (&)$* EFG4-+3/-45 !@5 1585 !6 $B5 !6 $8<B>5
EBITDA ? 1,580 26.9% 1,378 24.4% 202 14.6%
Restructuring costs 5 < 4 JK@@?@A
Integration costs/IT costs 114 <BB -8 -6.6%
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses < G G G
Acquisition-related adjustments 63 150 -88 - 58.3%
Other adjustments BB G BB G
EBITDA pre ? 1,786 30.4% 1,652 29.2% 134 8.1%

<Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.)
®Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
W"#$%&()*+&4, #' &-)./"0-)

132

In 2017, gross profit increased by 10.6% to € 3,294 million (2016:
€ 2,978 million). In 2016, cost of sales contained higher expenses from
the step-up of inventories as a result of the first-time consolidation of
Sigma-Aldrich. In addition, the strong increase in gross profit was
attributable to organic sales growth as well as the positive effect
from the acquisition of BioControl Systems, which more than offset
considerable negative foreign exchange effects. Marketing and selling
expenses increased by 1.6% to € 1,734 million (2016: € 1,706 million))
while R&D expenses decreased by -7.0% to € 241 million (2016:
€ 260 million). Other operating expenses and income (net) increased
by 7.3% to € - 224 million (2016: € - 209 million), among other things)
owing to a provision set up for litigation risks in connection with the
antitrust review proceedings for the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich (see

LIFE SCIENCE)

EBITDA pre ' and change by quarter
€ million/change in %

Ql
2017 ——* (ze

2016 —— 393 424

——!"#$ % &?!%(!)* %( G+," !-%.,” Fo!

TS HE

Note (27) “Other provisions” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial)
Statements). Within the scope of the calculation of EBITDA/0’4)}-7’9’)
expenses were eliminated accordingly. In comparison with 2016,
-7 operating result (EBIT) of Life Science rose by € 277 million to)
€ 834 million (2016: € 556 million). After depreciation and amortization)
and adjustments, EBITDA pre rose by 8.1% to € 1,786 million (2016:
€ 1,652 million). This reflects the strong organic sales performance
of the combined Life Science business, which continues to focus on
actively managing costs and realizing the planned synergies from
the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich.

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2016 is presented in the following overview:

-_@§@ oq  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!CE<:=)<<!;"))!96<5!;7>F

In 2017, the business free cash flow of the Life Science business
sector rose by 22.5% or € 258 million to € 1,402 million (2016:
€ 1,144 million). The increase was primarily driven by the positive
development of EBITDA pre, inventories, and receivables. This was
partly offset by higher capital spending.
W"#$%& ()*+&+,#' &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % &?!%(1)* Fo G+," !-%.,° Fo! TSS HE 1 33

LIFE SCIENCE) }

Business free cash ow '

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TBA
EBITDA)/O’ *< 1,786 1,652 134 8.1%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as )
advance payments for intangible assets Gpc< Gp<> -59 18.7%
'174+&,’9)%o&)To&=' &-"0%’F 28 > 25 JK@@?@A
Changes in trade accounts receivable as well as receivables from royalties and licenses -41 -64 B> - 36.4%
Elimination first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich G -146 146 GK@@?@A
Elimination first-time consolidation of BioControl Systems® G <B GxB Gx @@?@A

Business free cash ow ! 1,402 1,144 258 22.5%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see Note (4) “Acquisitions and divestments” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The development of business free cash flow items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2016 is presented in the following
overview:

LIFE SCIENCE)

Business free cash ow ' and change by quarter >
€ million/change in %

Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
2017 —— @ii 416 282
2016 ——* 269 390 209

--@ ®-@e  @q —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
8 Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

W"#$ % & ()*+&+,’#° &-)./"0-)

134

Performance Materials

——!"#$ % & "1% (!)* %(Grt,*!-%.,’, Go!

——!-#& 3 %K+0(*#!/0' #&,OB.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS) }

Key gures
)
'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TEA
Net sales 2,446 2,511 -65 - 2.6%
Operating result (EBIT: < 689 823 -134 -16.3%
Margin (% of net sales)< 28.2% 32.8%
EBITDA‘ 947 <4@CC Gx>@ GxB?<A
Margin (% of net sales)< 38.7% 42.9%
EBITDA)/0’ *< 980 1,106 GxBC -11.4%
Margin (% of net sales)< 40.1% 44.1%
Business free cash flows 906 <4@<< -105 -10.4%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!=)8!<67)<!6=D !

"\<E78<!>;! b-)"68:>=<

In 2017, net sales of the Performance Materials business sector
('60°+9°($D) G2.6% to € 2,446 million (2016: € 2,511 million). This
was mainly due to organic declines in sales (Gx?CA:)+9)-7’)2%9/8+D)
Materials business did not reach the previous year’s level. The
stronger euro compared with 2016 also impacted the development
of net sales (G0.9%).

The Display Materials business unit, consisting of the Liquid Crystals
business and complementary materials, represented more than 50%
of the net sales of Performance Materials. This business unit saw an
organic decrease in sales, but continued to defend its market leadership)
position. The decline in sales stemmed from the performance of estab;
lished liquid crystal technologies, caused by a normalization of the
unusually high market shares as well as the price declines customary
in this industry. An exception here was the energy-saving UB-FFS)
technology, which achieved high double-digit growth?

The Integrated Circuit Materials (IC-Materials) business unit recorded
very strong organic sales growth, to which all major businesses
contributed. Particularly high growth rates were achieved in the busi;
nesses with dielectric materials and deposition materials for chip
production.

The Pigments & Functional Materials business unit generated a
moderate increase in sales. The main driver was demand for materials)
for decorative applications, such as Xirallic’ pigments, which are used
particularly in automotive coatings.

In the Advanced Technologies business unit, higher demand for
OLED materials led to significant sales growth.
W"#$% &()*+&+,# &-).°/"0-) ——!"#$ % & 1% (1)* %(Grt,*!-%.,’, Go! i! -#&3%K+0(*#!1/0° #&,OB. 1 35

The development of net sales in the individual quarters as well as
the respective organic growth rates in 2017 are presented in the
following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Net sales and organic growth ' by quarter?
€ million/organic growth in %

Ql Q Q3 Q4
2017 —— @@5 611 579
2016 ——> @ 645 623

--@  ®-—-@q  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS) OO Accounting for 80% (2016: 80%), the Asia-Pacific region again gen;
Net sales by region — 2017 erated the vast majority of the business sector’s net sales. This is
€ million/% of net sales of the business sector due to the concentration of customers for display and integrated
circuit materials in Asia-Pacific. In this region, sales declined to

@A) € 1,945 million (2016: € 2,013 million). Organically, sales decreased

Middle East and Africa (MEA: $D)G2.4% owing to the performance of the Display Materials business
10 unit. The good development of the IC Materials and Pigments busi;

tatin America 9%) &’99°9 could not offset this.
37 » . Europe In Europe, Performance Materials generated sales of € 231 million
231 (2016: € 220 million). The Pigments & Functional Materials business
\ 9%) | Unit was the main driver of the organic sales increase of 5.6%.
60%) North America In North America, net sales declined slightly to € 223 million
Asia-Pacific (535! : 223 (2016: € 226 million) owing to foreign exchange effects. Organically,
1,945 ° sales reached the previous year’s level.

Since they account for a low proportion of sales, the two regions
Latin America and Middle East and Africa played a subordinate role.
They recorded an organic decline in sales since the high level of sales
generated with insect repellents in 2016 normalized.

1 36 W"#$ % & ()*+&+,’#° &-)./"0-) ———!"#$ % &?!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,F(! ——!-#& 3 %K+0(*#!/0' #&,OB.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS) }

Net sales components by region — 2017

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million/change in % Net sales Organic growth ' e"ects divestments Total change

Europe B>< 5.6% G@?BA G 5.3%
North America BB> 0.4% -1.5% G G<?<A
Asia-Pacific (535! : 1,945 -2.4% -0.9% G -3.4%
Latin America >C G<B?<A G<?@A G G<>?@A
Middle East and Africa (MEA: <@ -8.5% 0.6% G -7.9%
Performance Materials 2,446 —17A —0.9A — —2.6A

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

The results of operations developed as follows:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS) }

Results of operations

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 in % 2016 TSA € million TEA
Net sales 2,446 100.0% 2,511 100.0% —65 2.6%
Cost of sales -1,145 - 46.8% -1,145 -45.6% G G

"HG % 8? (&)$*+" 7 "/$ "#8? /-*/0" 123$*443-45 < 16 $7:5 16 $7:5 165 165
Gross pro t 1,301 53.2% 1,366 54.4% —65 4.7%
Marketing and selling expenses -242 -9.9% GB>> -9.3% -9 4.1%

"#$ %o8&’ (&)$*+" "S$ "#8? /-*/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ !6 $B5 16 $@5 16 $5 !A<:>5
S(#%&%9-0+-%"&) F/’ &9’9 GCB -2.9% -61 -2.4% GxB 19.0%
29° +067)+&()(C='8"/# &-)6"9-9 -225 -9.2% GB<> -8.5% GxB 5.7%

"#$ %o&? (Ke) $*+",~” 7 "/$"#$'/-¥/0" 123$*443-45 ‘ 16 $@5 16 $5 16 $5 179<9>5
H-7’0)"/0+-%&,)’ F/’ &9’9)+&()%&6"#? Geo> GpP?@A GPC -1.5% -36 97.5%
Operating result ( EBIT )? 689 28.2% 823 32.8% 134 16.3%
Depreciation/amortization/impairment losses/)
reversals of impairment losses 258 10.5% 254 <@?KA 4 1.5%

!"#$% &’ (&)$* EFG4-+3/-45 1;C5 !7C5 195 !AC<:>5
EBITDA ? 947 38.7% 1,077 42.9% —130 2.1%
Restructuring costs 5 < 5 Jx*@@?2@A
Integration costs/IT costs B@ 26 -5 GB<?BA
Gains (-)/losses (+) on the divestment of businesses < G < G
Acquisition-related adjustments G > Gp GxK@@?@A
Other adjustments Cc G Cc G
EBITDA pre ? 980 40.1% 1,106 44.1% 127 11.4%

<Excluding amortization of internally generated or separately acquired software.)
®Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
W"#$% &? ()*+&+,’#° &-).°/"0-)

In 2017, gross profit was € 65 million below the previous year’s level,
resulting in a gross margin of 53.2% (2016: 54.4%). The operating
result (EBIT) decreased by € 134 million to € 689 million in 2017
(2016: € 823 million). Apart from the sales-related decline in gross
profit, the main reasons were higher marketing and selling expenses
as well as additional research costs in order to press ahead further
in growth markets, for example the development of liquid crystal
window modules and OLED)#+-’0%+89?

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

5

EBITDA pre ! and change by quarter 2
€ million/change in %

Ql
2017 ——* We

2016 ——* Wye

——!"#$ % & 1% (1)* %(Grt,*!-%.,’, Go!

——!-#& 3% K+0(*#1/0° #&OB.

137

EBITDA pre amounted to € 980 million, which was € 127 million lower
than in the previous year (2016: € 1,106 million). The EBITDA)/0’)
margin declined to 40.1% (2016: 44.1%).

The development of EBITDA pre in the individual quarters in
comparison with 2016 is presented in the following overview:

282 278

—_§@  ® @  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

D)M)7>-/)=8!>;!CE<:=)<<!;"))!96<5!;7>F!

At € 906 million, the business free cash flow of the Performance
Materials business sector fell short of the high year-earlier figure
(2016: € 1,011 million). This resulted from the lower EBITDA)/0’4)
which could not be offset by the release of capital from the decrease
J&)0' 6’ F=+$8'9?

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Business free cash ow '

)

'74+&,"
€ million 2017 2016 € million TBA
EBITDA)/O’ *< 980 1,106 GxBC -11.4%
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as )
advance payments from intangible assets -125 -109 -16 14.5%
174+&,’9)%&)%&= &-"0%'9 -14 35 -49 J K@@?@A
Changes in trade accounts receivable and receivables from royalties and licenses 65 -19 84 JxK@@2@A
Elimination first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich G Gp > Gk @@?@A
Business free cash ow 1 906 1,011 105 30.4%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?
1 3 8 W"#$ % & ()*+&+,’#° &-)./"0-) ———!"#$ % &?!%(!)* %(%+,*!-%.,’,F(! ——!-#& 3 %K+0(*#!/0' #&,OB.

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters
in comparison with 2016 is presented in the following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS)

Business free cash ow ' change by quarter
€ million/change in %

2

Ql Q3
2017 ——> @x 222

2016 —— Gay 271 282

—-@ ® @e  @ —

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?)
® Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
1"#$% & ()*+&+, # &-)./"0-)

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses for
Group functions that cannot be directly allocated to the business
sectors, such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Communications, and
Human Resources. Corporate costs additionally encompass expenses

——!"#$ %&?!%(1)* %(Go+,*!-%.,” FC!

9 WES GO’ H!O(1!>N#&

139

for central, non-allocated IT functions, including expenses related to
the expansion and harmonization of IT systems within the Merck
Group, as well as research and development costs not allocable to a
single business sector.

CORPORATE AND OTHER) 9c

Key gures
)
'74+&,"

€ million 2017 2016 € million TBA
Operating result (EBIT: < -445 -492 47 -9.5%
EBITDAs - 400 -465 65 -14.0%
EBITDA)/O’ *< Gp @< - 396 96 - 24.2%
Business free cash flows -437 -485 47 -9.8%

<Not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS:?

In 2017, administration expenses reported under Corporate and
Other increased to € 298 million (2016: € 276 million). Research and
development costs allocated to Corporate and Other amounted to
€ 42 million (2016: € 7 million) and included expenses for the Inno;
=+-%"&Center (management of ideation), costs of the New Business
Builder unit (entering innovation fields and conducting innovation
projects), as well as costs of the Global Health Institute, which is
responsible for developing health solutions in developing countries.
These projects are initiatives with benefits for Merck as a whole.
Other operating expenses (net) improved to € -101 million (2016:
€ -207 million). Among other things, this was attributable to lower

currency losses. The operating result (EBIT) attributable to Corporate
and Other amounted to € —445 million (2016: € -492 million) and
EBITDA totaled € —400 million (2016: € —465 million). After elimi;
nating adjustments, EBITDA pre amounted to € — 301 million (2016:
€ -396 million).

The development of business free cash flow was positively
%#!+6-’() $D)-7’)%#/0"="# &-)%&) EBITDA pre. However, higher capital
spending led to cash outflows, which negatively affected this key
performance indicator. Overall, negative business free cash flow
improved to € -437 million (2016: € -485 million).
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

140

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

Report on Risks and Opportunities

Jo121)+8()"/!"0-38 Jo-Jo’ 1) +0" ) T&A’ 0" &-)-")’ 8-0°/0" &? 30% +5) +6-%7%-89):’)
A+T7’V3-)181-#1)+&(/0"6 11’ 1)%&/5+6")-")%(’ 8-%:8)0% 121)+-}+&)' +058)
1-+,’)+&()-")6"3&-046-)-4’#)$8)-+2%&,)+//0"0%+-’) +6-Fo" &9I):Jo-A% 8)
-4°)6"H/4+&8<)"/!"0-38 Jo-8 H+ 8+, # &-)% 1+ &)W&~’ O+5)O"H/" & &-)":)
Jo8&08&+5)(° 6% 1%" &=H42 Yo8,/0"6’ 11 1)1364)+1)14"0-=)+- 8 (HP (Wo3#=-’ OH)
[5+ 88% 8,)+8() Zo&-0+=8" +0)$31%&’ 11)/54+&19

"EL (-1%$$%&’/()’ ONL (2H 1#C

(062) %1)/+0-)";) +) 6"#/S’ ><),5"$45)$3 1 %&? 11) 7"05()+&() %1)-4’0";"0")
exposed to a multitude of external and internal influences. Every
$31%&’11)(°6%1%"&) %1)-4’0";"0") $41 ()"&) -4’) +11"6%4-’ (0% 121) + &O)
"11"0-3& %-%’ 19

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as potential future
"7 &-1)"OWCT S" AF &-1)-44-)6"35()5° +(-" 48” 4-7? 7 Jo+-Jo" &):0"#)
our (financial) targets. In parallel, opportunities are defined as potential)
7 &-1)"0) 77° 5"F &-1) -44-) Yotf/58) +) /"1%-%T ) C 1% +-%" &) 30" #)"30)
planned (financial) targets. Identified future events and expected
CTS" AP &-1)+0")-+2? &) Jo&-")+66"3&-) Yo &) So 8~’ 0&+5)/5+ &&%8,)/0" 7% ()
-4+4-)%o-)6+&)$’ )+113# ()-4+-)-4’ %0)" 66300 8&6’ )% 1)5%2’ 58) %o&)-4’ W5+&&Jo&,)
1°0%'"(9) @4’ 0% 121) +8() "//"0-3& Jo-Jo’ 1)/0? 1? Be-"() %o8&)-A4’) "55" 2% 8, )0% 12)
+&()"//"0-3& %-%’ 1)0"/"0-}+-0" -4" V?"~? &-%+5);3-30") 7’ &-1)-4-+-)6"35()
0° 1/°6-%T7°58)5° +()-")4)&? += %T )"0)"1%- WT 7 %o+-Fo" &);0"#)-4’)-"/%61)
6"7°0° ()$8)/5+ & &%&,9

"345167879:6:8;!<".=:44
@4’)"$A’6-%7’)"'3)"30)0% 12)H#+8e+, #° &-H-6-%7%-%’ 1)%1-"06",&IB’<HIV IL +)
+&()#4+8&+,’)0% 121)’ +058)" &)+&()-")%H#/5°#’ &-)+/10"/0%+-’ #’ +130’ 1)

-"S#Jo& To# TB’ )-4° #9) @4’ JO" 1/"&1%$%5%-%W’ 1<)"$A'6-%T’ 1)+&()/0"6' 11° 1)"3)
0% 12) #4+&+,'# &-) +0’)? 160%$ () %&) "30) %&~’ 0&+5)0% 12) H+. 8+,’ #’ &-)
53%(?5%&’ 19) @4’ )$31%&? 11)4+(1<)#+&+,%&,)(%o0’6-"01)";)*°062)13$1%(% =
+0%’| and the heads of Group functions are specified as employees
21%-A\O? 11" 8 1%$F05%-8);"0)0% 1219) @4’),0"3/)" 36" & 1"5%(-4-’ 6" #/+ &%’ 1);"0)
0%12)0°/"0-%&,)/30/" 1 1) % 1) -4’) 144) +1) -4’) 0"3/)"3) 6"& 1"5%(4-"()
companies for the consolidated financial statements. Every six months,
-4)0% 12)"28? O1)+1 17 11)-4’ %0)0% 12) 1-+-31)+&()0°/"0-)-4 %0)0% 12)/"0-;"5%" +)
-").%12)* +8 +, # &-9)? BV’) 6%+5)0% 12)H+Re+, H# &-)1"3- 740" )%&)-4’)
6"&-">-)";)-4’ 1’) 46-%7%-%’ 19)

C%2’ 2% 1? <)0% 12=#%-%,+-Jo&,)# +130’ 1)+0°)07/"0-’ (+ &()+ 1’ 11° (9) @4’)
76-%T 8 11)"3)-4 V)# +130 1) +&()-4’)/5+8e&’ () GHIS#’ &-+-%" &)
- To’ ):0-4F +0" #"& %-"0" ()$8)D0"3/).%12)* ++, # &-9

@4’)0" 1%(3+5)0% 12)+3-’0)-4’) WHS’ #’ Be-+-T" &)";)-4’ 1’) #’ +130’ 1)% 1)
10° V? 8 ()%o8&)-4’ ) %o8e-’ 0&+5)0%12)0°/"0-)+ 1)&’-)0% 129)

DO"3/)!"&-0"55%&, )E).% 12)*+&+,# &-);"O#L)-4’)"0,+& YoB+-%" & +5), 0-4 =
2"02_);"0)0%12)#4-8&-+,'# &-)+&()0°/"0-1)(%0’6-58)-")-4’)D0"3/) 14%’ ;)
Financial Officer. Group Risk Management uses the information
0°/"0-’()-")C ~’ 0#%&’)-4’ }6300° &-)0% 12)/"0-3"5%");"0)-4’)*’062)D0"3/<)
presenting this in a report to the Executive Board, the Supervisory
Board and the Finance Committee with detailed explanations twice
1°08’ +09) @4% 1)+5 1") &6"#/+1 1’ L)+VO"$4$%5%o-8=?’ %,4~ (+,,0" +-To"&)
"0% 12.1)+-)D0"3/)5°7’5)3 1 %&, +)*" &-’)! 405") 1 %#35-+-%o" &9)F30-4 0#"0" <)
significant changes in the assessment of the risks already known and
new significant risks can be reported at any time and are communicated)
-")-4°)6"0/"0+-’)$"(Jo? 1)" &)+&)+()4"6)$-41% 19

F"0)0°/"0-% &,)0% 12.1)?%-4)+)/"~’ &-Jo+5)&’ +-%T )Jo#/+6-)"&)"30) EBIT<)
+)-40° 14"5()% 1) 1’-)+-)+)7+53°)"3)G ~—)H)#%55%" &)%&)-4’) 1-+&(+0()/0"6" 11)
+8 ()+-)4)7453')"3)G TH #9 55%" &)%o&)-4’ H-()4"6V0"6? 119).% 121)$'5"2-4'° 1?)
-40° 14"5(1) +0") 1-770") WBC’ &(? &-58) 2% -4%&)-4’) $31 %&’ 11) 1°6-"019)
The relevant timeframe for internal risk reporting is five years. The
53°6-1)";)0% 121)? 160%$ ()%o&)-4% 1 )0"/"0-)" &)O% 12 1)+-&()"//"0-3& %o-%? 14-0’)
10° 1° &~? (1) +88 345) 7453" 19) @4’)41 1 11# &-)";)-4’)0% 1219/0" 1’ &-’)
0°54+-71)-"6'#$'0 )KL<)IMLN9)@4’0")?’0’)&")0" 5°7+8&-)644+&,’ 143-0)
-4’)$4+54+&6") 14°?-)(4-")-44-) 2"35() 44-7’) & 6 11%-+-' ()+&) +#’ &(?()
10° 1? &-+-Jo"&)";)-4’ 0% 12) 1 %-3-+-%" &)";)-4’ )D0"3/9

:Jo-4% &) -4’) 16"/”)";) +3(%-1<) DO"3/) O&-’ 0& +5) P3(Jo-%&.,) 0’ 35-058)
0°7%?71)-4’)/0;"0#+86")";)0%12)#4+&+,’# &-)/0"6' 11°1)2%-4% &)-4’)
38 %o- 1+ &(<)-)-4’ LP TO? <)-4’ 6" H#H3.& %06+-Mo" &)"0°5? 7+ & 0% 121): 0"# )
4)"7 04-%o8&,)$3 1 8’ 11? 1)-")DO"3/).% 12)* +84, # &-9

2S<."5>83527167879:6:85!<".=:44
@4’ 0% 12H +,’ #’ &-)18 1-H)? 160%$' (16"& 6 &-O4-" 1)" &)$31%&’ 11)0%121< )
+8 ()8"=)"&)"//"0-3& Jo-%o’ 1) +-)-4’ )1-4P)-JoH#? 9) @4 )"//"0-3 &To-8)H#4+-& +,” =
# &-) 10"6’11)%1)%&-’ ,O+~’ ()V&-")"30) Yo8e~’ 0&+5)6"&-0"55%&,VO"G’ LL? 1+&()
6+00%’()"3-)%8&)-4’)"/’ 0+-%o&, 3 & Jo-1)" &)-4’ $+1% 1)";)-4’)D0"3/)1-04-’ 89)
@4’)$31% 8? 1171) +&+58B’)+&() +1 1 11)/"~’ &-%+5)#402’-) "//"0-3&Jo-%’ 1)
+1)/+0-)";)1-O+-” 8 H-& (54+ & &%&,VO"6’ 11? 19JOK)-4% 1)" Be~? >-<) [RT 1-H &- )
"I["0-38%o-Jo’ 140’ >+#% 8’ (+ &(O%"0%-WB’ (0 %H#+0%58)%&)-’ O#1)";)-4’ %0)
[© &-%o+5)T453° O"l" 1F0-Jo" &)%o8)" OC 0)-")’ & 130’ )+&)’ 33° 6-%T )+55"6-4-Jo"&)
"0° 1"306' 19):’)15°6-%7’ 58)%&T 1-)%&),0"2-4 #402’ -1)-")57'0+,”)-4’)
"1"0-3.8 Fo-Jo 1)"";)(B&+#I6)? 7’ 5" &-)+8()63 1-"# 0)/0"> %o#Jo-8)+-)-+)
5"64+5)5°7’59

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as likely,
-4°8) +0") %&6"0/"0-4-’ () Yo&-")-4’) $3 1% 8? 11) /5-+8& 1) +&()-4’) 14"0-=-’ 04)
$"0°6+1-19) @0’ &(1),"%&,)$’ 8" &()-4%1)"0) 7’ &-1)-44-)6"35()5°+(0)-") 4)
positive development in the net assets, financial position and results
"704-9" 8 1)+0? WO? 1? &-? ()%o&)-4’) "55" 2% 8,0’ "0-4 1)"//"0-3 8 %o-%’ 19)
@4’1)6"35()447’)+)/"1%-%T’)’ 33’ 6-)" &)" 30)# (%o3#=-’ 0#)/0" 1/°6-19
W"#$% &()*+&+,# &-).°7"0- $I" H#S$ HRN (N")¥H*I (LSS WR)’ )H#* 14 1

"#1, (-1%SB%&’()’ 01H LHC

"3454

The significance of risks is calculated on the basis of their potential
negative impact on the forecast financial targets in conjunction with

-4’ VO"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300" &6’)";)-4?)0? 11 6-%T? 0% 129)O.&)5 %&’ 2 %-4)-4’ 1’)
two factors, risks are classified as “high”, “medium” or “low”.

@4’)3&(058%&,)16+5’ 1);"0}#’ +130%&,)-4’ 1”);+6-"01)+0") 14"°2&)$75"2Q

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE) Jee

RO"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300' &6" Explanation
S IMT Unlikely
IM)JJHMT R"11%$5°
HLUVMT C%2’58
WVMT X’08)5%2’58
)

DEGREE OF IMPACT) eee

J’ ,0°’)";) %#/+6-

WG)HM#%55%"&

Explanation

Substantial negative impact on the)
net assets, financial position and)0135-1)"s)"70+-%"&1

G)IM UHM #%55%"&

NC 04-7) &’ 4+-%T )ToH#/+6-)"&)-4’ )
net assets, financial position andy0’ 135-1)"s)"/'0+-%"&1

G)HUIM )#%55%"&

OdHH~’0%+5)&’ +-%T ) Mott/+6-)"&)-4" )
net assets, financial position and)0"135-1)"s)"70+-%"&1

S G)H)#%55%"&

!0%-%6+5)&’ +-%oT’ )Wott/+6-)"&)-4’)
net assets, financial Position) +&()0" 135-1)";)"70+-%"&1

@4’)6"#$% &+-%" &)";)-4’)-2");+-6-"01)0" 135-1) %8&)-4’ )O% 12)#-+-0%>)$5"2<)

which shows the individual risks and their significance to the Group.

RISK MATRIX) jee

WG)HM#%55%"& * (%o3# * (o3# Y%4 Y%4
G)IM UHM #%55%"& * (%o3# * (o3# * (%o3# Y%4
G)HUIM )#%55%"& Cc"? * (o3# * (%o3# * (%o3#
S G)H)#%55%"& Cc"? Cc"? Cc"? c"?

O#/+6-

RO"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300' &6’ S IMT IM)JUHMT HLUVMT WMT

W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

142

.<<."3>8353:4

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business envi=
ronment. General measures of the business functions are quantified
(30%&,) "1° 0+-%"&+5)/5+8& 8% &,) To&) 0’ 5+-%" &)-") 145’ IEBITDA)/0’)+&()
business free cash flow. Net present value, internal rate of return,
-4’)0’-308&)" &)6+/%-+5) #/5"8° OZ ROCE), and the amortization period
"\AYIET 1-#’ &-)+0? VO%H+0%58)3 1’ ()-" HLL? 11+ &(/0%"0%- WB’ KT 1-#’&- +)
opportunities. Similarly, scenarios are frequently set up to simulate
the influence of possible fluctuations and changes in the respective
factors on results. There is no overarching, systematic classification
":)-4°/0"$4+$%5%-8)";)"66300" &6’ )+8&()%o#/+6-)";)"//"0-3& %-Jo? 19

3C#E&(,@!A%C &%@!*0* #IIBME !
"CHIO&%/$! AAMI(? )(2'!$&%AH**

@4’)"$A6-%T7’)";)-4) %o&~’ 0&+5)6" &-0"5)18 1-'#);"0)-4’)}+.66"3&-%&,/0"6' 11 )
is to implement controls that provide assurance that the financial)
1-+-"#’ &-1)+0’ 0/40’ ()%&)6"#/5% +86" )?%-4)-4’ 05? 7+&-)+66"3&-H&,)
5+214+-&()1-+&(+0(19)@4% 1)181-#)6"7’ OL)#’ +130" 1)? 1%,&’ (-"Y & 130")
-4’)6"#/5° -” <) 6"00°6-) +8&()- Joi’ 58) 6"&T’ 8+&6’)+8&()/0" 1’ &-+-%"&)":)
Jo8&:"O#+-o" &)-4-+-) 01)0? 5° 7+8&-);"0)-4’)/0°/40+-%o" &)":)-4’)6" &1"5%(4-'()
financial statements and the combined management report.

5:7!;..D4
@4’)%8&~’ 0&-+5)6"&-0"5)18 1 #)+%#1)-") & 130")-4’ 4+-66304+68)";)-4’)6"& =
1"5%(+-’() +66"38&-%&,)/0"6’ 11) -40"3,4) 3&6-%"& %&,) Zo&~’ 0&+5)6"&-0"51)
290-4)0" +1" &+$5’)+1130+&6°9)@4’ )D0"3/)P66"3&-% &,);3&6-T%o" &)6’ &-04+558)
steers the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of
Merck KGaA as the parent company of the Merck Group. This Group
function defines the reporting requirements that all Merck subsidiaries
#31-)#’-9)P-)-4’)1 44° )-[o#? <)-4%1);3&6-%" &) 1-01) + & ()#"& %-"01)-4’)
164° (35% &,)+&()/0"6" 11=0'5+-’() 0’ [3 %0°# &-1)":)-4’) 6"&1"5%(+-"()
financial statements. Group Accounting centrally manages all
644&,’1)-")-4’)’ [3%-8)4"5(%&,)1-036-30" )+&()6"00? 1/"&( %&,58)+(+/-1)
-4’)DO"3A1)16"7’)";)6" & 1"5%(-+-%"&I)@4’ VO" 0Y 5%H# Vo &-+-%" &)";)%&-0+4,0"3/ +)
-0+& 146-%"&1)?%-4Go8&)-4’ 16" "3-4 6" 8 1"5Jo(+-%" & VO" 1 1)%1Y & 130° (9)
D0"3/=?%(’)4+66"3&-%&,),3 To 5%&’ 1);"O#)-4’ S+1% 1);"0)-4’ 0? /+0-+-%" &)
of the statutory financial statements of the parent com/+&8)+&()";)
-4°)13$1%(%+0%’ 1<)24%64}+0")0’/"0-’()-")D0"3/)P66"3&-%o&,])-4’),3%(?5%E’ 1 )
are adapted in a timely manner to reflect changes in the financial
0°,35+-"08) &7%0" &#? 8-840’ B/(+-’ ()%&)+66" 0(-+86")?%-4)%&-’ O&+5)
0°/"0-%&,)0" [3% 0’ #’ &-19)F'"0) 1/° 6% +5) % 113’ 1<) 1364) +1)-4’) +66"3&-%&,)
“07 +P &-)")%o8e-+&, TO$5? 41 = 1)2%-4%&)-4’)16'/’)")6"H#/+&8)4+-6[3%1%-Jo"&1 +)
"OW & 1%" &)"$5%,+-To"&1<)>~’ 0&+5)’>/°0-1)40" H((%-Jo" &+558)%&T"5T (240)
&’6'11+089

@4’) %o&(%T% (345) 6"H/+& J 1) 447’) +) 5" 645) Yo&-’ 0& +5) 6"&-0"5) 181-"#9)
Where financial processes are handled by a Shared Service Center,
the internal control system of the Shared Service Center is additionally)
applied. Both ensure that accounting complies with)IFRS)ZO&-’0&+-%"&}5
Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Group accounting guide=
5%&’19

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

D0"3/)P66"3&-%&,V0"7%(? 1)13//"0-)-"-4’)5"6-+5)6" &-+6-1)+&()’ & 130’ 1)
+)6"& 1% 1-’ &-584%,4)[3-+5%-8)"3)0"/"0-%&,)-40"3,4"3-}-4’ Y &-%0’)0'/"0-%&, )
/0"6’ 119)

For Group financial reporting purposes, most of our subsidiaries
31’) 1-+8&(+40() SAP)1"s-24+0°9)!"&1"5%(+-%" &)1";-240");0"#) SAP)%1)+51")
31°()"0)-4 5 %o#% &+-Jo" &)" 3) %o &-0+,0"3/-0+& 14+6-%" &19)P)-+%5’(H43-4" =
0%B+-%" &)6"&6"/-)’ 8130? 1-4’ )1’/+0-+-%" &)"\(3-%’ 1)2%-4)0" 1/°6-}-")$"-4)
single-entity reporting and the consolidated financial statements. In
10% &6%/5’ <)-4’ )+.66"3&-% &,/0"6? 11)% 1)? 1% 8’ ()-" & 130” )-4+-)+55)3&%- 1)
8&1" ST (+(4'0")-")-4’ 0% 86%/5’ )";)(34+5)6" &-0"59

@A4’Y 3°6-%T &’ 11)"3)* O62\1)%&-’ 08&+5)6" &-0"5)181-"#)?%-4)0" 400+")
accounting and the compliance of financial reporting by the individual
companies is confirmed by both the local managing director and the
local chief financial officer when they sign the single-entity reporting.

F'"0)-4’}+66"3&-%8&,)-0? +-#¥ &-)")$4+54+86")14"?-)%-#1<)DO"3/P66"3&- ME, )
65" 1°58)6""/04-" 1)?%-4)D0"3/). % 12y*+ 8+,’ # &-)%&)"0(°0)-")6"00" 6-58)
10° 1° &-\"~’ &-%+5)$+5+&6’)14’’-)0%1219)P55)-4’)1-036-30" 1)+&(0"6’ 1171 )

(°160%$’() +0’) 13$A’6-)-")0’ ,35+0)0°7%’ 2)$8)D0"3/)O&-’0& +5) P3(%o-%&,)
based on an annual audit plan set out by the Executive Board. The
results of these audits are dealt with by the Executive Board, the
Supervisory Board and the Finance Committee. The internal control
181-’#)+-)*’062)#4-2’ 1)%-)/"11%$5’)-")5""2’0)-4’ 0% 12)"; H+’ 0% +5)#% 1 =
1-42 &-1)%o8&H-66" 3&-Fo&, "HG 8 VHBHINY "058" )VoB~’ 0&5)" &-0"5)
181-#)U)O" ,+0(5’ 11)"3)%-1)C 1%, 8&)U)6+&)’ &-%0"58)035’)"3-)+)0? 1 %(3+5)0% 129

E/*)(#**F&H#@, #-!&)*+* !
(-! Yo$$%o &’ /()’ )#*

<.D3;3=7D!78G!":9>D7;."2!"3454!78G!.<<."3>8353:4
P1)+),5"$+5) 6"H/4+&85) 2”) :+6°)/"5%-%6+5)+8()0" 35+-"08) 6448,’ 1) %&)+)
540,’ )&3#$°0)":)6"3&-0% 1) +&(}H4-02’-19

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements

regarding drug pricing, reimbursement and approval

O&}-4’ JV’? +5-46-+0 $31 %&’ 11)1°6-"05)-4 2.8" 2&0? &(-"2+0(1)%&60'+1%&,58 +)
0° 1-0%6-%7’ 0’ [3%0' # &-1)%&}-’ O#1)";)(03,V0%6%&,<)0’ WHS30V#'&- ——Y)+-&()
approval is continuing. These requirements can negatively influence)
the profitability of our products, also through market referencing
$°-2" &)6"3&-0% 1<)+&()A’"/+0(%B’)-4’) 1366" 11)";)#+02’-)5+3&64’ 1)

+&()&? 2)+//0"74+519)F"0" 1°?-+$5°)’ 5; 6-1)+0" )-+2’ &)%&-")4+66"3&-)+1);-+0)

+1" 11%$5°)%&)-4’ $3.1 HE? 11)’ 6-"O\LV5+8&19)15" 1’ 6" #38 %6-+-%" &)?%-4)
4°+5-4)+&()0’ ,35+-"08)4+3-4"0%-% 1)1V°07 Lt 1+) «407 &-%T’ )#’ +130")-")
+7°0-)0% 1219). #+%o& %o&,)0%121)$? 8" &()-4 6300" &-\/5+& 10" 135-%&,);0"#)
restrictive regulatory requirements are classified as a medium risk
"2% 8,)-")-A’ "11 [05° )60%o-%6+5)&’ += IT’ ) TH +6-9
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0- $I" #S % RGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ WRC)’ )H* 143

Risk of stricter regulations for the

manufacturing, testing and marketing of products

Likewise, in our Life Science and Performance Materials business
sectors, we must adhere to a multitude of regulatory specifications
0° ,+0(%&,)-4’ #4+-&3;+6-30%&,<)-’ 1-%o&, + 8(H#+02” -% &,)"s)#+&8)"3)"30)
products. Specifically in the European Union, we are subject to the
European chemicals regulation REACH9)O-)(#+&(1)6"#/0'4’ &1%7’)
-’ 1-1) 3"0) 64°#%645)/0"(36-19) *"0'"7°0<)-4’) 31’) ";) 64° #% 6451) %&)
0" (36-%" &)6"35()$’) 0? 1-0%6-’ (<) 24% 64) 2"'35()#4-2’) %o-) WH!" 11%$5’)-")
6" &-%&3’ HH &3:+6-30%&, 6’ 0-+% & VO" (36-19): +0’ 6" & 1-+8&-58V3013%&,)
0° 1°+064) 4&0) C7’ S"AP &-) Yo&) 13$1-+8&6’) 64+0+6-’0%B+-%o"&) +&() -4’)
/"11%$5°)13$1-%o-3-Jo"&)''3}60%-%6+5)13$ 1-+&6? 1)1")+1)-")0’ (36’)-4’)"6630
rence of this risk, and therefore view it as unlikely. Nevertheless, it

is classified as a medium risk given its critical negative impact on
the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

Risk of negative political and macroeconomic developments

@4’)( 1-4 $%5%B+-%" &)";)/"5%-Jo6+5)181-#1)Z+1);"0) >+#/5’)% &)@302’ 8)"0)
the Middle East), the possible establishment of trade barriers as well
+1);"0°%,&)’>644&,’)/"5%68)644-&,’ 1)6+&)5’+()-")(65%&’ 1) %&)1+5’ 1) %E&)
6° 0-+%8&)6"3&-0%’ 1)+8()O” Fo" &19)@4’ 1)0% 121) +0 )-+2’ &)%o&-")4+.66"3&-)+1)
:+0)+1)/"11%$5°) %o&)-4’) $31 Go&? 11)/54+&1)";)-4’) 453° 6-’ ()6"3&-0% 1) +&()

0° ,%"& 1)+&()#%-%,-+-’ ()-40"3,4)/0" (36-<)%&(3 1-08)+-&()0" ,%" &+5)(%T 0 =
sification.

R" &-FW+5)&’ +-WT #460" 6" 8"#%6)7 5H’ &-1<)s"0) >4/5’)%E&)
Argentina and Brazil, can also impact our business. To minimize these
JoH#]4+.6-1<) 6"00" 1/"&( Yo&,) #’ +130 1)/’0--+% & %&,)-")-4’) 145’ 1) 1-0+-’,8)

447’ )$°? 8) To & Jo-Jo+~ ()Jo&)-4’ 1”)6"3&-0%’ 19

The United Kingdom’s imminent exit from the European Union
(“Brexit”) gives rise to risks for our existing business in that country
ZIMLNQ)1+5’1)";)G)*I__ )#%55%" 45514 employees and five production
sites) such as the decline in the value of the British pound, a weak=
ening of economic activity in the United Kingdom, regulatory changes,)
+8&()-4’)60" +-%"&)";)-O+()$-+00%’ 01)1364)+1)%#/"0-)(3-%’ 1<)?4%64)6"35()
have an impact on our profitability. To analyze these risks and to
6"3.8~’046-)-4’#) %&)-+)- Jo’ 58) +&()-+0,’~’ H+ & 8’ 0K) %8&~’ 0&+5)2"02%&,)
,0"3/1)4+7’)$? &) 1?-)3/9)

@4’) &’-)0%12)":) &? -+-%T )1"5%-%6+5) + (#460 6"S"#WG)NC TS" =
# &-1)%1)1 & HH V"11%$5” )+&(4+1 60% -%O6+5)&’ += IT’) 336-1)" &)-4’ )&’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations. We thus rate this
+1)+)#’ (%3#)0%129

67"5:5!"3454!78G!.<<."3>8353:4

2)6"H ~)2%-4)& 3H 0"3 1)6"H/+ & 9’ 1)%8&)-4’ V4+0#+6°3-%64+5<)64’ #%E+S )
+&()5%:’) 16%? & 6") 1°6-"019) .% 1 %&,) 6" #1’ -Jo- JT’ ) 10? 1130’) 6+&) 447’) +)
significant impact on the quantities sold and prices attainable for our
/0"(36-19

Opportunities due to new technologies
in the manufacturing of displays
PYLE?) ""0-3.& %-MW’ 1) Wo) -4’) # (To3#=-") 5" & =’ O#)/"11%$%5%-W’ 1)"3)
significant market growth of OLED)+//5%6+-%"& 1)%&A%,4=[3+5 %-8)\( % 1/5+8)
+115 %o6+-Jo"&19):?)+0?)$3%5(To&,)" &)#"0")-4+&)-’ &)8’+01)"3)’>/ 0% &6’)
Jo8&) H+ &3;+6-30%&,)"0,+8& 106) 5% ,4-=' #%--%&,)(Jo"’)OLED) materials as
7°55) +1) +) 1-0"&,)/"0-3"5%")"3)2"05(2%(? )/-4~ &-1) Fo&)"070)-")77°5"/)
35-0+/30" )+&()’ >-0°#° 58) 1-+$5° )#4--’0%+5 1)-44-)+0")/0’ 6% 1°58)-+%5"0'()
-")631-"#0)0°[3%0°#’ &-19)@4’)C-7' 5" &-)%&)-4’) OLED)#+02’-)%1)
being driven by the diversification of applications for OLED)(%1/5+819)
OLED)-’64&"5",8)%1)+&)’ 1-+$5% 14 ()+5-’0&+-%T’)-") C!T 1) %o&)14#4+-55=40'+)
(%1/5+81<);"0)%o& 1-+8&6" )1#4-0-/4" 8? INY"2705)!"2%&,)-"-’ 64.8"5", %6+5)
+(7+&6'1<) OLED)-’64&"5",8)%1)$° %&,)31’() Yo&)#"0") +&()#"0°)5+0,’=
+0? +)(Jo 1/5+81<)1364)+1)-'5°7% 1%" & NY %,A=[3-+5%-8)5% A-To&, +115 %6-+-%o" &1<)
30) °>+4#/5’) "0) +3-"#"$%5’ 1<) "3;°0) ;30-4’0) ,0" 2-4) /"~’ &-%+5) ;"0)
OLED 19)O&)"0(0)-")#+2’)-4’)#4+11)/0"(36-%"&)";)5+0,’=+0'+) OLED)
displays more efficient, we have been cooperating since the end of
2012 with Seiko Epson Corporation to enable printing processes for
OLED)(%1/5+819)P-)-4’)$” ,%& & %&,)";)-4’) 16" &O[3+0-’0)";)IMLN<)-4’)
Y8/’0 OLED)/0"A’6-) 1-+0-’ ()2%-4%&) -4’) 16"/’)";) -4’) Y"0%B"&) IMIM)
initiative, an EU-based program. As part of this project, together with
5"30)"-4’ Oy/+0-& 01<)2)?%55)8 777 5"/%8&, 4% AI’ 03" 0#4+&6’ <)48/0 =
fluorescence OLED 1);"0)(%1/5+8)}+&()5%,4-To&, }+//5 %o6+-Jo" &1)"7° 0-4’ )&’>-)
-40’’)8’+019

To expand our expertise in the field of high-quality display appli=
64-%"&1<)V)'&-0'() %&=")4) (77S &-)+,0° # &-)2%-4) CLEAR%&2)
J%1/5+819) @",’-4’05)”)/5+8&) -")54+3&64)+&) S88" T4+-%T <) 4’ &~ ()+&()
reflecting display technology for mobile devices. Our objective is to
commercialize the first video-enabled reflecting color displays in 2018.

Opportunities due to new

application possibilities for liquid crystals

40° 3013 %&,)+)1-0-+-’,8)"3)5°7’ 0+, %&,)" 30)’ >/0-% 1’ )+1)-4’),5"$45)

market leader in liquid crystals in order to develop new fields of
+//5%6+-Jo" &) ;"0) Jo&&" T4+-oT ) 5 %[3%() 6081 -+5) -°64&"5",%’ 19) F"0) %&1-+&6' <)
YO’ VO? 11% &, +4’ +()-")}6+/-30" +4’ ):3-30’ H#+02’- 1);"0)5%[3%() §081-+5)
2% &("21)Z C!: s) and mobile antennas. Thanks to licrivision™ tech=
&"5",8<) Cl: 1)60°+-’)&?2)+064%-’ 6-30+5)/"11%$%5%-%’ 19)
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

144

@40"3,4)6" &-%o&3"3158)7+0%+$5" )$0% 4-8? 11)6" &-0"5<)-4’8)6-+8&):"0) >475° *)
increase a building’s energy efficiency. To drive forward the market
7 &’-0+-%"&) "3) 5%o[3%() 608 1-+5) 2% &("21<) 2) +0’) W&T? 1-%&,) +0"3&()
G)L_)#%55%" &) %&)-4’ 6" & 1-036-%" &)";) +)/0"(36-%" &) -+6%5%-8) :"0) 2%E("?)
#"(35’ 19)O& %-%+5)1 45° 1<)+5$? Jo-}H-)$)5"2)5' 7 5< 0’) > 6-’ (%&)IMLV)?%-4)
0° 4-0) #? (%o3#=~’ O#)/"~’ &-Jo+59) P&-’ &&+1)-44-)6+&)0°6' %T’) 1% 8451)

-0+& 1#%—~ ()%&)-4’ 4%,4);0’ [3’ &68)0+&,’)}6+& 1-5 1")$?)0" +5 %B’ ()2%-4)-4’)
+%()"3)6"00" 1/" &(%&,)5 %o[3%()608 1-+5)#%>-30" 19)P1)+)0’ 135-<)#"$%5’ (+--+)
exchange could improve significantly in a wide variety of fields of
application. Since novel liquid crystal materials for antennas are
6300? &-58)$’ %&,)?7'5" (<4 +02’ -)5+3864)"3)5%[3%()6081-+5)+ 8’ &KE+ 1)
could still take a few years. New application opportunities for liquid
6081-+51) 6"35()4+7’) # (%3#=) -") 5" & =~ O#)/"1%-%T )’ 36-1) "&)-4’)
financial indicators of the Performance Materials business sector.

Opportunities o!ered by the increased
importance of the automotive platform
O&)-4’) 3-30’ <)-"/%61) 1364) +1) (+-+) -0+8& 1#% 11%" &<) %8&(%T%(3+5) (1% ,&<)
144-0-)5%,4-o&, + &()+3-"&"#"31)(0%7%8,)2%55)/5+8) +8) LH!" 0-+8&-)0"5°) WE)
-4?)43-"#"-%7’) %o&(31-O8<)-43 1)’ >/+-8&(Fo&,)"30)"/"0-3& %-Jo’ 1) To&) 1#-+0-)
-64&"5",%’ 19)
O&)IMLN<)?”)/0° 1’ &-’()"30)-+3-"#"-%7’) %o88"7+-To" & 1) +-)"30) "2&)
exhibition stand at the International Motor Show (OPP) in Frankfurt am
Main, Germany, for the first time. With our products and displays in the
New Mobility World, we offered visitors the opportunity to familiarize
-4’#1°57°1)2%-4)-4’ $0" +()0+&,”)"3):3-30” H1/5 %6+-%" B 1 )+-8()?%-4)*0629

Opportunities from leveraging
the e-commerce and distribution platform
With the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in 2015 we have gained access
-")-4°)5°+(To&,)5%:; 16%’ &6")’ =6" HH 06’ V/5+-"0#9)*30)63 1-"#01)+0")
already benefiting from an offering of more than 300,000 products
Jo8&653(Jo8&,4%,A58)0’ 1/” 6-’ ($0-+8(1)(% 1-0%$3~’()7%+)-4% 1) =6"H##POCVS+- =
5"0#9):’ +0” );30-4’0)’ >/+8(%&,)-4% L)/5+-3"0#)%&)"0(°0)-")6" &-%o&3"3158)
Jo&60' +1") -4’) & 3#$’0) ";)/0" (36-1) +7+%5+4$5’) "&) %o-9) *+2%&,) "OC 0%, +)
/0"6 LL 1);-+1-’0)+8&(#"0? 6" 87? & %’ &-):""0)"30)63 1-"# 01) +&()" 33 O%&,)
13/1"0-}-40"3,4)% &(%7%(3+5%B’ ()/0"(36-)0’ 6H &(+-Jo"& 1)6"35()5’+()
-")4% 4’ 0) 145? 1)7"53# 1)+&()’ &+$5")3 1)-") 2% &)&’ 2631 -"#'019)!"& =
1’[B’&-58<)-4%1)(% 1-0%$3-%" &)644+-8& &’5)6"35()5’ +()-")+&)+$"7'=+-7 O+,”)
C75" &-)"3)145° 1)%8&)-4 )# (%3H#)~’ OHO

This is being expanded through the collaboration with Elsevier.
Our products are now listed in Reaxys, a chemicals database. Users
can now conveniently find and purchase the products we develop
+&()13//589

The acquisition of Grzybowski Scientific Inventions complements
"'30)=6" HH’ 06")/5+-;"0#9) @4’)0?-0"=18&-4’ 1% 1) 1":-24+0") 0"#)-4% 1)
+6[3% 1 %-Jo" &)"3701)-4’)/"11%$%5%-8) -") Jo(’ &-Jo;8) +&() 1°5°6-) 18&-4° 1%.
#-4"(19 +)

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

Risk due to increased competition

and customer technology changes

O&)-4’)¥?+5-46+0’)$31%&’ L1)16-"05)$"-4)"30)$%"/4-+0#4-6° 3-%6+5)/0" (36-1 )
+&()65+11%6)/4+0#4-6'3-%6+5)$3 1 %&’? 11)+0°)’>/" 1? (-")%&60" +1 (6"# =
petition from rival products (in the form of biosimilars and generics).
In the Life Science and Performance Materials business sectors, risks
are posed by not only cyclical business fluctuations but also changes
To8&)-4’)-’ 648&"5",% 1)3 1 ()"0)63 1-"#°0)1"306%&,)1-O-+-’ ,%’ 1<V+0-%635+058)
2%-4)0" 1/’6-)-")5%[3%()6081-+519):’)31°)65"1’)631-"#'0)0"5+-%"&14%/1)

+&() So&=4"3 1’) 330-4°0) C775"? &-1) +1) 2°55) +1) #4+-02’-)/0"> %#%-8<)
Jo&.653(Jo&,)/0’ 6% 1’ #-+02’ -)+& +581 1)+1)#%-%o,+-o&, )#’ +130" 19)‘7’04+55<)
"2% &,)-")%o-1)I" 11985’ )"66300" &6’)?%-4)+)60%-%6+5)&’ +-WoT’ oH +6-<)-4’)
market risk is classified as a medium risk.

Opportunities o!ered by digitalization
and activities to boost innovative strength
3%, %-+5) ~’ 64.&"5",%’ 1) +0) $’6"#%8,) To860" +1 %&,58) oH#!"0-+8&-) :"0)"30)
#4+02’-1)+&()"30) 2"05()":) 2"029) @4’0";"0"<) %&) IMLH<) 2”) 5+3&64()
strategic digital initiatives geared to improving the efficiency of our
Jo8e~ 08&+5 "6 LV D8" 74534 Jo&, 4 )"/"0-3 & Io-Jo’ 1)": Go, To-+ 5S VOB+-Jo" &)
290-4)0’ ,-+0()-")"30)/0"(36-1)+&()631-"#'019)O&)-+((%-Jo" &)-")6"554$" =
04-9" &1) 2%-4) > 0&+5) /+0-& OL) -") ?>/+&() =4’+5-4) 1"53-%"&1) 5"0)
patients, e.g. our MSdialog platform, the Accelerator program, which
Jo1)$’ To&,) (O%T’ &)$8)"30) O& 8" 7+-Jo" &)  &~’ 0K) M1) "&’ O"#/" 8? &-)":)"30)
Jo8e 8" 14+-Jo" &)1-0-+4-’ 89): 464% T’ (+)0’ 6" 0()& 34S’ 0)"; 41/5 %6+8-1<)?%-4)
-4’) & 34S’ 0)";3) +//5%6+-%" & 1) %&60’ +1 %&,) $8) VIT) "7’0)-4’)/0°7%"'31)
0"3&(9) @4’)/0" ,0+#) 6"#/0% 1? 1) 13//"0-):"0) +&() +66’ 11)-") 1-+0-=3/)
companies that offer innovative digital solutions in the fields of
4°45-46+0" <)5%;’) 16% &6’)+8&()/0;"O#+8&6" ##+-’0%-+519):%-4)-4’)*°062)
X’ &-30’ ORT’ 1-# &-)F3&(<)?” 40’ 45 1")1-0? &,-4? & %&,)"30)6"55-+$"0+-%" & )
2%-4) +&() +66" 11) -")4%,458) %&&"7+-%T’) 1-+0-=3/19) @4’)’>/4+& 1%" &)"s)
41 )H6-%7%-%’ 1)6"35()5? +()-" 8? 2HH-02’-)"//"0-3& Jo-% 1);"0)319)O&)-4’)
# (%3#)- O#<)-4’ 1)6"35(4+7 "1% - JT )V0H#/+.6-)" BIA CT 5S"? &- )
":)"30)145°19

Furthermore, we are expanding our expertise through a PMatX
%&63$-+-"0)3"0) &’ >-=,’ &’ 0-+-%o" &)’5’ 6-0" & %6 1) %&)O10+'59):%-4)+);"631)"&)
1-+0-=3/)6"#/+&%’ 1):"0)1-+-’="s=-4’=+0-)'5’6-0"& %61<)-4’)-"/%61)$? % &,)
+((0" 11’ ()+0")65"1°58)0°5+-’()-")R’0;"0#4+8&6")*+-0%4519

"3454!78G!.<<.";>83:3:4!.H !

":4:7"=I!78G!G:J:D.<6:8;!

F"0)31<)%&&"7+-%" &)% 1) +)H+A" OY S’#’ &-)";)-4’ DO"3/)1-04-’ ,89).’ 1’+064)
+&()(7' 5" &-/0"A’6-1)64+&)’ >/’ 0%’ &6’)?5+81<)’>/6-’()$3(,"-1 )
6+&)$’Y >6"?(?(<)"0)-+0,’- 1)6+&)0’#+%&)3 &#’ -9).’ 1+064)4+-& (77°57 =
#°&-) +6-%7%-%’ 1)+0’ )";) 16% +5) %o#/"0-+&6’)-")-4’) Y’ +5-46+0")$31%&’ 11
1°6-"W)O&)-4’)6"301’)"3)/"0-5"5%" H#+-& +,’ # &-<)?’ 0’ 354058) 7+53+-’)
+&(<)%;)&’ 6’ 11+08<)0’;"631)0" 1’+064}40’ +1 H-& (4-55). ED V%/’ 5% &’ VO"A’6-1 9

VY
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0-

Special mention should be made of the strategic alliance formed in 2014
between our company and Pfizer Inc. as a research and development
opportunity in the Healthcare business sector. In 2017, the European
Commission approved Bavencio* <)+&)+&-%=RJ=CL) +&-%$"(8) ?’) +0’)
co-developing with Pfizer, in 28 countries of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway as well as in Canada and Japan. This
builds on the previous approvals in the United States and Switzerland9)
Bavencio® is thus the first immunotherapy for patients with metastatic
*°0)2°5)6°55)64+06%&"'#+9)
Additionally, Bavencio® )?+1}+//0"7’()$8)-4’) FJP_);"0}-4’)-0’+-#’ &-)
" 4-90’ &-1)?%-4)5"6+558)+(7+8&6' ()" 0} -+1-+-%6)30"-4’ 5%+5)6+&6' 9)
O&)+((%-%" &<)*+7 &65+¢ was approved in 2017 in the European
Union by the European Commission. Approvals were also granted in
Canada and Australia. It is the first short-course oral treatment
approved in Europe for the treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis
in patients with high disease activity. The first market launch will
take place in Germany, followed by the United Kingdom and the
remaining EU member states.
PVS+8&)-")13$#%-)*+7’ &65+(
States and both drugs in Asia.
P/+0-);0"#)-4’ 1°)0’ ,35+-"08)13$#% 11%" & 1<)?’ +0’ /314%&, +4’ +()
2%-4) 0’ 1°+064) /0"A’6-1) %8&) 30-40) %i#/"0-+&-) %&(%6+-%" 81) +8&() +0’)
+6-%7’ 58)/3013% 8, )&’ 2)"I1"0-3& %o-%o’ 1)-40"3,4) %o&=)+&()"3-5%6’ &1%&,9

« for regulatory review in the United

@4’)’>/’ &1 1)6300" &-58)$” %&,)%&6300°(<)’ 1/°6%+558)%&)"30)Y’+5-46+0")
research and development, are already reflected in the current plans.
The same applies to net sales generated by the products Bavencio )
+&()*+7? &654( * 9)O;H//0"7’ ()%&);30-4’0)6"3&-0%? 1<)-4’Y 1-FoH+~’ (145? 1)

1" &-Jo+5)6"35()%&60' +1°9)

"0" 7°05) 2°) Yo8&=5F6’ & 1’) 3"30) "&6"5",8) 0? 1 +064) +&() 77’ S"Hf &-)

/0" O-+#1);0"#)X’0-’>9):%-4)-4% 11-04’, %6))"0-3"5 %" 463% 1 Yo-Jo" &<)P 40")
1-0" &,-4 & %&,)"30)"&6"5",8V Vol” 5 ToS’ )%o&)-?")+--046-%T’ +0" + 1)24'0°)?”)
+50°+(8)/"11711)13$1-+&-%+5)'>/0-%1'Q)  DNA)(+#+,”)0" I/"& 1’)}41)?°55)
+1) %H#3&"=" &6"5",89) @4’ 140° +1)"s30)4%,458)/0"#% 1% &,)-4’ 041" 3-%6)
18&’0,% 19

Risks of discontinuing development projects

and regulatory approval of developed medicines

Sometimes development projects are discontinued after high levels
") G&T LAP &-) 4-)+)54-/441)"3)65%& M645) (77 5" &-9)P6%1%"&1 —-+)U)
1364)+1)-4"1)075+-%&,)e"4)-0+8 1 %o-Jo" &e"-4 )&’>-)65%&%M6+5V/4+1’ U0’)
+2? &)2%-4)+) 7% 0)~")# Go & To#IOB % &, )0% 129) F 30-4’ O#"0’ <)-4’0")% 1)-4’)0% 12)
-4+-)0’,35+-"08) +3-4"0%-%’ 1) Jo-40) ("") &"-) ,0+&-)"0) ?5+8) +//0"7+5<)
74%64)6+8&)4+7’)+&) SoH] +6-)" &)’ +0& Jo&,1<);"0)’>+#/5)$8)5"'2°0) 145° 1)
"O)#9%1 1° ()#IS" 1" &’)/+ 8H’ &-1);0"#)6"554-$"04-%" &)+,0" # &-19)P((% =
-%o" &45585)-4°0’)%1)-4’ N+&,’0)-4+-)38(? 1%0-+4$5’ 1%)’ 3°61)" HV 4+-0#+ =
6°3-%6+5)/0"(36-)6"35()O'#+% &)3&(’~6-’ ()3&-%5)+;-’0)+4//0"745)"0)0’ ,%o1 =
-0+-%" 8&)24%64)6"35()0" 135-)%&)-+)0? 1-0%6-%" &)";)+//0"7+5)"0)2%-A(O+2+5)
0" #) -4’) #+02’-9) :”) +0” 6300” &-58) &"-) +240’) ";) +88) 0%121)$’8"&()

general development risks that could significantly affect the net
assets, financial position and results of operations.

$I" #S % RGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ WRC)’ )H*

145

<".G>=;F":D7;:G!"3454!78G!.<<."3>8333:4

Risk of a temporary ban on products/production facilities or

of non-registration of products due to non-compliance with

quality standards

2°)+0°)0’[3%0’ ()-")6"#/58) 2%-4)-4 )4% 4’ 1-) 1-+&(+0(1)";)[3+5%-8) %&)

-4’ H+ &3;4+6-30%&,)" V4A+0#+6’ 3-%6+45)/0" (36-1)ZD"""()*+&3;+6-30%&,)
Practice). In this regard we are subject to the supervision of the
0° 35+-"08)+3-4"0%-%’ 19) !"8&(Jo-%" & 1) Yo!" 1" () $8) & +- Fo" & +5) 0 35+-"08)
+3-4"0%-%’ 1)6"35()0" 135-) %&)+)-’#/"04+08)$+&)"&)/0" (36-1b/0"(36-%" &)
3+6%5 %-%’ 1<) +&()/"11%$58) +;;’ 6-) &’ 2) 0’ ,%1-0+-%" & 1) 2%-4) -4’) 0" 1/°6-%7’)
+3-4"0%-89):’)-+2’)-4’)3-#" 1-)’53"0-)-")’ & 130" )6"#/5%+&6’ )?%-4)0’ ,3 =
5+-%"&18),35+058)/’ 0;"0#)"30)"28&)% &~’ 0&+5)%& 11’ 6-%o" & 14+ &(}H+51")6+008)
"3-)?>-0&+5) +3(%-19) @44+&21)-")-4’ 1’) [34+5%-8) +1130+&6’)/0"6' 11° 1<)
-4’)"66300’ &6’)";)+)0% 12)% 1)3&5%2’58<)A"2’ 7’ 0)6+ &&"-)$’ Y &-%0’58)035’()
"3-9) V7’ &(%o&,)"&)-4’)/0"(36-) 6" &6’ 0&’ ()+&() -4’) 1°7'0%-8)"3)-4’)
"$A’6-%"&<)1364)+)0% 12)6+&)4+7’ )+)60%-%6+5)&’ ,+-%7’ ) ToH/+6-)" &)-4’ )&’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations. Therefore, we
0+-")-4% 1)+1)+)# (%3#)0% 129

Operational failure risks

Further risks include operational failures due to fire or force majeure,
for example natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, which
6"35()5°+()-") +) 13$1-+&-%+5) %o&-’ 003/-%"&) "0) 0? 1-0%6-%" &)";) $31 %8&? 11)
4+6-%7%-Jo’ 19 \O&1";+0)4+1)%-)% 1" 11 %$5? HE)’ 6" &"#%6+558)7 %+$5’ <}-4’)DO"3/)
5%#%-1) %-1) (+#+,’)0% 121) 2%-4) %&130+&6’) 6"7° 0+,’ <)-4’) &+-30") +&()

> &-)"3)24%64)% 1)6" & 1-+&-58)+(+/~’ ()-")6300’ &-)0’ [3%0'#’ &-19)C%2’ =
2% 1? <)?”)+0’)’>/" "0% 121)";)/0" (36-%" &)"3-+,” 1)+&()-4’)0’5+-’()

13//58)$"--5’ &’621)-4+-) 6+&) $’)-0%,,’0’ () $8) -64& %6+5)/0"$5°#1) Yo&)
10"(36-%" &);-+6%5%-%’ 1)?%-4)T 084% ,4)6-+/+6%-8)3-To5 FoB+-Jo" &9): 4-0" )?"02%E.,)
-")6" &-%o&3"3158)#%-%,+-’)-4’) 0% 121) $8) #+2%&,) 0’ 35+0) %&T’ 1-H &-1<)
1’--% &,)3/) +5~’ O&+-%T’) 1306 %&,) "/- Fo" 81) +&()H#+%&-+%&M&,) W&T &-"08)
5°7°519)

P5-4"3,4)-4’)"66300" &6’)";)-4’ 1”)0% 121)% 1)6" & 1%(’0" ()3&5%2’ 58<)+&)
Jo8&(%T%(3+5) 7’ &-) 6"35() 447’) +) 60%-%6+5) &’ ,+-%T7’) °3;6-)"&)-4’) &’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations and are therefore
classified as a medium risk.

Risks of dependency on suppliers

6345 %-8)6"&-0"51)+5"8&,)-4’Y &- JO’ \7+53’ )644+%&)0’ 36’ )-4’)0% 12 1)0" 5+-"()

to product quality and availability. This starts with the qualification
"-J"30)13//5%’019)c3+5%-8)6" &-0"51)+51")%&653(’)6"#/0° 4’ & 1%’ )[3+5%-8)
requirements for raw materials, purchased semi-finished products
+&()/5+8&-19)?)40° 77? &( &-)" &) Jo8( JoT %o(3+5) 13//5%’ 01);"0)+)& 3#$' 0)

of precursor products, packaging materials and finished goods. In the
"TT &-)-4+-)"&’ )")-4’ 1’) 13//5%’01)630-+%5 1)"0)( Jo 16" &-%&3’ L/0"(36-%"&< +)
"0) 13//58) % 1) (%103/-’ (<)-4% 1) 6"35()/"~’ &-%o+558) 447’) +) 60%-%6+5) LHt/+6-)
"&)-4’) $3 1% &’ 11) 6"&6’ 0&’ (9) :%-4) 5" &,=-’ O#) 1-04’ ,%6) +55%+&6' 1) ;"0)
10°6301"0)/0"(36-1)60%-%6+5)-")13//58)+8&()/0%6’ +1)?’ 55)+1)+5-’0&+-%7’)
1"306%&,)1-O+-’,%? 1<)?”)0’ 36’ }-4’ 0" $+$%5%-8)" ;)"66300? &6’)";}-4’ 1”)

risks and rate them as unlikely. Overall, these are classified as
# (%3#)0%1219
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

146

Product liability risks
!"#/4+& 7%’ 1) To&) -4’) 64’#%6+5) +&() /4+0#+6’3-%6+5) %&(31-0%’ 1) +0’)

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

"Z454!78G!.<<."5>8353:4 !
H".6!;1:!>4:!.H!4.=37D!6:G37

S11? ()-")/0"(36-)5%+$%5%-8)0%121) %&)/+0-%635+09)RO"(36-)5%+$%5%-8)0%12HA’ JO" #/-+ &8)*’ 062)+-&()%-LYH/5 "8"? L}+0? H+6-%T’ J" &)&3#’0"31)1"6%+5)

64+.&)5’ +()-")6"&1%(’ 04$5’ 65+ %H#1);"0)(HF,” 1<)5"11)";)0°/3-+-%"&)+&()

6" 1-1)-")+7°0-) (444,” 19) °)44+-7’)-42’ &)"3-) -4’) 5%4$%5%-8) %& 1304+&6")
-44-)%1)1-+8&(+0() %o&)-4’ ) %o8&(3 1-08);"0)1364)0% 1219) "27? 05) %-)6"35()$’)
that the insurance coverage available is insufficient for individual
6+1°19)P5-4"3,4)-4’)"66300" &6’)";)/0" (36-)5%+$%5%-8)65+%# 1) %&)’ >6' 11)
")-4’)?>% 1 -Jo8&,) Jo& 130+8&6’)6"7’ 0+,')% 1)6"& 1 %o(?0" ()3&5%2’ 58<)%o&(%7%(3+5)
6+1°1)6"35() 1-%55)4+7’)-+) 60%-%6+5) &’,+-%T7’)’3°6-)"&)-4’) &’-)+11?-1<)
financial position and results of operations. We therefore rate a
1"? &-Jo+5)10" (36-)5%+$%5 %-8)0% 12) +1)-+)# (%o3#)0% 129

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage

Owing to our portfolio, we are exposed to a number of sector-specific
60%# 0% 1219)@4% 1)0"5+-” 1/0 %#4-0%58)-" VO" (36-1<)% &653(Jo&, 4+#"&,)"-4’0)
-4% 8&,1<)6"38&-' 03 %o-Jo&,<)%055° +5)644+8& &? 5% &,<)#% 13 1")+1)7 55)+1)4+55)-8/’ 1)
":) 10"7°0-8) 60%#? <) %&653(%o&,) +-—#/-1) +-) -4 1”) 60%#’ 19) 10%#’)

A’ &"# &+)1364)+1)68$ 060%H#’)+8&()’ 1/%" &+,’)6"35()’ [3+558)+:;'6-)

"30) % & 8" 14+-Jo" &1)"0) %o& Be" 14-%o" &)+$%05Jo-%’ 1)+1)13649
@""#$-+-0"(36-=0" 5+-’ (60% #’ <)+&)%Be~’08+5)6""O( Jo8e+-Jo""&)&’ -2"02)
covering all functions and businesses (“Merck Anti-Counterfeiting-
Operational Network”) was set up several years ago. In addition,
1°630%-8)# +130” 1)+0)%&)3 1’ +" VO"-”6-\/0" (36-1), +%08 1 -)6"3&-’0;? Fo-To8,9 )
Innovative technical security solutions and defined preventive

+//0"+64’ 1)+0°)31’()-")2+00)" 3)(+&,’01)0° 5+-%&,)-")68$’ 060%#’ +-&()
espionage. Measures to prevent risks and to prosecute identified
"3? &171)40°)6"&(36-’ ()%&)+55)-4’)0°5’7+&-) 60%H#’ )+0’ +1) %&)O5"1’)+&()
-031-?"0-48)6""/? 0-4-9" &)?%-4)-4’ 0? 1/"8& 1%$5’ )4+3-4"0%-%’ 19) @4 \%oH#/46-)
":)-4? 1°) 0% 121) "&)$31%&’ 11)" 04+-%"&1) 77’ &(1)"&)-4’) 0" 1° 6-%7’)
individual case, product-specific factors, the value chain, as well as
on regional aspects in particular. Our Corporate Security department
Jo1YO' 11" &1%$5’);"0)-4’)"7' 04556" 0( Fo &-+-Jo" &)"; }+55)#’ +130’ 1)%8&)-4% 140" +9)
*7°0455<)-4’)-40’+-)0? 135-%&,):0"#)60%#’ )%o&),’ &’0+5)%1) 1? &) +1)$’ %&,)
possible and is classified as a medium risk.

Opportunities due to an expanding
local presence in
For numerous markets in Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and
P;0%6+<)?’)’>/°6-)-4+-) o&)-4’)6"#%&,)8’ +01) +55) $31 %&’ 11) 16-"01)2%55)

6" &-Jo&3’)-")H#+2’)4$"7 S47 04,’) 6" &-0%$3-%" &1)-"),0"2-49)O&)"0(0)
-");30-40)'>/4+-&()-4% 1)/"~’ &-%o+5);3""0)"30)$3 1% &? 11? 15)? )4+7°)#"7° 0)

5"02+0() 2%-4) 1°7°0+5) %&T7’ 1-#° &-) /0"A’6-1) %&) 0° 6’ &-) 8°+019) F"0)
Jo8&1-+ 8&6? <)%o&)IMLN)?’ )%&T’ 1-’ ()}+0"38&()G LH % 55%" &)% 84% &+)-");30-4'0)
*>/+&()-4’)6+/4+6%-8)";) +) /4+0#+6’ 3-%6+5)#+&3;+6-30%&,) ;+6%5 %-8) +1)

high-growth markets

2°55)+1)+):30-4°0)G Id )#%55%" &) %&) +) #4+&3:+6-30%8,)/5+8&-)3"0)"30)C%:”)

Science business sector. Moreover, we are continuing our engagement)
Jo8&)P30%6+9) @4’),0°+-’0)5"6+5)/0" 1’ & 6") +8&()63 1-"#’0)/0"> %#%-8)6"35()

[oT 31) +)2’ 8) 6"#/’ -Jo-JoT ) (,”) +8(<) Yo) -4’ )#? (Jo3#) -") 5"&,) ~ OHS)

offers the opportunity for significant growth in sales and EBITDAy0’9

# (Yo) 6448 &’ 519) @4’) 6"8& 1% I~’ &-) +&() 5’ +558) 6"H/5%+&-)31’)";)-4’)
6448875 1)+-8&()-4’ %0)6" Be’ &-)% 1) Wott!" 0-+ &-)%oEe)-’ OH 1)" 3) %E60 +1 %&, +740" =
&’11)"3)"30)$04-8&(<)+#"&,)"-4’0)-4% &,19)* 062)-+2’ 1/0’ 6+3-%o" & 1)}+-&()
Jot 5°#’ &-1)/0"6 117 1)-")’ & 130") +2+0’ &’ 11)";)-4’)/0"70)4+8(5%E&,)
":) 1"6%+5) # (%+<) 6"&-0"55%&,) /3$5%6+-Jo" &) +&() +6-%T 58) #+&+,%&,)
6"H43& %6+-%o" &9)

Nevertheless, reputational risks could result, for instance through
13$5%6)(%+5" 3° 1)Jo&)1"6%+5)# (+9) °7? 0455<)?’ )O+-’)-4% 1)+1)+)5"2)0%129

H)(,(A), @ !&)*+*!,(-!%$$%&’/()’ )#*

P1)+)6"0/"0+-") ,0"3/)-4+-) "7 04-1) %&-’ 0&+-%o" & +558) +&() (3’)-")"30)
presence in the capital market, we are exposed to various financial
0% 121)+&()"//"0-38&%-%’ 19)P$"7’ }455<}-4’ 1’ )H+0")5%[3%(Jo-8H-&(6"3&-"0/+40-8 )
risks, financial market risks and opportunities, risks of fluctuations
Jo8&)-4’ #402’ -)7+53’ 1)"3)"704-F" &+5)-+&, 70$5’) +&() Yo&-+&,%$5’)+11-1<)
+1)2°55)+1)0% 121) +&()"//"0-3& Jo-%’ 1);0"#)/” & 1%" &)"$5%,+-Jo" &19

"345!78G!.<<.";>83;7!67879:6:8;!38!":D7;3.8 !
3.!;1:!>4:!.H!H3878=37D!384;">6:8;4

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, we use an active
management strategy to reduce the effects of fluctuations in
exchange and interest rates. The management of financial risks and
"Il"0-38& %o-Jo’ 1)$8)31%&,)(’ O%T+-%T’ 1)%o&.V+0-%635+0)% 10’ 35+-’ ($8) >’ &1%7’)
guidelines. Speculation is prohibited. Derivative transactions are
13$A’6-)-")6"& 1-+&-) 0% 12) 6"&-0"519)P) 1-0%6-) 1°/+0+-%" &)"3) 3&6-Jo"& 1)
$°-2°? &)-O+(%8&,<) 1-5 #’ &-)+&()6"&-0"5):3&6-Jo" & 1)%1)’ &130°(9

D3K>3G3;7!"3454
O&)"0(’0)-")’ &130’)%-1)6"&-%o&3’()’ >% 1-’ &6’ <)+)6"H/-+&8)#3 1-)$’)4+$5”)
to fulfill its commitments from operating and financial activities at all
-Jo 19)@" 0’ (36° V"~’ &-Jo+5)5 o[3%(Jo-8)0% 12.1 <)?” A+7 1-6’ &-0+45)D0"3/=?%( +?)
liquidity management system in place and a balanced maturity profile.)
The maturities of our financial liabilities are aligned with our planned
free cash flow. Furthermore, we have a multicurrency revolving credit
$4645 %-8)" WG )$%55%" &)?I%-4 +)’ 0#)3&-Fo5)IMIMK<)?4%64y’ & 130” 1)6"&-%&3%&,)
1"57’ 868) %;)+&8)5%[3%(%-8)$" --5’ &’621)"66309)P1)"30)5"+&)+,0" #’ &-1)
do not contain any financial covenants, these agreed lines of credit
6+&)$’) +667 11’ ()’7’&) %;) *’062\1) 60’ (%-) 0+-%&,) 14"35() 7 -’0%"04-"9)
P((%-%" & +5585)? A+7’ + )6"H 06% +5)/+/’ 09/0" 0-+4)2%-4)+ +> To 3#)
7"53#)")G —)L)$%55%"&9)
*7°0455<)-4’)5%[3%(Jo-8)0% 12) % 1)38&5%2’ 58)+8&()O+-’ ()+1)5"29

=.>85:"<57"321"3454

1"3.8&-"0/+0-8)0%121)+0% 1’):0"#)-4’\/"~’ &-F+5)(+35-)$8)+)/+0-8&’ 0)%&)O" & =
nection with financial investments, loans and financing commitments)
"&)-4?)" 8 )A4+-8& (4. &()0" 6 %T4$5" 1) %&)"/’ 04-%o8,)$3.1%8&? 11)" &)-4’)"-4'D
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0-

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, we review all
1"1%-%" 8&1) 0° 5+-%o&,) -")-O+(Jo&,)/+0-&’ 01) +&()-4’ %0) 60’ (%-) 0+-Jo&, 1) "&) +)
daily basis. We manage financial risks of default by diversifying our
financial positions and through the related active management of
our trading partners. Significant financial transactions involving
60° (%-)0%12)+0°)’ &-°0" ()%&-")2%-4)$+&21 +-& ()% & (3 1-0%+5)6"#/+&%? 1)-4+-)
447° )+),"""(60" (Jo-)0+-To&,9)*"0""'7’05)'"30)5+0,’ $+ & 2% &, 188 (%6+-” yU)-4’)
#35-%=6300" &68)0"7"57%&, )60’ (%o-);+6%5%-8)" 36 )$J%55F%" &)?+ 1)18&(W6-+-’ 8)
L_)$+&21)U)0’ (36 1)/"11%$5°)5" 11? 1)%&)-4’)’T’ &-)"3)C 435-9

@4’)1"57’ &68)+&()" 0-4-%o" +507 5"? &-)"3)-O-+( Go &, + 0-&’01)%1)
0” 35+058)0°7%’ 2 (H+ LV/+0-)")-4° HH Set, # &-)"5)"O+-F" &+5)6"3&-0 =
party risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed. The volume of receiv=
+$5° 1) ";)’+64) 631-"#'0) %1) 6+// () %&) 5%&’) 2%-4) -4’ Yo) 60 (%-) 0+-%&, 19)
IJo12=#%-J,+-To8&,)# +130’ 1<) 1364) +1) 60’ (%-) %& 130+&6’ <)+0’)3-%5%B’ ()+1)
appropriate. Nevertheless, defaults by isolated trading partners,
’T &)-A" 1°) 2% -4)"3-1-+-8( Go &,)60’ (%o-)0-+-Yo&, 1<)6+&&"-)$’)’ &-%0? 58)035°()
"3-<)45-4"3,4)04-’ ()+1)38&5%2’58)Z;30-4’ 0) % 8&3" O#+-Jo"&)6+&)$’);"3.&() %&)
“Credit risks” in Note (38) “Management of financial risks” in the
Consolidated Financial Statements).

Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall owing to
-4)38&5%2’ 580" $4+$%5%-8)" ;)"66300" &6’ )?%-4 + V"~’ &-Jo+5)60%-Jo6+5)&’ +-%T’)
376-9

H3878=37D!67"5:;!.<<."3>83;3:4!78G!"3454
P1)+)0’ 135-)";)"30)%&-’ 08 -+-%" &+5)$3 1%’ 11)+6-%7%o-%’ 1)+-8(),5"$+5)6"0/"0-+-’)
structure, we are exposed to risks and opportunities from fluctuations)
in exchange rates. These result from financial transactions, operating
receivables and liabilities, as well as forecast future cash flows from
1457 1)+&()6" 1-1) %&);"0" %,&) 6300" &689):”)31°)(°0%7+4+-%T 1)-")#+&+,’)
+8&()0" (36°)-4’ Hs "O'#? &-%" &’ (0% 121+ &()"//"0-3& %o-MW 1)Z;30-4’0)%E&;"0 =
mation can be found in “Derivative financial instruments” in the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Due to their possible
"66300 &6’) 2%-4) +) /"~’ &-%+558) 60%-%6+5) &’ +-%7’)’37°6-) "&) -4’) &’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations, foreign exchange
0+-’)0%121)+0’)0+-" ()+1)#’ (%3#)0%129

Variable interest and current financial liabilities are exposed to
the risks and opportunities of interest rate fluctuations. These are
$5 1" HH-&4,’ (4&0? (36 (13 1%&,)(? O%T+-%T 19)O&-’ 0" 1-)0-+-”)0% 121 4+7’)
$)/"~ &-Jo+558)H#"( O+-’ )&’ 4-07 Vo +.6-< +0’ )6"& 1% (0 ()3&5%2’ 58)+&()
/"1)5"2)0%121)"7' 04559

"3454!.H!36<73"6:8;!. H!E7D78=:!41::5!3;:64

@4’)6+008%&, )+#!"3&-1)"3) V8 7 Jo(3+5)$4+5+&6’) 14’ ’-)%-’#1)+0’)13$A’6-)
-")-4’)0% 12)";)644+&, %o&, #402’ -)+&()$31%&’ 11)6"&(%-%" &1)+&()-431)-")
changes in fair values as well. Necessary impairments could have a
significant negative non-cash impact on earnings and affect the
4+66"3&-%&,)0+-%o" 19)

$I" #S % RGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ WRC)’ )H*

147

@4% 1) +//5%’ 1)%8&+0-%635+0)")-4’ 4% ,4)5’7’ 5)" :)%o8e-+-8&, M$’ + 11-1) % 653 (WK,
5"(299055<) 24%64) #4+% 858) 0%’) 0"#) -4’) 30644 1’) /0%6) +55"6+-J%"&1)

H4(?) %&)6" & 8’ 6-%o" &) 2% -4)/+1-)+6[3% 1 %-%o" & 1)Z:30-4’ 0) %o&;" O#+-%o" &)6+&)
be found under “Goodwill” and “Other intangible assets” in the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). All relevant risks were
assessed during the preparation of the consolidated financial state=

# 8&-1)+-&()-+2’ &)%&-"}+-66"3&-)+66"0( Go &,589):’ O+-’)0%121)$’ 8" &()-4% 1)
+1)38&5%2’58)?%-4)+)60%-%6+5)&’ +-%T )VoHt/+6-9) @4 0" ;"0? <)-4% 1)% 1)? &) +1)
# (%3#)0% 129

"3454!178G!.<<.";>83;3:4!H".6!<:843.8!.ED397;3.84

P)4T )O"HEJ-#° &-1) %o 86" & 8’ 6-Fo" &)2%-A)/’ & 1%" &)" $5 %,+-Jo" &19) @4’)
present value of defined benefit obligations can be significantly
Jo&60" +1’ ("00 (36 ()$8)64-+8,” 1)%8-4 0" 5? 7+-&-)7+53+-Jo" KV +044’ -'01 <)
5"0)?>44/5°)-4’) %o&-’0? 1-)0-+4-’) "0) 33-30") 145408) %& 60" +1719) R’&1%"&)
"$5%,+-Jo" &1)+0" 0’ 354058)+1 17 11° (+1/+0-)"; +8 & 345 )4-6-3+0%+5)0"/"0-19)
@4’)"$5%,-+-%o" & 1) +0" )6"7'0'() $8) -4’) & 1%" &)/0"7% 1%" &1)0'/"0-’ () Yo&)
-4°)$454+86')14?-)$+1’()"&)-4’ 41 13#/-%" & 1)41)";)-4’ )$4-54+86’ )14"’-)

date. Some of these obligations are funded by plan assets (further
information can be found under “Provisions for pensions and other
post-employment benefits” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). To the extent that pension obligations are covered by
/54+&)+11?-1) 6"& 1% 1-%8,)";) Fo&-’ 0" 1-=$? 40% &,) 1°630%-%’ 1<) 1440" 1<) 0’ +5)
estate, and other financial assets, decreasing or negative returns on
-4°1)+11°-1)6+&)-+(7’ 01°58) +3; 6-)-4’) -+%0) 7453’) ";)/5+&) +1 1-1) +&()

thus result in further additions to pension provisions. By contrast,
0% 1% &,)0" -308& 1) %&60" +1”)-4’)7+53’)";)/5+&)+1 1’-1<)-40°$8)0? 135-%&,) Jo&)
excess cover of plan liabilities. We increase the opportunities of fluc=
-3-+-%" 8 1)%o8)-4’ #402’ -)7-+53°)"\/5+-& + 11-1)"&)-4’)" &’ 44+ &()+8()0" (36")

the risks on the other by using a diversified investment strategy. @4’)
38&5%2’ 58)0% 123" "WV 8 1%" 8)"$5Jo,+-%o" 16" 35(A+7? "C704 )&? +-%T)
effects on the net assets, financial position and results of operations,
and is to be classified as low.

744:446:8:4!E2!38G:<:8G:8;!"7;389!79:8=3:4

@4’ G+/%-+5)H#+02’-)3 1 1-4? HLL’ LL &-1/3$5% 14’ ()$8)0+-%&, +,’ &6%’ | )
to help lenders assess the risks of a financial instrument used by
Merck. We are currently rated by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and
Scope. Standard & Poor’s has issued a long-term credit rating of A
with a stable outlook, Moody’s a rating of Baai with a stable outlook,
and Scope a rating of A-, likewise with a stable outlook. In line with
market procedures, our financing conditions are closely tied to our
0+-%o&,9)@4’ )$? -- 0+ )0+-% &, <)-4 H#"'0"):+-7"0+$58)?’ )}6+&),’ &’ 04558 )0+% 1’)
$3&(1)"&)-4’)6+/%-+5)#+02’-)"0);0"#)$+&219 )
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

148

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES) }

Overview of rating development

S&P/Moody s

PbPI

@ sap ©)*""(8\1_—+») +) ©) Scope

PUbPK

BBB+/Baal

BBB/Baa2

2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017

D#2, @!&)*+*

D’ &’04+558<)?’) 1-0%7’)-")#%& TH WB’ )+&()6"&-0"5)"30)5’,+5)0% 1219) @")-4% 1)
*&(<)P AtT’-+2’ &)4)&’ 6 114.08 0°6+3-%" &1)-")%(? &-%:8)-40’ +-1 +&()
(3? &()"30)0%,4-1)?4’ 0" )&’6’ 114089

Nevertheless, we are still exposed to litigation risks or legal pro=
6°’ (%o&,19) O&)/+0-%635+0k) -4’ 1”) %&653(’)0% 121) %&)-4’) +0’ +1)";)/0"(36-)
5%+$%5%-8<) 6" -Jo-%o" &) + &() + &-%-031-) 5+2<)/4+0#+6’3-%6+5) 5+2<)/+-’ &-)
5+2<) -O+( #402) 5+2<) +>) 5425) +8&()’ &7%0" &H#? &-+5)/0"~’ 6-%o"&9) P1) +)

0’ 1°+064=$+1 ()6"#/+ &8<)? )4+7’)+)7+534$5’)/"0-3"5%")";) %8&(3.1-0%+5)
10"? 0-8)0% 4-1<)/+-’ &-1)+&()$04+&(1)-4+-)6"35()$’ 6"#’)-4’)-+0,’-)"s)
+--+621) +&() %& 0% &,’#’ &-19) @4’)"3-6"#?)"3) 33-30" )/0"6?’ (%&,1)"0)
those currently pending is difficult to foresee.

F"0)%&1-+ &6’<)?”)+0’)6300 &-58)%&T"57’ ()%&)5%-%,+-%0" &)?%-4)* 062)E"9)
Inc. (outside the United States and Canada: Merck Sharp & Dohme
!"0/9)Z MSD)), against whom we have filed lawsuits in various countries.)
This company has also sued us in the United States for trademark
T& 0% &,’ # &-<)+#"&,)"-4'0)-4%&,19

J3°)-")5"&,) 1-+-3-" 1) "3) 5 %#%-+-%" &1)"0) Fo&) L"#?) 6+ 1’ 1)-4’) +$ 1&6")
-4°0°":<) Jo-) 1) &"-)/"11%$5°)-")035’)"3-)-4+-) 2”) 2%55) 3+6’) -4%0(=/+0-8)
65+%#1)+0% 1 %&,) 0" #)-4’) 144) Yo 13’)? 1/%-’)-4’) 6" &6531 Yo" &)"3) 5°, +5)
proceedings. Court or official rulings or settlements can lead to
expenses with a significant impact on our business and earnings.

V1/%-’Y >’ &1%T YO 6+3-Jo" & +08) +130’ 1<)&" &=6"#/5 4&6’ )?%o-4)
5+21)+8&()0" 35+-%" &1)5? +(W&,)-")O’5+-’ ()6"& 1’ [3’ &6’ 1)6+&)&’7’0)$’)
6"#/5’-58)'>653C(9

@+>)0%121)+0")0' 7%’? ()0’ 35+058)+&()181~#+-%6+558)$8)D0"3/)@+>9)
1"00" 1/"&(Jo&, )1-+8&(+0(1)+-8&(),3%(? 5% 8’ 1)+-0" 3 1 ()%&)"0? O-")%(? &-% 38)
-+>)0% 121)+-)+&)’ +058) 1-+,’)+1)?’55)+1)-")0°7%’ 25) 7+53+-’)+&()6"00" =
1/"&(%8&,58)#%& Yo#IOB’ )-4’ #9). % 12)0’ (36-%o" &)#’ +130" 1)+0°)6""0(Go&+-’()
$8)D0"3/) @+>)-",’-4°0)2%-4)-4’) 13$1 %(%+0%’ 1)+$0"+(9

O&)"30)'"/% 8 %o" &<)-4’)5+713%- 1)? 160%$’ ()$?5"2)6"& 1-%-3-’)-4 HH" 1-)
significant legal risks. This should not be seen as an exhaustive list
"3)4-55)5° ,+5)(Jo1/3-’ 1)6300" &-58)"&,"%&,9
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0-

"3454!H".6!<".G>=;F":D7;:G !
78G!<7;:8;!D7L!G34<>;:4
We are involved in a patent dispute in the United States with Biogen
0&69)Z*+11+6431’--1<) USA) (“Biogen”). Biogen claims that the sale
":)$%; * in the United States infringes on a Biogen patent. The
disputed patent was granted to Biogen in 2009 in the United States.
Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck and other pharmaceutical companies)
5"0) %& 30% &,’#° &-)";)-4% 1) /4-’ &-9) * 062) (77 &C () Yo- 153) +, + I%0&1-) +55)
455’, +-%" &1) +8() $0"3,4-) +) 6"3&-'013%-) 654+%#I0&,) -4+4-)-4’)/+-’ &-) M1)
Jo8&T4+5%o( +8 ()8"~)Vo8s0%&,’ ()!"&)$8)"304-6-%" & 19)P)*+ 02#+&)4? 40% &,}""2)
place in January 2012, leading to a decision in the first quarter of 2016.)
A first-instance ruling is now expected for 2018. A courtordered
# (Jot+-%" &)10"6”’ (Jo8&,) (Jol) &'"-) 5° +()-") +&) +,0° # &-)$?-2 &)-4’)
140-9’ 19): 447’ )-+2’ &) +110" /0%+-’ +66" 3&-%o&, )#? +130" 19)

Nevertheless, potentially critical negative impacts of the litigation
on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

O&)-4)R’0;"0#+8&6" )*+-’0%+51)$3 1% &’ 11)1°6-"05)*?062)%1)%&T"5T ()%o&)+)
5°,+5)(%1/3-’)?%-4) INC Corporation, Japan, (INC). INC)65+%#1)-4+-)$8)
#48 3:46-30%&, )+&(jH#+02’ -%8&,)6’0-+%&)5%[3%( 608 1-+5 1)#%>-30" 1<)*’062)
4+1) %&:0%&,’ (INC) /-+-’ &-19) *°062) #4+% &-+%& 1) -44-) INC\1) /+-’&-)
Jo 80% &,'#? &-)+110-%" &)%1)%&T+5F0()"2%O&,)=")0? 5?’ 7+&-)/0%"0)+0-)+&()4+1)
filed the corresponding nullity actions, which in three cases were
already successful in first-instance proceedings. JNC has filed com=
15+% 8-1) %&)’ +64)6+1’9)O&)-+)6"00’6-%" &)-0%+5<)+)(° 6% 1%" &) %o&):+7IOVC)
was issued in the second instance. Both Merck and the Korean Patent
Office have filed complaints with the Korean Supreme Court. In par=
+55’5INC filed two patent infringement suits. In 2017, a first-instance
(76% 1%" &) 241) %113’() %&):+7"0)"3)*062<)24%64) JNC)-4’ &)+//°+5’(9)
Merck has taken appropriate accounting measures. Nevertheless, a
potentially critical negative impact of the litigation on the financial
1" 1%-%o" 8)6+ 8&8" -)$’ 035° ()"3-9

In July, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., USA, E.R. Squibb & Sons L.L.C.,
USA, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Japan, and a private individual
filed suit in the United States District Court of Delaware against Merck
and Pfizer Inc., USA, (Pfizer) based on the allegation that Bavencio: )
infringes a U.S. patent. The plaintiffs accuse multiple companies of
infringing a U.S. patent relating to methods of treating tumors with
anti-PD-L1 antibodies. Both Merck and Pfizer have initiated legal
1-°/1)-")C 7 & 0-4 #157’ 19)PY/"~’ &-%o+558)60%-Jo6+5)&’ +-JT’ )To#/-+6-)" 3)

the litigation on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

$I" #S % RGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ WRC)’ )H*

149

oTi"!9.5:"86:83!<".=::G3894

+/-%7+ * : In December 2011, the federal state of Sdo Paulo, Brazil,
13°()31);"0) (HE, 1) $643 1’)"3) +55", ()6"5531%"&)$’-7"’ &)740%"31)

/4+0#+6° 3-%6+5)6"#/-+8&%’ 1)+8()+&)+11"6%+-%o" &)":)/+-Jo’ &-1) 13:37 0%&,)
:0"#)/1"0%+1%1)+8() 7% -%5%,"9) @4%1)6"5531%"&) Jol) +55°,’()-")447°)$”? &)
To 8’ &? ()=") Fo&60" $1’) 14571) "3)-4°) # (%6%&’ 1) :0"#)-4’) 6"H#/+&% 1)

Jo&T"ST ()-")-4’) C-O%H? &-)";)+-Jo’ &-1) +&() 1-4-7) 6"3;019) *"0""'7' 08)

14-0’ &-1)-+0")+51")13%&,);"0)(-HE,’ 1) %&)6"&&’ 6-%o"&)2%-4)-4’ 10" (36-)
t/-%7+ * 9)

PET? +2’ & 4/10" /0% +-’ 4-66" 3 &-%o&, )#’ +130" 1);"0-4? 17)%1 13° 19)
.Jo121)%o&)’ >6’ 11)";)-4%1)2%-4)+) 13$ 1-+&-%+5)&’ +-W%T’)’ 3;’6-)"&)-4’)&’-)
assets, financial position and results of operations cannot be ruled
"3--<)$3-)4+-0°)6"& 1%(’0" ()3&5%2’ 589) @4% 1)% 1)0+-’ (+1) +)#’ (%3#)0% 129

On July 6, 2017, Merck received notice from the European Commission
(EU Commission), in which the EU Commission informed Merck of its)
preliminary conclusion that Merck and Sigma-Aldrich allegedly trans=
#%-~’ () %o&6"00'6-) +&(b"0)#% 15° +(%o&,) o8&:"O#+-Jo" 8) 1 %0-4Jo&)-4’) 16"/”)":)
the acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. The EU Commission received regis=
-0+-%" &":)-4’) #0,’ 0) "&) P/0%5) IL<) IMLH) +&() ,0+8&-’()65’+0+&6’) "&)

June 15, 2015 subject to the condition that Merck and Sigma-Aldrich
divest parts of the European solvents and inorganic chemicals busi=
nesses of Sigma-Aldrich in order to resolve antitrust concerns.
According to the preliminary viewpoint of the EU Commission com=
municated in the letter dated July 6, 2017, Merck and Sigma-Aldrich
2%-44? 5()%o8e)-4% 16" &&’ 6-%o" &) Wott!" 0-+8e-)Mo&e:" O##+- Jo" & 4 $"3- +E) Vo8 Be" 7+-To""&)
project allegedly relevant for certain laboratory chemicals of signifi=
6+&6’ to the analysis by the EU Commission. According to the EU
W"##% 119" &<)-A’ )Jo 8&8" 7+-Fo" & VO" A’ 6-)14"'35()4+7’ )$”? &)%&653(’ ()%&)-4’)

O°# (%’ 1)/+62+,’9)P)#’?-Jo&,)";)-4’)6""/’ 04-%o" & VO" 6’ (30")$’-?”&)

the EU Commission and Merck took place on February 5, 2018. The
"8 "%8,) W&T 1-%,+-Jo" &1) +0" )5 o#%-’()-")-4’) > +4 Fo & +- Fo" &)"3)7 Fo" 5+-Fo"& 1)
of EU merger control procedures and do not affect the validity of the
EU Commission’s decision to approve the merger. The risk is considered)
likely with a critical negative impact on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations and is thus classified as high.
P//0"/0%+-’)+66"3&-% 8, )#’ +130” 1)4+7’ )$?’ &)-+2’ &9
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

150

"3454!.L389!;.!7!4:;;D:6:8;!79"::6:8; !
-HI51:!G35:4;:G!19:8:"3=4!19"><

R+0">’-%&’ Q)O&) 6" &&’6-%o" &) 2% -4)-4 (MT 1-°(),’ &0%61)$31%&’ 11<) 2”)
are subject to antitrust investigations by the British Competition and
*+402’-)P3-4"0%-8)Z_ !*P ) in the United Kingdom. In March 2013, the
+3-4"0%-9%? 1) Yo&:"O# ()3.1)"3)-4’) +11 3#/-%" &)-4-+4-) 4) 1 --5°#’ &-)+,0”’ =
ment entered into in 2002 between Generics (UK) Ltd. and several
subsidiaries of GlaxoSmithKline plc, (UK) in connection with the anti=
depressant drug paroxetine violates British and European competi=
tion law. Merck, the then owner of Generics (UK) Ltd., was allegedly
To&T"5T () To&)-4’) &’ ,"-Fo+-Jo" &1) 3"0)-4’) 1?--5°#? &-) +,0°'#’ &-) +&() M1)
therefore liable. The investigations into Generics (UK) Ltd. started
Jo&)IMLL<)?%-4"3-)-4% 1)$’ Yo&,)28"?&)-")319)‘&)F’ $03+08 )LL<)IMLd<)-4’)
!*P imposed a fine in this matter. We have taken legal action against
this fine. Appropriate accounting measures have been taken. This is
currently classified as a medium risk with a moderate negative impact)
on the financial position.

T/1,U&#* Fo/&A#* I &) E+

*30) 3-307) ,0"2-4) % 1)4% ,458)(1’ &( &-)"&)"30) %& &"14-%T ) 1-0" &,-49)
@40°3"0"<)-4’Y>0-% 1? H&()’ &, +, &-)"3) H/5"8"? 1) %&)+55)16-"01)
Jo8&)24%6A4)?’ "1 0+-’) +0’ )6036%+5)-")-4’) 1366’ 11)";)-4’)6"#/+&89) @4’)
#+02’-1)0°5’7+&-)-")-4’) 6"#/+&8) +0’) 64-+0+6-’0%B’ () $8) %&~’ &1%T7’)
competition for qualified specialists and by the challenge of being
1°06? %7’ ()$8)-4’)/3$5%6)+ 1) +&)-+--0+6-%7’)’#/5"8’ (D)F536-3+-%" &)0%121)
specific to countries and industries have to be identified ahead of
time and specifically addressed in order to keep the skills and expertise
60%-%6+5)-")1366' 11)+8&()$3 1 %8&? 11)?%-4%&)-4’ )6"#/4+ & 89

7603 %-% 8, )+8&()O? -+% 8& %8&,) 1/6 %+5% 1-1)+&()-+5’ &-)% 1)-4’0";"0")"&’)
":)-4’)2’8)/0%"0%-%’ 1)3"0)-4’ )6"#/+8&8)+&()% L)#-+&+,’()-40"3,4)-4’)
}+0,’-"()31°)"3<) 3"0) %8&1-+&6" <)’#/5"8’ 0) $048 (%8,) Jo&Jo-Jor-WT’ 1<) ,5"$45)
+5? &- 1H &()1366' 11%" & H+ &+, # &-VO"6' 11 1)41)?55)4-1)6"#/ -%-%7’)
compensation packages. Nevertheless, employee-related risks that
+5;°6-) $3 1%&’ 11)+6-%7%-%’ 1) +0’ )/"11%$5’ <)’ 7’ &)-4"3,4)-4’ %0) WoHt/+6-) % 1)
difficult to assess. We rate this as a medium risk.

3(B%&1,’)Jo(V#AC(% @ %20!&)*+*

)31’)+)7+0%’-8)";)O@)181-’#1)+&()/0"6? 11’ 1) %&)"00)-")"/-Yot#+558)
13//"0-)"30) ,5"$4+5%B+-%" &9) @0’ &(1) %&) %o&;" O#+-%" &) ~648"5",8)"37°0)
74+0%"31)"//"0-38 %o-%’ 1)$3-)+51")4+0$"0)0% 1219

$I #S % BP NG(N")*+*1,(-1. $$ %&'/()’ )H#*

Risks due to cybercrime and the failure

of business-critical IT applications

O&60° +1% &,) %o8~’ O&+-To" &+5)&?-2"02ME, + &()-4’)0’ 54-()/" 11 %$%5%-8)";)O@)
181-#)+$31°)+0°) 0’ 135-%&,) %&) 68$’ 060%#’ )0% 121) ;"0) *°062<) 1364) +1)
-4)+%530°)":) 6’ &-0+5) O@) 18 1-#1<)-4’)(%165"130’)"0)5"11)"3)-4’)(+-+)
integrity of confidential data from research and business activities,
-4?) #4. & Jo/35+-Jo" &)";)O@) 18 1- #1) %&)64’#%6+5)/0"6’ 11) 6"&-0"5<)"0)+&)

Jo &60" +1’ ($30 &)"OH-(7’ 01’ )%H#/+6-)"&)O @)18 1-#1)+1)+)0" 135-)";)7%031)
+--+6219)

@4’ y*062)D0"3/)"0+-’ 1)+&)%o&s" 0#+-Jo" &VO"~"6- Go" Be Bet, # &-)
181~#)$41°()"&) — ISO)INMML)6"#/0% 1% &,) 1°630%-8),3%(° 5% &’ 1)+1)?"55)
+1)"0,4+& %B+-%" &+5)+&()-’64& %6+5)#’ +130’ 1)-")/0"7’ &-)+ &()+((0" 11)0@)
1°630%-8) % 8&6 %(’ &-19) D5"$+558) 31’ ()O@)+//5%6+-%" &1);"O#)-4’) $+1% 1) :"0)
-4) 6" &-046-3+5) (°5%7’ 08) ":)/0"(36-1) +&() 1"53-%" &19) @4’):+% 530)"; +?)
business-critical IT applications could therefore have a direct influence
"&)"30)4+$%5%-8)-")(°5%T 0) +&()-4’) [3+5%-8) ";)"30)/0"(36-19) @4% 1) +51")
+115 %? 1)-")-A’):+%530" J" 4)(+-+)6’ &~’(D)@")+64%’ 7-4’ 0” [3%0" ()1°07%6")
quality, we use a quality management system certified to ISO)_MML)
-44-)451")4//5%’ 1)-")-4’)/0"7% 1%" &)";)O @9)

O&)+((%-Jo"&<)-") 0? (36°) -4°) 0%12)":) -+% 530’ <) 2”) " O+-") 177045)
0° (B&(4+8-58)( 1%, 8 ((4-4)6’ &-’019)C%2’ 2% 1’ <)6"#/5 %6+-Jo" &1)?%-4)-4”)
644&,'"'7’0)";)O@) 18 1-"#1)6"35()&’ -+-%T’ 58) Wott] +6-)-4’)’ +08 Jo8, 1) 1%-3+ =
=o" &I)!5" LH" &%-"0%8e,)" 3}60%-Jo6+5)O@ V0" A’6-1)107 1+" )H#%-%,+~”)-4% 10% 129

J 1/%-’)-4’ Y#Jo-%o +-To&, HP +130" 1)-+2’ & 4+ &():386-%o" &+5)6" &-Io&3%-8)
/5+8&1<)-4’)’3:’6-1)";)68’ 060%# )"0)-4’);+%530’)";)$31%&’ 11=60%-%6+5)O@)
applications and their influence on the net assets, financial position
+&()0°135-1)"3) "7 0-4-%"&1) +0’) 6" & 1% (0° ()4%,4) 0% 121) "2% &,)-")5%2’ 58)
+8 ()/"~’ &-%+558)60%-J6+5)&’ +- JT’ ) oH 46-19

(M&M 1#C,@!,(-1* BH O!1&)*+*

P1)+)6"#/+&8)?%-4),5"$4+5)/0" (36-%"&)"/ 0+-%"&1<)7)40’Y >/"17'0-")

0% 121)"s\/"11%$5° HH, HV "/5? S),"""(L)4+-&()" 300 /3-+-Jo""&9)P3(Jo- 1 <)

6" &135-%&, H-&()-O+% & %o8,)" &) & 100" 8H? &-+5/0"~"6-Jo"& + &()"663/+-o" &+5)
4°45-4)+ &()1+;'-8)#%& SoH#IB’ )-A4’ 10% 121)-" "5? HEV &T OO" SH? &-9 )
O&)"0(°0)-" &130’)-4’ 6" &-% &3%-8)"W5+8-)+8()’ [3 %/#’ &-<)” jt" 8 %-="0 )
-4’1°)0%121)$"-4)+-)"30)"2&)1%-" 1+ 1)?55)4+-1)4-)13//5%’01)+&(6"&-0+6-)
manufacturers. By adhering to high technical standards, our rules of
6" &(36-)+&()+55)5’,+5)0? [3%0'# &-1)%&)’ &7%0" 8H? &-+5)/0"~6-Jo"&) +80)
"663/+-%" &+5)4’ +5-4)+-&()1+;’-8<)?’ Y &130’)-4’ V0" 1° 07+-%" &)";),"(1)

and assets. We have taken sufficient appropriate accounting measures)
for the environmental risks known to us. Nevertheless, we classify
these as a high risk since a critical negative impact on the financial
1" 1%-%o" 86+ 8&8" -)$” 035° ()"3-9
W"#$% &()*+&+,# &-).°7"0- $I" #S % RGN" )*+*1,(-1. $$ WRC)’ )H* 1 5 1

"4 19%B ! C#I-)M#* 14#(N!,AO/)*)’) (I
(-!)CH#2&,”)%(!%BIA%1$,(0#*!,(-!
P/*)(PeH PE

000° 1/°6-%7’)";)-4);+6-}-4+-)+6[3% 1 %-%" & LH+(? Y%E)-A4’V+1-MW+7)$”’ &)
1366” 11;3558) 6"#/5°-"(<)-4”) 0%12)";) 6"&(36-%&,)-4”) +6[3% 1%-%" &) +8()

Jo&-’ O+-To" &Y >%1-1);"0);3-30" 4048 146-%" &19)@4% 1)% O53’ 1<+#"&,)"-4’0)

4% 8,1<)-4? )To&+$%05%-8)-" Hf ?-)1+5? 1)7"53#?}-+0,’- 14+ &()4%,4’ 0) %o&-’ 0+-%o"&
6"1-1)-44+&)?>/’6-’(<) +1) 55) +1)-4’)+%530’)-")# ?-) 18&’ 0,8) ,"+519)

@4? (WT 1-# &-)";)6" H+ & J’ 1)+-8e()$3 1 V8? 11? 1)6-+&)5? +()-")5%4$%5%-8)7%o 1 =
e=J%1)-4’)$38" OX); "0)% 8 1-+&6’)-40"3,4)% 8 H#8%-8)6543 1 1+&(),3-+0+8-””

6" ##%-#’ &-19) @40"3,4) 1-0"&,)(3’)(%5%,’ &6’ )/0"6' 11" 1) +&()65" 158)

H+ &+, ()%8~’ ,0+-%" & YO" 11° 1<)?”)172)-")0" (36 4’ VO" $4$%5%-8)"s)

"66300" &6’)":)-4% 1)0% 129) @4’ 0” ;"0"<)2”)65+11%;8)-4% 1 )+1)+)5"2)0% 12)2%-4)
+&)3&5%2’ 580" $+$%5%-8)"3)"66300" &6’ 4 &("~” &-To+558)H#"(? O+-’)8&’ +-%T’)
effects on the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

M#&,@ @!M)#Q!%B!’ C#I&)*+1,(-!
Vo$$I&’ ()’0!*)'1,”) FC 1,(-!
(24 1#C LPR LAC

Although the number of risks reported is higher than the specific
opportunities identified, we consider the distribution of risks and
"U"0-38%o-%? 1)-")$’ )$+5+86’ (9)P)$+54+86' ()"7°0+55)7% 2)%o1 5 1")13//"0-'(
$8)-4?):4-6-)-44-)&’-)145? 14-8&()$3 1% &’ 11)1366' 11)4-0’)$3%5-)"&)+N(%T 01’)

)

)
)

)

0+&,”)"VW4-+0#+6"3-%6+5)+8()64'#%6+5/0" (36-1);"0}4)7+0%’ -8)")%&(31 =

-0%’ 19P1)-4”) #402’ -1)(%::'0) %&)-4’ %0) 1-036-30" )+&()’6"&"#%6) 6865" 1<)
this diversification helps to lower risk.

The most significant individual risks in the businesses have been
S&H () Fo&)-4’)0°/"0-) +$"7’ <) 2% -4) $31 % &’ 11=0°5+-’ (0% 121) $’ %&,) -4’)
most significant alongside legal risks.

:%-4) 0’ 1/’6-)-")4%,4) +80) # (%3#) 0% 121<) 6°0-+%&) 644+&,’1)4+7’)
0°135-()+1)-4’) +11 114? &-)";) -4’) %8(%7%(3+5) 0% 121) 4+1)";)6"301’)
altered over the fiscal year due to changing external and internal

conditions, while the overall risk profile remained stable. Thanks to
-4? 0% 12)0" (36-%" & #’ +130” 1)-+2’ & U)1364}H-1)-4’)6"& 1% 1” &-)GHS # & =
-+-Fo" &)" H+ 8c, # &H6-Jo"&)Z"0,+ KIB +-Jo" K +50 1/"&1%$%5%-8)+-&(0"6’ 11 )
improvements), existing insurance coverage and accounting precau=
tions - we take counteraction, in particular against significant risks.

@4’)"7'0455)0% 12)";}-4’ D0"3/<)?4.%64)% 1) 0%T’ ();0"#)-4’ YO" $+ $%5%-B=
weighted aggregation of the identified risks, leads to the assess#’ &-)
-44-)? 4-0’ )&"-) >/" 1 (-")0% 1216’ & +0%" 1)"}+)&+-30)-")-40" +-’ &)-4’)
*>%1~’ &6’)":)-4’)DO"3/)+ 1 +),"% &,)6" &6’ 0&)"0);"0)?4%64)6"7’ 0+,’ )+&()
financing of the losses is questionable. We are confident that we will
6" &-% 8&3’ )-")1366" 11;3558)#+1-’0)-4’ 64-455’ &,’ 140% 1 %&,);0"#-4’ HS$"7’)
0% 121)%&)-4’);3-30")+1)?°559

O&)"30)7%? 25) $31 %&’? 11=0°5+-"()"//"0-3& Yo-%’ 1)"33°0)-4’) 0’ +-’ 1-)
[© 8 -%o+59)P&)VoH#|"0-+8-) 5°#? &-)4’ 0’ )%1)-4? 6" &-%&3"31) >/4+& 1 Jo" &)";)
our businesses in Asia, Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East.
With the successful focusing and continued intensification of our
0° 1°+064)+& 077° 5"V#? &-H6-%7%-MW’ 1<)P )248-)-")$’ 4$5’)-")6" &-%&3’)
-")"570)"30)63 1-"#° 01) % Be" 74+-%T VO" (36-1) + BA’ 5/1441” HH4+-02’-19)
OTOP ES L")6"&1"5%(4-’)"30) >/ 0-% 1’ )%&)&3#’0"3 1)+55%+&6" 1)2%-4)
Jo&(3.1-0% +5) /+0-&’01)+1) 2°55) +1) 74+0%"3 1) 3&%T’ 01% 1) +8) %o8e~’ O&+-%) KS
"0,48 %B+-Jo"& 19): +0” HH4-2%&,)-+0,"~’ (KT 1’ &-1)%&);3-30"= 0%’ &-()
6"#/+&%’ 1) +8&() 1-+0-=3/1)7%+)"30) #062) X’ &-30" 1)O&7’ 1-# &-) F3&()
+&()"30)P66'5’0+-"00" ,0+#19)@4)-"/J6)";)%o BeBe" 1+-Jo" Be) To| +-}-4’);"0" 0" &- )
of all our activities. Externally, this is becoming particularly apparent
-40"3,4) "30) &??) O& &"7+-%"&) | &-0) +-) DO"3/) 4’+([3+0-'01) %&)
J+0#1-+(-<)?4%64)% 1)-"\C7° 5") Jo8e~")}+)&365°3.1)";)60" +-%7%-8)+-)*’ 0629)
The activities listed hold significant opportunities for us in the medium)
-")5"&,)~’ O#<)$? 8" &()-4’)3&(?058%&,);"0’ 6+ 1-7 0%"(9

293013’ }-4’)"//"0-38& %-%’ 1)-4+-H-0% 1’ +8)’ 6% 8-4’ WO) >/6-"()
576-1) %&)-4’):"0°6+1-)77’ SAP 8&-)"3)"30)2’ 8Y0;" 0#+-&6 )%8e(W6+-"01 YU)
&’-)1+5’1<) EBITDA pre and business free cash flow. Furthermore, we
19055)+6-J7’ 58) 1°°2)&’2)"//"0-3& %o-W’ 1<)>+#%&’)-A’ To) WHS’ #’ &-+-To" &)
+&()(O%T’)-4#);"024+0()24’0")+//0"/0%+-9)O;)"//"0-3.& Yo-Jo’ 1) +0% 1?) Jo)
+((Fo-%o" &)-")-4’) "0" 6+ 1-)(°7°5"/#"’ &-1<)"0)-4’ 1’)"6630)#"0’ )[3%6258)
-44+&)4-&-%6%l-+-’ (<)-4% 1)6"35()4+7’)6"00" 1/"8(%&,58) J" 1%-WTY +°6-1)"&)
our net assets, financial position and results of operations.
W"#$ % 8? ()*+&4,# &-)7"0-

152

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

Report on Expected Developments

The following report provides a forecast for fiscal 2018 of the devel=
"AE 8)" 4)" 062)D0"3/)}+-&()%-1)-40”’ $31 %&’ 11)16-"01QYY’+5-46+0"< )
Life Science and Performance Materials. The forecast again covers
"30)2’8)/’0;"O#+8&6’) Jo8( %o6+-"01) +1) %&)-4’)/0°7%"3 1) 8’ +05) &-HP 58) &’-)

1+5’1<)EBITDA pre and business free cash flow. On September 5, 2017,)

$31%&’ 11)+0”)$’ % &,)’ >+#% 8’ (9)@4% 1)+& +58 1% 1)";)1-0-+-’ ,%6)"/-%" &1)4+()
&"-) 8°-)$?? &) 6"H/5’-’() 24’ &) -4%1) 0°/"0-) 241) /0°/+0°(<) +&() "&)

December 31, 2017 the Executive Board came to the conclusion that
+)(%T 1-# &-)";)-4’)!"&13# 0) Y? +5-4)$3 1% &’ 11) 2% -4%&)LI )#"&-41)%1)
&"-)-")$?)6"& 1%? 0’ ()+1)7’08)5%2’ 589) @4’0’ ;"0’ <)"30);"0’6+1-)%1)$+ 10)

*° (162) +& &" 3&6" ()-44-) 1-0+-,%6) "/-Jo" 81) "0)-4’) !"& 13#’ 0) Y’+5-4)

on an unchanged portfolio compared with fiscal 2017.

FORECAST FOR THE MERCK GROUP) )

)

Actual results

G)#%55%"& 2017 F"0'6+1-);"0)IMLV Key assumptions
U)F"C0+-’)"0,+& %6),0"?-4)%&)Y’ +5-46+0’ )(3’)-") 1-0" &,)(8&+#%61)%&),0" 2-4)
#402’ -1)+1)?°55)+1)%&60’ +1%&,) 145’ 1)";)*+7’&65+( * and Bavencio*
- Solid organic growth in Life Science, slightly above expected market growth
U)$Slight to moderate organic decrease in Performance Materials owing to the ongoing)
U)*"(0+-’)"0,+& %6),0"?-4 +(A31-# &-)/0"6' 117 1)%&)-4’ )\C%[3%()!08 1-+51)$31%&’ 11)
U)F"C04-758)&’,+-%7T) - Negative foreign exchange effect, driven primarily by the exchange rate)
Net sales LH<kKId9d 30° %,&)’ >64+&,")’3:'6- of the U.S. dollar and currencies of various growth markets
U)D&)Y’ +5-46+0")6"&-%&3’()4%,4)%&T 1-#? &-1)%&)O’ 1° +064)+-&()(°7’ 5 "/#?’ &-)+1)2’55)+1)
To8&y#+02’-%o&,)+8&()1+5’ 1 ])+ $1? &67)"3)/"1%-WT )"&’=-TMo#’)’;;°6-1);0"#)-4’) 30° 7%"31)8’ +0)
U))0,+& %6) 145’ 1),0"2-4)+&()6"&-% &3’ (0 +5%B+-%o"&)";)/5+&&’ ()18&’0,%’ 1);0"# )
the integration of Sigma-Aldrich in the Life Science business sector
UN &,"%&,)+(A31-#’ &-)/0"6 11 1)%&)-4’ \C%[3%()!081-+51)$3 1 %&’ 11)-4+-)2?%55)&"-)$? )
offset despite the enhanced diversification of Performance Materials and active)
- Slight organic decline 6"1-) H&+,/ # &-
- Negative foreign exchange - Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly owing to the development)
EBITDA)/0’ A<ALAOH 376-)")U  YT)-")U YT of the U.S. dollar and currencies of various growth markets
U)C"?’0) EBITDA)/0’)+&()%&7 1-# &-1)%&)/0"/ 0-8<)/5+&-)+&()’ [3 M/#? &-)+1)?’55)+1)
Business free U)E"2)("3$5’=(%,%- ) (%, %o-+ 5% B+-%o" &)T0&o-Vor-M%T 1 <)4.% 4’ 0)%&T &-"08)5"7’51)(3’)-")+)644+&,’()/0"(36-)#%>)
cash flow K<KLV9M 1°06’ &-+,’ )CO05%&’ +&()7"53#’ )%&60' +171
8:3!47D:4

F"0)-4’) #062) D0"3/<) %&) IMLV) 7’) ’>/°6-)#"(0+-7)"0,4+&%6) 145’ 1)
0" 2-4) %&)6"#/4+0% 1" &)2%-A)-4’ 10? 7 %"3 1)8" +09): %o-4)O" ,+0()-");"0%,&)
>644.&,)0F- 15) 2°) 6"&-Jo8&3")~")' 91°64) 7"54-F05°)’ &T1%0" BH?’ &-)(3’)
"I" 5Jo-Jo6+5) +8 ()#4+60" 6" &"'#%6) (775 "HP &-19)F"0)-4’):355)8’+0<)2”)
"0°6+1-}b)#"( 04-75 8)8? 4-7’ 6448, 04’) 53°6-)"&)"30)8& 145° 1)

compared with the previous year, with a greater impact in the first

F"0)-4’)Y’+5-46+0°)$31%&’ 11)1’6-"0s)?");"0° 6+1-)-+)#"CO+-’)"0,+&%6)
Jo8&60" +1") Jo&)&’ -) 145? 1) %&)IMLV9)P,+%&) Wo&IMLV <)-4% 1)% 1)’ >/’6-’()-")$")
(0%T’ &) #+%&58) $8) 1-0" &,) (S&+#%61) %&)"30) ,0"?-4) #+02’-1<) 74%64)
14"35()"s31’-)-4°)1-%55)64455’ &, %o&, #402’ -) &7%0" &H#’ &-):"0).$%: ©) &()
6"&-%&3’()/0%6")/0" 1130) %&) & 3#’0"3.1) #402’ - 19) F30-4’0#"0"<) 2”)

>2°6-)145? L)"s#+7’ &OS4( © )%B)-4A%,AN"39S’=(%,%-#IOS5 V0" &O+&,” + &()
of Bavencio* )%&)-4’ )#%()("3$5"=(Jo, %o-)#%55%" &)O+&,’9

445;)-44+&) %&)-4’) 1’ 6"&()4+5;)"5)-4’)8’+09) @4’)’ 1-%#+-%" &);"O)IMLV)% 1)
based on a €/US$ exchange rate in the range of 1.18-1.22 and further

(°65%&’ 1) %&)-4’)14+53’)"3)-4”)6300? & 6%’ 1)";)7+0%"31),0"2-4)#4+-02’-19

)
WHS %&()* 4&4 # &-)./"0-

In the Life Science business sector, for 2018 we again predict solid
"'0,+& %6),0"?-4)";)&’-)145° 1<)24%64)14"35()$ )15%,4-58)+$""7’Y >/°6-'()
#402’-),0"2-49): JL” HP (%o3#=-’ 0#),0"?-4)4+-)+-0"3& (TY 0)8’ +09)

We assume that Process Solutions will be the largest growth driver.
The expected topline synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition
29055)6" &-0%$3-’)-") 145? 1),0"2-4)+1)/5+&&’ (9)

)3"0 6+1-)+)15%,4-)-")#"(C O+-’)"0,+& %6)(? 65 F%o&’ )%o&)&’ -)1 +5’ 1);"0)
-4’)R’0;"0#+&6’) *+-’0%+51) $3 1%&’ 11) 1°6-"0) %&) IMLV) 6"#/+0° () 2%-4)
IMLN9)@4’)+(A31-#’ &-/0"6' 11’ 1)%&)"30)C%[3%()!108 1-+5 1)$3.1 %&’ 11)?%55<)
as expected, also continue in 2018, leading to significant sales)
(65% 8&’ 19): 4+ 113#’)-44-)-4Y > 6-’(),""O145’ 1),0"2-4)";-4)"-40)
$31%&? 11)3&%-1)2%55)8&"-)$? )+$5’)-"6"#/’ & 1+-’);"0)-4%1)CT 5" &-9 )

:E3;G7!<":
EBITDA pre is our key financial indicator to steer operating business.
*&)+)6300° &68=+(A3 1’ ()$+1%1<)2);"0°6+1-)+)15%,4-V’ 06’ &-+,’ 7 65%&’)
%&BBITDA)/0’);"0)-4)*’062)D0"3/)%&)IMLV)6"#/+0’ ()?%-4)IMLN9)O&)
+((%-%o" & $+ ()"&-4’ H$"7'=(’ 160%$? (}6300? &68)16’ &-+0%"<)4"2"7 0K)
"0° %,&)’>644+&,’)0+-’1)+0°)’>/’6-’ ()-") #/+6-)"30) EBITDA)/0’)$8)
4+//0">%#+-58)U ST)-")U_ IT) 6"#/-+0" ()?%-4) IMLN<)?24%64)?%55)-+3;'6-)
+55)-40°’)$31%&’11)1°6-"019)

F"0)-4’ JY’ +5-46+0’)$31%&’ 11)1°6-"0<)?”);"0’6+1-}+)15%,4-V’ 06’ &-+,”)
(765 %&’ )%o&)'"0,+8& %BBIT DAO’ })-4”);"0" %,&)’ >644+&,)’ &7%0" &#? &-)%1)
>2°6-()-")447’) +) #"C O+F-758) &’+-%7’) UoH/+6-) "&) EBITDA)/0°9)
“219% 8,)-" 4? 6" 8-%o83"3 1);30-4’ 0)? 775"? &-)"3)"30)0? 1° +064 Il” 5%’ < )
1)40")$3(,’-% &,)4%,4’0)0" 1°+064)4-& (777 5"/# &-)6"1-1)6"#/4+-0' 0)
2%-4) IMLN9) Y"?’7°0<) -4% 1) %1) 13$A’6-)-")-4’) 7-775"? &-)";) 65% &%6+5)
(4-+)+&(/0%"0%-ToB+-Jo" &)(’ 6% 1%" & 19)F30-4’ O#"0" <)-4’)+$ 1’ &67)" 3" 1%-%T’)
"&? =o) +’ 6-1);0"#)-4’ 10" 7%"3 18’ +0)4+#"3&-Fo&,-"+//0" > WoH#+-' 58)
€ 200 million (milestone payments for Bavencio® ])"&’=-%#’ /+8# &-)
for future license payments) will have a negative impact.

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

153

For the Life Science business sector, in fiscal 2018 we expect a similar)
(8&+#%6);"0)6300’ &68=+(A31-’(),0"2-4)";) EBITDAY0’}-1)%&)}4’0'7%"31 +)
year (2017: +8%). Both the expected sales development and the
further planned realization of synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich
+6[3% 1 %-%" &) 2% 55) 6" &-0%$3-’) -") -4% 19) ¥"2°7’ 0s) "0,+& %@BITDA) /0’)
growth of the Life Science business sector is likely to be lowered by
+)#"CO4-758)& +-%7’)3"0" 8)’ >64+&,’)’ 3776-9

2) +113#’)-44-) %&)"30)R’0;"0#+8&6") *+-0%451) $3 1% &’ 11) 1°6-"0)
VY >? 6(),""OCT S" HF &-)"3)-4’)"-4’0)$3 1% &’ 11)3&%-1)+1)?55)
+1)(%16%/5 Jo &’ ()6" 1-H &e+,"#? &-)2%55)"&6’ +, + Jo&)%o& IMLV )&"-)$’ +$5°)-")
offset the expected sales and earnings decline in the highly profitable)
C%[3%() 1081 -+51) $31%&? 119) !"&1?[3’ &-58<) 2”) >/°6-) -4+4-) "0,4&%6)
EBITDA)/0°)2%55)(’65%&’) %&)-4’ )#%(=-’ &1)/ 06’ &-+,)O+&,)%&)O"#— =
/+0%1"& with 2017. The difficult foreign exchange environment, which
4%-1)-4’)R’0;"0#4+86") *4-’0%451)$31%&’ 11)? 1/°6%+558)4+0() (3’)-") %-1)
0° Fo" &+5)/"1%o-Fo" & To 8,<)2T055)4+T )+&)+((Jo- Fo" & +5) &’ +-ToT ) Wott! +6-)"&)-4’)
°$0& %o&,1)1%o-3-+-%o"&9)

O&)"30)’ 1-%tt+-%" &<)&’ ,+-%T JEBITDA)/0’)":)!"0/"0+-’)+&()‘-4’0)
29055) To860" +1) %8&)-4’)5"2)("3$5? =(%,%-)’ 06’ &-+,’ )0+&,”) Jo &JIMLV9) @4% 1)
CTS" &-)0'5+-’ 1)-")%&T 1-H? &-1)Fo&) Wo&8"14+-Fo" &)+&()(%o, Jo-+ 5 V0B+-Jo" &)
Jo&%o-To+-%T 19)RO’7%"3158<}-4’ 16" 1-1)?’ 0°)% 86300" ()%&)-4’)$31%&’ 11)16-"01)
and are now recorded centrally under Corporate and Other. By contrast,)
*>1°6-’ ()6300" &68)4 (,%&,),+I%&1)14"35(A+7’ HO"? & 14+-%&,) 33 6-)
Jo&)IMLV9)

E>438:44!H"::!=741!HD.L

For the business free cash flow of the Merck Group in 2018, we
"0° 6+1-) +) 65%&’) %&)-4’)5"2)("3$5’ =(%,%-)/’ 06’ &-+,’ OF,” <)(O%T &)
$8)5"20) EBITDAY/0’<)6"&-%&3’()4%,4)%&T 1-#F &-1)%&/0"/’ 0-8</5+.&-)
+&()' [B%HP 8-<)+8&()4%,4’ 0) %&T &-"0% 1)"2%&,)-")+)644-&,’(/0"(36-)
#%>)+&()4%.4’0)7"53# 19
W"#$ % 8? ()*+&4,# &-)7"0-

154

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

FORECAST FOR THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS SECTOR) js

)

Actual results

G)#%55%"& 2017

Net sales d<__9M

F'0°6+1-);"0)IMLV

U}F"C0+-’)"0,+&%6),0"2-4
U)F"C0+-"58)&’,+-%T )
30" %,&)’ >64+&,")’3:’6-

Key assumptions

U))0,+&%6)1+5" 1),0"?-4)%&),0"?-4 #402’ -1)?%55)6"#/’ & 1+-’);"0)-4")"0,+& %6)( 65 %o&’ )%o&)
“$%; * 145° 1<)?4%64)% 1)’ >/6-’ ()-")$") %&)-4’ )4% 4) 1 %&,5’ =(%,%-\l’ 06’ &-+,’ )0+&,’

U)Continued price pressure in Europe and also in the Asia-Pacific as well as Middle

East and Africa regions

U)Bavencio® )+&()*+7’ &65+( * )?%55)6"&-0%$3-’ )7% 1 %$58)-") 145’ 1),0"2-4

U)Solid organic growth of our Consumer Health business

U)Negative foreign exchange effect, driven primarily by the exchange rate)
of the U.S. dollar and currencies of various growth markets

EBITDA)/O’ L<_*_9K

- Slight organic decline
U)F"C 04-58) &’ 4-%T )
30° %,&)’ >64+&,’)’;;’6-

U))"&-%&3’ ()0%1")%&)O’ 1 +064) +& 0077S" &-) 17 &(%&,)(3’)-")’ >76-'( )
330-4’ 0)/%I S%&’ CT 5S"? &-<)/4+-0-% 6354058) %&) ZotHtt#3 &"="8&6"5",8

U)OD&60'+1%&, #402’ -%&,)+&()1°55%&,) > &1'1

- Negative product mix effect due to a decline in sales of Rebif*

U)P$1’ &6’)";)/"1%-%T’)"&’ =-%#’ )’ ;;’6-1);0"#)IMLN)+#"3 &-%&,)-")+//0"> Yo#+-’58)
€ 200 million (milestone payments for Bavencio® ])"&’=-%#’)/+8# &-)0’ 6’ %7’(
for future license payments)

- Cost savings owing to the divestment of our Biosimilars business

- Increasing earnings contributions from Bavencio®* )+&()*+7’' &65+( *

- Negative foreign exchange effect, driven primarily by the exchange rate)
of the U.S. dollar and currencies of various growth markets

Business free

- Single-digit)

US’ 65%&’ )%&BBITDAY/O”

cash flow L<™N9_ 106’ &-+,) VY O5%&’?

U)D&60' +1") %&)?"02%&,)6+/%-+5)(3’)-")/0" (36-)#%>)’ ;;°6-1

8:3!47D:4
F'"0}-4’)Y?+5-46+0° )$3 1 %&’ 11)16-"0K)?’) > 6-H#"(? 0+-’)"0,+-&%6)1+5° 1)

,0"2-4)% & )IMLV9)@4')(°7' 5" &-)";)"30),0"2-4)#+02’- 1) %&)-4’ C+-%&)
America, Middle East and Africa, as well as Asia-Pacific regions is
*>16-"()-") 6" &-0%$3-’) -")-4% 1) ,0" 2-4) -") +) 5+0,")>- &-9) 2°) +51")

assume that the products newly approved in 2017, namely Bavencio: )
+&()*+7' &65+( *, will contribute significantly to growth with sales in
-4’) #%() ("3$5?=(%, o-) #% 55%" &) 0+ &,”) +&() 4%,4) ("3$5? =(%, Jo-) #7055 %" &)
04+&,’<)0°1/°6-%7’589) @4’ 1’) /"1%-%T’)’ 336-1) 14"35() $’) +$5’) -")#"0")

44 &)"V-)-VY O26 (7 65%&’ V%&)145' 1)"3).$%:; © 41)7°55)41)6"&-%&3'()
price pressure in key markets in Europe, Asia-Pacific, as well as
Middle East and Africa. Furthermore, we assume that our Consumer
Y?+5-4) $3 1% &’ 11)2%55) +51") 6" &-0%$3-’)-")-4’)/"1%-IWT)"0,-+8%6) 145° 1)
development. In particular, the U.S. dollar exchange rate and foreign
>644.&,)C 75"? &-1)%&)T+0%"31),0"2-4)#+-02’-1)14"'35()5’+0)-")+)
H"CO+-’58)&’ 4-7’) >64+&,’ O+-)’33’6-9)

:E3;G7!<":

F"0)IMLV<)?’);"0°6+1-)6300° &68=+(A3 1-’() EBITDAY/0’)";}4’)Y’+5-46+0" )
$31%&’11)16-"0}")1’? #)15%,4-V’ 06’ &-+, (65 %&’ 6" #/+0' ()2?%-4)-4’)

10°7%"31) 8’ +09) Y"?’7 0s) -4’)’>/°6-’() & ,+-%T’) ;"0" %,&)’ >64+&,’)

*&T%0" &# &-)2%55)+((%o-%" &+558)+(7’0158)4;;’6-) EBITDA)/0’9)R"1%-%7’)

"B= HY 32 6- L+H" 3.&-%&, "4/10" > Gott’ 58)G YIMM¥#%55%"& <)24%64)”’)
realized in 2017, will not be incurred in 2018. This includes Bavencio® )
milestone payments from Pfizer and a one-time payment ;"0);3-30’)
5%6’ & 1’) /48# &-19) !"8&-%&3"3158) 0% 1 %&,) 0’ 1°+064)+&() (75 #&-)
6" 1-1) ;"0) :30-4’0)/%/? 5% &’) C75" &-<)/+0-%635+058) %&) WHHB&"= +)
"8&6"5",8<) 2% 55) $’) +&) +((%o-Fo" &+5) 2’8) (0%T’0)";)-4’) ;"0’ 6+ 1-) "0,+4&%6)
CTS" &-)":) EBITDA)/0°9)¥"?7’0s)-4%1)$3(,’~’()6" 1-) %o&60" +1’)
29055)$" ):30-4’ 0)3/(-+-’ ()%&)-4’ 6" 3017)";)-4°)8’+0)(77’ &(%o8&,)" &)O5%&%6+5)
(4-+)+8&()/0%"0%-YoB+-To" &)(°6Fo1 Yo" &19):) +51") >/°6-)"30)H#+02'- — YoR,)+-&()
1°55%&,)6"1-1)-") %&60? +1’) 330-4’ 9) O&) +((%-%" &<) 2”) +1 13#’)-44-) "30)

10" (36-)#%>)2?%55)(7?5"/)38& 547" 0+$58)"2%&,)="-4’) > 6-’ (765% &’ )%&)
14+5°1)")2$%; *. The divestment of our Biosimilars business in 2017 and
-4°) 0" 135-%&,)+$1° &6’)";)0" 1° +064) +& 0) (77 S"P &-)6" 1-1) +1) 2°55) +1)
increasing contributions from our newly approved products Bavencio: )
+&()*+7’ &O54( *)2%55)/4+0-58) "35 1°-)-4’)’>/°6-() (65% &’) H&) "0,4 &%6)
EBITDA)/0’9)

E>438:44!H"::!=741!HD.L

In 2018, we expect business free cash flow of the Healthcare business)
1°6-"0)-")14"2)+)1 %o&,5°=(%, Jo-W 06? &-+,')( 65 %&’9)@4%1)?%55)$’ VOWH+OWSB- +)
(0%7’ &)$8)-4’)’ >’ 6-’() 765% &’) %&) EBITDA)/0’)+&()-4’) %&60°+1’) %&)
2"02%&, )6+/%o-+5)(3’)-")/0"(36-)#%>)’ 336-19)
WHS %&()* 4&4 # &-)./"0-

FORECAST

Actual results
2017

G)#%S5%"& F"0°6+1-);"0)IMLV

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

155

FOR THE LIFE SCIENCE BUSINESS SECTOR)

Key assumptions

U)Process Solutions is likely to remain the strongest growth driver,)
followed by Applied Solutions

- Solid organic growth,)
15% ,4-58)+$"7’)’ >/°6-'( )
#+02’-),0"2-4

U)F"C 04-58) &’ 4-7? )

U)Research Solutions will also contribute positively to organic sales development,
+5$' %-)-")+) 1#+55’0)’>-’ &-

U)No significant portfolio effect from the acquisition of Natrix Separations

U)Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly owing to the development of)

Net sales H<VVL9H 3"0°%,&) >64+&,")’3:'6- the U.S. dollar
U)R"1%-%T)CT 5S" /#’ &-)0" 135-%&,);0"#)’ >/’ 6-’ (145? 1),0"?-4
U))0,+& %6)’+0& %&,1),0"?-4)?%-4) U))"&-%&3+-%o" &)";)-4 /5+&&’ ()0’ +5 %B+-%o" &)";)18&’0,%" 1);0"#)-4" )
+)1%#%5+0)(8&+#%6)+1)%&)IMLN Sigma-Aldrich acquisition

U)¥"(C 04-58) &’,4+-%T +) U)Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly owing to the development of)
EBITDA)/0’ L<NVH9V 30’ %,&)’ >644+&,’)’3;6- the U.S. dollar
Business free - Slightly below) U)D#/0"7"() + EBITDA)/0’
cash flow L<AMLON -4’)/0%"0=8'+0)5°7’5 - Higher inventories reflect the expected sales growth and changed product mix
8:3!47D:4 :E3;G7!<":

For the Life Science business sector, compared with 2017 we forecast
;30-4’0) 1"5%()"0,+& %6) &’-) 14571) ,0"?-4) %&) IMLV<) 24%64) 14"35()$’)
15% ,4-58}4+$"7’) >/’6-’ (#402? -),0"2-49)O&)-4 HF (%3H#)-” O#<)?”)L"”)

+& &3+5)#+02’-) ,0"2-4)+-) +//0"> Gott 58)°T9) 2’) +113#?) -44-) +55)

$31%&’ 11)38&%-1)?%55)6" &-0%$3-’ )/" 1 %-%T’58)-")"0,+&406),0"2-49)O&)IMLV <)
the Process Solutions business unit is again likely to remain the
strongest driver of organic growth, followed by Applied Solutions.
The Research Solutions business unit should also contribute to the
1"1%-%T 145° ICT 5S"P &-<)8°-)-")4)5° 110)’ >~’ &-9)P(( Go-To" &+558<)-4’)
topline synergies from the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition will contribute
to growth as planned. At the end of 2017, we acquired Natrix
Separations. The consolidation will not lead to a significant portfolio
576-9) 2) +113#) +) #"( O4-758) &’ 4-67’) 3"0" %o,&)’ >6448&,’) "37 6-)

primarily owing to the development of the U.S. dollar.

EBITDA)pre of the Life Science business sector in 2018 is likely to see
(8&-+#%6),0"2-4)1 %#%5+0)-" IMLN)" &)+)6300’ &68=+(A31-’ ()$+1% 1)ZIMLNQ)
+8%). This development is in line with the expected development)";)
1+5’ 19)F30-4’0#"0’<)%&)IMLV)?’ )?%55)+11%,&)4%,4VO%"0%-8)-" 6" &-%3%E&,)
the planned realization of cost and sales synergies from the Sigma-
P5(0%64)4-6[3 % 1 %-%" &9)P;-’ 0450" +(8)44+7%&,)0’ +5 %B ()1 8&0, %’ 1)"; 40" 3&()
GLVH)#%55%" &)3/)3&-%5)IMLN<);"0)IMLV)?)’>/’6-);30-4’0)18&’0,%’ 1)+1)
15+8.8 (-4-+-}+-0 )5%2’58)-")4-+7’ + &)H((Yo-Jo" & 45) 3°6-)"HO"3K(IG)_H) HIE
5%" K&L) +08 % 8,19): 41 13#? -44-)%& MLV)?’ )?%55)4+64%7’)"30V/5+8e&’()
synergy target of € 280 million for the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition.
Y"?’7’05)%&)IMLV)"0,+&%6),0"?-4)";) | EBITDA pre of the Life Science
$31%&’ 11) 1°6-"0) %1)’>/’6-’()-")$)5"2"0" ($8) #"C0+-58) &’ +-%T’)

"0? %,8&)’ >64+8,’)’ 376-19

E>438:44!H"::!=741!HD.L

We expect our Life Science business free cash flow to be slightly
$°5"2)-4’ 0° 7%'"3 1)8’ +0\1)5°7’ 59) @4’)4%,4’0) EBITDA)/0’)?%55)$’ #"0")
-448&)"s51°-)$8)4%,40) %&T &-"08)5'7°519) @4’ 1’) 0" 135-)/0%#+0%58) ;0"#)

> 6’ ()(B&+#%6) 145’ 1),0"2-4)+&()+)644+&,’ ()/0"(36-)#%>9
156

FORECAST

W"#$ % 8? ()*+&4,# &-)7"0-

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

FOR THE PERFORMANCE MATERIALS BUSINESS SECTOR) .\..__

Actual results

G)#%55%" & 2017 F"0'6+1-);"0)IMLV Key assumptions
U))0,+& %6+558)15%,4-58)-") U)K"53#’)%&60' +1’) %&)+55)$3 1 Go&’ 117 1])1-0"&,)(8&+#%61)/+0-%635+058)%&)P(7+&6’()
#"(/04-758)$5"2)-4”) JO’ 64&"5",%’ 1)+&()O!)*+-0%+51
8’°+0=’+05%’0)5’7’5) U)¥+02’-)14+0°)+(A3 1-# &-)+&()/0%6’ )(? 65 %&’ )%o&)-4’ \JC%[3 %o()!08 1-+51)$31%&’ 11
U)¥"( 04-758) &’,4+-%T +) U)Negative exchange rate effect, especially due to the forecast development of)
Net sales 1<d9M. 30° %,&)’ >64+&,")’3:'6- the U.S. dollar and currencies in key Asian markets
U))0,+& %6)/’06’ &-+,’)7 65 %&’ U)@4’)(? 65% &’)%o&)#+02’-)14+0 1)+&()/0%6’ 1)%&)-4’ \JC%[3%()!08 1-+51)$31%&’ 11)6+&K"- )
To&)-4’ #7%()-”’ &1)0+&,” $)"531°-)$8),0"2-4)";)-4’)"-4’0)$3 1 %&? 117 1)+-&()+6-%7 6" 1-)H#+ & 4+, # &-
U)¥"(C 04-758) &’,4+-%T +) U)Negative foreign exchange effect, particularly owing to the development of)
EBITDA)/0’ _N_9V 30° %,&)’ >64+&,")’3;’6- the U.S. dollar and currencies in key Asian markets
Business free U)J"3$5°=(%,%- ) UV’ 65% &’)%&BBITDA)/0’ <)131-+%&’ (4% ,4)%&T 1-# &-1)%&)/0"/’ 0-8<)/5+&-)+&()
cash flow _MH9V 106’ &-+,") YW 65%&’ \I3 MHP &-)+&()4% 4’ 0)%&T &-"08)5’7’51)(3’)-")7"53# )%&60' +171
8:3!47D:4 :E3;G7!<":

2)3"0°6+1-}4)15%,4-)-")#"CO+-)"0,+&%6)1+5? 1)? 65%&’)%&)-4’)R’0;"0

=  O&)IMLV<)"30)R’0;"0#+&6’) *+-’0%+5 1) $31%&’ 11) 1’6-"0) 2%55)/0"$+$58)

H4-&6’)*4-'0%451)$31 %&’ 11)1°6-"0)%&)IMLV)6"#/-+0" ()?%-4)IMLN9)O&)"30 ys $+ %8&)$°)3&4+$5")-")6"H/? &14-")3"0)-4’) >/°6~’ (145? 1) 65% &’ )%&)-4’)
*1-%ott+-%o"&<)-4’ )+(A31-# &-/0"6’ 11? 1)%&)"30)C%[3%()!08 1-+51)$31%&’11  ) highly profitable Liquid Crystals business despite the expected good
2%055)6" &-%o&3’ B&AS$+-’ ()%&JIMLV9I)@ 4% 1)% 1 +--0%$3-+$5’)-")-4 )&" 0#4+5%B+-Fo" &performance of the other business fields as well as high cost discipline.
"-)"30)#4-02’-)1440" 1<)’ 1/°6% +558) %&)!4%&+<)24%64)4+()8 ? &)3&313+558) "81? [3° &-58<)7)’ >/°6-)-44-)"0,+8&%6) EBITDA)/0’)?%55)(° 65% &’ )%o&)-4’)

4% A) T&G &-)8’ +019) @4% 1 A+1)$?’ & 06" ,& TB+$5’ )1 %&K6’ IMLN9I)@4’0";"0"<)
%-)Jo1)-")$"Y >1° 6’ (-4+--4’ 0%6% &, 0” 1130’)63.1-"#4+08)%&)-4% 1)%&(31-08 +)
29055)"&6" )+,+%&)&"-)$?)"s31°-)$8)-4’) — 6"00? 1/"&( %o&,)7"53#’),0"2-4)
T&MLVOIYN 1/%-’)-4’ #? +&24%5’ A%,4) degree of diversification of our
R’0;"0#+86’ J*+-’0%+51)$3.1 Yk? L1)16-"05)%&)'"30Y 1-VH#+- J" &PAVWICTS"/ =
# &- 2% 55)8&"-)$?)"331°-)$8),"" ("0,4 & %6),0" 2-4) % &)"30)"-4’ 0)$3 1% &’ 11)
fields. OLED technology (Advanced Technologies) and the semiconduc=
-"0 4-?0% +5 1)$31%&’ 114-0’ > 6’ ()-")14" 2) (BK +HION? 7’ 5 "AP &-9)
J3’)-"B&+7"04$5")s"0" %,&) >644+.&,’)(°7? 5"? &-1<)%&)R’0:"0#+&6’)
*4-°00% +51) Yo&)IMLV)?)’>/’6-)-") 1°?) +) #"C 04-58) & 4-97’) :"0" %,&)
exchange effect stemming mainly from the U.S. dollar exchange rate,
+1)2°55)+1)(°65%&’ 1) %&)-4’ )7+53’)"3)2’8)P1%+&)6300" & 6%" 19

mid-teens percentage range in comparison with 2017. The difficult
"0° %,&) >64+8,’) &7%00" 8H &-<)24%64)4%-1)-4” R’05"0#4-&6’ Y*+-0% +51)
$31% 8? 11Y 16% +5584+0(\(3’ /")%-1)0" ,%o" &+ 5)" 1 Fo-o" 8 Io&,<)2 N55 )+((Jo- Fo" B+:
44-7’ )+)#"( O4-’58)& +-%T’ ) Wott! +6-)" &)-4’ )’ +0& %o&,1)1%-3+-Fo" &9

E>438:44!H"::!=741!HD.L
F"0)-4’)R’03"0#+&6" )*+-'0% +5 1)$31%&’ 11)1’6-"05)?”);"06+1-}+)(°65%&’)

in business free cash flow in the mid double-digit percentage range.
Besides the negative development of EBITDA)/0’<)?’)’>/’6-)4%,4’0)
To&T 1-# &-1)%8&VO"/’ 0-85 /5-+8-H+8()’ [3 Wol#’ &-H- 1)? 554 1)4% AKT &-"08
5°7°51)(3’)-")7"53# )%&60' +119

558

)
WHS %&()* 4&4 # &-)./"0-

4/11,&0

F"0)IMLV<)?)’>/°6-)#"(?0-+-’)"0,+&%6) ,0"2-4)";) &’-) 145° 1);"0)-4’)
*°(062)D0"3/<)?4.%64)% 1)5%2’ 58)-")$’ )(0%T’ &)$8)-4’ JY’ +5-46+0")+&()C%;’)
Science business sectors. In addition, we assume a moderately negative)
foreign exchange effect due to the current weakness of the U.S.
("55+0)+1)255)+1)-4°)C7°5"4P &-);"0° 6+1-);"0)7+0%"31)6300" & 6%? 1) %&)
"30),0"-4)#4-02’-19) EBITDA)/0’)";)-4’)*’062)D0"3/)%1)’>/’6-’()-")
(760°+1’) 15%,4-58)"&)+) 6300’ &68=+(A31-’()$+1%1) %&)6"#/4+0% 1" &) 2%-4)
-4’) 10° 7%"31) 8’ +09) O&) -4’) Y’+5-4640") $3 1 %&’ 11) 1°6-"05) 2”) ’>/°6-) +)
15%,4-)"0,+& 26’ 06’ &-+,’ )’65%&’)%&) EBITDA pre. For the Life Science

!__!"#$ % &!%o(!:RS#A’#-!GHM#@ %$1#( *

157

$31 %&? 11) 1°6-"0K) "&) +) 6300’ &68=+(A31-’()$+1%1) 2)’ >/’6-) 1 %#%5+0)
,0"2-4) (8&+#%61)";)  EBITDA)/0’) +1) %&)-4’)/0’7%'"31) 8° +09) F"0) -4’)
R’0;"0#+8&6’) *+-'0%+51)$31%&’ 11) 16-"05) 2”) :"0" 6+ 1-) EBITDA)/0’)-")
(65 %&’) Jo&)-4 )#I%(=-"’ & 1/06’ &-+,’)0+&,”)"&) +) 6300’ &68=+(A3 1-’()
basis. We assume that the currently difficult foreign exchange environ=
#&- )%&)+55)-40’’)$31%&’ 11) 1°6-"01)2%55)5°+()-")+) (65% &’) %S&HBITDA)
10°)";)$"-2"&)U PT )+& (QU T9)

Business free cash flow of the Merck Group is expected to decline
Jo&) -4’)5"2) ("3$5'=(%,%-) 06’ &-+,”) 0+ &,’<) +$"7’) +55) (3°) -")5"20)
EBITDA)/0’<)6"&-%&3%&,) %&T 1-# &-1) %&) 10" 0-85) /5+&-) +&()[3%/ =

# &-)+&()%&)(Jo,Jo-+5 TOB+-To" &) lo To-To+- MT 1<)+1)1°55)+1)4%,4'0)%&T &-"0%’ 19
W"#$% & ()*+&4, # &-)./"0- 1 #$ % &

158

LO) V+ 4% &,*)+H#!-C NAH? (%) 1012 1345!%6!" .#!7#&8*)!9%88#&+(*:19% #

13;7<5

Report in accordance with
section 315 (4) of the German

Commercial Code

12’)3"44"5%&,) Jo&3" O#+-%" &) %6)/0" 7% () %o&) +88" 0(+& 8") 5 J%o-2) 6’ 8-M" &)
Q:;)<=>Y'3)-2”)?’O#4+8&) "#4? 08 %+-4)!"(°)}4+- 8-2’ @/4+84-"0A)0°/"0-)
/BO6B+&- -")6°8-%"&):CD. )<:>)6" &~’ &8"):)"3)-2')? O#4+-&)E-"8EF)!"0/" G
0+-%"&)H8)<HE-?>1)

H6)"3)-2’) $+4+&8") 62”’-) (4+-’J)-2”) 8"#/+&AK6) 6B$680%$' () 8+/%-+4) %06)
(%7%(? ()%&-"): LMJL=LIL::)&"G/+0)7+4B’ )$’ +0" 0)62+0°6)/4B6)"&’)0",%6 = -G
-0°( )62+0°DN+82)62+0"}-2’0°3"0")8"00"6/"&(6)-")O ):I9P)"3)-2”)62+0’)
84/%-+41)12”)2"4(°0)"3)-2)0",%6-'0"(16240’)%OJNI.—-Y* OBF)Q’-"%4%,B&,’& JR)
S-)%6)’ &-%-4’ ()+8()"$4%,"()-")41!" Wo8e-)" 8’ G-2%0()"3)-2” HP #$’ 06)"3)-2”)
EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0()0°/0°6’ &-%&,)-2’ )A%#%-’ ()4%+$%o4 Jo-IN52+0" 2"4(°061) $3)
-2°)2"4(°0)"3)-2”)0" ,%6-’0" ()62+0’)%6)+),’ &’0+4)/+0-&’ OW )2’)"0)62”)2+6)
&")6B82)0%,2-)"3)-+//"%o&-# &-I) 12”) -0+8&63’0)"3)-2”)0",%6-’0" ()62+0")

0° TB%0"6)-2’)8"#/+8&AK6)+//0"7+41)12’ 4//0"7+4)%6),0+&-’ ()4+-}-2’)6"4’)
(%680" -%" &)"3)-2’)/’06"&+44A) 4%+$4’),,’ &’044)/+0-&’0)5%-2)+&)'TB%-A)
%&-’0'6-I&-+# 4A)ND)* 08F)RIL

UB06B+&-)-")-2”)%&3" O#+-Jo" &)" &)T"-To8,)0%,2-6)6BS#%-~’ ()-")B6)%E)+88"0 G
(+&8")5%-2)-2’)? O#+&)E’ 8B0%-%’6)10+(%&,)H8-_)<V/W2>J)"&)X’S'# —-G
$70 )9: J)LP:C) &")62+0'2"4(°06)"5&’ ()(%0"8-)"0) Yo8(Wo0" 8-) HT 6-H’ &-6)
*@8"?(%&,)#"0")-2+&):PY)"3)-2’)T"-Fo&,)0%,2-61

H88"0(%&,)}-")-2’ HO-%84’ 6)"3JH66"8%+-%" &)"3)* OSFI)-2’),’ &’0+4/+0-& 06)
&"-)2"4(%&,)+&)’TB%-A) %&-’0"6-) 52") 3"0#)-2”)N @’8B-%7) Q"+0() +0")
+(#%-—()SA)NI_)*O8F_)R)5%-2)-2’)8"&6’ &-)"3) +) OHA’ )H#4-Z"0%-A)"3)
-2°)"-2°0),’ &’04+4)/+0-& ’ O6DHD/’ 06" &)#+A)"&4A)$")+),’ &’0+4)/+0-&’0)
&"-)2"4(%&,)+&)’ TB %-A) %&-’0’6-) %3)2”)"0)62’) %o6)+46")+),” &’0+4)/+0-&’0)
"3)ND*’O8F )RIDS&)+((%-%"&I)+-)-2’V0"/"6+4)"3)NI_ OBE )R)+&()5%-2)
-2’) +/10"74+4)"3) +44), &’0+4)/4+0-& 06) &"-)2"4(%o8,)+&)’ TB%-A) %o&-’06-J)
3B0-2’0)/’06" &6)52")+0" )&"-),’ &’0+4)/-+0-&’06)&"-)2"4(% &,)+8&)’TB%-A)
Jo&-’0' 6-H#+A)$” +1!" %o8~’()-")-2” N@ ’8B-%T JQ" +0(L

12°) HO-%846)"3)H66"8%+-%" &)8+&)$’) + &( ()$A)-+)0’6"4B-%" &)$A)-2’)
H&&B+4)*”’-%&,)-2+-)0’TB%0°6)-2”)+//0"7+4)"3)-2”),’ &’0+4)/+0-& 061)
12’)0°6"4B-%" 86) "3)-2) 7’ &’ 044) *”?-%&,) +0°J) &"-5Jo-26-+8( To&,) +&A)
6-+-B-"0A)/0"7%6%" &6)-"-2’ )8" &-O+OAT)+("/-’ (GA)+)6%H/4’ JH4+-Z"0%-A)"3)
-2°)T"~"6)8-+6-1)V2’0")-2’)4+45)0° TB%0’6)+)8+/%-+4)#+Z"0%-A) %&)+((To- To" &)
-")-2°)T"-%o8, #4+Z."0%o-AJ)0’ 6" 4B-%" &6) +0" )+("/-’ (SA) 4) 6%H/4 H#+Z"0%-A)
"3)-27)62+0")8+/%-+4)0°/0" 6’ &-’ ()%&)-2’J7"~’1)12’ HO-%84’6)"3)H66"8%+-H"& —)
"3)-2°)8"#/4+& A)’ &8"#/+66)+B-2" 0% ()+8&()8" &-To&,’ &-)B+/%-+41

(HGB)

12’)N@’8B-%7’ )Q"+0()%6)+B-2"0%[’ ()-")%&80 +6’)-2’ )8"#/+&A K6)62+0")
8+/%-+4)5%-2)-2’)+//0"7+44)"3)-2’ EB/’07%6"0A)Q"-+0()-+8&()"3)NI )*08F)
"&8°)"0)0'/' +-’ (4A)B/)-"4-& ()%&84B(%&, H/0%4)LCIJ)LPLL)$A)B/)-")+)-"-+4)
"3) O) ;DJ;L:J:L=I:M) $A) %66B%&,) &’5) &"G/+0) 7+4B’) $’+0’0) 62+0’6)
against cash and/or non-cash contributions (“Authorized Capital 2017”).)
\Jo#IJo~’ (A%+$%4%-A)62+0" 2"4(’06)62+44)$”),’ &’04+44.A),0+8&-’ ()-2’)6-+-B-"0A)
0%,2-)-")6B$680%$’)-")-2’ )&’5)62+0°61

W"5°7°0N)-2’ )N@’8B-%7’ )Q"+0()%6 4 B-2"0%[’ (I)5%-2)-2’ 4//0"74+4)"3)
-2’)EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0(J)-")’ @84B(’)-2’)4%#%- ()4%+$%4%-A)62+0’2"4(’ 06K)

6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-)%&)3B44)"0)%&V-+0-)%o&)8+6")"3)+)8+/%-+4)%&8O’ +6’ )+,+%&O-)

8+62)8"&-0%$B-%" &6)/BO6B+&-)-")"0)$A)+&+4","B6)+//4%8+-%" &)" 36’ 8-Jo" &)
‘JD )<9>)6’&-’&8" )=)HE-2J)%3)-2”) %66B’ /0%8")"3)-2’) &’5)62-+0" 6) %6)&"-)
6B$6-+&-%+44A)4"5’0)-24+8)-2’)6-" SE)’ @82+&,’)/0%8")"3)-2”)8"#/+& AK)
62+0°6)+40’+(A)4%6-’ ()+&() %3)-2”)&’5)62+0’6)52%82)+0") %66B’()B&(’0)

* @84B6%" &)"3)-2’ OB$680%/-Jo" &%,2-\")&"-Y @8”? (+ VO"/"0-%" &+-4)H#"B&-)
"3):PY)"3}-2’)62+0")8+/%-+4) %-2’ O)t-)-2’ -o##’)"3)-2’ HB-2"0%I’( )}4/%-+4)
LP:C)-+F%&,)' 33’8-)"O)+-)-2’)-%H#’)"3)-2’ HB-2" 0%’ ()!+/%-+4)LP:C)$” %o8&,)
B-%A4%[’ (1)12%6)0’ 6-0%8-%" &)-"):PY)"3)-2” 62+0" )8+/%-+4)624+44)&S4B(’)-2’)
10"/"0-Jo" &+4)+#"B&-)"3)-2’ 6240" )8+/%-+4)-2+-)%6)+--O%$B-+$4’ _)-")62+40"6)
52%82) +0’) %66B’() B&(’0)’ @84B6%" &)"3)-2’) 6BS680%/-%" &) 0%,2-)"0)6"4()
(BO%&,)-2”)-’ 0#)"3)-2’ JHB-2"0%I’ ()!+/%-+4)LP:C)$+6" ()"&)+&)4B-2"0% G
[+-%" &)-")%66B’ )&’ 5)62+0"6)"0)6"44)"5&)62+0°6)$A)(J0"8-)"0)+&+4","B6)
+//4%8+-To" &)"3)6’ 8-%o" &):|D )<9>)6’ &-’ &8 = )HE-?1YBO-2’ W)-2%6)0 6-O%B-%o"& )
62+44)+46") %&84B(’)-2”)/0"/"0-Jo" &+4)+#"B&-)"3)-2”)6240")8+/Jo-+4)-2+-)
%o6) +--0%$B-+$4’)-") 62+0’6)52%82)#+A) "0) #B6-) $’) %66B’ () %&)"0(°0)-")
6°07%8")$" &(6)8+O0A %8&,)+)8" &T’ 06%" &)"0)"/-Jo" &)0%,2-)"0)+)8"&7’ 06%" &)
"0)"/-%" &)"$4% ,+-Jo" &I)%o3)-2’ )$" &(6)+0" ) %66B’ ()(BO%E&,)-2’)-’0#)"3)-2’)
HB-2"0%[’ ()!+/%-+4)LP:C)B&(’0)' @84B6%" &)"3)-2’ AV#%-’ (4% +$%4%-AO2+G
2"4(’ 06K)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-)SAH+&+4","B6)+//4%8+-%o" &)"3)6" 8-Jo" &):]D )<9>)
6’&-’&8" )=)HF-21)

S-)%6 ANF’ 5%6" Y"66%$4")-"Y @84B(’}-2’ OB$680%/-%" &)V%,2-)"3)-2’ AGHM-’()
4%+$%4Jo-A) 6240" 2"4(?06)5%-2)-2”) +//0"74+4)"3)-2°) EB/’07%6" 0A) Q"+0() %&)
-2°)8+6")"3)8+/%-+4)%&80' +6°6)-20"B,2)&"&G8+62)8" &-O%$B-%" &6DV+0-%SB4+04A.
3"0)-2’ YBO/"6’)"3+8TB%0%&,)’ &-’ 0/0%6" 6J+0-6)"3Y &-’0/0%6'6)"0)%&-"0'6-6 +?)
J&y &-010%6’ 61)

S&)#((Jo-Jo" &I)5%o-2)-2’ )4/10"74+4)"3)-2’ EB/’ 07% 6" 0A)Q"+0(J)-2’ 4%H#%-'()
4%+$704%-A) 62+0'2"4(’ 06K) 6BS680%/-%" &)0%,2-6) 8+ &) $”)’ @84B(’ () %&)"0(’0)-")
&+$4’)NI ) O8ERY)-") @°08%6’)%-6)0%,2-VBO6B+&-)-"HO-%84’)9L_ )<9>)"3)-2’)
HO-%84’6)"3)H66"8%+-%" &)"3)-2’ 8" H/+ 8A" V+0-To8Jol+-” To8e+)8+/%-+4)%&80' +6")
$A) %66B%&,)62+0"6)"0)30"’4A)-0+863’0+$4’)62+0’)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-61
W"#S%&?()*+&4, #' &-)/"0- $I #$ BN Gok, *)tH!-C MH (%) 1012 !345!%61" .#!7#&8*)!9%88H#&+(*:19% ,# 13;7<5

159

S-)%6)AWE’ 5%6’ V"66%$4’ -") @84B(?J)5%-2)-2’ +//0"7+4)"3)-2’)EB/’0 7% 6"0A) 12”) HO-%84’6)"3)H66"8%+-%" &) +46") &8"H#/4+66) 8" &-VWo&,’ &-)8-+/%-+4]) 12’)
Q"+0(J) -2”) 6B$680%/-%" &) 0%,2-)"3)-2”) 4%#%- ()4%+$%4%-A) 62+0'2"4(°06%&) 62+0°) 8+/%-+4) %6) 8" &-%&,’ &-4A) %&80’ +6’ () $A) B/)-")O) DDJ=PDJLMII=P)
"0? O}"Y &+$4’ NI) O8F)R2-")’ @’08%6’)%-6)0%,2-VBO6B+&-)-"JHO-%84’ 99) (%7%? ()Wo&-");:JP]:ICD]}2+0'6 +S!" &-%&,’ &-)]+/%-+4)S>1)12’ 8" &-Wo&,’ &-)
"3)-2”)HO-%84’ 6)"3)H66"8%+-%" &)-")8"&T7’0-J) %&)3B44)"0)%&)/+0-J)%-6)' TB %-B}}/%-+4) %o& 80 +6’)6’07'6)-") 0+ &-)’ @82+&,’)0%,2-6)-")NI__-)*"O8F_ )R?)%&)
Jo&-’ 0" 6-)Io&-")62+0" )8+/%-+41 +88"0(+&8’)5%-2)HO-%84’ )99)"3)-2 JHO-%84’6)"3)H66"8%+-%o"&)-") &+$4’)-2’)
*"0"7° ()5%-2)-2’) +//0"74+4)"3)-2’ EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0(J)-2’ )6B$ G — 8"&7°06%" &)"3) %-6) °TB%-A) %&-’ 06-1) 12”) 62+0’6) 8-+00A) (%7%(’ &() 0%, 2-6)
680%/-%" & 0% ,2-)"3)-2’ 4 %o#%-’ (4% +$%4%-A)62+0’ 2"4(’ 06)8+&)$’)’ @84B(’ ()%3) from the beginning of the fiscal year following the year in which the

+&()-")-2’)’ @-’ &-)-2%6)%6)&’ 8’ 66+0A)-"),0+&-)-2’)2"4(°06)"0)80’ (%-"06)
"3)8"&7'06%" &)"0)"/-%" &)0%,2-6) +&(_"0) -2’)2"4(706) "0) 80’ (%-"06) "3)
financing instruments carrying conversion or option obligations,
52%82)5’0’)"0)+-0’ )%66B’ ()$A)-2’)8"#/+&A)"O)$A)+)("#’ 6-%8)"0)3"0? %,&)
8" #/+ &A)%o&)52%82)-2’ 8" #/+&A 70’ 8-4A)"0)% &( FO’ 8-4A)2"4(6)-2’ #+Z"0%-A)
"3)-2°)7"~'6)+ &()8-+/%-+4J)+)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-)-")-2’)’ @-’ &-)-")52%82)
-2’ A)5"B4()$’ )’ &-%-4’ ()+3-’0)-2’)’ @’08%6’)"3)-2’ )8" &7’ 06%" &)"0)"/- Fo" &)
0%,2-6)"0)+3-’0)-2’)/’ 03" 0#+8&8’ )"3)+)8" &7 06%" &)"0)"/-%" &)"$4-%,+-Jo" &1)
\+6-4AJ)5 %-2}-2’ }4//0"7+4)"3)-2’ EB/’07%6"0A)Q”"+0(J)-2’ }6B$680%/-%o" & )
0%,2-)"3)-2’ )4%#%-’ ()A%+$%4 %-A)62+0’2"4(’06)8+&)$’) @84B(’()%&)"070)-")
 @84B(’)30+8-%" &+4)+#"B&-6)30"#)-2’ )6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-1

12° )6B#)"3)62+0°6)%66B’ ()"&)}-2”)$+6%6)"3)-2’ JHB-2" 0%’ ()!-+/%-+4)LP:C)

8"&7' 06%" &)"/-Jo" &)% 6)’ @’08%6’ (I

"0°" Q) -2”) 6240") 8+/%-+4) 6) 8"&-W&,’ &-4A) %&80'+6'()$A)B/)-"—)
O):DJ|P:J=M:ILP)8"#/"6’()"3)B/)-"): LIML=JLL=)&")/+0)7+4B’)$’ +0°0)

62+40°6 )<!"&-%&,’&-)!4/%-+4 )SS>1)12%6)%&BO’ +6") %8&)8" &-W 8,” &-)8+/ To-+4)%6)

"BAA)-"\S)VHIVH 8 ()%o&6"3+0)+6)-2’ )$’ +0’ 06)"0)80 (%-"06)"3)"/-Jo" &)
"0)8"&7’ 06%" &)0%,2-6)"0)-2’)8"&T’ 06%" &)"$4% += %" 86)" &)5+00+8-)$"&(6])
option participation certificates, option participation bonds, convertible)
bonds, convertible participation certificates or convertible participation)
$" &(6) %66B’ ()+,+%&6-)8"&-0%$B-%" &6)-2+-)+0") %66B’()"0),B+0+& -” ($A)
-2°) 8" #/+&A)"0)+)6B$"0(%&+-") 20"B/)8"#/+&A)"&)-2’)$+6%6)"3)-2”)
+B-2"0%[+-%" &)0’ 6"4B-%" &)"3}-2’ H&&B+4)?’ & 0+4)*"?-%&,)"3)*+A JMI)LP:= )
to May 8, 2019, utilize their option or conversion rights or, to fulfill

B&(’0Y @84B6%" &)"3)-2’ A%#%-’ (4 %+$%4-%-A)62+0’ 2"4(’ 06K )6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2their conversion obligation insofar as they are obliged to fulfill their

#B6-)&"-)' @8”’()+)/0"/"0-%" &-+4)+#"B &-)"3)LPY)"3)-2” 6240" )8+/%-+43)
$A)-+P%8,) Jo&-")+88"B&-)"-2’0)62+0°6)"3)-2”)8"H/+&A)52%82J) (BO%E&,)
-2’)~’0#)"3)-2”)HB-2"0%[’ () !4/%-+4) LP:CJ) +0’) 6"4() "0) %66B’() B&(0)

* @84B6%" &)"3)-2’)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-)"0)+0")-")$") %66B’()B&(°0)$" &(6)
%66B’ ()+3~ O)H/O%ILINLP:C)B&(’ 0)’ @84B6%"&)"3)-2’ }OBS680%/-%"&)O%,2-*)
-2%6)ATo#Zo-+-Jo" &)62+-44)+//4A)$"-2)+-)-2’ oH’ )"3)-2%6)HB-2" 0% [+-To" &)-+ PM,
°33°8-)+&()+-)-2”)- JH’ )"3)-2%6)+B-2"0%[+-%" &)$’ %o&,)’ @’08%E (I

1")-2’)’ @-’ &-)-2+-)-2’) 6B$680%/-%" &)0% ,2-) %6) &"-)’ @84B(?()B&(0)-2’)
+$"7’/0"7%6%" & 6J)%-)#+A)+46" )$’ ),0+8-’ (-")-2’)4%#%-’ (A %+$%4%-A)62+0’ G
2"4(°06)$A)5+A)"3)+&) %&(%0’ 8-)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-)/BO6B+&-)-")6’8-%" &)
:]D_ )<;>)HF-?)"Q) %&)/+0-J)$A)5+A)"3)+)(%0’ 8-)6B$680%/-%" &)0%,2-J)+&()
"-2°05%6’ J$A)S+A)"3)+&)% &( %0’ 8-)}6B$680%/-%" & 0% ,2-VBO6B+&-)-")6’ 8-%"&)
:]D_ )<;>)HF-?1

BO-2’0#"0’J)-2’)N@’8B-%7’)Q"+0() %6)+B-2"0%[ (J) 5%-2)-2”) +//0"7+4)
"3)-2°)EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0(J)-")(°—0#%&”)-2”) +((Jo-Jo" &+4)(?-+%46)"3)-2’)
8+/%-+4) %o&80’ +6’) +&() %-6) ToHt/4 # 8-+-Jo"&S) To&84B(Jo8,)-2”) 8" &-’ &-)"3)
0%,2-6)+--+82’()-")-2’)}62+0"6)+6)5’44)+6)-2” )-’0H#6)+8()8" 8( %o-Jo" &6)"3)
-2’)62+0°)%66B’I

8"&T° 06%" &)"$4%,+-%" 8I)"'0)%o&6"3-+0)+6)-2’ )8"W+&AY @’08%6 6)+&)"/-%"&I)
52"44A)"0)% &V+0-J)"3),0+&-%o &,)62+0 6)%&)-2’ )8"#/+ &A)%&6-’ +()"3V+A%&, )
-2’) 6B#)"3)#"&’ A)(B’)+&()-")-2’)’ @-’ &-)-2+4-) %&)’ +82)8+6’) +)8+62)
settlement is not granted, or own shares or other forms of fulfillment
+0’ )B6’(IIN+82)%66B’ )"3)&’5)62+0’ 6)62+44)-+F’ /4-+8’)+-)-2’)(~0#%&’()

"1-%" &)"0)8" &T 06%" &0%8" J)/BO6B+&-)")-2’)+3" 0 #’ &-%"&’ (HB-2"0%[+  G
-%" &resolution. The new shares participate in the profit from the
beginning of the fiscal year in which they are created; insofar as this
Jo6)4’ +44 AV’ 0#%66%$4’ J)-2’ IN @’ 8B-%T’ )Q"-+0()#4+-AI)5 %-2)-2 4/10" 744)"3)
-2’)EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0(J)+&() %&)(?7%+-Jo" &)30" #6’ 8-%o"&)DP_ )<L>)HF-2J)
stipulate that the new shares also participate in the profit for a past
fiscal year. The Executive Board is authorized, with the approval of
-2°)EB/’07%6"0A)Q"+0()}+&()"3)NI__-)*O8FJ)-")6-%/B4+-’)-2’)3B0-20)-+%46)
"3)-27) [HA &-+-Jo" &)"3)-2’) Yo880? +6” )%&)8" 8-8,’ &-)8+/%-+4])

12°)8"#/+8&A)%6)&"-)+B-2"0%[’ ()-")+8TB%0” )%-6)"5&)62+0" 61)

12°)8"#/+8&A)2+6)&"-) &-’0° ()%8&-")+&A HH’ 0%+4)+,0"'#’ &-6)6B$Z’8-)
-")4)82+8,’)"3)8" &-0"4)/BO6B+&-)-")+)-+F’"7’0)"33’0)&"0)2+6)%-)’ &-'0°()

JoB&-" ECAR" HT’ 86+-T0" B)+,0" H &-6)5Jo-2)-2’ YH HS’ 06)"3)-2” N@’8B-%T” )
Q"+0()"0)'#/4"A’6)%&)-2’)'T’ &-)"3)-+)-+F'"7°0)"33° OL
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

160

1" HHS HSK (MIS? ( JSR? F/O ACG VK AHCI. 3$%4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

Additional information on
Merck KGaA in accordance with the
German Commercial Code (HGB)

12’ )#+&+,’#’ &-)0°/"0-)"3)* 045 )67+8)2+9)$"’ & A" #$%&’ ():%-2)-2’)
Group management report. The annual financial statements and the
A"#S %&’ ()H+Ec+, #’ &-)0’/"0-9)"3-2’ )* 045)70" + & (045 )67+8)
for 2017 are being filed with the electronic German Federal Gazette
(elektronischer Bundesanzeiger) and are available on the website of
-2’)T O#+&)4"#/4-&<)0’ ,.%9- =

JOM... TBC VS &+;&4(%.N2&<.47 C7).

The Statement on Corporate Governance according to section 289a
>7? is contained in the Corporate Governance section of this report.

=** 1%>18*1/&,3C 2!(@+..,.° Zo>!&’!
the net assets, financial position!
CHI+.>A)%>!&*'&;. 4(M$&’ >!

BC=D"EFG2!"S5EFHFEF=:!BI!E7=!8J:FG=::!:=SEBD:

As part of the strategic further development of Merck KGaA, it is
planned to spin off the existing operating activities of the Healthcare,
@’03"0#+&4’)*+-'0%+A9)+8&()B%3’)C4A%’ &A’)$:9% &’99)9’4-"09) %o&-")-20")
9°/+0-4-’ 4" #/-4+&%’ 9):Jo-2)-2’ )A’ + A)3" OH)" 3)+)7HS>)"O)7 O#4+- &)AUoH#I%-’()

liability corporation (hereinafter: “OpCo” or plural “OpCos”). The spin-
"33 of the business sectors to these OpCo target companies domiciled
in Darmstadt must be approved by the General Meeting of Merck KGaA
in April 2018. Following approval by the General Meeting, the three
business sectors are to be spun off with retroactive effect from Jan-
uary 1, 2018.

Combined control and profit and loss transfer agreements already
exist between the respective OpCos. Going forward, these agree-
ments are to remain in effect. Consequently, in the future there will
still be one company for corporation tax, trade tax and turnover tax
purposes. In the future, each OpCo will be owned by a business-
sector-relevant intermediate holding company, each of which is a
2" AA<)":&()9:$9%(Jo+0<)"3)*'045 —-)67+8=

C%8&4?)-2’ 428 %A+A)9<9-"#)0°D; %o0#’ &-9-")0'/"0-)-2’)$:9% &?99)94-"09)

spun off as regards the OpCos are not yet in place, the business
9°4-"09)9/:8)"33)+0’)-")$")#/"0+0%A<)A’ +9’ ()$+45)-")045);&-GA)-2’)

E.@ systems of the respective OpCos are introduced. For this purpose,)
045 )67+8) %9)’&~"0%&,) Z&-") +) $;9%&’ 99) A+ 9% &,) 4"&-0+4-) :%-2) -2’)
respective OpCo with retrospective effect from January 1, 2018. Until
the technical system requirements have been implemented, owing
-")-2’)$:9%&’ 99)A’+9’)*045 -)67+8):%AA)0’4"00)$:9% &’99)-04+&9-+4-%" &9)
in its own name and on its own behalf. Once the E.@ systems have
been introduced for each OpCo, the business lease will be terminated
and the business will be taken over in full.

8J:FG=::!:CKFE!"GL!ED"G:I=D!EB !
-=D51!D="K!=:E"E=!2-87M!L"D-:E"LE

12’)0°+A)?9-+-’)+&()/0"/’0-%? 9)"3)*?045 )67+8)-+0" 0’ &-’()$+9"()"&)

a general rental agreement with effect on December 15, 2017 from
045 )67+8)-") #045) .’+A)E9-+-) 7#$>=) 8) 4"#$%&’ ()4"&-0" A) +.&()

profit and loss transfer agreement exists between Merck KGaA and
Merck Real Estate GmbH. Therefore, Merck Real Estate GmbH is one
of the companies in fiscal unity with Merck KGaA.

Within the scope of this reorganization, 111 employees of Merck KGaA
20°45? &)"&)$<)*045).’ +A )E9-+-’ \7#$>=)12’)-0+&93° 00? (99° -9)+8&()

liabilities are presented in the overview at the end of this section. The
Jo] +4-)" &)-2’) Vo8A"#’ )9-+-#’ &-)"3)* 045 )67+8):+9)"&A<) H+ O%+A )
% &)FGHI=

:=C"D"EFBG!BI!E7=!5BG:J-=D!7="KE7!8J:FG=::!

By way of the transfer agreement dated August 31, 2017, Merck KGaA
transferred to Merck Consumer Health GmbH, Darmstadt, with retro-
active effect from January 1, 2017 and via Merck Consumer Health
Holding Germany GmbH, its Consumer Health business along with
all the allocable business assets, rights and duties in the course of a
so-called chain transfer. The separation serves to prepare the strategic
0°1"9%-Jo" & o&,)"3)-2’)!" &9:#’ 0)>? +A-2)$;9 %&’ 99): %-2%&)-2’ Y*°045)70" /=
W"#$% &()*+&+,# &-).°7"0- 1" HHS HKG? SA, (JSR? G1 F/O ICG VA KAHC 3S %4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

12’)"/0+-%"&9)"3)*’045)!"&9;#'0)>’ +A-2)7#$>):’0’) Yo (Jot-’ AX)

A’+9'()$+45)-")*7045 )67+8)+3-’0)-2”)-0+&93’0)-") #045

lease fee amounted to € 1.3 million in 2017. Additionally, the effects
"&)2?)To&A"#? )0-+-#? &-)"3}-2’ A" H/4+& <0’ )&"-}H#4+--’0%+A=)EHA"<’’9

70°) &"-)-04+&93’ 00" ()-")*?045)!"&9:#°0)>?+A-2)7#$>=)

728 9

161

The following overview presents the assets and liabilities transferred
from Merck KGaA to Merck Consumer Health GmbH with retroactive
effect from January 1, 2017.

pe

ods ) #045 )
J)#%AA%"&) 1"&9:#°0)>"+A-2 J +A)E9-+-”
Transferred assets
W"#$.% &’ ()*-+4#%,,+-
C"3-:+0" K G=G
2;%oM(%o&,9) H=L K
Plant and machinery, other facilities L=M G=L
!"&9-0;4-%" &)%&)/0" "0°99 H=N K
75 0.4
"HOLL+&-#%,,+-,#
Inventories L=L K
Trade accounts receivable G=N K
Other receivables and other assets H=L K
6.3 —
Total assets 13.8 0.4
Transferred liabilities
!"#2134(,,(3&,#
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits K G=M
Other provisions H=N H=L
1.5 2.0
"#5(Jo)(#(-(4,#
10+(’)+44";&-9)/+<+$A’) H=G K
Other liabilities K K
1.0 —
Total liabilities 2.5 2.0
Total transferred assets less liabilities 11.3 1.6

W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

162

8A>$’ >> 1#.<.)&;,.’%

In 2017, Merck KGaA sales increased by € 342 million. The increase
0°9;A~’()30"#)-2’)>? +A-2440")+&()B%3’ )C4%’ &A4’)$;9% &’99)9?4-"09) +9): AA)

as other sales. By contrast, sales of the Performance Materials business
9°4-"0)?4A%&’ ()9A%,2-A<O

1" HHS HSK (MIS? ( JSR? F/O ACG VK AHCI. 3$%4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

a

124&,")
J )#%AA%"&) 2017 FGHM I )#%AA%"&) )%SP
>’ +A-24+0’ 2,404 2,232 HIF I=IP
B%3’)C4%’ &4’ Il IHG MI 9.4%
@’03"0#+&4’)*+-"0%+ AM 1,399 1,407 -8 KG=MP
Other sales 228 HHM HHF 96.5%
Total sales 4,807 4,465 342 7.7 P

Other sales mainly included intragroup cross-charging for IT services
and other administration services. The increase was due to higher
"&,"%&,)4"9-9)3"0)Q1)/0"R’4-9=)

The share of sales with other Group companies (Group sales)
amounted to 93.6% in 2017 (2016: 91.0%).

—

124&,")
J )#%AA%"&) 2017 FGHM MI HAAG" &) )%8P
70"3/)9+A’9 4,500 4,063 LSI 10.8%
C+A’9)-")-2%00/+0-%’9 SGI LGF -95 KFS=MP
Total 4,807 4,465 342 1.1%

At 90.3% (2016: 89.4%), the share of exports in 2017 was slightly
above the previous year’s level.

SSS

124&,")
J )#%AA%"&) 2017 FGHM I )#%AA%"&) )%SP
Outside Germany 4,341 3,990 SNH 8.8%
TORE < LMI LIN -8 KH=IP
Total 4,807 4,465 342 7.7%
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0-

In the Healthcare business sector, the increase in sales was primarily)
due to an agreement on a one-time payment for future license pay-
ments. Sales of products, on the other hand, remained almost
unchanged. The increase in sales of cardiovascular therapies
(+14.8%) was approximately offset by a decline in sales of the
oncology drug Erbitux (- 7.5%). Thyroid therapies generated a slight
rise in sales (+2.5%). Overall, the business sector recorded sales
declines in the region of Europe, offset by a sales increase in the
Asia-Pacific region.

D=:JKE:!BI!BC=D"EFBG:

1" HHS HKG? SA, (JSR? G1 F/O ICG VA KAHC 3S %4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

163

In Performance Materials, sales by the Display Materials business unit
did not reach the previous year’s level. The sales increases in the "-2’0)
two business units Pigments & Functional Materials (+10.6%) and
Advanced Technologies (+8.3%) did not compensate for this. Sales
declines were recorded particularly in the Asia-Pacific region. This
:+9)!"339’-)$<)+)9A %,2-)To840’ +9” )%o8-2” JO? ,%o" &9)"3)E:0"/’ + &(JT"0-2)4+-&( )
B+-%&)8# 0%4+=

In 2017, sales by the Life Science business sector increased by
9.4%. Growth was generated by all three business units, whereby
Process Solutions accounted for the largest share of growth (+14%).
The largest sales increases were recorded in the regions of Europe,
North and Latin America, as well as Asia-Pacific.

pe

12+&,")

J)#%AA%"&) 2017 FGHM W )#%AA%" &) )%SP
C+A’9 4,807 4,465 SLS I=IP
Other income FHF 185 FI HL=SP
1"9-)"3)#+—"0%+A9 -1,505 -1,488 KHI H=HP
@’09"&&’ AYU? &9'9 -1,258 -1,055 KFGS 19.2%
Depreciation, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses -183 KHIM ki L=FP
Other operating expenses -1,801 -1,726 KIN L=SP
Investment income/Write-downs of financial assets 847 659 188 28.6%
Financial result KFGH KFLS LH KHI=HP
Pro t before pro t transfers and taxes 917 621 296 47.71%
Profit transfers KNSS KLGG KHNS 38.2%
U9 -193 KMN -128 196.9%
Pro t after pro t transfers and taxes/Net income 171 156 15 9.8 P

12°)%&40"+9’)%&therincome _):+9)#+%&A<)+--0%$;-+$A’")2%,2’ OHA" +)
from increased inventories of work in progress and finished goods.
)%o&A0’ +9’ (9A %,2-A<=)12’ 4"9-)"3)#4--0%+A9)%E&)
relation to sales amounted to 31.3% (2016: 33.3%).
12’)%&40’ +9’) %& personnel expenses ):+9)(;’)-")2%,2’ 0) &9%"&)
expenses, on the one hand. The increase in pension expenses
0°9;A-’()30"#) +8&) +(R;9-#° &-) Jo&) FGHM)"3)-2”) +4-;+0%+A) Yo&-'09-)0+4-")
used for the measurement of pension provisions. Due to the law on

12’) cost of materials

implementation of the directive on credit agreements relating to
residential immovable property and on the amendment of provisions
of commercial law, in 2016 the specified period for measurement of
the average market interest rate was extended from seven to ten
years. This resulted in lower pension expenses in 2016. On the other

hand, wages and salaries increased as a result of the collectively agreed)
14<)%o8A0’ +9” +8 ()-2’)2%,2’ 0) & #8’ 0)"3) HA"<??9=)

Depreciation, amortization, write-downs and impairment losses
increased slightly by 4.2% as a result of higher fixed assets.

12’)0%9’ )% &other operating expenses ):+9)(5" ")%&A40’ +9’ 9+A’9)
and marketing activities as well as higher expenses in connection with)
provisions for litigation risks.
improved mainly as a result of a higher
dividend payment from Merck Holding GmbH, Gernsheim.

12’) nancial result improved overall owing to higher interest
income from plan assets, which are offset against the interest com-
ponent of the addition to pension provisions.

Investment income
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

164

G=E!"::=E:!"GL!IIFG"GSF"K!CB:FEFBG

1" HHS HSK (MIS? ( JSR? F/O ACG VK AHCI. 3$%4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

SCCEILC ) pe

12+&,"
J)#%AA%"&) Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016 J)#%AA%"&) SP
Fixed assets 18,148 17,563 585 3.3%
Q&-+&,%$A’)+99’-9 490 FNG FLG 95.9%
14+&,%$A’)+99’-9 1,173 1,003 HIG 16.9%
Financial assets 16,486 16,310 HIM H=HP
Current assets 1,763 1,504 259 17.2%
Inventories 688 MSN NS 8.4%
Trade accounts receivable 181 291 KHHG K§$I=IP
Receivables and other assets 892 NIM SHM 54.8%
Cash and cash equivalents H F KH KNG=GP
Prepaid expenses 28 28 0 0.0%
19,940 19,095 845 44%

BQ8?QBQ 1 QF Cj

12+&,"
J)#%AA%"&) Dec. 31, 2017 Dec. 31, 2016 J)#%AA%"&) SP
Net equity 5,328 5,290 38 0.7%
Provisions 1,312 1,034 278 26.9%
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits FGG 80 HFG HNG=NP
Other provisions 1,112 954 158 HM=MP
Liabilities 13,281 12,769 512 4.0%
Financial obligations 1,500 1,500 K G=GP
10+(’)+44";&-9)/+<+$A’ 292 FMG SF HF=SP
Other liabilities 11,489 11,009 480 L=LP
Deferred income 18 2 16 800.0%
19,940 19,095 845 44%

The net assets and financial position of Merck KGaA changed only
slightly in comparison with the previous year. With a 4.4% increase
in total assets, the equity ratio amounted to 26.7% (2016: 27.7%).

At the Darmstadt site, the construction project to expand global
headquarters made further progress. This significantly contributed
-")-2’)%&A40’ +9” )%&)-+&,%$A’ +99’ -9=

The increase in financial assets was due to a payment made to the
capital reserve of Merck 12. Allgemeine Beteiligungs-GmbH in 2017.

The increase in current assets (+ € 259 million) was mainly attributable)
to higher receivables from affiliates for short-term loans. By contrast,
tax receivables declined.
The increase in other provisions (+ € 158 million) was mainly due
to higher provisions for income taxes and for legal risks.
127)0%9’) %&)"-2°0) A%+$%A%-%’ 9) 0'9;A~’ ()/OGH#+O%A <)30"#)-2’) 4A’? 40%&,)
account with Merck Financial Services GmbH, Darmstadt.
)
W"#$% &? Q*+&+, # &-)./"0-

D.>.(4/4 (#1 <8. %

In 2017, research and development spending on projects of Merck KGaA)
and other Group companies totaled € 685 million (2016: € 751 million).)
8) A+0,”)/"0-%o"&) :+9)+A9") %&4:00' ()$<)4"#/4+-& J’ 9)";-9%(’)-2’) #045)

Group. In Darmstadt, Healthcare mainly focuses on oncology as well
as autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. The decline of € 75 million)
in R&D spending by the Healthcare business sector was reflected in
the decline of € 66 million in overall R&D spending (-8.8%). At the
same time, the Healthcare business sector accounted for 59.6%
(2016: 64.3%) and thus the largest proportion of research and

1" HHS HKG? SA, (JSR? G1 F/O ICG VA KAHC 3S %4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

165

development spending. The Performance Materials business sector
focuses its research activities on developing new and improved basic
materials and mixtures for LC displays, as well as for innovative OLED)
applications. To strengthen the Pigments business, new effect pigments)
for the automotive, cosmetics and printing ink sectors have been
developed. In the Life Science business sector, research activities
34:9" ()%o&)/+0-%4;A +0)" &)-42.8"A",%’9)3"0)AF$"0+4-"0<)+8()A%3’ 94%’ &4’)
applications, and new developments were driven forward. These
included improved test kits, chromatography methods, substrates
for separating active substances, and innovations in the fields of
#%4O"$%"A",<)+8()2<,%’ &’ )#"&IJo-"0%&,=

ye

124&,")
J #%AA%"&) 2017 FGHM I )#%AA%"&) )%SP
>? +A-24+0’ 408 483 KIN KHN=NP
B%3’)C4%’ &4’ SN 39 KL KHG=SP
@’03"0#+&4’ )*+-"0%+ AD FFG FFS KS KH=SP
Other R&D spending that cannot be allocated to the individual business sectors FF M HM FMM=IP
Total 685 751 —66 8.8%

The ratio of research and development spending to sales was 14.3%
(2016: 16.8%). Overall, the average number of employees working
in research and development was 2,515. Merck KGaA is one of the
main research sites of the Merck Group, accounting for a share of
32.0% (2016: 38.0%) of total Group research and development
OP &(Jo&=) 12’) (?40’ +9") %o&)-2%9) 9240") :+9) (57)"&)-2’)"8&?)2+8&()=")

lower research and development costs of Merck KGaA and on the other
hand to higher research and development costs of the Merck Group.)

L$<$#.’#

For 2017, we are proposing to the General Meeting the payment of a
dividend of € 1.25 per share.

C.+>&’’.)

As of December 31, 2017, Merck KGaA had 10,677 employees, which
was an increase over the previous year (2016: 9,988).
Average number of employees by functional area:

PERSONNEL) jt

144.1%’ +#8&06)+1#37#+68*394+,#:01(&’#-;4#9+% 1 2017 FGHM
@0"(:4-%"& 3,536 3,270
8(#%&%9-0+F-%"& 3,072 2,881
19°+4042 2,515 2,320
B",%9-%49 648 MFL
C+A’9)+&()H#+05"-%E&, NIL NSH
Other 128 118
Total 10,473 9,744
W#$ % 8 *+&+, # &-)./"0-

166

D$>0>!(#!&;;&+%A’$%$.>

#045 )67+8)%9)A+0,’ A<)9;$R’4-)-")-2) 944 )"//""0-;8& %-Jo’ 9) +&()0%959)
+9)-2’)*?045)70"3/=)*"0" )% 83" O#4-To" & A+8)$? 3" 3&()%&)-2’).7/"0-)"&)
Risks and Opportunities.

1&4+./(>%!*&+!-.4+/0 112¢"
L=HF"EFBG:!BI!"S5EJ"K!8J:FG=::!L=H=KBC-=GE: !
FG!NOPQ!IDB-!E7=!CD=HFBJ:KR!D=CBDE=L!2JFL"G5=S

In 2016, sales were forecast to increase slightly in all three business
sectors in fiscal 2017.

The sales increase in the Healthcare business sector (+ 7.7%)
49) #4+% &A<) -2’)0°9;A-)"3)2%,2°0) AWA’ &9’) To&A"#’ =) C+A’9)"3)/0"(-4-9)
increased slightly over the previous year’s level as additional sales
of cardiovascular therapies (+14.8%) offset the decline in sales of
the oncology drug Erbitux (- 7.5%).

Sales by the Life Science business sector increased significantly
(+9.4%). All business units, Research Solutions (+ 6.6%), Applied
Solutions (+ 6.7%) and Process Solutions (+14.0%), contributed to
9+A°9),0":-2=

Continued high competitive pressure in the Liquid Crystals business)
led to a slight decline in Performance Materials sales (-0.6%). The
decline in the Display Materials business unit (- 4.8%) was not fully

1" HHS HSK (MIS? ( JSR? F/O ACG VK AHCI. 3$%4!%4.12.4,0 15&,,. 4/8 S&H

728 9

offset by sales increases in the Pigments & Functional Materials
(+10.6%) and Advanced Technologies (+ 8.3%) business units.

8)3:0-2’0)0%9? ) %o&) &? -) W&A"#) +9) H+ VOBA <)(;")-")2%,2’ 0)9+A’9)+&()
improved investment income. The increase in investment income
was mainly attributable to a higher dividend payment from Merck
Holding GmbH, Gernsheim. On the expenses side, this was offset by
higher expenses in connection with legal risks, resulting in an overall
increase in net income of 9.8%.

The financial resources for the company continue to be provided
by Merck Financial Services GmbH, Darmstadt.

Forecast 2018
For fiscal 2018, slight sales increases are expected for the Life
4%’ &A4’)+&()>?+A-24+0’ )$:9%&’ 99)9 4-"09=)C+A’9)$<)-2’)@ 03" 0H#+-&4’)
Materials business sector, however, are expected to decline slightly.
As in 2016, the financing costs of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition
continue to adversely affect net income. Nevertheless, positive
investment income and dividend payments from subsidiaries will lead
again to a slight increase in net income. Merck Financial Services
GmbH, Darmstadt, will provide the company with sufficient financial
0°9";0479)+8&()-2:9)’ &9:0° JA%D;%(%-<=)
Currently no risks can be identified that could jeopardize the
A" &-%o&;’()" U%9~’ &A’)"3)-2’ )A"H/ 4 & <=
