

--- Page 1 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

22

Group strategy and market opportunities

1. Group strategy and market opportunities

Schneider Electric is leading the Digital Transformation of Energy Management and
Automation in Homes, Buildings, Data Centers, Infrastructure and Industries. With
global presence in over 100 countries, Schneider is the undisputable leader in Power
Management — Medium Voltage, Low Voltage and Secure Power, and in Automation Systems.
We provide integrated efficiency solutions, combining energy, automation and software.

In our global Ecosystem, we collaborate with the largest Partner, Integrator and Developer Community
on our Open Platform to deliver real-time control and operational efficiency. We believe that great
people and partners make Schneider a great company and that our commitment to Innovation,
Diversity and Sustainability ensures that Life ls On everywhere, for everyone and at every moment.

Our mission

At Schneider Electric, our mission is to serve our customers by
developing innovative products and solutions that simplify the lives
of those who use them. We bring together our expertise and solutions
to drive new possibilities.

As aleader of the Digital Transformation of Energy Management
and Automation, we are committed to global improvement in
connectivity, sustainability, efficiency, reliability and safety in 5 places:
in our homes, in our cities and buildings, in our industries, and in the
cloud.

Our intent is to make sure that Life is On for everyone, everywhere
and at every moment with our technology. We ensure that energy
is on for our customers and that it is:

¢ safe: protecting people and assets;

reliable: guaranteeing ultra-secure, ultra-pure and uninterrupted
power especially for critical applications;

¢ efficient: delivering solutions adapted to the specific needs
of each market that simplify customers’ lives and improve their
efficiency and productivity;

¢ sustainable: helping customers build a sustainable future by
using less of their resources and minimizing the impact on the
environment; and

¢ connected: leveraging new opportunities with the convergence
of Operational Technology (OT) and Information Technology (IT).

F248 SMegatrends in our environment are creating opportunities

Life is On when Life is Powered and Digital. Our world is increasingly
electric and digitization is enabling a new level of connectivity.
Electrification and Digitization continue to shape our lives as new
economies are built and mature economies are transformed, creating
new opportunities for Schneider Electric.

Electrification

Our world is becoming more electric, as electricity consumption
forecast to increase by 60% by 2040. According to the International

Energy Agency, electricity consumption will grow twice as fast as all
other energy sources. Three factors drive this transformation.

@ Electricity is the primary source of energy for modern
development: IT and modern appliances and applications are
all powered by electricity.

Electricity is an efficient and flexible source of energy. As a
result, a number of sectors are shifting towards greater use of
electricity, like transportation for instance.

Electricity is the primary vector for decarbonization today, with
renewable energies.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 2 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

The rise in personal income and the continued urban migration in new
economies is driving the rate of electrification, especially in residential
and commercial buildings. The IEA estimates that new economies will
represent 85% of global power consumption growth. China alone is
expected to account for 30% of total growth. Several of these new
economies are expected to see their power consumption increase
by a factor of 2 to 3 in the coming 20 years.

Electricity multiplies the efficiency of end-consumption, especially
when produced from renewable energies. As a result, some sectors
are progressively shifting towards more electricity in their energy mix.
Electric vehicles could for instance represent 54% of new vehicle
sales by 2040 according to Bloomberg (New Energy Finance). This
contributes to increasing electricity consumption, in particular in new
economies as they continue to develop their infrastructure, at the
expense of other energy sources.

Electrification is also the central solution to the current decarbonization
with the ongoing energy transition, which involves the migration of
the power sector towards a greater mix of renewable energies. CO,
emissions related to energy represent around 55% of total greenhouse
gas emissions (31% for direct emissions, 24% for power and heat),
and they are the fastest-growing emissions. The decarbonization
of the power sector alongside the electrification of other energy
demands, such as transportation, brings the potential for significant
decarbonization.

The rapid deployment and falling costs of clean energy technologies
continue to drive this transformation and make it possible. Bloomberg
estimates that renewables could capture more than 85% of total
investments through 2040. The trend since 2010, in which time costs
of new solar PV have come down by 70%, wind by 25% and battery
costs by 70%, will continue and shift the cost advantage to renewables
and storage. Bloomberg has estimated that the tipping point could
be reached in China and India in the early 2020s (comparing new
solar installations to new coal power plants). This transition is creating
new challenges for the power system as a new decarbonized and
decentralized energy paradigm shapes up, with a need for sustained
and improved reliability, greater efficiency, flexibility, and overall
collaboration. The demand side becomes the center of gravity of the
new power system, creating a multitude of opportunities. Digitization
will be the key enabler of this transformation.

The world will be more electric and digital, and this is very favorable
for Schneider Electric, having focused > 90% of our business on
the Energy Demand side, with strong global leadership positions
across our 4 end markets.

Group strategy

As a leader in the Digital Transformation of Energy Management and
Automation, Schneider Electric is at the forefront to capture these
megatrends with an extensive energy management and automation
offer that the Group delivered globally through complementary
business models and access channels. We have a unique set of
energy management and automation technologies, strategically
positioned on the demand side of the energy landscape.

Group strategy and market opportunities

Digitization

In the past 20 years, the Internet has connected 3.5 billion people
together. Over the next years there will be 10 times more devices
connected than people and by 2020 the Internet will connect over
30 billion devices. The increase in connectivity is complemented by
access to real-time information through enhanced and competitive
computing capabilities. This is changing our personal and professional
lives. Customer experience is at the center of this transformation and
companies are digitizing their operations to meet these demands.
At the same time, they expect a complete digital experience from their
own suppliers. Employees are also increasingly using online platforms
and tools to collaborate across countries. Digitization is changing the
way we work and is creating a multitude of new opportunities.

Digitization is driven by the combination of 5 technological advances:

pervasive sensing enabling the collection of vast amount of
data;

@ the cloud, enabling aggregation and secured access to data;
® analytics creating insights from data;

mobility through smart devices, enabling pervasive, rich and
easy user experience;

¢ and finally, cybersecurity providing protection from against
attacks or damage.

Digitization enables machines, plants and buildings to reach new
levels of reliability, safety, efficiency and productivity. It enables step
changes in terms of asset performance management (notably with
predictive analytics), operator empowerment (augmented reality)
and making enterprises and facilities more agile to varying operating
conditions (information systems, analytics, lifecycle management)
Industrial software is the core of smart factories. Schneider Electric
has significantly strengthened its industrial software offering,
especially in operations management, for process management as
well as industrial automation applications.

Electrification and digitization are creating many new opportunities for
Schneider Electric, from growing needs in terms of automation and
connectivity to the massive requirements for demand side energy
management. Schneider Electric will continue to play a leading role
in the movement toward a more reliable, safe, efficient, sustainable,
and connected world

Driving the world’s digital energy
transition

The energy transition generates significant issues that remain to be
tackled, as the world operates a paradigm shift towards decentralized
and intermittent renewable power. Digitization on demand side is a
key success factor to enable this transition.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

23


--- Page 3 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

24

Group strategy and market opportunities

The World Economic Forum has estimated that energy efficiency is
the cheapest solution to tackle the transition. However, 70% of the
world’s energy is still used today without any efficiency performance
requirements. For new buildings, % of the energy consumption has no
applicable codes or standards. According to the IEA, the improvement
in energy efficiency in the major energy-consuming sectors (industry,
buildings and residential) could help reduce energy use by 15% to
25%, a very attractive business scenario in all economies. Schneider
Electric has developed a unique portfolio of products and solutions
for active energy management to homes, buildings, industrial plants,
data centers and infrastructures. Our digital solutions typically enable
savings of 30%, based on data provided by past projects.

The new emerging power system requires increased flexibility. Here
again, digitization of the demand side enables increased levels of
flexibility. Schneider Electric has developed a comprehensive portfolio
of solutions to monitor and digitally control demand. In addition, the
company has been very active in developing microgrid solutions,
which inherently bring new levels of flexibility to the grid. Schneider
Electric's innovative, advanced digital solutions and services enable
utilities to operate and maintain more reliable, resilient, and efficient
grids, enabling the smooth integration and management of distributed
energy resources into power networks. Finally, Schneider Electric
is also active in advising customers on their energy procurement
strategies, enabling companies to adopt more sustainable and
efficient energy profiles, a must do as the number of market actors
increases alongside demands for decarbonized, reliable and cost
effective energy solutions.

The one full-liner in automation: leading in
discrete, hybrid and process automation

Industries are facing significant opportunities as digitization pervades
all usages. Schneider Electric is the sole full-liner in process automation
and hybrid manufacturing, delivering complete IloT (Industrial
Internet Of Things) solutions for the plants and machines domain.
Through EcoStruxure™ , built upon leading smart connected devices,
a complete renewed edge control and leading software platform,
Schneider Electric delivers IloT services to improve efficiency and
energy management for the whole life-cycle of plants and machines.
As industries digitize, they can extract increased performance
from their assets, notably through predictive maintenance, longer
lifetime, optimized energy and raw materials consumption. They
can also significantly empower operators, notably with the use of
augmented reality and digital repositories. They can achieve a greater
level of agility for their enterprises, optimizing plant manufacturing
in varying demand and supply conditions, and streamlining supply
chains throughout the enterprise. Our references have shown that
productivity can be improved by around 30% through the proper
deployment of digital technologies.

Driving the digital transformation
of customers and partners

Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy
management and automation, with a portfolio of activities 90% focused
on the demand side. Through EcoStruxure™, Schneider brings a
comprehensive response to the challenges of digital transformation,
across 6 domains and for 4 end-user markets. EcoStruxure™ is
an open architecture, which integrates connectivity at the lowest
level, control at the edge for critical operations, and cloud-based
digital services, throughout the lifecycle of assets. EcoStruxure™
architectures are deployed across 480,000+ sites around the world
EcoStruxure™ is also a community, with 20,000+ system integrators
and developers, actively engaging on the platform, as well as a broad
range of technology alliance partners, supporting the development
of a complete open ecosystem

In addition to continuously innovating and digitizing our offers,
Schneider Electric aims to provide the best-in-class digital
experience to our customers and partners. Our digitized and dynamic
sales & marketing channels, provide customers with easy access
to up-to-date information on our offers and company, be it on social
media, our web or our partner portals. We deliver a digitized and
tailored customer service experience from the design phase to
operations and maintenance. Digitization is at the core of the Group’s.
strategy and Schneider Electric is committed to supporting the digital
transformation of its customers and its partners. We also want to
facilitate interaction between our partners, across the value chain, by
bringing them on to one open platform and integrating them in to a
digitally enabled ecosystem that will eliminate current inefficiencies.

Leveraging opportunities
in new economies

New economies will continue to experience accelerated development
in the medium-term as they catch up with more mature economies
and in many cases leapfrog into the latest digital technologies.
Schneider Electric's long-term commitment to new economies has.
resulted in strong growth over the last decade, at around 15% CAGR.
Our customer focus and local knowledge have resulted in several
emblematic customer successes, such as the following examples:

China: Power and Automation solution for a leading steel company,
leveraging the strengths of EcoStruxure™ plug-and-play architecture
from connected products to software. The customer faces difficulties
in cost optimization (labor, energy, capacity management) and
deploys a complete EcoStruxure™ solution, including power system,
automation system, optimization application to reach a productivity
increase objective of 30%. In addition, the solution delivers enhanced
benefits such as increased safety, reduced mechanical issues and
facilitated maintenance.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 4 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

India: Future-proofing the data centers of a global IT infrastructure
services provider with Schneider Electric solutions and services.
Schneider Electric carried out a comprehensive audit for 11
data center sites across India. This resulted in the delivery of a
modular and scalable solution with remote monitoring for predictive
maintenance supported by Schneider Electric experts. The outcome
include savings of up to 50% of floor space, 75% less time spent on
maintenance and 25% savings on generator capacity.

South Korea: The Smart Panel solution implemented in a world-class
general construction project incorporated measurement, connection,
and powerful energy management capabilities. This project resulted
in cost reduction through efficient energy management, improved
facility operations and power stability and a 30% reduction in electrical
room space.

New economies present the biggest long-term opportunity for growth
as a result of electrification and digitization. Schneider Electric
expects continued opportunities and growth in these markets. Our
long-term commitment helps us build an intimate knowledge of these
markets and we believe that the strength of our brand, our competitive
local supply chain and the development of local marketing and R&D
capabilities are competitive advantages.

Building differentiated and complementary
business models

Our 4 businesses offer a wide range of products, services, software
and solutions. Each of these offers have different revenue growth and
profitability profiles, complementing each other to fulfil our partners’
and customers’ needs. With a strategy of accelerated growth of our
profitable businesses and improvement in our systems, Schneider
Electric focuses on selling:

¢ More products through our industry-leading partner network
offering a wide range of market-leading products supported
by a superior digital customer experience. Our products offer
best-in-class technology to our distributors and direct partners,
such as contractors, system integrators and electricians, who
provide the ability to reach large numbers of small and medium-
sized customers. Our connected products, the “things” of loT,
connect seamlessly to higher-level systems and software, with
embedded cybersecurity.

More services to partners and end users to maximize the
business value of their installations and optimize their processes.
Schneider Electric offers a wide range of services, such as
digitally enhanced field services to our large installed base,
digital services providing customers with the right information
in the right place and time and advisory services, such as
energy management and sustainability services helping end
users understand and optimize their energy and resource use.
With a network of over 37,000 qualified technicians and domain
experts, Schneider Electric gives our customers optimized
performance and peace of mind.

¢ More software to drive efficiency and control for our partners
and end users. In the past 5 years, Schneider Electric has
developed of a full portfolio of software, apps, and analytics
to permit, enable and catalyze optimization. With the recent

Group strategy and market opportunities

integration of AVEVA, we have created a global leader in
industrial software, with scale and relevance in key markets and
an extensive technology portfolio. This will provide our customers
with a comprehensive and open software portfolio offering an
unmatched set of end-to-end solutions covering all aspects of
digital asset management from process simulation to design,
construction and manufacturing operations.

@ A better system where we focus on delivering more specialized
systems (equipment & projects), both through our partners
or direct to end users, with tested and validated reference
architectures. They provide significant opportunities to develop
greater customer intimacy and stickiness through dialogue with
final end-users, which in turn helps inform the Group's quest for
continuous innovation.

Our products, services, software and solutions are all combined
in EcoStruxure™, our open, interoperable, loT-enabled system
architecture and platform. EcoStruxure™ delivers enhanced value
around safety, reliability, efficiency, sustainability, and connectivity.
EcoStruxure™ leverages advancements in loT, mobility, sensing,
cloud, analytics and cybersecurity to deliver Innovation at every
level, from Connected Products, Edge Control to Apps, Analytics &
Services. EcoStruxure™ has been deployed in 480,000+ installations,
with the support of 20,000+ system integrators, connecting over
1.5 million assets.

Our EcoStruxure™ architecture and interoperable technology
platform brings together energy, automation, and software. It provides
enhanced value around safety, reliability, efficiency, sustainability, and
connectivity. In turn, this advancement opens up the digital world to
customers across our end markets, enabling them to be competitive
in today's loT economy.

Investing in profitable and responsible
growth while driving efficiency

We believe in the high and long-term growth potential of our business
and Schneider Electric continuously invests to drive that growth
This investment is focused on sustained spending on research and
development, as well as growing our commercial presence and
skills, especially in the fields of high value-added technologies and
services.

In addition to our commitment to organic growth, the Group has
invested in companies, joint ventures, strategic alliances and mergers
that have reinforced our global leadership, provided skills in energy
management and automation, or related to local businesses in new
economies.

Finally, driving efficiency at all levels of the Company is an equally
important focus. We continuously seek to generate savings from
purchasing and manufacturing and through improving operational
efficiency by reducing selling, general and administrative expenses,
while maintaining best-in-class standards in environmental
sustainability and social responsibility.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

25


--- Page 5 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

26

Group strategy and market opportunities

FEM Group competitive strengths

Schneider Electric is a leader in technology innovation and adapts to
changing ecosystems and customer needs.

Technological leadership in energy
management and automation

We are developing best-in-class technology in energy management
and automation to meet growing customer needs and challenges.
We estimate that nearly 80% of our revenue is derived from sales in
businesses where Schneider Electric enjoys a number 1 or 2 market
position: low voltage distribution, medium voltage distribution and
grid automation, discrete industrial automation and control, critical
power and cooling. We design products and solutions that we
believe offer the best levels of safety, reliability and efficiency. This is
achieved through a renewed commitment to innovation and significant
investments in research and development. As a result, our products
and solutions meet the needs of our customers for safety, simplicity,
connectivity, and flexibility. Additionally, through an ongoing dialogue
with our customers, we are able to maintain our very high standards.
of quality and to anticipate the innovation that will help drive our future
growth. Thanks to this technological leadership, the Group's brands
are among the most recognized in the industry.

Accelerating our digital transformation
journey

Schneider Electric accelerates its own digital transformation journey
with the formation of Schneider Digital, ensuring a consistent and
integrated digital experience across our offers and interactions with
customer and partners. Schneider Digital is based on 4 foundational
pillars:

@ Leveraging common technology: through the appointment
of a Chief digital officer, the development of a transversal
digital organization, the centralized animation of a network
of technology partners, and a global resource allocation
management system. For instance, the Schneider Electric Digital
Services Factory, a ‘virtual’ factory created in cooperation with
Accenture, enables us to rapidly build and scale new offerings
in areas such as predictive maintenance, asset monitoring and
energy optimization;

¢@ Enhancing competencies: through extensive competency
mapping, digital learning and university partnerships;

o

Measuring performance: through the establishment of a digital
barometer and the creation of a digital committee at board
of directors’ level;

¢ Supporting a strong innovative ecosystem: with a robust
development ecosystem for partners, developers and system

integrators, faster time from idea to market, and the ability to
scale customer projects. For instance, our open EcoStruxure™
platform uses open protocols and standards to ensure we can
innovate and accelerate development with our best-in-class
partners. Openness is critical for bring value to our customers.

The value of an integrated portfolio

We maximize the Group's synergies and value proposition to
customers in our end markets through our integrated portfolio,
enhanced by our unique and integrated EcoStruxure™ approach,
as well as our integrated and specialized salesforce. This integrated
play generates close to 50% cross-selling of offers across our 4 end
markets, with pull-through technologies growing at a higher rate. The
values of such integrated approach are exemplified in the following
customer references:

@ A World Class reference data center for a leading telecom
services company in Africa with a solution consisting of a large
UPS system and a ~50% attach rate in Power Management and
Industrial offers. The combined offer, together with our Lifecycle
and Preventive Services were unmatched by the competition;

A Major transportation operator in Shanghai with a_ full
solution including operation system, distribution system,
electromechanical devices and spare parts. This enabled
the customer to move from passive response to pro-active
maintenance, and lower total investment during the lifecycle
especially during the Opex phase;

@ An End-to-end Smart Grid solution & Water Management system
including Medium Voltage, Process Automation and Software
Integrated Building Management System. The integrated solution
increased the efficiency of operators and management. The
implementation of advanced unified dashboards improved the
Situation Awareness and Operational readiness and provided
immediate access to critical KPIs & Reporting data in the Field.

Multiple access channels for a broad
and diffuse user base

We work with many types of partners, such as distributors, system
integrators, contractors, panel builders, electricians, machine
manufacturers and others, as well as with our end customers. The
Group has developed the widest network of distribution and direct
partners in its industry. This provides us with many access channels
to a market comprised of a broad and diffuse user base, ensuring
the right conditions for locally-run projects and local economic
development. These diverse market access channels, which support
our model with limited capital investment, also help to ensure that we
are not dependent on a limited number of large customers.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 6 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Long-term relationships with our distribution partners and end
customers are key to us and we are therefore constantly seeking to
enhance the value we add. Today's value chain in electrical distribution
is highly fragmented and inefficient, from design to maintenance. At
Schneider Electric we strive to improve interactions across the value
chain and bring all partners onto one open platform, with the right
tools to simplify the CapEx phase. As the worldwide leader in numbers.
of partners involved in the electrical distribution cycle, Schneider
Electric's mission is to integrate it into an ecosystem. Digitization
will help to connect these fragmented channels into a single Power
Ecosystem

Global reach with a unique local presence

We have operations in more than 100 countries, providing a balanced
global geographical exposure. Due to our large footprint, we are
one of the few companies that can deliver the highest standards
of technology and quality in energy management and automation,
across all multinational customer operations around the world. This
enables us to provide optimal services to our global customers, in
every location. In addition, we are reinforcing our local presence
and strong local partnerships in every country to serve our diffuse
customer base. Lastly, with 41% of our revenues in new economies

Group strategy and market opportunities

in 2017, we believe we are well positioned to capture growth. Our
presence in many diverse markets ensures that we understand local
needs, which assists us in serving our customers in each country
with dedicated products and solutions adapted to local requirements.

Scale through our integrated and global
supply chain

Our Global Supply Chain integrates over 200 factories and more than
90 distribution centers in 45 countries, managing 261,000 references
and processing 140,000 order lines/day. It has a strong focus on
customer satisfaction and operational efficiency. Powered by
EcoStruxure™ solutions, our Global Supply Chain continues to make
significant progress in both areas and in 2016 Schneider Electric was
included in Gartner's Supply Chain Top 25 Ranking for the first time,
as a clear sign of our achievements.

Schneider Electric supply chain is engaged in continuous digital
transformation to provide the best tailored customer experience while
integrating sustainability at every step through greener and more
efficient sites operating with EcoStruxure™

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

27


--- Page 7 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

2. Businesses, end-markets and customer
channels

Schneider Electric is centered on 2 core offerings : Energy Management
(Medium Voltage, Low Voltage and secure Power) and Industrial Automation and
operates in 4 principal markets: non-residential & residential buildings, utilities &
infrastructure, industry & machine manufacturers, and data centers & networks.

The Group manages multiple market access channels built on strong partnerships.

Leadership positions in our businesses

Schneider Electric operations are organized into 4 businesses: Medium Voltage, Low Voltage, Secure Power and Industrial Automation".

Energy Management

Medium Voltage

Medium Voltage business:
Number 1 Worldwide in Medium
Voltage & Grid Automation

The Medium Voltage (“MV”) business provides our
customers with the answer to the complex equation of
the energy transition. Historically, the Infrastructure scope
encompases primary and secondary Medium Voltage
switchgear, transformers, electrical network protection and
automation, remote control systems, and MV/LV substations.
With loT reaching power products, the medium voltage
business is now further built around connected products
and software for the integrated management of mission-
critical infrastructure and Advanced Grid Solutions as well
as asset performance management. Our software suite
includes, for example, Advanced Distribution Management
Software (ADMS), Operation Management Software (OMS),
Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA) software
and pipeline management software. Our products, software,
solutions and associated services can be delivered directly
to our end-users or indirectly through different channels
under various models, ranging from transactional sales to
end-to-end project delivery.

Energy Management

Low Voltage

Low Voltage business:
Number 1 Worldwide in Low Voltage
and Building Automation

Low Voltage electrical distribution products and
solutions address the needs of all end-markets from
residential to commercial buildings, spanning across
industries, infrastructures and data centers. The offer
portfolio is extensive and includes: protection functions
(such as circuit breakers), power monitoring and control,
power meters, electrical enclosures, busways, cable
management systems, power factor correction, products
for living spaces (such as wiring devices, network
connectivity, home automation and building controls),

as well as renewable energy conversion and connection
equipment and electric vehicle charging infrastructures.
EcoStruXure Power, the loT-enabled power management
solution of Schneider electric, enhances connectivity, real-
time operational reliability and smart analytics for low and
medium voltage architectures in all end-markets.

Building Automation facilitates comfort and energy
efficiency in non-residential buildings through automation
and security systems, including heating, ventilation &
air-conditioning (“HVAC”) controllers, sensors, valves and
actuators, programmable regulators, centralized building
management systems, space optimization solutions,
access control, video cameras and security monitoring
equipment. EcoStruXure Building, the open, collaborative
smart building loT platform, combines building
management software with hardware and services, to
maximize efficiency and comfort while reducing energy
costs up to 3

(1) Low Voltage was previously named Building and Secure Power was named IT.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 8 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Energy Management

Secure Power

Secure Power business:
Number 1 Worldwide in Critical Power
and Cooling

The Secure Power (“SP”) Business specializes in critical power
products and solutions for data centers and other applications
where power continuity and quality is essential. The portfolio
includes single-phase and 3 phase Uninterruptable Power
Supplies (“UPS”), plug-in surge protection, IT enclosures,
power distribution units, security and cooling systems,
services and IT Facility management software.

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

Industrial’ Automation

Industrial Automation business:
Number 2 Worldwide in discrete an
machine automation

Number 4 Worldwide in process
automation

The Industrial Automation business scope includes Process,
Hybrid and Discrete Automation, providing comprehensive
products and solutions for the automation and control of
machines, manufacturing plants and industrial sites. The
offer is based on smart connected devices such as discrete
sensors, motion systems, and world leading positions in push
buttons and signaling as well as motor control applications
based on leading ranges of frequency converters (Altivar)
and motor starters/contactors (Tesys). The business includes
a full range of comprehensive edge control systems and
software such as distributed control systems (Foxboro Evo)
and leading safety systems (Triconex), machine and process
control (PLC Modicon) and human-machine interface
(“HMI”) operator panels. The Industrial Automation business
also provides an innovative range of software for design,
operation and maintainance of the industrial processes. This
includes modeling/simulation (SimSci), supervisory control
systems (Wonderware) and asset management (Avantis)
software, addressing the full life-cycle of the industrial assets
for lloT-ready solutions. Industrial Automation's software
and apps offer is addressing autonomous machines as
well as complete processes to improve productivity and
energy efficiency, leveraging the Group’s connected offer
for power distribution to deliver a complete automation and
power solution.

(1) Medium Voltage was previously named Infrastructure and Industrial Automation was named Industry.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

29


--- Page 9 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

30

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

Schneider Electric serves customers in 4 principal markets:

Serving 4 attractive end-markets

non-residential & residential buildings;
utilities and Infrastructures;
industries and machine manufacturers;
data centers and networks.

Non-residential and residential buildings

The non-residential buildings market includes public, commercial
and industrial buildings such as offices, hotels, hospitals, shopping
malls, schools, sports and cultural centers. Because this sector is
energy intensive, energy efficiency is key and is subject to new and
demanding regulations. Specific requirements must be met in terms
of occupant comfort, safety and environmental friendliness, as do
the needs of owners and building managers seeking to reduce
investment costs and optimize maintenance and operating costs.
Schneider Electric's non-residential customers include end-users,
property developers, design firms, systems integrators, panel
builders and installers, electrical equipment distributors and building
management companies. EcoStruxure™ Building unlocks value
across the building ecosystem to meet the requirements of building
owners, real estate developers, system integrators, facility managers
and building occupants.

In the context of single-family homes and apartment buildings,
Schneider Electric's market is driven both by renovation and
refurbishment needs, particularly in mature economies, as well
as by construction, particularly in new economies. Whether for
renovation or construction, the underlying challenge is to reconcile
technical constraints, local standards and regulations with consumer
preferences. They not only desire comfort and aesthetics, but
increasingly, energy efficiency, connectivity, security and monitoring
services as well. Residential customers include mainly electricians,
architects and decorators, those involved in the home automation
industry, lighting and security firms, construction firms, contractors,
electrical equipment distributors and large do-it-yourself (“DIY”)
stores, as well as end-users and home owners.

Utilities and infrastructures

Current global challenges in the utilities and infrastructure market
include increasing energy demand, the need for increased energy
efficiency to reduce environmental impact, and the development of
decentralized renewable energy sources on the grid causing more
stability concerns. This market also faces changes in regulations,
particularly those regarding demand response and prosumer
integration in the energy system, and the growing need for security,
reliability, and real-time control to ensure efficiency stability. We believe
these challenges provide long-term growth prospects for Schneider
Electric. Our main customers in this market include energy system
operators, prosumers, water utilities, the owners and operators of
transportation and oil gas infrastructure and municipalities.

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our energy and automation solutions enable us to serve almost
all segments of the industry and machine manufacturers market,
including the refining, petrochemical and oil & gas industries, mines,
cement plants, water & waste-water industry, the food-processing
industry and material handling and packaging machines. Energy
and operational efficiency is at the heart of the challenges facing
these industries, which include the reduction of production
costs, compliance with new regulations, and the reduction of the
environmental impact of industrial activity. In addition, both the rapid
industrialization taking place in new economies and the need to
modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies create
significant opportunities for growth. Our customers include end-
users and professional intermediaries, engineering firms, systems
integrators, OEMs, electro-intensive industries, pane! builders and
electrical distributors.

Data centers and networks

Data centers are secure, precision-cooled sites containing Information
Technology (IT) equipment that processes and stores very large
quantities of digital data. These sites are the nerve centers of
businesses and the public sector The expansion of data centers
requires a significant increase in electricity to accommodate the IT
equipment's operation and cooling, as the amount of energy needed
to cool these rooms has become comparable to the amount of energy
needed to operate the equipment itself.

Schneider Electric believes that data centers and networks are a
high-potential market due to the growing digitization of professional
and personal activities. With the development of internet giants,
cloud computing the physical infrastructure of data centers tends
to be increasingly the business of dedicated players with high
performance expectations, while the need for faster, more localized
data is driving the need for Edge computing. Thanks to EcoStruxure™
for Data Centers, Schneider Electric is in a unique position to deliver
a full solution of connected products from Electrical distribution,
Building management systems to IT space, managed by integrated
supervision software enabling advanced monitoring services.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 10 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

ERB Multiple accesses to markets

Customer satisfaction

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

Customer satisfaction is an integral part of Schneider Electric’s growth strategy. Every contact with Schneider Electric should
be a positive experience that makes all customers, no matter who they are or where they are located, feel understood and
satisfied. This commitment is an important differentiating factor, and customer satisfaction surveys are regularly carried
out in all countries in which the Group operates, and employees attend related training programs.

Customers also have access to online diagnostics and support services (an e-catalogue, downloadable software and
online information and training).

A large portion of Group revenues is made through intermediaries
such as distributors, systems integrators, installers and purchasing
advisors, who all bring their own added value and know-how, allowing
the Group to access a number of different markets.

Distributors & retailers

Over 40% of the Group's total sales goes through our privileged
Distributor partners, which support us in making our products
accessible in stores, either off-line or online, in 190 countries all over
the world

Our Distribution partners encompass 4 types of players: large
international groups, such as Rexel and Sonepar; electrical
wholesalers and generalist distributors, such as Graybar, Zhongyeda
Electric, CED Edmunson; and local players; as well as IT specialists,
such as Tech Data and Ingram Micro. In addition, the Group uses
specialized distribution channels for highly technical products such
as automation solutions and industrial software, access control and
security products.

Schneider Electric assists its distributors in advising their customers
and helping them benefit from our technical innovations. To maintain
a high-performance network, the Group works hand-in-hand with
distributors on supply chain improvements, technical training and
joint marketing actions. With e-commerce growing fast, Schneider
Electric is present in all our Distributors websites and ensures we offer
our key customers a seamless O20 (Online-to-Offline) experience.

We also work with key DIY Retailers, such as Home Depot and Lowes
in the USA, Kingfisher in the UK and Saint-Gobain Distribution in
France, to ensure our leadership in the Home Improvement and
Renovation market.

Other intermediaries & partners

Panel builders

Panel builders build and sell electrical distribution or control/
monitoring switchboards, primarily for the building, energy and
electricity infrastructure markets and industry. Their main customers
are contractors. Panel builders mostly buy low and medium voltage
devices, such as circuit breakers and contactors, and increasingly,
prefabricated systems. There are more than 35,000 panel-builders
throughout the world.

Contractors

To design solutions tailored to end-users’ specific needs, Schneider
Electric works closely with contractors, small specialists or generalist
electricians, large companies that specialize in installation equipment
and systems and designers.

Electricians & DIY stores

Electricians design and perform electrical installations, primarily in
residential and small non-residential buildings. They are therefore our
key customers and we have one of the most comprehensive networks
of electricians worldwide. Schneider Electric helps electricians to
operate more efficiently through a suite of training, technical support
and digital tools, like the app “My Schneider Electic”

Schneider Electric strengthens its relationship with electricians by
increasing their visibility to end-users through different marketing
actions including “installer locators” on Schneider Electric’s website.
Schneider Electric has one of the most comprehensive networks of
electricians worldwide:

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

31


--- Page 11 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

32

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

DIY stores are a key channel in making Schneider Electric's offers
visible to consumers as well as electricians. Schneider Electric
ensures that it assists them with digital marketing programs on their
e-commerce sites as well as in their physical stores.

Allof the partners mentioned above contribute their own added value
to end-customers, first by advising them on the choice of solutions that
best suit their needs and then by installing efficient systems thanks to
a suite of web-based digital tools called “Building Life Management”.
The main objective for Schneider Electric is to support them in the
rapid development of solutions and technologies for the residential
market: lighting, temperature and door/window management systems,
recharging equipment for electric vehicles and renewable energy
solutions.

In order to strengthen a relationship based on mutual trust and added
value, Schneider Electric partners actively with contractors, providing
technical training and support. To maximize our business impact,
we have a multichannel communication model using personal and
digital means, thanks to our Partner Relationship Management (PRM)
platform.

In this regard, the EcoXpert program aims to secure special
partnerships with certain specialized contractors, with whom
Schneider Electric shares all its expertise on renewable energy and
energy efficiency solutions and services. The EcoXpert network is
being developed in many countries throughout the world.

Systems integrators

System integrators design, develop and support automation systems
to meet their customers’ needs for the performance, reliability,
precision and efficiency of their operations. By providing global
coverage and local contacts, they offer their clients a high degree
of flexibility.

Schneider Electric has considerably expanded its automation line-up,
giving systems integrators access to a powerful platform covering all
areas of automation, from field control to Manufacturing Execution
Systems (MES).

Specialists

To meet their customers’ growing demand for comfort, ergonomics.
and design, specialists (engineers, architects and design firms) are
constantly looking for more efficient and better integrated solutions
for energy management, as well as for access control, security, and
building automation.

They are therefore essential partners for Schneider Electric's growth,
notably in the high-potential buildings and residential markets, which
include the construction and renovation of single-family homes and
apartment buildings.

Schneider Electric provides information and training tools for
specialists, such as dedicated showrooms, electrical installation
guides, installation design software and training methods.

End-users

Original Equipment Manufacturers

Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) continuously seek to
improve machine price/performance and time-to-market in segments
ranging from packaging to textiles, conveyors, materials handling,
hoisting and HVAC. Schneider Electric is one of the market leaders
in these segments, and works closely with over 15,000 OEMs. The
Group leverages its expertise and know-how to nurture these special
partnerships. This is mainly achieved through:

¢ an extensive knowledge of OEM applications;

 acontinuous R&D effort to develop innovative, high-performance
and cost-effective offers and solutions;

dedicated centers of excellence that offer the most competitive
solutions for new machines, in particular, pre-tested, pre-
developed and personalized solutions;

international customer support to deliver high-performance
after-sales service worldwide;

@a dedicated program for multi-site and/or global OEMs
that enhances their ability to offer superior solutions on an
international scale.

Other large end-users and strategic accounts

Schneider Electric also addresses customers directly in a number of
end-markets, including:

Automotive, where the Group serves large automotive equipment
manufacturers;

Cloud & Finance, in which the Group provides comprehensive
solutions for customers including internet giants, as well as in
telecoms, co-location, and finance sub-segments;

in Healthcare, the Group serves hospitals, clinics, labs, and life
sciences manufacturing;

Food & Beverages, in which the Group serves customers in
various types of food processing industries;

@ Mining, Minerals & Metals, which includes customers in mining,
cement, metals, and other bulk materials;

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 12 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

¢ Oil & Gas, in which the Group provides integrated solutions
and high performance systems, software and services to oil
companies and EPCs, from production to processing and
supply chain;

in Utilities, the Group serves companies producing, delivering,
and/or selling electricity to customers;

Water & Wastewater includes customers across the entire water
cycle, from water resources to water distribution, sewerage and
treatment.

Schneider Electric has established a dedicated organization

for global customers, “strategic accounts”, with the purpose of

developing privileged relationships with them. To meet these customer

Competitive landscape

The main global competitors of Schneider Electric, by technology, are:

¢ low voltage and building automation: ABB, Siemens, Eaton,
Legrand, Johnson Controls;

medium voltage distribution & grid automation: ABB,
Siemens, Eaton, GE;

¢@ discrete and process automation: Siemens,
Automation, ABB, Emerson, Honeywell, Yokogawa;

Rockwell

Businesses, end-markets and customer channels

expectations, the Group offers “preferred supplier contracts” and
dedicated customer support to ensure that they receive the highest
quality services.

This organization is based on short lines of communication and
decision-making, rapid mobilization of Group resources throughout
the world, and dedicated teams in which management is directly
involved.

Schneider Electric serves 89 global customers including Apple, BHP
Billiton, EDF, ExxonMobil, Nestlé and Veolia Environnement.

¢ critical power & cooling for IT and non-IT applications:
Vertiv, Eaton.

Other regional and emerging market competitors include: Chint, Weg,
Larsen & Toubro and Delta Electronics.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

33


--- Page 13 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

34

Ambitious long-term financial targets for attractive shareholder returns

3. Ambitious long-term financial targets for
attractive shareholder returns

Schneider Electric's opportunities, strategy and business positioning Two sets of targets have been defined: business performance targets.
have led its management to define ambitious long-term targets for the and capital efficiency targets.

company. Over the long term, the key priorities remain focused on

profitable growth, cash conversion and capital efficiency.

™

Across the economic cycle) performance targets:
@ Average organic revenue growth: 3 to 6% across the cycle;

@ Adjusted EBITA: margin between 13% and 17% of revenues;
Cash conversion: around 100% of net profit converted into free cash flow.

Across the business cycle capital efficiency targets:

¢@ ROCE®: between 11% and 15%;
@ Dividend: payout around 50% of net income;
¢ Capital structure: retain a strong investment grade credit rating.

(1) Schneider Electric defines a business cycle as a period including a slowdown and an expansion, or a period in between. This concept allows
investors to estimate the Group’s long-term growth potential across a business cycle. The length of a business cycle can vary and cannot be

forecast,
(2) ROCE is defined as: adjusted EBITA after tax/Average capital employed. Capital employed is defined as: Shareholders’ equity + Net financial
debt + Adjustment for associates and financial assets,

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 14 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses
Company history and development

4. Company history and development

History

From its beginnings in steel during the Industrial Revolution 180 years ago, to electricity and, more recently, energy management, the Group
has undergone significant changes in its operations throughout its history.

1836-1980

1981-2001

SINCE 2000

A family business becomes a major player

1836: Brothers Adolphe and Joseph-Eugene Schneider take over an abandoned foundry in Le Creusot,
France and, 2 years later, create Schneider & Cie, focusing primarily on the steel industry. Schneider & Cie
grows rapidly, specializing in the production of heavy machinery and transportation equipment, and eventually
becomes the Schneider Group, a diversified conglomerate.

1975: the Schneider Group acquires an interest in Merlin Gerin, one of the top manufacturers of electrical
distribution equipment in France, involved in the electricity sector since 1920.

The Group refocuses on the electricity sector

1981-1997: Schneider Group refocuses on the electrical industry by divesting its non-strategic assets, such
as its public works company, Spie Batignolles. Schneider Group undertakes a series of strategic acquisitions:
Telemecanique in 1988, Square D in 1991 and Merlin Gerin in 1992.

1999: Schneider Group acquires Lexel, one of Europe's largest suppliers of installation systems and control
solutions. In May 1999 the Group is renamed Schneider Electric, to clearly emphasize its expertise in the
electrical field.

A Strategic Transformation
At the turn of the 2000s, Schneider Electric radically rethinks its growth strategy, setting itself 3 goals:

ensuring a more balanced exposure to its strategic end-markets;

enhancing its portfolio of historical operations (electricity distribution, automation and industrial control)
with adjacent and synergetic businesses in order to boost its organic growth potential; and

anticipating the future energy requirements of companies and individuals.

This strategy leads Schneider Electric to conduct a number of strategic acquisitions both in mature countries
and in new economies targeting companies offering complementary products and solutions.

From Power & Control to the Digital Transformation

of Energy Management and Automation

Strengthening its leadership
in low voltage distribution

We have been a long-time leader through our Merlin Gerin and
Square D brands.

@ We have reinforced our Wiring Devices and ultra terminal offer
with several acquisitions: Clipsal in 2003, OVA, Merten and GET
in 2006, Marisio and Wessen in 2008.

¢ We grew our portfolio in renewables conversion with Xantrex
in 2008.

We grew our presence in new economies with the acquisition
of Delixi in China, Conzerv in India (2009) and Steck group in
Brazil (2011).

Building a global leader
in medium voltage & grid automation

@ We have historically been one of the leading players in
medium voltage electrical distribution products and equipment.

@ With the acquisition of Areva T&D (Areva's medium voltage
distribution division) in June 2010, we became world leader in
medium voltage and grid automation.

@ In 2010, the Group acquired 50% of Electroshield-T Samara, a
leading medium voltage company in Russia. In 2013, Schneider
Electric acquired full ownership of this company, transforming
Russia into a key market for the Group and turning Schneider
Electric into a key player in the oil, gas and mining industry, as well
as in the development of energy efficiency and the smart grid.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

35


--- Page 15 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

36

Company history and development

@ With the acquisition of Telvent in 2011, a Spanish software
company with a strong presence in North America, we became
global leader in ADMS (Advanced Distribution Management
Systems), supporting the monitoring and management of large
electrical distribution networks.

Developing a global leader in industrial
automation and control

We have been a long-time leader in discrete automation through
our Telemecanique brand.

We reinforced our Industrial Automation & Control portfolio with
the acquisition of Citect in 2006, RAM Industries in 2008, Cimac
and SCADA group in 2010 and Leader & Harvest in 2011.

@ In January 2014, we closed the acquisition of Invensys plc. This.
strategic move allows us to enter the process automation world
and reinforces our position in integrated industrial automation
and electro-intensive segments.

Building a global leader in critical power

We identified critical power as a key technology for our portfolio
and gained majority control of MGE UPS in 2004.

@ We became a world leader with the acquisition of American
Power Conversion (APC) in 2007, the US-based world leader in
single-phase and 3 phase UPS with operations on all continents
and USD2.5 billion in revenues.

ERE Recent external growth

In 2017, Schneider Electric further optimized its offer portfolio
to strengthen its focus on core businesses and drive the Group's
performance:

@ in January 2017, Schneider Electric announced it has acquired
the remaining 26% stake in Luminous Power Technologies. The
Group now holds full ownership of Luminous Power Technologies,
a leading power back up and home electrical specialist in India;

@ We expanded our operations in new economies with the
acquisition of UPS manufacturer Microsol Tecnologia in Brazil
in 2009 and the acquisition of APW in India in 2011.

@ In 2011, we broadened our portfolio with cooling offers from
Uniflair, data center services from Lee Technologies and backup
power storage from Luminous.

Creating a major player in building
automation & security

@ As the result of several acquisitions, in particular TAC in 2003,
Andover Controls in 2004 and Invensys Building Systems
in 2005, we became a major player in building automation.

We entered the video security market in 2007 with the acquisition
of Pelco.

@ In recent years we have further developed our operations
in mature countries, in particular through the acquisition of
2 pioneering French companies in 2010: Vizelia, a provider of
software that monitors the energy consumption of buildings in
real time, and D5xX, a specialist in solutions optimizing the use of
commercial buildings.

@ The acquisitions of Summit Energy (2011) and M&C Energy
group (2012) increased our expertise in energy procurement
services.

@ in June 2017, Schneider Electric announced it has finalized
the sale of Telvent DTN to TBG AG. Telvent DTN is a leader in
providing information services, supply chain connectivity tools
and decision support solutions in agricultural, energy and
environmental industries;

in October 2017, Schneider Electric announced it has signed an
agreement to acquire Asco Power Technologies, a leader in the
Automatic Transfer Switch ("ATS") market.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 16 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Company history and development

—ZH_ Transformations through Company Programs

Schneider Electric’s company program

At Schneider Electric, we deploy strategy through a structured
framework called our Company Program. Our Company Program
comprises 5 pillars: Do More, Digitize, Innovate, Step Up and Simplify,

() DO MORE

(#1) DIGITIZE

Create more
opportunities for
our customers

Digitize for our
customers, for
efficiency and

(4) INNOVATE

Surprise our
customers with
innovation, to

which provide all employees with visibility of our annual and long-
term priorities. Under each of the pillars is a set of broad transversal
transformations that help Schneider achieve growth for our company

and customers.

(4) STEP UP

(4) SIMPLIFY

Our customers
get great service
because great

Simplifying our
work makes the
difference to

and for ourselves | simplicity make their lives people work at customers
simpler and Schneider
better

=

. Do more for customers to create more opportunities for
them, and for Schneider Electric

This initiative aims to bring more value to customers and business
to partners, more products and services, better systems, and a
sustainable and connected supply chain. To continue to drive
growth, the initiative also focuses on launching new innovative
offers, increasing the effectiveness and impact of marketing
spend, and increase market influence under the Sales and
Marketing transformation.

2. Digitize for customers, for efficiency and simplicity

With EcoStruxture as a platform, the aim is to accelerate and
scale the digital journey, generating new customers, channels
to market, offers, and sources of revenue. The Group's offers
will be more connected, enabling new services and improving
its customers’ life. The digital customer experience will be
improved to deliver an end-to-end, simple and intuitive partner
and customer experience.

3. Innovate to support growth and sustainability

The innovate initiative will focus on delivering the right products
and solutions for customers in a focused and short timeframe.
In addition, Schneider Electric will remain a partner of choice
in sustainability, in its innovations and its operations, and will
continue to measure its progress through the Planet & Society
Barometer 2015-2017,

4. “Step Up” people to make Schneider Electric a great
place to work

This initiative focuses on increasing the competency of Schneider
Electric employees through stronger collaboration, enhanced
training and a culture of high performance while continuing
to have a strong commitment to diversity and workplace
satisfaction

5. Simplify operations for increased efficiency

Simplifying work and operations makes the difference to
customers. The Group aims to simplify its management setup
to make the company leaner, further increase supply chain
productivity, optimize R&D efficiency and solution execution and
increase sales force efficiency.

Schneider Electric’s company program
shows strong results
2017 marked the third year of the Group's current company program

and showed strong positive results. The Group met most of the targets
set with several major milestones being achieved

Within our Do More initiative
¢ More products: product revenues up +4.3% in organic terms
FY17, with 100+ launches in 2017

¢ More software: industrial software sales are stable with Q4 slightly
up. The transaction announced with AVEVA provides a single
software portfolio across the asset lifecycle for continuous &
hybrid processes.

¢@ More services: High single-digit growth in FY17 orders;
+6% organic growth in Q4 revenues

Within our Simplify initiative

Accelerated efficiency through around €650 million in gross
support function cost reduction plus industrial productivity in
2017 (around €1.9 billion since 2015).

Within our Digitize initiative
The number of connected assets increased +25% vs. 2016.
@ Unique connected customers doubled vs. 2016.

Within our Innovate initiative

The Planet and Society Barometer exceeded the 2017 target, with
ascore of 9.58/10. Sustainability has been recognized externally
through numerous awards for our long-term commitment to
environmental dimensions.

¢ Numerous launches of products, control platforms and software
within the EcoStruxure architecture.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

37


--- Page 17 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

38

Research & Development

5. Research & Development

Innovation is key to our company’s growth. Schneider Electric has had a history of innovation
over the past 100 years.

Changes in our world are more profound than ever. New technologies, enabling distributed and connected energy for the
first time, challenge us to redefine the way we live our lives. Schneider Electric invents technologies that will transform the
places where we live, work, and play. As the global specialist in energy management and automation, we create connected
technologies that reshape industries, transform cities and enrich lives. At Schneider Electric, we call this Life Is On. Life Is
On when life is energized, efficient and connected. And life gets richer and more sustainable when energy gets safer, more
reliable, and more efficient. Our promise is to make sure Life Is On for everyone, everywhere and at every moment.

Schneider Electric shares its expertise in energy management, industrial automation, and process efficiency to help people
connect to an always-on world. Since 2016, EcoStruxure™, which is Schneider Electric’s loT-enabled open and interoperable
system architecture and platform, is delivering enhanced value around safety, reliability, efficiency, sustainability and connectivity
for our customers.

The Internet of Things (loT) is simply the inter-networking of physical devices to collect and exchange data via internet
protocol (IP). The true power and applicable value of loT becomes evident when it is connected to the 5 emerging technology
transformations that accelerate our capacity to converge OT and IT systems: mobility, cloud, sensing, analytics and cybersecurity.
With EcoStruxure™, we continue to leverage these advancements to deliver innovation at every level - from Connected Products
to Edge Control to Applications, Analytics and Services. We deliver our innovative solutions through tested and validated
future-proof reference architectures that enable the design of end-to-end, open, interoperable and connected systems.

Our EcoStruxure™ platform enables design and operation of connected systems at scale with best-in-class security built
around 3 core capabilities:

Palm a pet oe os

Apps, Analytics & Services

=
5
Oo
o
2
o
Q
=
1e)
uo]
2
ul
2
y
2
Ww

Cloud and/or On Premise

— =
we

BUILDING POWER | IT | MACHINE PLANT GRID

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 18 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

During 2017 the Group launched numerous innovative offers across
its Businesses: Industrial Automation (Industry), Medium Voltage
(Infrastructure), Low Voltage (Building) and Secure Power (IT). There is
aclear value proposition that is now built around our 6 EcoStruxure™
domains. All the EcoStruxure™ domains were showcased during our
Innovation Summit, in Hong Kong, in September 2017.

Several technology leaders participated in a workshop on how R&D
can innovate faster and better. They concluded the following

1. Ensure customer intimacy and insights are a part of the R&D
culture;

2. Improve accountability through improved project management
and governance;

Delivering truly innovative solutions

The advances mentioned above generate innovation across market
segments, all the way from residential to smart cities, as illustrated in
these few examples.

Buildings

Schneider Electric keeps innovating and investing in the traditional
core of its business. In 2017, a very disruptive Air Circuit Breakers
offer was introduced. The new Masterpact MTZ is the first ever loT Air
Circuit Breaker, combining legendary reliability with unpreceded
robustness to adapt to harsh environment with a set of new advanced
functionalities enabled by digitization. In particular, the Masterpact
MTZ embeds certified class 1 energy metering, which is making it
unique in its category. Natively Ethernet connected, it simplifies the
electrical installation, optimizing uptime and reducing operations
costs, which is very well adapted to critical applications. This offer is
a key pillar of EcoStruxure™ Power, enabling edge connectivity and
apps/analytics service offers. It is completely future ready thanks to
its digitally modularity: it can be upgraded and enriched at any time
in the life of the electrical installation, thanks to downloadable digital
modules adapted to each end-user application.

In 2017 Schneider Electric also introduced a new platform of molded
case circuit breakers (MCCB)'s, deployed as Compact NSXm in IEC
markets and PowerPact B in UL/CSA/NEMA markets. This new range
offers the best performance versus size ratio on the market and full
discrimination with Compact NSX and Acti9, confirming the leadership
of Schneider Electric on the core values of Electrical Distribution. Their
Everlink Power connections are patented, ensuring cost effective
and safe connection thanks to creep compensation. The range is
introduced with a complete range of accessories covering all types
of applications and mounting modes. It also includes a unique version
with built-in Earth Leakage protection up to 160 A. This new range
integrates perfectly in all Schneider Electric switchboard designs (Din
Rail mount ready) enabling space saving up to 25%. PowerPact B
and Compact NSXm are very suitable for building, industry, machine,
infrastructure and data center applications.

Research & Development

3. Leverage R&D competencies in line with the R&D footprint
diversity;

4. |ntroduce lean and agile methodologies to the traditional Offer
Development Waterfall Process;

5. Evolve the current Offer Introduction Process to the Winning
Offer Launch Process;

6. Practice open innovation with start-ups, universities and
collaboration with partners;

7. Ensure consistency with respect to data, in all EcoStruxure™
domain architectures.

These findings will be used to improve the way we perform R&D at
Schneider Electric in the years to come.

PowerTag is the first solution in the world which gives the facility
manager or electrician the ability to make their electrical panel
digital within 30 minutes. This product, which is now launched
worldwide, offers huge flexibility and simplicity, making it unique
and cost effective. This is the only accurate energy sensor that is
self-powered and wireless communicating. It can easily be added to
any miniature circuit breaker (MCB), not only to monitor the energy
consumption and but also to track critical equipment. In a world
where we must deliver more decarbonized and more reliable energy,
PowerTag opens the door for a new world of digital opportunities.
We can now connect all types of buildings and infrastructure sites
to the Schneider EcoStruxure™ digital platform easily. And thanks to
PowerTag, residential panels are also becoming digital, solar-ready
and EV-ready.

Schneider Electric EcoStruxure™ Fire Expert is a new online
application capable of creating a totally new, recurring revenue
stream in the fire detection business. Being totally a digital software
offer, the profit level is much higher than with traditional fire detection
offers. This online application is based on Value Stream Mapping,
giving unique value to most of the people involved in the fire detection
system lifecycle. This is a game changer in this industry, by offering
subscription based system extensions (licenses).

There have also been digital innovations in the ‘Wiser’ line of products
with the introduction (in certain countries) of Wiser Light connectable
switches, dimmers, and relays, Wiser Door connected door entry
systems and Wiser Heat boiler control and radiator control for
multi-room heating systems. Schneider Electric has also introduced
Sequence 5, a luxury range including connectivity capabilities. Other
offers include new innovations in AvatarON and Odace, which all
enable connectivity.

In Enclosures, last year the Group invented Derbe, a power control
center for distributed energy resources in buildings. It is scalable
and future-ready, providing smart and optimized power and energy
management to achieve your savings, sustainability and resiliency
goals. A new busway connectivity system was also launched with

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

39


--- Page 19 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

40

Research & Development

thermal monitoring capability to follow busway’s temperature
and support predictive maintenance (especially for data center
customers).

Utilities & infrastructures

With more decentralized generation, 2 way flow of decarbonized
energy and new demand profiles from active consumers, energy
communities and EV, Utilities must digitize to optimize flexible energy
resources. By leveraging the Internet of Things, integrating IT and OT
systems and consistently managing all data, EcoStruxure™ Grid is
enabling utility digital transformation by providing comprehensive IT/
OT utility solutions.

EcoStruxure™ ADMS is the core integrated application with new
IT/OT functionalities like DERMS (Distributed Energy Resources
Management System), Demand Response, Energy Storage, critical
in the evolving energy system environment.

In order to manage the Group's EcoStruxure™ Grid and Power
ambition, the 2017 plan was a massive move towards digital
switchgear both for private and utility markets. Schneider Electric
has been released a new range of protection relay Easergy P3 and
anew Remote Terminal Unit Easergy T300.

Easergy P3 is the latest modular solution for protecting, controlling
and monitoring medium voltage assets including feeders, motors,
transformers, generators and capacitors in the power networks with
advanced communication, cybersecurity and latest compliance
with the IEC61850 standards delivering unparalleled flexibility
and configurability, while at the same maintaining ease of use,
commissioning and reduced total lifecycle cost. It is designed for
unparalleled efficiency, greater connectivity and enhanced safety to
allow panel builders, contractors and partners to save time every
day, whilst helping to ensure that critical assets and personnel remain
protected. With our unique easy-to-use One-Box design, Easergy
P3 includes more than 40 protection functions and 9 communication
protocols to reduce variation, specification, ordering and delivery
times.

Easergy T300 Remote Terminal Unit (RTU) is a modular hardware
and firmware platform and an application building block for
medium voltage and low-voltage public distribution network
management and for distribution automation. It offers a single solution
for control and monitoring, from a simple pole-top device to a large MV/
MV or MV/LV substation. Combined with its powerful communication
capabilities in terms of protocols and media support, it can be
deployed to enable a variety of applications including distribution
grid self-healing applications, fault current detection with centralized
and decentralized feeder automation and transformer medium voltage
and low voltage monitoring. The industry-leading RTU complies with
the latest 61850 standards with advanced cybersecurity features
complying to IEC62351 and IEEE P16866 and provides advanced
power quality information complying to various IEC standards.

Then, being the leader in secondary distribution, the Group has been
enhancing its star offers with the smart RMU for utilities, the connected
SM6 for buildings and a new generation of circuit breaker.

Smart RMU is the combination of the Group's core product RM6
with the new T300 RTU, which enables the new Utilities challenges
(network availability, integration of distributed energy, energy
quality and efficiency, and obviously cost and asset management
optimization) to be met. With the advantage of compactness, and
integration of power metering and fault detection, the Smart RMU is
delivered and guaranteed as a pre-configured, pre-tested solution,
thus ensuring peace of mind for the customer.

Connected SM6 combines its renowned efficiency and safety with
a best-in-class digital experience. New loT capabilities have been
added to this proven medium voltage switchgear in order to enhance
the customer experience. This loT-ready switchgear not only allows
condition monitoring of the asset 24/7 to prevent downtime and boost
operational efficiency but also enhances safety with fast embedded
arc detection

Easypact EXE is the latest addition and the first product of Schneider
Electric’s new generation of Vacuum Circuit Breakers. Based on a
limited number of global bricks, it offers increased reliability for better
safety, improved flexibility for an easier integration, and enhanced
modularity for more partner added value. Supply chain efficiency has
been optimized to offer more reactivity and a shortened customer
logistic offer with Easypact EXE. Ready to be integrated into
EcoStuXure and ready for online configuring and ordering, Easypact
EXE brings customers into an enhanced digital experience.

Industries & machine manufacturers

As end users and OEMs re-examine their automation and operation
management strategies to take advantage of the Industrial loT
to enable operational excellence and improve overall business
performance, EcoStruxure™ architectures for Machines and Plants
play a key role in managing convergence between information
technology and operational technology through Connected Products,
Edge Control and Applications, Analytics Services while embedding
natively cybersecurity features.

The Modicon M580 Ethernet programmable automation controller
(ePAC) possesses industry-leading processing speed and memory,
plus stronger embedded cybersecurity. Its core Ethernet capabilities
allow seamless, faster, enterprise-wide access to operating data. For
the hybrid industry, it is considered the highest-performing PAC in the
marketplace — designed as the right controller for the lloT and beyond.

Modicon M580 ePAC is the controller which, especially when applied
with EcoStruxure™ Hybrid DCS, can help manufacturers achieve
better, measurable, earlier ROI and up to 100% returns on their project
investments in less than 3 months.

For switching and controlling, Schneider Electric has just launched a
new Tesys D Green contactor offer. This new line of contactors is not
only compliant to new REACH and RoHS standards, but also energy
efficient, with the lowest power consumption in the market. It is directly
connected to PLC and digital controllers, in order to really optimize the
automation system of our OEM customers, while reducing the number
of commercial references by 10. Lastly, the Group also integrated the
Smart Motor protection relay Tesys T offer in EcoStruxure™ Plant,
providing all necessary libraries for our Oil & Gas, Mining Minerals
Metals Water & Waste Water customers.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 20 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

The Altivar Process is the next generation of variable-speed drives,
designed to deliver IloT benefits. A smart, connected device with
built-in intelligence to gather data and share information to the
enterprise level, the Altivar Process can improve operational efficiency,
profitability and reduce total cost of ownership (TCO).

Altivar Process can minimize TCO, increase profitability, and help
customers save 8% in maintenance costs. Productivity can be
improved up to 20% by maintaining operations at the best efficiency
point (BEP), utilizing built-in advanced system management
with unmatched visibility and control — giving operators complex
production insights clearly and intuitively.

The Group's innovative augmented reality software application for
mobile devices uses the device's camera to recognize cabinets
and machines and then superimpose real-time data and virtual
objects onto them, giving operators and technicians immediate
access to relevant information and guidance to reduce downtime
and improve maintenance efficiency. The cloud design tool enables
OEMs to develop custom augmented reality application for machines.
Operators can safely be guided through maintenance operation,
visualize key contextual data and find relevant information in a
minimum of time.

Schneider Electric connectivity solution provides secure remote
access to our customers allowing remote programming and
diagnostics. Maintenance and service operations can be executed
from any PC independently from the operator's location. This offer
allows to create a virtual connection between the expert and the
machine/devices, easing the commissioning and reducing the
time to identify any potential problems. Thanks to this solution travel
needs and machine downtime are reduced, while experts’ availability
increases.

Cybersecurity concerns continue to expand in the industrial sector,
with directed attacks creating losses for companies and disruptions
for the public, with undirected or semi-directed attacks such as
ransomware moving into industrial control rooms and with a general
raising of the level of risk awareness in boardrooms.

In response, the Group continues to increase the security and
differentiation of its offers with IEC62443 certifications for the
Triconex Safety system and 4 development sites, certification of the
market-leading secure ePAC for critical systems in France and China,
while continuing the leadership work with governments and standards
bodies (ODVA, OPCF, etc.) to shape the future of industrial security
as it moves to the IloT and secure cloud.

The strategy of combining improved offer security with best-in-class
offers from partners continues with Claroty networks being added as
cybersecurity partners within the Collaborative Automation Partner
Program as well ongoing work with both start-ups and leading security
companies around the world

Research & Development

Data centers & networks

Large data center builds continue to see the highest growth in this
segment as Internet giants and colocation providers continue to build
out capacity to support the new digital business and personal lifestyle
that is generating Big Data through high bandwidth content and
loT. These include centralized public cloud data centers, as well as
regional public clouds that are located in urban areas. Enterprise data
centers are now going through a modernization phase with digital
transformation and have stabilized. Schneider Electric specializes in
back-up power, power distribution, cooling, IT racks, digital services
and software management in the power, IT and building domains. The
Group's solutions are used to optimize energy and operating costs for
data center operators as well as delivering the desired redundancy
and availability.

Riding the wave of data center builds, next generation 3-Phase
Galaxy UPS were launched into the market last year with lower
capacity versions set to enter the market this year, providing unique
energy efficiency and power scalability features. Large UPS lifecycle
costs and physical footprint are further minimized as Lithium-ion
batteries start to become more popular. To meet the rapid deployment
challenges of the colocation customers in the IT room, an innovative
solution called HyperPod was introduced to provide a fully contained
and secure architecture for rack-based IT deployments. It is designed
with the future in mind and will support today's IT equipment as well
as tomorrow's. Schneider Electric will continue to evolve the HyperPod
system with innovative power, cooling and software management.

Data center services continue to be a growing customer need and
Schneider Electric has taken major steps in expanding the Group's
digital service offers to provide the benefit of reduced response
time through automation of systems. EcoStruxure™ IT Expert Mobile
insights was launched to provide monitoring and alerts to any device.
EcoStruxure™ IT Advisor Remote service provides recommendations
through analytics and direct linkage to our service bureau for expert
collaboration and dispatch automation. Schneider Electric continue
to expand its service bureau and data center operations staff.

Requirements for low latency, regional and local computing at the
“edge” is an emerging trend. Such edge IT deployments support real-
time control and deterministic data handling where data security and
sovereignty are required. Schneider Electric expanded its range of
packaged micro data centers that can be populated with computing
equipment and shipped to the site as a turn-key solution for the local
edge. Schneider Electric also develops a digital design tool called
the “Local Edge Configurator” to fully configure micro data centers
and has continued its partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise
for edge applications, and are forming relationships with major IT
vendors across the globe.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

4


--- Page 21 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

42

Research & Development

Financing innovative start-ups

In 2000, Schneider Electric created an investment structure called
Schneider Electric Ventures to invest in high-tech start-ups whose
innovations fit with the Group's future development. In 2010, Schneider
Electric Ventures became Aster Capital Partners with the launch of
a new capital investment EUR105 million fund to finance innovative
start-ups operating within the areas of energy, new materials and the
environment, jointly subscribed by Alstom, Solvay and the European
Investment Fund. In 2017, Aster raised EUR240 million to be invested
primarily in Europe and the United States. Aster takes position as
the leading venture capital fund dedicated to the energy transition.

Managing a portfolio of partnership
opportunities

The mission of Aster is to purchase minority interests in innovative
start-ups in the fields of energy and mobility based in Europe, Israel,
North America and Asia. The scouting activities constitute a source
of particularly productive partnerships and forge contacts with about
1,700 small and mid-sized businesses around the world each year. In
2017, anew investment was made, Habiteo (EUR2.5 million), joining
the first 24 companies already in the portfolio, including Lucibel
(FR), Ilceotope (UK), Entouch Controls (US), OpenDataSoft (FR) and
Ekwateur (FR). Aster has also recorded successful exits in 2017,
notably with the IPO of Avantium and Digital Lumens (acquired by
Osram).

Habiteo —- EUR2.5 million investment
in November 2017

Habiteo is a sales and marketing solution for real-estate developers.
It helps them sell their properties faster by generating sales content
(3D models, video clips, etc.), and manage their workflow and sales
process on different channels to ensure a high-quality customer
experience. The company was created in 2014 by Jeanne Massa. It
has continuously improved its solution and now supports more than
150 real estate-developers in their digital transformation

Identifying emerging trends
and technologies and delivering
relevant inputs

Aster is in touch with start-ups on a daily basis. This gives Aster a
unique perspective on emerging technologies, customer needs and
new market segments. The work is shared at 3 levels:

by identifying emerging trends and weak signals which may
have an impact on markets, customers and/or future Schneider
Electric business, and sharing them on a regular basis with the
leaders within Schneider Electric;

by introducing about 300 start-ups every year to Schneider
Electric teams within relevant countries, businesses and
corporate departments; and

by publishing market reviews that are presented to Schneider
Electric teams. This year once again, about 15 relevant topics
have been covered and shared within Schneider Electric.

The Aster teams continuously improve the dedicated web platform
that they have made available to all Schneider Electric employees
to give them an exhaustive access to these resources, information
and database.

Business Incubation at Schneider Electric

Schneider Electric and Aster have co-designed an active incubation
model to bring additional innovation and growth drivers to Schneider
Electric through ideas owned by its employees. This Business
Incubation initiative will enable the creation of new businesses
using business models and/or technologies which are not adjacent
to current Schneider Electric business models or technologies.
It's a bold enterprise which will allow better management of the
dichotomy between Schneider Electric's performance focus and
the risks associated with new ventures, notably by accepting VC-like
success rates in a “fail fast’ mode. Ultimately, the goal is to build new
businesses which could assist Schneider Electric in the near future.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 22 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

6. Organizational simplicity and efficiency

Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation.
We make it possible for loT-enabled solutions to seamlessly connect, collect, analyze and
act on data in real-time, delivering enhanced safety, efficiency, reliability and sustainability.

Schneider Electric has transformed their organization to best serve its customers’ which has accelerated
its journey as an established global leader over the past decade. Under the current organization, with the
focus of EcoStruxure solutions at the core and the launch of Schneider Digital, Schneider has a strong
foundation to transform the digital landscape towards growth for both the company and its customers.

A customer-focused organization

Dual orientation — technologies
and end-markets

Schneider Electric is organized into 3 business units. Each business
unit is responsible for specific technologies and addresses targeted
end-markets. The organization was designed to support our business
models: transactional, equipment, projects, and services with strong
technological leadership and close customer relationship.

Low Voltage & Secure Power business scope includes
low voltage, building automation and renewable technologies as
well as critical power and cooling technologies for data centers
and non-IT applications.

¢ Medium Voltage business scope includes medium voltage and
grid automation technologies.

¢ Industrial Automation business scope covers industrial
automation, control and sensors technologies.

Each of these business units manages its R&D, marketing and sales
teams and is responsible for its global results.

Several back-office functions such as Finance, Human Resources, IT
systems and Global Marketing are handled by the Global Functions,
which have a governance role and provide services internally.

Rationalization and optimization
of synergies

The organization is deployed in accordance with 3 key concepts:
specialization, mutualization and globalization. Specialization
mainly concerns sales and front-office operations. Mutualization
covers local back-office operations at the country and regional level
Globalization concerns the 7 support functions, now known as Global
Functions.

Our Organization is structured around 3 Core Principles...

alize Mutualize Globalize

Because this is how we bring

value to our Customers

3 Global Businesses

e Global P&L ownership

« Focus on Offer Creation &
Business Models

« Drive Services, Segments,
Solutions & Software

To maximize Cross-Selling
across Businesses

1 Zone or Country President

e Market Coverage engine to
maximize cross-sell across
Businesses

« 1 Face to SE employees and
authorities

« Mutualized Back Office for cost
and Quality

Whenever the approach
is Global and must be ONE

1 Global Supply Chain

« Tailor, Optimize, Deliver

6 Global Functions

« Leverage our scale and ensure
efficiency

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 43


--- Page 23 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

44

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

¢ Specialization: In each country, each local sales force is
organized under local Business VPs as soon as it reaches
critical mass. The aim is to deploy specialized front office per
business in each host country to respond more effectively to
customer demand for specific expertise. Each business is also
responsible for its overall results, both for product sales (in its
business lines) and the implementation of solutions (especially
for end-market segments within its scope). As projects can
consist of products coming from different business units and
in order to define a single point of contact for customers, each
business unit is responsible for projects in certain defined end-
markets. Business efforts have focused on implementing and
strengthening existing teams dedicated to meeting the specific
needs of these strategic customer segments with a strong focus
on the collaboration between the business lines, in order to
ensure these customer's needs are met as fully as possible.

 Mutualization: The business is organized around Organizational
Regions: North America, China, France, Europe (which is
comprised of 6 international zones: United Kingdom & Ireland,
Northern Europe, Italy & CEEI, CIS, DACH, Iberian) and
International Operations, which is comprised of 5 international
zones (South America, East Asia & Japan, Middle East and
Africa, India, and Pacific). Each of these regions has empowered
Zone Presidents and Country Presidents, which are appointed
in each country to be the custodians of 4 businesses in their
countries: Industrial automation, Medium voltage, Low voltage
and Secure power, including Field Services. In addition, they are
responsible for monitoring the full transversal P&L of the country,
deploying Schneider Electric's strategy in the country (including
all local cross-functional topics such as increasing cross-
selling among businesses) and pooling the local back-office
resources. These resources are gradually brought together in
each country or region under the Zone or Country President's
supervision and can include multiple local support functions
ranging from administration to project execution, depending on
the situation. In addition, the Zone and Country President serves
as the mutualization driving force and Schneider Electric’s main
representative in the country, most notably in dealings with
employees and local officials.

Geographic dimension and legal structure

¢ Globalization: Major support functions that are not specific
to a given country or business are globalized to increase
experience and leverage a significant scale effect around cost
and service. Manufacturing and Supply Chain operations, areas
of shared services or expertise (such as Finance and Human
Resources), Strategy, Digital (including information systems)
and Global Marketing functions are now included within the
Global Functions. The global Supply Chain continues to focus
on the areas of global productivity, customer differentiation and
customer satisfaction.

Globalization concerns the 6 support functions, now known as
Global Functions:

Finance;

@ Marketing:

¢ Global Supply Chain;
Human Resources;
@ Strategy;

Schneider Digital.

Schneider Digital

To operationalize and accelerate our digital transformation
journey, Schneider Electric launches the new Schneider Digital
organization. Schneider Digital unifies our transversal activities
under 1 organization: Information Process & Organization, Internet of
Things, Digital Transformation as well as Digital Customer Experience,
which is jointly led with Global Marketing. Under the Schneider Digital
organization, there are 6 practices fully responsible for architecting
and delivering their own set of end-to-end capabilities, platforms and
programs to reach our desired business results: loT & Digital Offers,
Digital Customer Experience, Digital Engineering, Digital Sales &
Support, Digital Data Hub, and Enterprise IT. The 6 practices are
supported with transversal functions with transversal governance
roles: Digital Architecture, Digital Convergence and M&A, Finance
and Digital Portfolio, Digital Security, Digital Alliances & Ecosystems,
Digital Transformation & Stakeholder Communities, and Executive
Governance.

The Group's goal is to establish, wherever possible, a single legal structure in each country.

Schneider Electric’s simplified legal organization chart is as follows:

Schneider

(a
\ Electric SE

Operational
companies

~
y I Schneider Electric
im = industries SAS.

The list of consolidated companies is provided in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. Boissiére Finance is the Group's centralized
cash-management structure; it also centralizes hedging operations for all subsidiaries.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 24 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

G4) Manufacturing and supply chain: global redeployment

Schneider Electric has 208 plants and 98 distribution centers around
the world. Customer satisfaction is its top priority.

While working constantly to improve occupational health and safety
and environmental protection, Schneider Electric's manufacturing
policy aims to fulfill 4 key objectives, in order of priority:

to achieve a level of quality and service that meets or exceeds
customer expectations;

to obtain cost-competitive products while continuing to deliver
strong and consistent productivity;

@ to develop system speed and efficiency and limit production
sites’ risk exposure (currency parity, geopolitical risks and
changes in cost factors);

to optimize capital employed in manufacturing operations.

A significant number of the production facilities and distribution
centers are dedicated to the global market. The other units are
located as close as possible to their end-markets. Although design
and/or aesthetic features may be adapted to meet local requirements,
Schneider Electric standardizes key components as much as possible.
This global/local approach helps Schneider Electric maximize
economies of scale and optimize profitability and service quality.

Drawing on its global scope, Schneider Electric is constantly re-
balancing and optimizing its manufacturing and supply chain
resources.

Continuous improvement on a global scale

At the same time, an industrial excellence program called Schneider
Performance System (SPS) has been rolled out in all plants
to substantially and continuously improve service quality and
productivity. The program also takes into account our environmental
and staff health and safety criteria. Based on a lean manufacturing
approach, SPS is supported by the extension of Six Sigma and
Quality and Value Analysis programs across the Group. By deploying
these optimization methods globally and sharing best practices, the
Group intends to raise the operational performance of all its plants
to the same high standard.

Schneider Electric's sites and products meet the applicable regulatory
requirements relating to the environment. A continuous assessment
system to ensure compliance with regulations is in place, relying
mainly on internal and external auditors. On a regular basis, these
norms and standards are exceeded by the specific requirements
we set ourselves, for instance by replacing certain materials and
substances used for our products before regulations require us to
do so. Our plants and logistics centers with more than 50 employees
are ISO 14001 (environment) certified, and almost half of these
sites have also achieved ISO 50001 (energy efficiency) certification.
We implement an integrated management system that also covers
Quality (ISO 9001) and Health and Safety (OHSAS 18004). In 2016,
Schneider Electric continued implementing its Environmental and
Health & Safety strategies for the 2015-2020 period, focusing its
efforts on approximately 10 priority areas. These place increasing

importance on eco-design, making it systematic and exhaustive,
on our efforts to reduce CO, emissions, on our circular economy
goals for our offers and for the resources used, and on our ever-
increasing energy efficiency objectives. We strive in particular to
constantly boost our customers’ capacity to objectively assess the
environmental added value our solutions offer them (energy and CO,
efficiency, lifespan and ease of repair, etc.). We take into account
customer expectations concerning our products’ environmental
profile, information transparency and access, and even end-of-life
product management.

In terms of Health and Safety, a range of programs are in progress
to boost the “Safety Culture” of each of our sites and each of our
employees, in particular through “safety visits” training and recognition
of good practice. We conduct Health and Safety audits on each of
our sites in order to assess practices, performance, governance and
culture. Monthly and quarterly steering committees are held with the
company’s top management in order to track progress and make the
necessary decisions for continuous improvement.

These programs cover our entire value chain, including R&D,
purchasing, manufacturing, logistics, marketing and sales.

Schneider Electric has implemented a policy to systematically identify
and reduce its industrial risk in order to secure maximum service to
its customers and to minimize any impact of disaster, whether it is
internal in nature (fire) or external (natural disasters). This policy relies
on local actions to remove the identified risks following audits led by
an external firm recognized by insurers, as well as an action plan
for the continuity of production. If, after corrective actions, the risk
remains too high, then the activity is repeated at another Schneider
Electric site. Since 2014, this process has been extended to single-
source suppliers in order to reduce the risk level in 5 areas (financial,
geopolitical, industrial, quality and dependence on Schneider Electric
activity), in addition to identifying the action plan in the event of a
supply disruption.

The segmented response to customer needs

Since 2012, Schneider Electric has launched the Tailored Supply
Chain program as part of the company program Connect, with the aim
to better align the supply chain set-up with the needs and behaviors of
each customer segment (distributors, partners, panel builders, etc.)

This approach has required the implementation of a more dynamic
industrial strategy to restructure customer service practices, and the
configuration of products, equipment, delivery methods and services
offered to Group customers. In parallel, the Group has had to simplify
its working approaches and focus on creating value for its customers
by streamlining its decision-making processes and its organizational
structure

This led to the announcement of a new Industrial Organization for
2013, which is structured around 8 regions (Europe, CIS, China,
India, Pacific, Asia, North America, South America) and groups all
of Schneider Electric's industrial activities together in these regions.
In addition, this also led to the vertical integration of all Purchasing
activities to simplify and unify its contact with suppliers.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

45


--- Page 25 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

46

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

In the 2015 to 2020 period, 9 initiatives are under implementation to
continue to transform the supply chain at every stage from suppliers
through to end customers:

reduce the release time to customers;
basic logistics offering, customized according to type of channel:
industrial planning customized according to customer segment;

¢ development of the services offering, in line with our customers’
installed base;

@ improvement of the overall performance of the equipment
supply chain;

@ involvement of preferred suppliers in all aspects of this
transformation approach;

¢ continued optimization of the entire industrial system to offer
customized customer service;

focus on excellence of the supply chain for growth activities;
management of the release of new product offerings.

The aim is to make the Group's supply chain a positive differentiating
factor for our customers and, in turn, to gain a competitive advantage
over our competitors.

The digitization of the supply chain

Since 2013, Schneider Electric has put emphasis on digitization as a
way to accelerate and intensify its transformation, and this year Global
Supply Chain has launched TSC 4.0, adding 6 digital accelerators
to the previous program, to speed up our transformation thanks to
increasing digitization.

Source, Make, Deliver, Plan, Care and Innovation are the 6 digital
transformations just launched to target a full end to end digital supply
chain, to optimize our efficiency at the same time we bring more value
to our customers.

Supply chain optimization will benefit from the flow model, combined
with the integration of the IT systems of our logistics partners with

cloud technology. Similarly, a partnership with Kinaxis will enable
the “digitization” of industrial planning and extend the scope.
This technology facilitates interaction loops between the different
functions and improves our responsiveness to customers while also
significantly reducing the value of fixed assets in inventory. Finally,
the development of new features tailored to each customer segment
on our targeted computer systems (of the supply chain) is supported
by a strengthened IT convergence plan.

This digitization of the supply chain is using our EcoStruxure™
solutions and Schneider Electric will have about 100 of industrial
sites by 2020 as real show case for customer to demonstrate that
EcoStruxure™ is one of the best in class solution to optimize Process
and Energy Efficiency, but also Asset reliability. TSC 4.0 fully meets
the priorities of the Group's industrial strategy by targeting customer
satisfaction first and foremost while reducing costs for increasing
responsiveness and reducing capital employed.

A key competitive advantage
for our customers

All of these efforts to improve the supply chain have been recognized
well outside the company. In September 2017, Gartner, a leading IT
research and advisory firm, ranked Schneider Electric's supply chain
7" in Europe and 17" worldwide, an improvement of 15 and 49 places
respectively in 2 years.

The Group's aim for the next few years is to turn this into a competitive
advantage through customer recognition that we offer the best
logistics solutions. The new 2015-2020 company program aims to
drastically improve the capacity and response speed of the supply
chain while strengthening economic and ecological efficiency in
order to even better serve our customers by providing them with a
customized logistics response that meets their expectations while
ensuring sustainability.

Purchasing: selection and internationalization

Purchasing corresponds to around 50% of revenue and plays a
crucial role in the Group's technical and business performance.
As part of the new company program to optimize purchasing, the
Group is continuing to pursue its plan, launched several years ago,
to seek to source its purchases from the top-performing suppliers
(“recommended” suppliers) and aims to increase local sourcing in
the new economies to more than 50%. The Group is rolling out the
“Purchasing Excellence System” with a view to involving suppliers, as
acomponent in the ‘Complete Logistics Chain’, in the achievement of
our performance objectives focused on customer satisfaction.

Schneider Electric primarily purchases prefabricated components,
raw materials (silver, copper, aluminum, steel and plastics), electronic

and electrical products and services. The diverse supplier list
includes multinationals as well as small, medium and intermediate
sized companies.

Suppliers are selected for the quality of their products and services,
their adherence to delivery deadlines, their competitiveness, their
innovative capacity and their commitment to corporate social
responsibility (CSR). As a participant of the UN Global Compact,
Schneider Electric encourages its main suppliers to contribute to
its sustainable development initiative according to the guidelines
of standard ISO 26000, through ongoing improvement in the level
required (to achieve 100% “recommended” suppliers by 2017)

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 26 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

7. Risk Factors

As described in section 8 of this chapter “Internal control and risk
management”, Schneider Electric regularly analyses the risks and
threats it faces, which has revealed 6 major risk categories as follows:

risk factors related to the Group's business, which also include
the solutions business, supplier risks and competitive threats;

industrial and environmental risks that also include risks such as
natural catastrophes and political disturbances, etc.;

Operational risk

Schneider Electric operates worldwide,
in competitive and cyclical markets

The worldwide markets for the Group's products are competitive
in terms of pricing, quality of products, systems and services,
development and introduction time for new offers. Schneider Electric
faces strong competitors, some of whom are larger than we are or
are developing in certain lower cost countries. The Group is exposed
to fluctuations in economic growth cycles and to the respective levels.
of investments within the different countries in which we operate.
The Group's widespread geographic coverage and diversified end-
markets enable us to ride out downturns on specific markets.

As 42% of the Group's revenue is generated in emerging countries,
we are exposed to the risks associated with those markets.

The Group’s wide international presence exposes us to many
economic, legal and political risks in the countries in which we
operate. These include risks arising from social unrest (particularly
strikes and walk-outs), political instability, unforeseen regulatory
changes, restrictions on capital transfers and other obstacles to free
trade, and local tax laws. All of these risks may have an adverse effect
on the Group's operations, results or financial position

Schneider Electric has implemented procedures designed to protect
the Group as far as possible from these risks, which are generally
beyond our control, and to manage them as effectively as possible.
These procedures include quarterly business reviews in which
performance and projections are monitored, in terms of activity, action
plans, results to date and forecasts, at all organizational levels of the
Group (see section 1.8 “Internal control and risk management’). The
Group also has the necessary competencies to manage these risks,
mainly through our central functions (finance, legal, tax and customs).

Nevertheless, these measures implemented by Schneider Electric,
might be insufficient to counteract these risks.

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

@ information system risks and cyber threats;

¢ market risks covering currency risks and raw material price
fluctuation risks;

@ legal risks that also cover intellectual property;
litigation and related risks.

The Group’s main risks and threats are summarized in a chart
of overall risks based on their impact and probability.

The growth and success

of the Group’s products depend on its
ability to constantly adapt to and leverage
new technologies to deliver high value
products and solutions

There are major transformations impacting the markets in which
Schneider Electric operates. This includes loT and its major
accelerators of mobility, the cloud, pervasive sensing, bit data and
analytics. Customers expect ever more intelligent products with
open interfaces enabling them to be tightly integrated into more and
more complex software-based solutions. The resulting digitization of
products, including native web connectivity opens numerous new
opportunities, but will also accelerate the convergence of IT and
OT technologies, thus making it possible for new players to enter
our markets. The widespread usage of mobile devices creates
new expectations from customers as far as the general usability of
products. Last but not least, the increased connectivity of products
increases the risk of cyber attacks.

To meet these challenges, the Group has increased its investments
in the areas of embedded control (hardware and software), and
cybersecurity. A Group-wide initiative aims at developing common
control technologies, leveraging such advances as “controller on a
chip”, resulting in smart and open products that are “natively” secure.
More and more, the development of products goes hand-in-hand with
the development of life-cycle services leveraging web connectivity
to deliver superior lifetime value to our customers. Such services not
only open new recurring revenue opportunities for Schneider Electric,
but reinforce the Group's competitive position versus potential new
entrants,

The increased software content of the Group's solutions has
resulted in specific investments in the area of user experience. The
standards and techniques developed for software solutions apply
readily to smartphones and allow development teams to seamlessly
complement products and solutions with state-of-the-art mobile
applications.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

47


--- Page 27 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

48

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

Regarding cybersecurity, a specific investment program has been
launched to develop and deploy technology and process capabilities
through the development lifecycle. Specialists embedded in the main
development teams/centers are involved throughout all phases of
the R&D development activities to help make products and solutions
more inherently secure. A constant monitoring of emerging threats
has been implemented in partnership with specialized firms and
specific vulnerability management and incident response processes
have been established to support customers of Schneider Electric
solutions.

The market for software-based solutions has faster cycles than some.
of Schneider Electric's hardware markets. As a provider of critical
infrastructure management solutions, the Group nevertheless does
not compromise its standards of outstanding reliability and security.
As a consequence, a program is underway to generalize the latest
standards of System Engineering, allowing different teams to work in
parallel on complex products or systems, while assuring the highest
quality standards. Coupled with techniques such as early prototyping,
leveraging 3D printing, and simulation, these efforts contribute to the
continued reduction of go-to-market lead times.

To sustainably manage these challenges, the Group needs to
constantly invest in the competencies of its 8,500 R&D engineers,
both to reinforce its traditional domains of expertise and develop
new ones. Leveraging Open Innovation through a global network that
extends into universities, research centers, partners and start-ups
compliments the backbone of Schneider Electric’s R&D organization.
Each network constantly monitors emerging technologies and
competitive trends in its domain, decides the launch of research
efforts to position the Group ahead of those trends and ensures the
related upgrade of the network's talent pool.

Schneider Electric’s strategy involves
growth through acquisitions and mergers
that are potentially difficult to execute

The Group's strategy involves strengthening its positions through
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and mergers. Changes
in the scope of consolidation during 2017 are described in note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5)

External growth projects are examined in detail by the businesses
and corporate functions (strategy, finance, legal affairs, tax and
Human Resources) concerned, under a rigorous internal process
developed and led at Group level. A launch committee is responsible
for initiating the review process to identify the risks and opportunities
associated with each external growth project, while a number of
validation committees review the results on an ongoing basis. Projects.
that successfully come through the review process are submitted for
approval to the Group Acquisitions Committee made up of the main
members of senior management. The largest projects require the
prior approval of the Chairman and CEO, who refers to the board of
directors, if necessary.

External growth transactions are inherently risky because of
the difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations,
technologies and products, and the related acquisition, administrative
and other costs.

This is why an integration procedure for new acquisitions has been
drawn up. The integration of acquisitions is a process that extends
over a period of 6 to 24 months depending on the type and size of the
newly acquired company. The integration scenario for each acquisition
varies depending on whether the business was acquired to strengthen
or extend the Group's existing line-up or enter a new segment. There
are a number of different integration scenarios, ranging from total
integration to separate organization. An integration plan is drawn up
for each acquisition and submitted to the Acquisitions Committee for
approval. The plan is implemented by an integration manager who
reports to a Steering Committee that initially meets at monthly intervals
and then on a quarterly basis.

The unit that presents the acquisition project is accountable to the
Group's senior management for meeting clearly defined business
plan targets covering future performance and expected synergies.
Actual performance is measured against business plan targets during
quarterly business reviews and, for the largest acquisitions, by the
board of directors.

Value in use is determined by discounting estimated future cash
flows that will be generated by the tested assets, generally over a
period of not more than 5 years. These future cash flows are based
on Group management's economic assumptions and operating
forecasts. The discount rate corresponds to Schneider Electric's
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at the valuation date plus
a risk premium depending on the region in question (local risk-free
rate), the nature of the target's business (appropriate beta), and the
structure of the financing (taking into account the debt to equity ratio
and risk premium on the debt). The Group's WACC stood at 7.1% at
December 31, 2017, a slight decrease compared to the 2016 financial
year. The perpetuity growth rate was 2%, unchanged on the previous
financial year.

Goodwill is allocated to a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) when initially
recognized. The CGU allocation is done on the same basis as used
by Group management to monitor operations and assess synergies
deriving from acquisitions. Impairment tests are performed at the level
of the cash generating unit (CGU), i.e., the Low Voltage (Building),
Medium Voltage (Infrastructure), Industrial Automation (Industry) and
Secure Power (/T) businesses.

Where the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is lower than
its book value, an impairment loss is recognized. Where the tested
CGU comprises goodwill, any impairment losses are firstly deducted
therefrom.

The Group’s success depends on its
ability to attract and retain the best talent,
and engaging its workforce to support our
Growth ambition for the future

Competition for highly qualified management and technical personnel
is intense in the Group's industry, and becomes a bigger challenge
as the Group continues its trajectory of growth. Future continued
success depends in part on the Group's ability to attract, hire,
onboard and retain the best qualified personnel, especially in the
areas of technology and energy efficiency solutions. This ability can
only result from a strong employee-centric People Strategy and its
ability to prepare its workforce for the future.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 28 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

The Group's People Strategy is strongly anchored in its Leadership &
Culture 2020 vision, ensuring that we have a unique way of leading and
working together, establishing a strong bond between employees and
the company. The cornerstone of this ambition is the experience of
employees throughout their journey at Schneider Electric. The People
Strategy aims to create a culture that is a differentiator for its clients:
focused on speed, customer service and ease of business. This is
achieved thanks to our focus on learning, openness, transparency,
and inclusiveness.

In this framework, the Human Resources Function is valued as a
business enabler, bringing efficiency and quality to the employee
experience. Our entire People Strategy defines the transformations
we want to accomplish, one of them being to increase our diversity
and create an inclusive culture. We believe it is in meeting the
expectations of our customers through ongoing innovation. Our
multi-hub organization with senior leaders in every continent has been
created to facilitate the growth of talent, and to give every employee
the same chance of success in any part of the world

The Group’s acquisitions and growth ambitions have increased its
global presence and internationalized the profile of its workforce.
This, coupled with structural reorganizations, has highlighted the
importance and necessity of offering equal opportunities to everyone,
everywhere. Diversity & Inclusion efforts at all levels of the organization
are therefore pivotal to create a common Schneider Electric identity.
To achieve this ambition, the Group is progressing several areas,
including its commitment to United Nations Women HeForShe
movement: and gender pay equity. In 2017, the Group launched its
Global Family Leave Policy, which is an industry-leading practice that
is differentiated through its scope and reach. The policy provides
time-off for key life stages like welcoming a new baby, taking care
of sick or elder relatives, and mourning the loss of a family member

To nurture an innovative workforce and understanding that all
employees are considered «Talent», the Group encourages its
people to take ownership of managing their performance and career
development. The Talent aspiration of the Group gives managers
an enhanced visibility to plan for longer-term career development
and succession to critical roles in the organization, while accelerating
the development of high potentials. Our culture of systematically
reviewing talent at every level of the organization gives fair opportunity
to everyone to progress and for the Group to benefit from a circulation
of talents. At employee level, taking ownership for their development
and growth also means that they have access to a talent management
system and development opportunities.

At Schneider Electric, we are immersing our employees in a culture
of life-long learning from the moment they onboard the company.

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

This is a culture where everybody learns constantly and builds new
capabilities. Our objective is to cultivate people that are recognized
as the best professionals in their industry. As a competitive advantage,
our learning culture provides opportunities for everyone in the
company to proactively further their professional development while
leveraging high tech digital solutions to accelerate their time to
knowledge, and provide a good user experience. To stay ahead of
the game, employees are encouraged to turn learning into action and
experiment with purpose

The Schneider Electric workforce is recognized as a high performing
global team that enjoys growing the business of the company and
beating the competition. The Group nurtures an environment where
employees receive ongoing feedback, recognition and coaching.
Our culture is distinctive in its speed and agility and its powered
by an effective and flatter organization. Our empowered leaders
are supported by a strong ‘Leadership Academy’ and build skills to
evaluate and differentiate fairly, strengthening the way we manage
performance.

Schneider Electric believes that well-being generates performance
and performance generates well-being. The Company has embraced
a well-being transformation with the ambition of building a company
where our people make the most of their energy Understanding that
well-being is a joint responsibility between the Group, its leaders and
employees, we have implemented targeted actions under a holistic
view that addresses the physical, social, mental and emotional
spheres. As a result, we create a safe, secure, healthy, productive
and flexible work environment. We leverage technology to be more
collaborative, and have defined rituals that allows our employees to
be more effective, especially the globally dispersed teams.

Having employee engagement at its heart, the Group has for the
past few years regularly sought both blue and white-collar feedback
through a bi-annual company-wide employee engagement survey.
Listening to our employees and acting upon their feedback is a key
pillar of our HR Strategy and actions.

These employee engagement efforts support employer branding
initiatives; the Group's Employer Value Proposition (EVP) enables
HR professionals and leaders to become talent scouts, build ‘talent
mapping’ capability, and a proactive external pipeline. Programs and
initiatives under its People Strategy, coupled with a compelling EVP
have led to the Group being recognized as an «Employer of Choice».

Work continues to be done in these and other areas so that HR is
equipped to effectively deliver its EVP and further support the Group
in its future endeavours.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

49


--- Page 29 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

50

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

2 Industrial and environmental risks

Defective products or design flaws may
cause bodily harm or property damage
and subject the Group to product liability
claims and other adverse effects

Despite its testing and quality procedures, the Group's products
might not operate properly or might contain design faults or defects,
which could give rise to disputes in respect of its liability as seller or
manufacturer, notably in Europe, where liability related to defective
products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under warranty
and legal proceedings. Such disputes could reduce demand for
the Group’s products or harm its reputation for safety and quality.
To prevent or limit these risks, Schneider Electric immediately recalls
products if there are any doubts whatsoever that a product or one of
its components is not 100% safe for people and/or property.

As in 2016, no broad product recall was begun in 2017.

Some expenses incurred by Schneider Electric within the context
of product recalls are covered by the liability insurance program
described in the “Insurance” section below.

Provisions for product risk totaled EUR445 million as of
December 31, 2017 (see note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements)

The Group’s plants and products
are subject to environmental laws
and regulations

The Group's plants and products are subject to extensive and
increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all
countries in which it operates.

To limit risks related to the environment, the Group started a process.
to continuously improve the environmental performance of its plants
and industrial activities, as well as a process to review and monitor
possible environmental risks. This program, known as CLEARR
(Company-wide Look at Environmental Assessment and Risk Review),
included 221 sites in 2017, each giving rise to the identification and
review of historical or current potential environmental risks. These 221
sites were selected for their current and past industrial activities, and
therefore the environmental risks that may affect them. Each CLEARR
assessment was reviewed by an independent expert consultant, and
each observation was discussed with the management of the site in
question. Each of these sites then set an action plan, where required,
and periodic monitoring (at least annual) is carried out.

“Due Diligence Phase |" analyses are triggered as required, to better
classify the nature of the risks identified and confirm the likelihood and
impact, in order to trigger actions or update the amounts of provisions
to be reflected for accounting purposes.

The Group records environmental provisions when the risks can
be reliably measured, or it is likely that clean-up work will have to
be performed and related costs can be reasonably estimated
Provisions for environmental risks related to the Group's sites totaled
EUR290 million as of December 31, 2017. If no risk has been

identified in a given location, Schneider Electric will not estimate the
financial cost of environmental risks. The Group expects its costs
for environmental compliance programs to increase as a result of
changes to existing environmental regulations and the introduction
of new regulations.

In addition, since 1992 Schneider Electric has had a formal
environmental policy in place aimed at improving the environmental
performance of manufacturing and transport processes, promoting
eco-design, and incorporating its expectations into the procedures
it uses to select suppliers and materials, all in the name of
environmental protection. The aim of this policy is also to identify,
assess and prevent environmental risks in order to be in a position
to comply with the different applicable environmental laws, including
those in force in the European Union, (concerning its products: WEEE
directives, ROHS and REACH regulation), China (RoHS China, etc.),
the United States, India, Korea, Japan and in all locations where the
Group operates. Regarding industrial activities, the Group decided to
deploy ISO 50 001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 management systems,
worldwide and at each site. An Integrated Management System (IMS)
is being deployed, bringing together these 3 management systems
and the ISO 9001 quality management system, thus helping to drive
efficiency and effectiveness. Moreover, more than 130 sites have
already implemented an ISO 50001 energy management system.

There can be no guarantee that Schneider Electric will not be required
to pay significant fines or compensation as a result of past, current or
future breaches of environmental laws and regulations by companies
that are currently or were previously members of the Group. This
exposure exists even if the Group is not responsible for the breaches,
in cases where they were committed in the past by companies or
businesses that were not part of the Group at the time.

Schneider Electric may also be exposed to the risk of claims for
breaches of environmental laws and regulations. Such claims could
adversely affect Schneider Electric's financial position and reputation,
despite the efforts and investments made to comply at all times with
all applicable environmental laws and regulations as they change.

If Schneider Electric fails to conduct its operations in compliance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations, local
judicial or regulatory authorities could require the Group to conduct
investigations and/or implement costly clean-up measures to deal
with the current or past contamination of current or former production
facilities or off-site waste disposal facilities, and to scale back or
temporarily or permanently close facilities in accordance with the
applicable environmental laws and regulations. This also applies to
the ecosystem upstream of Schneider Electric's suppliers, who also
operate within clear regulatory frameworks, and whose activities may
be impacted, or even interrupted, in the event of failure to comply
with local environmental rules.

Finally, the Group may be exposed to new risks related to recent
acquisitions. In accordance with IFRS rules, these risks are assessed
in the framework of the allocation of the purchase price, as specified in
note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. In this context, and as
was the case for past acquisitions such as Invensys, Asco - acquired
in 2017 - and its industrial sites are subject to such assessments
conducted by independent experts on a site-by-site basis.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 30 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

[ZS Management of risks in relation to climate change

The Sustainable Development Department is in charge of
implementing the Group's strategy in relation to all the components
of sustainable development. Climate change represents altogether
a risk and an opportunity for Schneider Electric’s business. The

The Group operates, either directly or through service providers, a
wide range of highly complex information systems, including servers,
networks, applications and databases, on premise and in the cloud,
that are essential to the efficiency of our sales and manufacturing
processes as well as platforms to enable Digital Offers such as
EcoStruxure™ . Failure of any of these hardware or software systems,
a fulfilment failure by a service provider, human error or computer
viruses could adversely affect the quality of service offered by the
Group.

Information systems risks

The Group regularly examines alternative solutions to protect against
this type of risk and has developed contingency plans, and incident
response capabilities to mitigate the effects of any information system
failure. Dedicated governance structures have been set up to manage
relations with service providers responsible for outsourced IT systems
operations.

Problems may also be encountered during the deployment of
new applications or software. In the last few years, the Group has
developed ERPs systems under SAP, which it started to roll out
in 2008. This roll-out process has been carried out fully or partially
in several countries since 2008, and was deployed in France during
2017, with the United States planned to conclude in 2019.

Market risks

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to risks associated with the effect of changing
interest rates in different countries. Interest rate risk on borrowings
is managed at the Group level, based on consolidated debt and
taking into consideration market conditions in order to optimize overall
borrowing costs. Most bond debt is fixed rate. At December 31, 2017,
88% of the Group's gross debt was fixed rate.

Maturities of financial liabilities are presented in note 24.1 to the
consolidated financial statements.

A1% increase in interest rates would have a positive impact of around
EUR21 million on the Group's net financial expense.

The financial instruments used to hedge the exposure of the Group to.
fluctuations in interest rates are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017.

processes aiming at identifying and assessing the risks related to
climate change, as well as the diagnosis and the action plan towards
reduction of emissions are described in section 3.3 of chapter 2
(page 98).

In addition to the deployment of ERP systems, the Group is
deploying various applications aimed at enhancing commercial
experience, employee effectiveness and supply chain efficiency as
well as enabling digital commercial offers such as EcoStruxure™. All
applications are subject to certification testing attempting to remove
system vulnerabilities. These systems are housed either in on-premise
data centers managed by our service providers or are cloud-based
applications.

In view of these projects’ complexity, extensive functionalities and their
worldwide deployment, the Group has set up dedicated governance
and cost control structures to manage these issues and limit the
related risks. Risk mitigation strategies are continuously improved
including monitoring of legislative changes across country borders
to maintain compliance with digital asset requirements.

However, despite the Group's policy of establishing governance
structures and contingency plans, there can be no assurance that
information systems projects will not be subject to technical problems
and/or execution delays. While it is difficult to accurately quantify the
impact of any such problems or delays, they could have an adverse
effect on inventory levels, service quality and, consequently, on our
financial results.

Exposure to currency exchange risk

The Group's international operations expose it to the risk of fluctuation
of exchange rates. If the Group is not able to hedge these risks,
fluctuations in exchange rates between the euro and these currencies.
can have a significant impact on our results and distort year-on-year
performance comparisons.

We manage our exposure to currency risk to reduce the sensitivity of
earnings to changes in exchange rates through hedging programs
relating to receivables, payables and cash flows, which are primarily
hedged by means of forward purchases and sales.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

51


--- Page 31 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

52

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

Depending on market conditions, risks in the main currencies may be
hedged based on cash flow forecasting using contracts that expire
in 12 months or less

Schneider Electric's currency hedging policy is to protect our
subsidiaries against risks on transactions denominated in a currency
other than their functional currency. More than 20 currencies
are involved, with the US dollar, Chinese yuan, Singapore dollar,
Australian dollar, British pound, the Hungarian forint and Russian
rubles representing the most significant sources of those risks. The
financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in
exchange rates are described in note 26 to the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 (Chapter 5).

In 2017, revenue in foreign currencies amounted to EUR19.2 billion,
including around EUR6.5 billion in US dollars and 2.9 billion in Chinese
yuan

The main exposure of the Group in terms of currency exchange risk is.
related to the US dollar, the Chinese yuan and to currencies linked to
the US dollar. The Group estimates that in the current structure of its
operations, a 5% appreciation of the euro compared to the US dollar
would have a negligible impact on operating margin (a translation
effect of minus EUR34 million on EBITA).

Equity risk

Exposure to equity risk primarily relates to treasury shares but remains
limited. The Group does not use any financial instruments to hedge
these positions.

An increase in raw material prices could
have negative consequences

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in energy and raw material
prices, in particular steel, copper, aluminum, silver, lead, nickel, zinc
and plastics. If we are not able to hedge, compensate for or pass on
to customers any such increased costs, this could have an adverse
impact on our financial results.

The Group has, however, implemented certain procedures to limit
exposure to rising non-ferrous and precious raw material prices. The
purchasing departments of the operating units report their purchasing
forecasts to the Corporate Finance and Treasury Department.
Purchase commitments are hedged using forward contracts, swaps
and, to a lesser extent, options.

The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations.
in raw material prices are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017.

In 2017, purchases of raw materials totaled around EUR1.9 billion,
including around EUR900 million for non-ferrous and precious metals,
of which roughly 53% was for copper. The Group enters into swap and
options agreements intended to hedge all or part of its non-ferrous

and precious metals purchases in order to limit the impact of price
volatility of these raw materials on our results. At December 31, 2017,
the Group had hedged positions with a nominal value of EUR153
million on these transactions.

Counterparty risk

Financial transactions are entered into with carefully selected
counterparties. Banking counterparties are chosen according
to the customary criteria, including the credit rating issued by an
independent rating agency.

Group policy consists of diversifying counterparty risks and periodic
controls are performed to check compliance with the related rules.

In addition, the Group takes out substantial credit insurance and uses
other types of guarantees to limit the risk of losses on trade accounts
receivable.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity is provided by the Group's cash and cash equivalents and
undrawn confirmed lines of credit. As of December 31, 2017, the
Group had access to cash and cash equivalents totaling EUR3 billion.
As of December 31, 2017, the Group had EUR2.7 billion in undrawn
confirmed lines of credit maturing after December 2018.

The Group's credit rating enables it to raise significant long-term
financing and attract a diverse investor base. The Group currently has
an A- credit rating from Standard & Poor's and an Baa‘ credit rating
from Moody's. The Group's liabilities and their terms and conditions
are described in note 24 of Chapter 5.

In line with the Group's overall policy of conservatively managing
liquidity risk and protecting our financial position, when negotiating
new liquidity facilities the Group avoids the inclusion of clauses that
would have the effect of restricting the availability of credit lines, such
as covenants requiring compliance with certain financial ratios. As
of December 31, 2017, Schneider Electric SE had no financing or
confirmed lines of credit that were subject to covenants requiring
compliance with financial ratios.

The loan agreements or lines of credit for some of our liquidity
facilities include cross-default clauses. If we were to default on any
of our liquidity facilities, beyond a threshold we could be required to
repay the sums due on some of these facilities.

Moreover, anticipated reimbursement provisions exist for certain
financing and lines of credit in case of change of control. Under these
provisions, the debt holders may demand repayment if a shareholder
or shareholders acting together hold more than 50% of the company’s
shares, and for the majority of contracts, this event triggers a
downgrading of the company’s rating. As of December 31, 2017,
EURS.6 billion of the Group's financing and lines of credit had these
types of provisions.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 32 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Wah Legal risks

Our products are subject to varying
national and international standards
and regulations

Our products, which are sold in national markets worldwide, are
subject to regulations in each of those markets, as well as to various
supranational regulations (sales restrictions, customs tariffs, tax laws,
security standards, etc.). Changes to any of these regulations or
standards or their applicability to the Group's business could lead to
lower sales or increased operating costs, which would result in lower
earnings and profitability.

Our products are also subject to multiple quality and safety controls
and regulations, and are governed by both national and supranational
standards. The majority of our products comply with world-recognized
International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) standards as well
as with the applicable rules in the European Union, and in particular
the REACH and RoHS rules. Any necessary capital investments or
costs of specific measures for compliance with new or more stringent
standards and regulations could have a negative impact on Group
operations.

In addition, in the majority of the markets on which its products are
sold, Schneider Electric is subject to national and supranational
regulations governing competition. If the Group is implicated in these
areas, this could have a significant impact on the Group's businesses,
results and financial position. However, to mitigate these risks, the
Group completed its Principles of Responsibility by implementing a
global competition law policy that has been widely rolled out within
the Group, together with a training program set up by the Legal Affairs
Department.

Risks related to products sold

In addition, in case of malfunction or failure of one of its products,
systems or solutions, Schneider Electric could incur liability arising
from any resulting tangible or intangible damages, or personal injury.
Similarly, the Group could incur liability based on errors in the design
of a product, system or solution or because of a malfunction related to
the interface with other products or systems. The failure of a product,
system or solution may involve costs related to the product recall,

al «(Disputes

Following public offers launched in 1993 by SPEP (the holding
company of the Group at the time) for its Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel
and Cofimines, proceedings were initiated against former Schneider
Electric executives in connection with the former Empain-Schneider
Group's management of its Belgian subsidiaries, notably the Tramico
sub-group. At the end of March 2006, a criminal court in Brussels,
Belgium, ruled that some of those executives were responsible
for certain of the alleged offenses and that some of the plaintiffs’
claims were admissible. It also held that Schneider Electric and its
Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel and Cofimines were civilly liable for the
actions of those executives who were found liable. The plaintiffs
claimed damages representing losses of EURS.3 million stemming
from alleged management decisions that reduced the value of or

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

result in new development expenditures, and consume technical and
economic resources. Such costs could have a significant impact on
the profitability and cash and cash equivalents of the Group. The
business reputation of Schneider Electric could also be negatively
impacted

To prevent these risks, Schneider Electric has implemented quality
procedures at the level of design, development and production of its
products, systems and solutions. In case of product returns, the type
and source of the failures are analyzed and corrective actions are
implemented. The Group has also put in place insurance coverage to
cover its civil liability and the risk of product recalls (see section 1.7
“Risk factors on Insurance policy”)

The development and success of the
Group’s products depends on its ability
to protect its intellectual property rights

The future success of Schneider Electric depends to a significant
extent on the development and protection of patents, knowledge and
trademarks (“intellectual property rights”). Should a third party infringe
on the Group's intellectual property rights, the Group may have to
expend significant resources monitoring, protecting and enforcing its
rights. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights,
our competitive position could suffer, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. In addition, the unauthorized use
of intellectual property rights remains difficult to control, particularly
in foreign countries, whose laws do not always effectively ensure
the protection of these rights. They could be counterfeited or used
without the consent of Schneider Electric, which could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation and operating profit.

To mitigate this risk, the patents developed or purchased by the Group
are tracked by the Industrial Property team within the Finance and
Control — Legal Affairs Department. All intellectual property matters
are centralized and managed by this team for the whole Group, and
in coordination with the other teams within the Finance and Control —
Legal Affairs Department, which ensure that the Group's interests are
defended throughout the world. The same approach and organization
applies for the Group's brands portfolio.

undervalued assets presented in the prospectus used in conjunction
with the offering, as well as losses of EUR4.9 million in relation to
transactions carried out by PB Finance, a company in which Cofibel
and Cofimines then held minority interests. In its ruling, the court also
appointed an expert to assess the loss suffered by those plaintiffs
whose claims were ruled admissible. The expert's report was.
submitted in 2008. The defendants and the companies held civilly
liable contest the amounts provided by the expert in their entirety
on the basis of a counter-analysis drawn up by Deloitte. Schneider
Electric is paying the legal expenses not covered by the insurance of
the former executives involved. A settlement agreement was signed
with a group of plaintiffs and some of the remaining plaintiffs have
appealed (i) parts of the March 2006 ruling and (ii) a ruling made

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

53


--- Page 33 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

54

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

in 2011 by the Court of First Instance denying the admissibility of
some of the plaintiffs’ claims.

The Brussels Court of Appeals delivered its judgment on June 26,
2017, declaring the plaintiffs’ claims to be time-barred or ungrownded.
Following this judgment, one of the plaintiffs decided to lodge an
appeal on the grounds of procedural irregularity. The case is expected
to be heard in 2018.

The main issue outstanding following the disposal of Spie Batignolles
in 1996 was concerning litigation in France with SNCF Mobilité before
the administrative court. The Group discussed the issue with SNCF
and the dispute was settled amicably in 2016 at no cost for Schneider
Electric beyond its own legal costs.

Although SNCF Mobilité is still in a legal dispute with some entities
of the Bouygues group in the context of this case, it should not have
any impact on this amicable settlement.

Schneider Electric was also among 2,000 companies worldwide that
were mentioned in the Volcker report on the Oil for Food program
published by the UN in October 2005, which stated that the Group
had entered into agreements with the Iraqi state-owned entities
between 2000 and 2004 under which surcharge payments totaling
approximately USD450,000 are alleged to have been made to the Iraqi
government. Schneider Electric Industries has been indicted in France

Schneider Electric's general policy for managing insurable risks is
designed to defend the interests of employees and customers and to
protect the company’s assets, the environment and its shareholders’
investment.

Insurance strategy

This strategy entails:

identifying and analyzing the impact of the main risks;

preventing risks and protecting industrial equipment; definition
of protection standards for sites (including those that are
managed by third parties) against the risk of fire and malicious
intent, audits of the main sites by an independent loss prevention
company, roll-out of a self-assessment questionnaire for the
other Group sites;

¢ drawing up of business continuity plans, in particular, for the
Group main sites and critical suppliers;

roll-out of crisis management tools by the Group's Security
Department;

carrying out hazard and vulnerability studies and safety
management for people and equipment;

@ implementing global insurance programs negotiated at the
Group level for all subsidiaries with insurers meeting appropriate
minimum credit ratings;

¢ optimization of financing for high-frequency/low-severity risks
through retentions managed either directly (deductibles) or
through captive insurance companies.

in 2010 in relation to this report, then referred in May 2013, along with
13 other French companies, to the criminal court, which rendered its
decision on June 16, 2015, discharging all the companies. However,
the Bench appealed this decision, which will be judged by the Paris
Court of Appeals in late November 2018.

In addition, some Group entities worldwide, including in Brazil and
Pakistan, are directly or indirectly cited in anti-trust proceedings
without, however, any proven or serious risk of conviction in this regard
having been identified to date.

Various other claims, administrative notices and legal proceedings
have been filed against the Group concerning such issues as
contractual demands, counterfeiting, risk of bodily harm linked to
asbestos in certain older products and work contracts.

Although it is impossible to predict the results and/or costs of these
proceedings with certainty, Schneider Electric considers that they will
not, by their nature, have significant effects on the Group's business,
assets, financial position or profitability. The company is not aware of
any other governmental, court or arbitration proceedings, which are
pending or which threaten the company, that are liable to have or,
during the last 12 months have had, a material effect on the financial
position or profitability of the company and/or the Group.

Liability insurance

The 3-year insurance program put in place on January 1, 2015 was
renewed as from January 1, 2017 for a new period of 3 years. This
program, deployed in more than 75 countries, provides coverage
and limits in line with the current size of the Group and its evolving
risks and commitments.

Certain specific risks, such as aeronautic, nuclear and environmental,
are covered by specific insurance programs.

Property damage and business
interruption insurance

The 3-year insurance program put in place as of July 1, 2016 was
continued in 2017. This is an “all risks” policy which covers events
that could affect Schneider Electric's property (including fire,
explosion, natural disaster, machinery breakdown) as well as business
interruption resulting from those risks.

Assets are insured at replacement value.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 34 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Transport insurance

A new insurance program covering all risks of loss or damage to
goods while in transit, including intragroup shipments, was put in
place as from January 1, 2017.

Erection all risk insurance

The erection all risk insurance program providing cover for damage to
work and equipment for projects taking place at our clients’ premises.
was continued in 2017.

Other risks

In addition, Schneider Electric has taken out specific cover in
response to certain local conditions, regulations or the requirements
of certain risks, projects and businesses.

Organizational simplicity and efficiency

Self-insurance

To optimize costs, Schneider Electric self-insures certain high-
frequency/low-severity risks through 2 captive insurance companies:

a captive company based in Luxembourg provides Property
Damage and Transport reinsurance worldwide as well as Liability
reinsurance outside the USA and Canada. The total amount
retained is capped at EUR20 million per year;

for the entities located in the USA and Canada, a captive
insurance company based in Vermont (USA) is used to
standardize deductibles for civil liability, workers’ compensation
and automobile liability. These retentions range from USD1 million
to USD5 million per claim, depending on the risk. An actuary
validates the provisions recorded by the captive company
each year.

The cost of self-insured claims is not material at the Group level.

Cost of insurance programs

The cost (including tax) of the Group’s main global insurance
programs, excluding premiums paid to captives, totaled around
EUR20 million in 2017.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

55


--- Page 35 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

56

Internal control and risk management

8. Internal control and risk management

Definition and objectives of internal control and risk management

Definition and objectives
The Group's internal control procedures are designed to ensure:

compliance with laws and regulations;

application of instructions and guidelines issued by Group
Senior Management;

the proper functioning of the company’s internal processes;

the reliability of financial reporting; and more generally, internal
control helps the Group manage its businesses, run efficient
operations and use its resources efficiently.

Internal control aims to prevent and manage risks related to the
Group's business. These include accounting and financial risks, as
well as operating, fraud and compliance risks. However, no system
of internal control is capable of providing absolute assurance that
these risks will be managed completely.

Scope of this report

The system is designed to cover the Group, defined as the Schneider
Electric SE parent company and the subsidiaries over which it
exercises exclusive control

Jointly controlled subsidiaries are subject to all of the controls
described below, with the exception of self-assessments of the
implementation of Key Internal Controls (see “Operating Units”
below), page 61

In 2017, the Group's organizational chart is based on Senior
Management for Global Functions and Operating Divisions; defined
in terms of businesses, geographical location, logistical or industrial
responsibility.

The Group's corporate governance bodies supervise the development
of the internal control and risk management systems. The Audit
Committee has particular responsibility for monitoring the system's
effectiveness (see committees of the board, chapter 3 section 4,
page 173).

Each manager is responsible for monitoring internal control in his
or her area, at the different levels of the organization, as are all Key
internal control participants, in accordance with the tasks described
below.

Senior Management

Senior Management is responsible for designing and leading the
overall internal control system, with support from all key participants, in
particular the Group Internal Audit and Internal Control Departments.

It also monitors the Group's performance, during business reviews
with the Operating Divisions and Global Functions. These reviews.

Internal control reference documents

The Group's internal control system complies with the legal obligations
applicable to companies listed on the Paris stock exchange. It is
consistent with the reference framework laid down by the Autorité
des Marchés Financiers (French Financial Markets Authority - AMF)
on internal control and risk management.

The Group's internal control process is a work in progress; procedures.
are adapted to reflect changes in the AMF recommendations and
the business and regulatory environment, as well as in the Group's
organization and operations.

Information used to prepare this report

This report was prepared using contributions from the Group's Internal
Audit and Internal Control Departments, the Management Control and
Accounting Departments, as well as the various participants in internal
control. It was reviewed by the Audit Committee.

Organization and management: internal control key participants

cover business trends, action plans, current results and forecasts for
the quarters ahead.

Similar reviews are carried out at different levels of the Group prior to
Senior Management's review.

Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department reports to Senior Management. It had
an average headcount of 20 people in 2017. The internal auditors are
responsible for ensuring that, at the level of each unit:
@ the identification and control of risks is performed;

significant financial, management and operating information is
accurate and reliable;

compliance with laws and regulations and with the Group's
policies, standards, procedures is ensured;

¢ compliance with the instructions of the Head of the Group is
ensured;

acquisition of resources is carried out at a competitive cost, and
their protection is ensured;

expenses are properly engaged and monitored;

°

correct integration and control of acquisitions is ensured.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 36 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

Annual internal audit plans are drawn up based on a combination of
a risk based and audit universe coverage based approach. The risk
based dimension is embedding risk and control concerns identified
by Senior Management, taking into account the results of past audits,
the results of Key Internal Control self-assessments returned by the
units and other indicators such as Corruption Perception Index and
COFACE Country Index. When necessary, the audit plan is adjusted
during the year to include special requests from Senior Management.
The internal audit process is described in the section “Control
procedures” below.

After each internal audit, a report is issued setting out the auditors’
findings and recommendations for the units or function audited.
The management of the audited entities or the audited domains is
requested to define for each recommendation an action plan aiming
at implementing corrective actions. Measures are taken to monitor
implementation of recommendations and specific follow up audits
are conducted if necessary.

The audit reports and the implementation of its recommendations are
distributed to Senior Management and to the President of the Audit
Committee. A synthesis of the main take away and conclusions from
the audit missions is presented to the Audit Committee for each of
the committee session (5 times per year).

These reports are subject to regular exchange with the Group's
auditors.

The Head of the Internal Audit and Internal Control has direct access
to the President of the Audit Committee and meets her on a regular
basis over the year.

Internal Control Department

The Internal Control Department, which reports to the Internal Audit
Department, is responsible particularly for:

¢ defining and updating the list of Key Internal Controls in close
cooperation with the Global Functions and other subject matter
experts in line with the recommendation of the AMF reference
framework;

maintaining and leading a network of around 27 regional internal
controllers who:

¢ perform on-site control of the accuracy of self-assessments;
perform management diagnosis missions and check the
efficiency of remediation action plans implemented by the
units within their geographic scope. After each internal control
or management diagnosis mission, a report is issued setting
out findings and recommendations for the attention of the
persons in charge of the unit controlled,

¢ follow implementation by the units within their scope of
the internal control action plans defined following  self-
assessments, internal control or management diagnosis
missions;
¢ maintaining and leading a network of around 11 local internal
controllers who are responsible to support the local management
on internal control topics and act as process owners for certain
key areas such as the chart of authority, segregation of duties.
This network will be extended step by step over the coming
years;

¢@ organizing and monitoring the roll-out of self-assessment
campaigns, internal control missions and the implementation of
set action plans following self-assessments or internal control
missions.

Internal control and risk management

The team continues to improve the internal control process and adapt
its procedures in light of the results of self-assessments and changes
in the business environment or organization.

Finance and Control —

Legal Affairs Department

The Finance and Control —Legal Affairs Department is actively involved
in organizing control and ensuring compliance with procedures.

Within the department, the Management Control and Accounting unit
plays a key role in the internal control system by:

¢ drafting and updating instructions designed to ensure that
statutory and management accounting practices are consistent
throughout the Group and compliant with applicable regulations;

organizing period-end closing procedures;

analyzing performance and tracking the achievement of targets
assigned to the operating units.

The Management Control and Accounting unit is responsible for:

@ the proper application of Group accounting principles and
policies;

@ the integrity of the consolidation system database;
the quality of accounting and financial processes and data;

@ training for finance staff by developing and leading specific
seminars on the function;

drafting, updating and distributing the necessary documents for
producing quality information.

The unit drafts and updates:

a glossary of terms used by the Management Control and
Accounting unit, including a definition of each term;
the chart of accounts for reporting;

a Group statutory and management accounting standards
manual, which includes details of debit/credit pairings;

a Group reporting procedures manual and a system user's
guide;

a manual describing the procedures to be followed to integrate
newly acquired businesses in the Group reporting process;

an intercompany reconciliation procedures manual;
account closing schedules and instructions.

The Management Control and Accounting unit monitors the reliability
of data from the subsidiaries and conducts monthly reviews of the
various units’ primary operations and performance.

The Finance and Control — Legal Affairs Department, the Tax and
Legal teams oversees tax and legal affairs, to provide comprehensive
management of these risks.

Within the Finance and Control — Legal Affairs Department, the
Finance and Treasury Department is responsible for:

centralized management of cash and long-term Group financing;

centralized management of currency risk and non-ferrous
metals risk;

@ monitoring of Group trade accounts receivable risk and the
definition of the credit policy to be implemented;

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

57


--- Page 37 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

58

Internal control and risk management

the distribution of rules for financial risk management and the
security of incoming and outgoing payments;

¢ define guidelines and contributes to the definition of Key
Internal Control indicators relating to treasury and credit
management,

® review the related risks of complex projects as a subject
matter expert,

@ select Group Tools for Credit, Trade and Cash Management;

¢@ the annual review of financial structures — balance-sheet
changes and financial risks — facing the Group's companies
during formal financial review meetings.

Procedures for managing financial risk are described in “Risk Factors”
chapter 1, section 7.

Operating Divisions and business units

The Operating Division management teams play a critical role in
effective internal control.

All Group units report hierarchically to one of the Operating Divisions,
which are led or supervised by an Executive Vice-President,
supported by a SVP Finance.

The Executive Vice-Presidents leading or supervising the Operating
Divisions sit on the Executive Committee, which is chaired by the
Chairman and CEO of the Group.

Within each business unit, the management team organizes control
of operations, ensures that appropriate strategies are deployed to
achieve objectives, and tracks unit performance.

A Management Committee led by the corporate Management Control
and Accounting unit reviews the operations of the Operating Divisions
every month.

Global Functions and Division
(Human Resources, Supply Chain,
Information Systems, etc.)

In addition to specific processes or bodies such as the Group
Acquisitions Committee (see “Risk Factors” chapter 1, section 7)
for making and implementing strategic decisions and centralization
of certain functions within the Finance and Control — Legal Affairs
Department (see above), Schneider Electric centralizes certain
matters through dedicated Global Functions thus combining decision-
making and risk management at the corporate level.

A Technology Council, namely the Chief Technology Officers (CTO)
board, grouping all Divisional and Business Chief technology
officers as well as key Corporate Technology Functions involved in
Offer Creation & Research, meets monthly to ensure cross-divisional
coordination in setting the strategic direction for innovation
Additionally, this board gets it direction from the business unit
leaders who are a part of the Executive Committee. This has been
done to ensure a simple structure so that the technology can be
close to business and to maintain consistency across all divisions of
Schneider Electric.

The Human Resources Department is responsible for deploying
and ensuring the application of procedures concerning employee
development, promoting diversity and ensuring safe, healthy working
conditions. The department is also responsible for establishing
guidelines on rewards and compensation, hiring, on and off boarding,
learning, amongst other Human Resources related guidelines.

The Procurement Department within Supply Chain is responsible
for establishing guidelines concerning procurement organization
and procedures; relationships between buyers and vendors;
and procedures governing product quality, level of service, and
compliance with environmental standards and Group Principles of
Responsibility.

Global Functions and Division also issue, adapt and distribute policies,
target procedures and instructions to units and individuals assigned
to handle their specific duties. Global Functions have correspondents.
who work with the Internal Control Department to establish and update
the Key Internal Controls deployed across the Group.

EE = Distributing information: benchmarks and guidelines

The main internal control benchmarks are available to all employees,
including in the Group’s employee portal. Global Functions send
updates of these reference documents to the appropriate units and
individuals through their networks of correspondents.

In some cases, dedicated e-mails are sent out or messages are
posted on the employee portal to inform users about publications
or updates.

Whenever possible, the distribution network leverages the managerial
functional organization to distribute standards and guidelines.

Principles of Responsibility
See “Ethics & Responsibility” chapter 2, page 87.

Compliance code governing stock market
ethics

The compliance code sets out the rules to be followed by management
and employees to prevent insider trading. All employees who
have access to sensitive information are bound by a strict duty of
confidentiality. It also sets restrictions on purchases and sales of
Schneider Electric SE securities by persons who have regular or
occasional access to sensitive information in the course of their
duties (see “Organizational and operating procedures of the board
of directors”, chapter 3 section 2 on page 167). Such persons are
prohibited from trading in the Company's securities at any time if
they are in possession of price-sensitive information which has not
been made public and during specified periods prior to (and until
the day of) release of the Group's financial statements and quarterly
information on sales.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 38 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

International Internal Auditing Standards

The Internal Audit Department is committed to complying with the
international standards published by the Institute of Internal Auditors
(IIA) and other bodies.

International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS)

The consolidated financial statements for all fiscal years commencing
on and after January 1, 2005 have been prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), in compliance with
European Union regulation no.1606/2002

The Group applies IFRS standards as adopted by the European Union
as of December 31, 2017,

The Group's accounting principles reflect the underlying assumptions.
and qualitative characteristics identified in the IFRS accounting
framework: accrual accounting, business continuity, true and fair view,
rule of substance over form, neutrality, completeness, comparability,
relevance and intelligibility.

The Group statutory and management accounting standards manual
explains how IFRS principles are applied within the Group, taking into
account the specific characteristics of the Group's activities.

The application of Group accounting principles and methods is
mandatory for all Group units, for management reporting and statutory
consolidation.

The Group statutory and management accounting standards manual
and the IFRS principles are available via the employee portal.

Approval limits

Under current management practice, the Group has set approval
limits for Senior Management for certain decisions. Local management
will define the local approval matrix for relevant decisions within the
approval limits set by the Group.

Within this framework, business segment executives, functional,
operational and local managements therefore able to approve certain
decisions depending on the nature and threshold.

In addition, all transactions which by their size or nature could
affect the Group's fundamental interests, must be authorized in
advance by the board of directors, i.e., decisions relating to the
acquisition or disposal of holdings or assets for amounts greater

Internal control and risk management

than EUR250 million; decisions relating to strategic partnerships and
major changes of course in the strategy, and decisions relating to the
issuance of off-balance sheet commitments that exceed the limits
prescribed by the board.

Statutory and management reporting
principles

An integrated reporting and consolidation system applicable to all
Group companies and their management units has been in place
since January 1, 2006. Statutory and management reporting principles
and support tools are available on the Group employee portal.

The subsidiaries record their transactions in accordance with Group.
standards. Data are then adjusted, where necessary, to produce the
local statutory and tax accounts.

The reporting system includes consistency controls, a comparison
of the opening and closing balance sheets and items required to
analyze management results.

Key Internal Controls

A\list of Key Internal Controls was drawn up in 2008 and is reviewed
annually. They cover:

the Control Environment (including the Responsibility and Ethics
program, chart of authority, segregation of duties, business
continuity plan, retention of records and business agents);

operating processes (Procurement, Sales, Logistics, etc.);
accounting and financial related cycles;
¢ Human Resources and Information Systems cycles.

The Key Internal Controls are available to all units in the Group
employee portal and shared depository, along with appendices
with more detailed information, links to policy descriptions, an
explanation of the risks covered by each Key Internal Control and a
self-assessment guide.

For each cycle, the Key Internal Controls cover compliance, reliability,
risk prevention and management and process performance. The
operating units fill out self-assessment questionnaires concerning
the Key Internal Controls using a digitized tool.

For new acauisitions, the entities may continue with their existing
controls in transition before deploying the Key Internal Controls.

Risk identification and management

General risks at the Group level

The Internal Audit Department conducts interviews to update the list
of general risks at the Group level each year. In 2017, around 100 of
the Group's top managers were interviewed, in addition to external
views such as financial analysts and board members. Since 2016
individualized risk matrices by Operation or by Business have been
created.

The risks identified through these interviews are ranked by a risk
score (comprising impact and likelihood of occurrence) and level
of mitigation.

Risk factors related to the company’s business, as well as procedures
for managing and reducing those risks, are described in “Risk Factors”
These procedures are an integral part of the internal control system.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

59


--- Page 39 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

60

Internal control and risk management

The risk matrix and the analysis of changes from one year to the next
contribute to the development of an internal audit plan for the following
year. 78% of the risks categories identified in the Group's risk matrix
are audited by the Internal Audit Department over a period of 5 years
to assess action plans for managing and reducing these risks.

In 2017, overall risks relating to strategy and transformation have
stabilized or improved compared to operational, environmental and
regulations risks.

Local risks related to the company’s
business at the unit level

Local risks related to the company’s business are managed first and
foremost by the units in liaison with the Operating Divisions, based
on Group guidelines (particularly via the Key Internal Controls). Each
subsidiary is responsible for implementing procedures that provide
an adequate level of internal control.

The divisions implement cross-functional action plans for risk factors.
related to the company’s business identified as being recurrent in the
units or as having a material impact at the Group level, as appropriate.
The internal control system is adjusted to account for these risks.

The Group's insurance programs cover the remaining portion of
transferable risks.

Risks related to Solutions

The Solutions Risk Management Department defines and implements.
principles and tools designed to manage the contractual (such as
limitation of liabilities), technical (such as technical discrepancy
versus customer specifications) and financial risks (such as margin
slippage at solution execution phase).

The network of Solution Risk Managers assesses the risks of all
major projects in conjunction with the Tender Managers during the
preparation of offers.

Risk management by the Risk and
Insurance Department

The Risk and Insurance Department contributes to the internal
control system by defining and deploying a Group-wide insurance
strategy, as defined in “Risk Factors and Insurance Strategy”. The
insurance strategy includes the identification and quantification of the
main insurable risks, the determination of levels of retention and the
cost benefit analysis of the transfer options. The Risk and Insurance
Department also defines, proposes and implements action plans to
prevent these risks and protect assets.

Risk management by the Security
Department
The Group's Security Department defines corporate governance with

regard to loss prevention in the area of willful acts against property
and people.

To be more powerful and more balanced, a “Global Security-Group
Committee” was created in 2017, gathering together the Zone Security
Leaders (8 managers in total). Some of these leaders report directly to
the Global Security Department (Central & South America, South East
Europe, East Asia & Japan, Africa & Middle East) and some to local
management with functional reporting to Global Security Department
(North America, Greater India, CIS, France). In this respect and in
close cooperation with the Risk and Insurance Department, it is
directly involved in assessing the nature of such risk as well as
defining adequate prevention and protection measures.

The Security Department publishes internally a table of “Country
Risks” for use in security procedures that are mandatory for people
travelling, expatriates and local employees. On request, it provides
support to local teams for any security issues (site audit, expatriates
or local employee security, security on assignments, etc.)

It provides daily coordination with the Group's worldwide partner in the
field of medical and security assistance (International SOS & Controls
Risks — start of contract in January 2011) as well as in the field of
psychological support that is necessary to organize in some crisis
context (Eutelmed — start of contract in April 2015).

It brings its methodology to develop emergency plans (evacuation
plans, crisis management plans, business continuity plans, etc.) and
coordinates the corporate crisis team (SEECC - Schneider Electric
Emergency Coordination Center, created in 2009) each time that it
is activated.

The Security Department co-chairs the Fraud Committee alongside
the Internal Audit Department and the Legal Department and is
directly involved in combating internal fraud (managing and carrying
out internal investigations). The Security Department created in 2013
a Schneider Electric-Bureau of Investigation (SEBI) responsible
for investigations (internal and external fraud) within the Security
Department itself and in charge of supporting internal investigators as
well as defining methodology & procedures to conduct investigations
properly (in accordance with the law and to be efficient in gathering
evidence effectively).

The Security Function also participates in crisis management, in the
managing the corporate crisis cell and in supporting local entities (to
limit the consequences of the occurrence of certain risks such as civil
war, weather events, pandemics, attacks on people, terrorism, etc.)
In addition, it regularly organizes Security Audits (R&D centers,
head offices, sensitive plants, etc.)

Management of Information Systems risks

The Digital Security Function inside the Schneider Digital organization
defines and implements specific security policies for information
systems, ensuring systems and infrastructure hygiene, confidentiality,
integrity, availability and accountability of all our information and
technology assets. This department identifies critical risks, processes.
and information to prioritize, mitigate and secure Schneider Electric
assets and offers.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 40 ---

Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

ES Control procedures

In addition to the general missions already described, this section
describes specific measures taken in 2017 to improve the Group's
control system

Operating units

For internal control to be effective, everyone involved must understand
and continuously implement the Group's general guidelines and the
Key Internal Controls.

Training in Key Internal Controls continued in 2017 for those involved
for the first time in the annual self-assessment process: newly
promoted managers and units recently integrated. Operational
units, undertook self-assessment of compliance with the Key Internal
Controls governing their scope of operations.

The self-assessments conducted during the 2017 campaign covered
more than 90% of consolidated sales and made it possible to define
improvement plans in the operating units, when necessary. The
ultimate goal is that these evaluations should cover at least 90% of
consolidated sales each year.

The self-assessments are conducted in the units by each process
owner. Practices corresponding to the Key Internal Controls are
described and the entity is either compliant or not compliant with a
particular control. In 2017, based on the self-assessment, the level of
compliance improved by around 2 points versus 2016.

If a particular unit is not compliant in any of the controls, an action
plan is defined and implemented to achieve compliance. These action
plans are listed in the self-assessment report.

The unit's financial manager conducts a critical review of the self-
assessments by process, and certifies the quality of the overall
results. The self-evaluation is then also certified by the person in
charge of the unit.

The regional internal controllers carried out controls on site to assess
the reliability of self-assessments and conducts diagnostic missions
as requested by management.

Global Functions

In 2017, the Global Functions continued to set guidelines, issue
instructions and provide support.

For example:

@ the ethical risk matrix created in 2015 and updated in 2016
was requested for all entities. Results were analyzed in order
to support the implementation of action plans via the network
of Principles of Responsibility Advisor, depending on the level
of exposure which is calculated based on both internal and
external risk factors. External risks are based on internationally
recognized indexes on corruption, human rights abuses and
environmental pollution by countries. Internal risks are based on
the level of communication and implementation of the ethics &
compliance program, and company policies;

Internal control and risk management

the Security Department issued a new Global Security Directive
on “International Assignee Security in Risky Destinations”. This
new Directive is to define the impact of the Duty of Care regarding
this category of employees (commonly named “expatriates”) and
to define roles and responsibilities of all stakeholders involved
Risk management approach, guidance and recommendations
for host countries and all key stakeholders are also provided;

two Security Handbooks were also created: 1 for the use
of the Country President and 1 for the use of the Site/Facility
Manager. These Handbooks are to give the concerned manager
a comprehensive single document gathering all the Company's
relevant governance regarding Security;

the Global Security Department created new security positions
at zone level: North America, Central & South America, East Asia
& Pacific, South-East Europe. These new positions are to provide
more support to the local Security Managers or Correspondents.
and to the local Management in assessing risks and in defining
relevant security setups, means & procedures;

°

the Global Anti-Corruption Policy was updated and the Anti-
Corruption Code of Conduct was issued;

@ training on ethical topics continued for all employees, with a
specific focus on the most exposed functions and entities —
especially newly acquired companies. For more information, see
the “Ethics & Responsibility” chapter 2, page 87;

@ the Group chose and started to deploy Credit Management
and Trade Finance tools worldwide, to improve the follow up of
risks and commitments. A new organization was set up with a
Credit Manager and Treasury & Trade Expert in each zone to
enhance competency and control. A dashboard on Financing
and Treasury subjects is now issued on a quarterly basis.

Internal Control Department

The Internal Control Department continued to deploy the Key Internal
Controls — training and requests for self-assessments — throughout
the units, with the scope extended to cover new units.

In 2017, certain Key Internal Controls that were identified since 2015
as critical remained a focus and actions were taken to increase the
level of awareness and compliance.

The list of Key Internal Controls continues to evolve.

The software package for the management of self-assessment
questionnaires and follow-up action plans of internal audit and internal
control introduced in 2011 continues to be improved

The local Internal Control team consists of around 11 members
located in various geographies dedicated their efforts to improve
internal controls in the local entities.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

61


--- Page 41 ---

—@- Overview of the Group's strategy, markets and businesses

62

Internal control and risk management

The regional Internal Control team consists of 27 regional internal
controllers in 5 regions, who

perform the duties defined under the section “Organization
and management: key participants of internal control — Internal
Control Department” for the units in their geographical scope,
covering all Operational Departments;

¢ establish standardized procedures (e.g., for internal control
assignments, such as control cycles, documentation, scope
definition, work programs, etc.);

¢ completed more than 100 on-site inspection missions in 2017 to
assess the level of internal control and issuing the necessary
recommendations when needed.

Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department contributes to the analysis and to
strengthening the internal control system by:

mapping general risks;

verifying the effective application of Key Internal Controls during
audit assignments;

reviewing the audited unit's Internal Control self-assessment and
related action plans.

The audit assignments go beyond the Key Internal Controls, and

include an in-depth review of processes and their effectiveness.

Internal Audit also reviews newly acquired units to assess their level
of integration into the Group, the level of internal control and the
effectiveness of operational processes, as well as ensuring Group
rules and guidelines are properly applied, and more generally
compliance with the law.

A summary overview of the department's audits makes it possible
to identify any emerging or recurring risks that require new risk
management tools and methodologies or adjustments to existing
resources.

In 2017, Internal Audit performed 39 audits, including

audits of units;

audits of a number of risks or operating processes;
post-acquisition audits for newly acquired companies;

¢ analyses of internal control self-assessments by the audited
units;

follow-up audits to ensure recommendations are applied;
assistance assignments.

The most common findings and observations derived from these
audits relate to the following topics: awareness on the Principle
of Responsibilities and on the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamic
program, segregation of duties and access rights to the IT systems,
management of price conditions, alignment with the Chart of
Approval, solutions and projects bid management and margin control
at execution phase, security of payments, etc.

Fraud Committee

The Fraud Committee defines the policy against fraud and the process
of reporting and treating fraud and suspected fraud, including
changes in procedures or practices to avoid recurrence.

The limited Fraud Committee is composed of the Group General
Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer, Head of Global Security and
the Head of Internal Audit & Internal Controls; it meets on a monthly
basis as well as on ad hoc basis.

It deals with cases of fraud, corruption, conflict of interest, breach
of procedure, theft and related matters. All reported cases of fraud
are reported to the Fraud Committee.

The Fraud Committee decides on investigations that are managed
either locally by the Compliance Officer, or centrally by a member
of the Fraud Committee depending on the seriousness of the
incident and the level of management potentially involved. The
Fraud Committee ensures the implementation of the action plan, the
appropriate sanction as well as feedback for each proven case of
fraud. A report is written and updated regularly for this purpose. The
Fraud Committee presents an annual summary report to the Audit
Committee.

Internal control procedures governing the production and

processing of consolidated and individual company accounting

and financial information

In addition to:

its regulatory tasks;

@ its responsibility for overseeing the close of accounts across the
Group;

its audits of the Group's results with respect to set targets (see
“Internal Control Organization and Management: Finance and
Control — Legal Affairs Department’).

The Management Control and Accounting unit is tasked with
overseeing

@ the quality of reporting packages submitted monthly by
subsidiaries;

the results of programmed procedures;
the integrity of the consolidation system database.

In addition, the Management Control and Accounting unit ensures
that:

given that the Group consolidated financial statements are
finalized a few weeks after the annual and half-year balance
sheet date, subsidiaries perform a hard close at May 31, and
November 30, of each year so that most closing adjustments for
the period can be calculated in advance;

the scope of consolidation as well as the Group's interest and
the type of control (exclusive control, joint control, significant
influence, etc.) in each subsidiary, from which the consolidation
method results are determined in cooperation with the Legal
Affairs Department;

the Management Control and Accounting unit issues instructions
to the units on the closing process, including reporting deadlines,
required data and any necessary adjustments;

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 42 ---

a Business review

216

Trends in Schneider Electric's core markets

1. Trends in Schneider Electric’s core markets

In 2017 the industry market enjoyed a strong and broad-based
recovery across the Globe.

Global machinery production has benefited from investments
rebound in extraction, commodity processing and intermediate goods
industries, and continuing growth in consumer led sectors.

In Western Europe, the market recovery was driven by both internal
and external demand, supportive credit conditions and sharp decline
in political uncertainty.

Industry and machines manufacturers

lloT, Digitization and Cybersecurity were at the heart of discussions
and they will go on driving the industry by allowing costs optimization
with more creative and sustainable solutions, fit-for-purpose design
and digital transformation of operations.

Non-residential and residential buildings

Non residential buildings

In Western Europe, increased business confidence played a major
role in the market's recovery. In Germany, increased demand in the
automotive and retail sectors led to the growth. In France, the market
growth has improved, mainly thanks to the industrial, offices and retail
segments. However, growth of public building segments remained
negative.

In the US, the market continued its’ upward path, driven by office,
warehouse, healthcare and Educational segments. Construction in
transportation equipment and chemical segments has contracted.

In India, non-residential construction benefited from improved
business confidence and acceleration of foreign investments. In
Australia, non-residential construction growth has eased

In China, Non residential market growth has moderated, with
higher growth in office buildings and shopping complexes than in
manufacturing building.

Residential

In Western Europe, residential construction has continued to grow.
In Germany, low interest rates and demand related to migration
stimulated growth significantly. In France, the market has rebounded
sharply, driven by the government housing policy (both for new
construction and renovation) and low interest rates. On the supply
side, the delay between construction starts and permits has increased.

In the US, market has continued its upward trajectory, albeit at a
slowed pace than in 2016. Pace of expansion in housing starts cooled
after several years of strong growth following the 2007-2009 market
collapse. Reversely, renovation market accelerated in 2017, driven
by adaptation of new standards in breakers and repairs works post
hurricanes.

In India, residential construction picked up mainly due to pronounced
government efforts to provide affordable housing through PPP's.
and incentives. In Australia, growth in residential construction was.
underpinned by an increase in demand coming from a high level of
migration. Low costs of borrowing also encourage renovation activity.
In Australia, the market has slowed down.

In China, Residential market continued to grow in 2017 beyond
expectations, driven by Tier 2 to 4 cities.

Tier one cities market has declined is response to property cooling
measures.

On the contrary, in Tier 3 & 4 cities, residential construction growth
accelerated. The fear of missing out in the property price boom has
created an urgency to buy and resulted in a strong growth in housing
sales and then in housing starts.

Another major contributing factor was the Government shanty-town
renovation programme which has involved local Governments building
or contracting to build new low-income housing for residents.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 43 ---

FEB Utilities and Infrastructures

Electrical Utilities

Global energy policies are accelerating the shift towards a New World
of Energy, which will likely result in a gradual transformation of the
regulation, mission and business models of electric utilities. World-wide
electricity consumption is back to growth, but only in non-OECD
countries. In mature economies, energy efficiency gains on the demand
side have resulted in a flat or decreasing consumption trend.

The integration of decentralized renewables, mainly in the form of
rooftop PV and onshore wind farms is challenging T&D utilities for
their core planning and operation duties. Electricity self-consumption
from prosumers will require changes to be made to traditional
utility revenue model to allow them to invest in necessary network
reinforcement and build next-generation control systems in order to
maintain reliability and system security, while preparing for an ever
increasing penetration of distributed energy resources, including a
significant amount of electric vehicles.

Power generation investment priorities have shifted to renewable
energy, involving traditional utility investors as well as private investors
(IPP), with a greater participation of individual prosumers or energy
communities

Global investment in the utility sector remains healthy in all geographies,
both in the mature economies where system transformation and
renewable integration are the key drivers, as well as in new economies
where generation and network capacity build-up are essential. Digital
technologies are expanding at a faster pace throughout the utility
industry to meet those new challenges.

Data centers and Networks

Compute demand continued to shift from on-premise to off-premise
computing. That is, enterprises moving their compute load to either
leased space in colocation, where they house their own IT equipment,
or to Internet Giants, where they are renting platforms, infrastructure
and other products as a service. To add to this shift, the continued
growth of social media and ecommerce have triggered even more
growth in the off-premise market. Enterprises continue to maintain
hybrid environments between existing on-premise facilities and the off-
premise market through colocation service providers. With its strong
portfolio and global footprint, Schneider Electric is well positioned
for all markets of the hybrid data center environment and brings the
strengths of our Low Voltage/Medium Voltage, Building management
and IT business to serve those clients under the EcoStruxure for
datacenter architecture.

As internet usage continues to grow in bandwidth intensive
applications including video, social media, augmented reality and
the increasing adoption of the Internet of Things there will be an

Business review
Trends in Schneider Electric's core markets

Oil & Gas

The Brent oil price ended the year 2017 at a high point, close to
USD70, with an average price around USD54 for the year, in strong
growth versus 2016.

The major industry players have been engaged in a dramatic
reduction in their operating cost structures which have given a
profitable position at a USD50 oil price for new projects. Many are
claiming their breakeven costs are below USD40. The improved cost
position was achieved both by structural cost reduction but also by
more creative and sustainable ways to optimize, fit-for-purpose design
and digital transformation of operations.

At the current oil price and with the industry cost reductions and
improved operation, we expect renewed investments and increased
profitability.

The industry majors continue to be selective in their investments, while
optimizing their portfolios. The portfolio shift to gas assets is becoming
clearer as is the establishment of exploratory positions in renewables.

increased need for compute and storage at the edge of the network.
Schneider is a leader in distributed IT environments and with its
modular systems coupled with EcoStruxure IT software is in a strong
position to capture this next wave of computing.

The market for secure power in commercial and industrial applications
rebounded in 2017 showing strong growth in emerging markets.
Applications within the Oil & Gas, Transportation and Healthcare
segments in particular led in the recovery of the market. With strong
presence in key segments coupled with its global footprint, Schneider
continues to be well position in the commercial and industrial market.

Software and services remained strong in 2017 and led growth for
the IT Division. Digital platforms such as EcoStruxure IT continued
to gain market momentum, enabling protection of customers’ most
critical equipment through smart alarming, remote troubleshooting
and data-driven insights. Delivered by experts monitoring connected
data center assets 24/7 our software provides visibility and live data
directly to customers’ smartphones.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 44 ---

a Business review

218

Review of the consolidated financial statements

2. Review of the consolidated financial

statements

Review of business and consolidated statement of income

Acquisitions & divestments in 2016

On December 14, 2015, Schneider Electric announced that it has
signed an agreement to sell its Transportation business, to Kapsch
TrafficCom AG. On March 31*, 2016, the transaction was finalized
with a final sale price established at EUR31 million.

No acquisitions occurred in 2016 that had a significant impact on the
2017 financial statements.

Acquisitions & divestments during
the year

On April 3, 2017, the Group announced that it has signed
an agreement to sell its Telvent DTN business, to TBG AG. On
May 31°, 2017, the transaction was finalized with a final base sale
price established at USD900 million.

On July 27" 2017, Schneider Electric announced that it has signed an
agreement to acquire Asco Power Technologies ("ASCO"), a leader
in the Automatic Transfer Switch (“ATS”) market for a consideration
of circa USD1,250 million in an all cash transaction. The transaction
was finalized on October 31", 2017. ASCO has been consolidated
in full consolidation method in the Low Voltage (Building) business
since November 1*, 2017.

The Low Voltage (Building) business generated revenues of
EUR10,812 million, or 43% of the consolidated total. This represents
an increase of +3.3% on a reported basis, and an increase of
+4.4% on a like-for-like basis, with growth across all regions,
supported by new product launches and commercial actions. Final
Distribution & Wiring Devices reported a solid growth. The Group's
offers for Commercial & Industrial Buildings markets grew across all
regions, in particular in North America. Focus on Energy Efficiency
contributed to growth in Western Europe across countries and in Asia.
China and Rest of the World posted a strong growth.

Discontinued operations

On April 20, 2017, the Group announced the disposal of its Solar
activity. At the end of this ongoing process, the Group will have
a minority representation on Solar’s board. This activity used to
be reported within the Low Voltage (Building) business segment
of Schneider Electric. Solar activity net income (EUR(25) million)
and the estimated loss incurred from the disposal of the business
(EUR(69) million) have been reclassified to discontinued operations
in the Group consolidated financial statements. The comparative
information has been restated.

Changes in foreign exchange rates

Changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the euro had a negative
impact over the year. This effect amounts to negative EUR388 million
on consolidated revenue and to negative EUR124 million on adjusted
EBITA”.

Revenue

On December 31%, 2017, the consolidated revenue of Schneider
Electric totaled EUR24,743 million, an increase of 1.2% at current
scope and exchange rates compared to EUR24,459 million on
December 31*, 2016.

This variance breaks down into an organic increase of 3.2%, a net
scope effect of -0.4% and a negative exchange rate effect of -1.6%,
primarily due to the depreciation of the US dollar and the Chinese
yuan against the euro.

Changes in revenue by operating segment

The Industrial Automation (Industry) business generated
revenues of EURS,816 million, or 24% of the consolidated total. This
represents an increase of +6.0% on a reported basis and an increase
of +5.9% on a like-for-like basis. Industrial Automation reported
growth in all the regions, with a strong performance in products and
OEM, driven by channel initiatives. Process Automation get back to
growth as O&G stabilized and benefits from good dynamics in some
process & hybrid segments. Western Europe grew across the region
as OEM demand remain favorable. In Germany, Industrial automation
posted strong growth thanks to product sales through partners and
good project execution. In Asia-Pacific, Industrial Automation was
up due to continued strength in industrial demand from machine
manufacturers and end-users, with notably China performing strongly.
North America was up with the US and Canada growing while Mexico
declined. Rest of the World was up, driven mainly by Middle-East.

(1) Adjusted EBITA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Amortization of Purchase Accounting Intangibles) is earnings EBITA before amortization
and impairment of intangible assets from acquisitions, impairment of goodwill, other operating income and expenses and restructuring costs.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 45 ---

The Medium Voltage (Infrastructure) business generated
revenues of EUR4,500 million, or 18% of the consolidated total. This
represents a decrease of -8.5% on a reported basis, mainly due to
the disposal of DTN, and a decrease of -2.2% on a like-for-like basis,
impacted by selectivity initiatives on projects. Services revenues were
stable but orders were up mid-single digit. North America decreased,
while China posted a strong growth. Western Europe was flat, with
growth in France. Rest of the World was impacted by Middle-East
which suffered from a weak Oil & Gaz sector.

Gross profit

Gross profit increased from EUR9,358 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016 to EUR9,498 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, or +1.5%, mainly due to an increase in

and administrative expenses

Research and development expenses, excluding capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost
of sales, decreased by 4.9% from EUR527 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016 to EUR501 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. As a percentage of revenues, the net cost
of research and development decreased at 2.0% of revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2017 (2.2% for the year ended
December 31, 2016).

Total research and development expenses, including capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost of sales
(see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements) decreased by
2.2% from EUR1,209 million for the year ended December 31, 2016
to EUR1,183 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. As a
percentage of revenues, total research and development expenses
remained stable at 4.8% for the year ended December 31, 2017 (4.9%
for the year ended December 31, 2016).

Business review
Review of the consolidated financial statements

The Secure Power (IT) business generated revenues of
EUR3,615 million, or 15% of the consolidated total. This represents
an increase of +0.7% in a reported basis and an increase of +2.1%
on a like-for-like basis. The Datacenter market, led by Secure Power
channel, benefitted to the whole portfolio of the Group, with notably
a double-digit growth on Low & Medium Voltage technologies. New
Economies reported strong growth up to 7%, while Mature declined
slightly. Services posted a good growth.

productivity and actions on prices. As a percentage of revenues,
the gross margin remained stable at 38.4% in 2017 (versus 38.3%
in 2016).

Support function costs: research and development and selling, general

In 2017, the net effect of capitalized development costs and
amortization of capitalized development costs amounted to
EUR62 million on operating income versus EUR97 million in 2016

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 0.2%
from EUR5,333 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 to
EURS5,346 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. As a
percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased from 21.8% in 2016 to 21.6% in 2017.

Combined total support function costs, that is, research and
development expenses together with selling, general and
administrative costs, totaled EUR5,847 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 compared to EUR5,860 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016, a decrease of 0.2%. The support function costs
to sales ratio decreased from 24.0% for the year ended December 31,
2016 to 23.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 46 ---

a Business review

220

Review of the consolidated financial statements

Other operating income and expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2017, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net loss of EUR15 million, mainly due
to the impairment losses on assets (EUR92 million), costs linked
to acquisitions from previous years and disposals in the period
(EUR75 million), a EUR103 million gain on the curtailment and
settlement of employee benefit plans in the USA and in France, and
a EUR 108 million gain on asset disposals (mainly the disposal of
Telvent DTN).

Restructuring costs

NO
©

For the year ended December 31, 2016, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net loss of EUR63 million, mainly due
to the impairment losses on assets (EUR87 million), costs linked
to acquisitions from previous years and disposals in the period
(EUR36 million), a EUR31 million gain on the curtailment of employee
benefit plans in the USA and in Switzerland, and provisions release
following a transactional agreement.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, restructuring costs amounted to EUR286 million compared to EUR309 million for the year ended

December 31, 2016.

EBITA and Adjusted EBITA

We define EBITA as earnings before interest, taxes and amortization
of purchase accounting intangibles. EBITA comprises operating
profit before amortization and impairment of purchase accounting
intangible assets and before goodwill impairment.

We define adjusted EBITA as EBITA before restructuring costs
and before other operating income and expenses, which includes
acquisition, integration and separation costs.

Adjusted EBITA amounted to EUR3,651 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, compared to EUR3,498 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016, representing an increase of 4.4%, with
gross profit expansion combined with tight control of support function

costs more than offsetting the negative impact from foreign exchange
outlined in section 2.1. As a percentage of revenue, adjusted EBITA.
increased from 14.3% for the year ended December 31, 2016 to
14.8% for the year ended December 31, 2017.

EBITA increased by 7.1% from EUR3,126 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016 to EUR3,350 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, mainly linked to the Adjusted EBITA improvement,
combined with higher gains on employee benefit curtailments and
settlements in 2017 and, higher restructuring expenses in 2016. As a
percentage of revenue, EBITA increased to 13.5% in 2017 compared
with 12.8% in 2016.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 47 ---

Business review
Review of the consolidated financial statements

Adjusted EBITA by business segment

The following table sets out EBITA and adjusted EBITA by business segment:

Full year 2017

Industrial Medium Secure
Low Voltage Automation Voltage Power Corporate
(in millions of euros) (Building) (industry) (Infrastructure) (IT) costs Total
Revenue 10,812 5,816 4,500 3.615 : 24,743
Adjusted EBITA* 2,232 1,021 449 600 (651) 3,651
Adjusted EBITA% 20.6% 17.6% 10.0% 16.6% - 14.8%
* Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses (including acquisition, integration
and separation costs).
Full year 2016*
Industrial Medium Secure
Low Voltage Automation Voltage Power Corporate
(in millions of euros) (Building) (industry) (Infrastructure) (IT) costs Total
Revenue 10,466 5,485 4,919 3,589 : 24,459
Adjusted EBITA™* 2.117 918 477 604 (618) 3,498
Adjusted EBITA% 20.2% 16.7% 9.7% 16.8% - 14.3%

2016 figures were restated for discontinued operations, as noted in section 2.1

** Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses (including acquisition, integration

and separation costs)

Low Voltage (Building) business recorded an adjusted EBITA
margin of 20.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017, up 0.4 pt
compared to 20.2% for the year ended December 31, 2016, thanks
to sales organic growth and strong productivity.

Industrial Automation (Industry) business recorded an adjusted
EBITA margin of 17.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017, up
0.9 pt compared to 16.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016,
benefiting from improved volumes.

Medium Voltage (Infrastructure) business recorded an adjusted
EBITA margin of 10.0% for the year ended December 31, 2017,

Operating income (EBIT)

Operating income (EBIT) increased from EUR2,975 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016 to EUR3,210 million for the year ended

up 0.3 pt compared to 9.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016,
thanks to higher system gross margin and strong cost control

Secure Power (IT) business reported an adjusted EBITA margin of
16.6% for the year ended December 31, 2017, down 0.2 pt compared
with 16.8% margin for the year ended December 31, 2016, resilient
at high level.

Corporate costs amounted to EUR651 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 or 2.6% of Group revenues, a slight increase
compared to the year ended December 31, 2016 (2.5% of Group
revenues or EUR618 million).

December 31, 2017. This 7.9% increase is explained mainly by the
EBITA improvement.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

221


--- Page 48 ---

a Business review

222

Review of the consolidated financial statements

Net financial income/loss

Net financial loss amounted to EUR367 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, compared to EUR462 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The decrease in the net financial loss is mainly
explained by the losses generated by the foreign exchange decreasing

Tax

The effective tax rate was 21.1% for the year ended December 31,
2017, a decrease compared to 28.6% for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The corresponding tax expense decreased
from EUR719 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 to
EUR600 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.

In 2017, the tax reforms in the USA and in Belgium, as well as the
additional reform in France, led together to a positive adjustment in
the P&L for EUR12 million. This adjustment represents the Group's
best estimate of the impact of those reforms.

by EUR35 million, supplemented by a decrease in the cost of net
financial debt from EUR272 million for year ended December 31, 2016
to EUR219 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.

In 2016, the planned reduction of the Corporate Income Tax rate in
France from 34.43% to 28.92% following the passing of the Finance
Bill 2017 (“Loi de finances 2017”) leads to a negative adjustment of
the P&L at the end of 2016 for EUR(119) million.

Share of profit/(losses) of associates

The share of profit of associates increased from EUR34 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 to EUR61 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 mainly due to an increase in net income attributable to Delixi.

Non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests in net income for the year ended December 31, 2017 totaled EUR60 million, compared to EUR61 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016. This represented the share in net income attributable, in large part, to the non-controlling interests of certain

Chinese companies.

Profit for the period

Profit for the period attributable to the equity holders of the parent company amounted to EUR2,150 million for the year ended December 31, 2017,
that is, a 22.9% increase over the EUR1,750 million profit for the year ended December 31, 2016, mainly due to the improvement in EBITA

described in note 2.9.

Earnings per share

Earnings per share increased from EUR3.12 for the year ended December 31, 2016 to EUR3.85 for the year ended December 31, 2017.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 49 ---

Consolidated cash-flow
Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in operating
assets and liabilities amounted to EUR3,020 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, up 2.2% compared to EUR2,956 million for the
year ended December 31, 2016, and represented 12.2% of revenue
in 2017 compared with 12.1% in 2016.

The change in working capital used EUR79 million in cash in the year
ended December 31, 2017, compared to EUR1 million generated in
the year ended December 31, 2016.

In all, net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 0.5%
from EUR2,957 million in the year ended December 31, 2016 to
EUR2,941 million in the year ended December 31, 2017.

Investing Activities

Net capital expenditure, which included capitalized development
projects, decreased by 7.2% to EUR688 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017, compared to EUR741 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016, and represented 2.8% of revenues in 2017 (3.0%
in 2016)

Free cash-flow (cash provided by operating activities net of net
capital expenditure) amounted to EUR2,253 million in 2017 versus
EUR2,216 million in 2016.

Business review
Review of the consolidated financial statements

Cash conversion rate (free cash-flow over net income attributable to
the equity holders of the parent company on continuing operations)
was 105% in 2017 versus 118% in 2016 (adjusted for the impact of
tax adjustments described in note 2.11).

The effect of acquisitions and divestments during the year was a net
cash outflow amounting to EUR416 million in 2017. Our acquisitions
and divestments represented a net cash inflow of EUR47 million for
the year ended December 31, 2016, corresponding mainly to the
disposals described in note 2.1

Financing Activities

In 2017, the Group reimbursed bonds for EUR1,025 million and issued
a bond in euros for EUR740 million:

The net increase in other financial debts amounted to EUR111 million
during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to a net
decrease in other financial debts amounting to EUR794 million
during the year ended December 31, 2016. The dividend paid
by Schneider Electric was EUR1,133 million in the year ended
December 31, 2017, compared with EUR1,127 million in the year
ended December 31, 2016.

The Group purchased minority interests for EUR 141 million in 2017.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

223


--- Page 50 ---

a {a Business review

224

Review of the parent company financial statements

3. Review of the parent company financial

statements

Schneider Electric SE posted an operating loss of EUR14 million in
2017 compared with EUR16 million the previous year.

Interest expense net of interest income amounted to EUR106 million
versus EUR128 million the previous year.

Current loss amounted to EUR28 million in 2017 compared to a
current loss of EUR162 million in 2016.

The net profit stood at EUR121 million in 2017 compared with a net
loss of EUR100 million in 2016.

Equity before appropriation of net profit amounted to EUR7,893 million
at December 31, 2017 versus EUR8,745 million at the previous year-
end, after taking into account 2017 loss, dividend payments of
EUR1,133 million and share issues in an amount of EUR160 million.

4. Review of subsidiaries

Schneider Electric Industries SAS
Revenue totaled EUR3.5 billion in 2017 (EUR3.2 billion in 2016).

The subsidiary posted an operating gain of EUR94 million in 2017
compared with an operating gain of EUR115 million in 2016.

5. Outlook

In a positive environment, the Group targets to deliver strong organic
growth of adjusted EBITA in 2018, around the high-end of the +4%
to +7% bracket earlier communicated as the average yearly objective
for 2017-2019.

Net profit amounted to EUR1.2 billion in 2017 compared with
EUR264 million of net profit in 2016.

To deliver this strong performance the Group will balance both
levers of organic top line growth and adj. EBITA margin expansion.
Therefore, for 2018, the Group will target:

an organic top line growth between +3% to +5%; and

¢ an organic adj. EBITA margin expansion towards the upper
end of the +20bps to +50bps range targeted as yearly average
improvement for 2017-2019.

2017 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC
