

--- Page 1 ---

A.1 Business and economic environment

A.1.1 The Siemens Group

A.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS

OF PRESENTATION

We are a technology company with core activities in the fields of
electrification, automation and digitalization, and activities in
nearly all countries of the world. Siemens comprises Siemens AG,
a stock corporation under the Federal laws of Germany, as the
parent company and its subsidiaries. Our Company is incorpo-
rated in Germany, with our corporate headquarters situated in
Munich. As of September 30, 2017, Siemens had around 372,000
employees (part time employees are included proportionally).

Siemens has the following reportable segments: the Divisions
Power and Gas; Energy Management; Building Technologies;
Mobility; Digital Factory and Process Industries and Drives;
as well as the Strategic Units Healthineers and Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy, which together form our Industrial Business.
The Division Financial Services (SFS) supports the activities of
our Industrial Business and also conducts its own business with
external customers. As “global entrepreneurs” our Divisions and
Strategic Units carry business responsibility worldwide, including
with regard to their operating results.

Our reportable segments may do business with each other, lead-
ing to corresponding orders and revenue. Such orders and reve-
nue are eliminated on the Group level.

A.1.1.2_ BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

The Power and Gas Division offers a broad spectrum of products
and solutions for generating electricity from fossil fuels and for
producing and transporting oil and gas. The portfolio includes
gas turbines, steam turbines, generators to be applied to gas or
steam power plants, compressor trains, integrated power plant
solutions, and instrumentation and control systems for power
generation. Customers include public utilities and independent
power producers; companies in engineering, procurement and
construction that serve utilities and power producers; sovereign
and multinational oil companies; and industrial customers that
generate power for their own consumption (prosumers). Due to
the broad range of its offerings, the Division’s revenue mix may
vary from reporting period to reporting period depending on the
share of revenue attributable to products, solutions and services.
Because typical profitability levels differ among these three rev-
enue sources, the revenue mix in a reporting period accordingly
affects Division profit for that period. Several trends are affecting
the Division's businesses. The ongoing strong growth in demand
for renewable power generation and the associated volatility in
power generation shift market demand from fossil baseload
generation to highly flexible, highly efficient and affordable
gas power plants with low emissions, in particularly in Europe,
China, and the U.S. A second trend is that the development and

Combined Management Report

execution of large projects increasingly requires financing by the
original equipment manufacturer (OEM), including equity partic-
ipation, particularly in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa.
For the Division, this role is fulfilled by Financial Services, which
can offer customers a range of financing and equity options
backed by domain know-how. In addition, the markets of the
Division are strongly affected by changes in national energy reg-
ulations, such as support of renewable energy, the security of
supply through capacity markets or strategic reserve capacity,
carbon pricing and climate change targets, and energy and elec-
tricity market design. After years of strong public sector support
for renewable energy, the cost of energy and electricity as a com-
petitive factor is gaining more relevance in investment decisions
involving choices between renewable and fossil generation.

The Power Generation Services Division offers a comprehensive
set of services for products, solutions and technologies of the
Power and Gas Division, covering performance enhancements,
maintenance services, customer training and professional con-
sulting. Financial results of the Power and Gas Division include
the financial results of the Power Generation Services Division,
which itself is not a reportable segment. Based on this business
model, all discussions of the services business for Power and Gas
concern the Power Generation Services Division.

The Energy Management Division offers a wide spectrum of
software, products, systems, solutions, and services for transmit-
ting, distributing and managing electrical power and for provid-
ing intelligent power infrastructure. The Division’s customers
encompass a wide range of direct customers and channel part-
ners including power providers, transmission and distribution
system operators, industrial companies, infrastructure develop-
ers, construction companies, distributors and OEMs. Its activities
across many regional and vertical markets as well as its participa-
tion in long-cycle and short-cycle businesses provide a balanced
and resilient business mix. The Division’s revenue and portfolio
mix may vary across reporting periods. In particular, orders, rev-
enue and profit development can be influenced by the relative
contribution from its transmission solutions business. End cus-
tomers and OEMs use the Division’s offerings to process, transmit
and manage electrical power from the source down to various
load points along multiple voltage levels. The Division's distrib-
uted, intelligent solutions for smart grids enable a bidirectional
flow of energy and information, which, among other things, is
required for integrating fluctuating renewable energy sources,
electrical storage or manageable loads. Energy Management
generally benefits from major trends and changes in global elec-
trical power systems, in particular decarbonization, decentraliza-
tion and digitalization. Decarbonization involves the buildup of
generation capacities from renewable sources and the electrifi-
cation of heat and transport sectors. Another trend is decentral-
ization — the integration of wind power, photovoltaics, biomass,


--- Page 2 ---

storage and other intermittent or distributed energy resources
into highly efficient and reliable power networks. The digitaliza-
tion trend involves providing intelligent solutions for connectiv-
ity, the management of complex energy networks, and services
that are enabled by digital technologies.

The Building Technologies Division is a leading provider of au-
tomation technologies and digital services for safe, secure and
efficient buildings and infrastructures throughout their lifecycles.
The Division offers products, solutions, services and software for
fire safety, security, building automation, heating, ventilation, air
conditioning and energy management. The large customer base
is widely dispersed. It includes owners, operators and tenants for
both public and commercial buildings; building construction gen-
eral contractors; and system houses. Changes in the overall eco-
nomic environment generally have a delayed effect on the Divi-
sion’s business activities. Particularly in the solutions and service
businesses, Building Technologies is affected by changes in the
non-residential construction markets with a time lag of two to
four quarters.

The Mobility Division combines all Siemens businesses in the
area of passenger and freight transportation, including rail vehi-
cles, rail automation systems, rail electrification systems, road
traffic technology, digital solutions and related services. The Di-
vision also provides its customers with consulting, planning, fi-
nancing, construction, service and operation of turnkey mobility
systems. Moreover, Mobility offers integrated mobility solutions
for networking of different types of traffic systems. The principal
customers of the Mobility Division are public and state-owned
companies in the transportation and logistics sectors. Markets
served by Mobility are driven primarily by public spending. Cus-
tomers usually have multi-year planning and implementation
horizons, and their contract tenders therefore tend to be inde-
pendent of short-term economic trends.

In September 2017, Siemens and Alstom SA, France (Alstom)
signed a memorandum of understanding to combine Siemens’
mobility business including the rail traction drives business,
which is included in the Process Industries and Drives Division,
with the publicly listed company Alstom. The two businesses are
largely complementary in terms of activities and geographies.
The combined entity is expected to offer a significantly increased
range of diversified product and solution offerings to meet
multi-facetted, customer-specific needs. According to the mem-
orandum, Siemens will receive newly issued shares in the com-
bined company representing 50% of Alstom’s share capital as-
suming full dilution through exercise of all potentially dilutive
securities and share-based payment plans. Further, Siemens will
receive warrants allowing it to acquire Alstom shares represent-
ing 2% of its share capital, which can be exercised earliest four
years after closing of the transaction. The transaction will be sub-

ject to Alstom’s shareholders’ approval, anticipated in the second
quarter of calendar 2018. The transaction is also subject to clear-
ance from relevant antitrust and regulatory authorities. Closing
of the transaction is expected at the end of calendar 2018.

The Digital Factory Division offers a comprehensive product
portfolio and system solutions used in manufacturing industries,
complemented by product lifecycle and data-driven services.
These offerings enable customers to optimize entire value chains
from product design and development to production and ser-
vices. This is supplemented by the MindSphere platform that
connects machines and physical infrastructure to the digital
world. With its comprehensive offering, the Division supports
manufacturing companies with their transformation towards the
“Digital Enterprise,” resulting in increased flexibility and effi-
ciency of production processes and reduced time to market for
new products. The Division supplies customers mainly in discrete
and hybrid manufacturing industries. Changes in the level of cus-
tomer demand are strongly driven by macroeconomic cycles, and
can lead to significant short-term variation in the Division's prof-
itability. In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, Digital Factory fur-
ther strengthened and expanded its industrial software business
by acquiring Mentor Graphics Corporation (Mentor Graphics),
a U.S.-based provider of electronic design automation software.
For more information on the acquisition of Mentor Graphics, see
> NOTE 3 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. IN.
the first quarter of fiscal 2017, Digital Factory contributed its eCar
business to a newly formed joint venture, Valeo Siemens eAuto-
motive; Siemens’ share in the joint venture is reported within
Centrally managed portfolio activities (CMPA).

The Process Industries and Drives Division offers a comprehen-
sive product, software, solution and service portfolio for moving,
measuring, controlling and optimizing all kinds of mass flows.
With its know-how in vertical industries including oil and gas,
shipbuilding, mining, cement, fiber, chemicals, food and bever-
age, and pharmaceuticals, the Division increases productivity,
reliability and flexibility of machinery and installations along their
entire life cycle jointly with its customers. Based on data models
and analysis methods, Process Industries and Drives paves the
way together with its customers to create a “Digital Enterprise,”
from process simulation via plant design and documentation
through to asset and performance management. The Division's
offerings include an integrated portfolio with products, compo-
nents and systems such as couplings, gears, motors and convert-
ers, process instrumentation systems, process analytics devices,
wired and wireless communication, industrial identification and
power supplies up to systems level with decentralized control sys-
tems, industrial software as well as customized, application-spe-
cific systems and solutions. It also sells gears, couplings and drive
solutions to other Siemens Divisions and Strategic Units, which
use them in rail transport and wind turbines. Demand within the

Combined Management Report


--- Page 3 ---

industries served by the Division generally shows a delayed re-
sponse to changes in the overall economic environment. Even so,
the Division is strongly dependent on investment cycles in its key
industries. In commodity-based process industries such as oil and
gas or mining, these cycles are driven mainly by commodity price
fluctuations rather than changes in produced volumes.

As part of the above-mentioned memorandum of understanding
to combine Siemens’ mobility businesses with Alstom, Process
Industries and Drives will transfer its rail traction drives business
to the combined company.

Healthineers is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technol-
ogy to the healthcare industry and a leader in diagnostic imaging
and laboratory diagnostics. It provides medical technology and
software solutions as well as clinical consulting services, sup-
ported by a complete set of training and service offerings. This
comprehensive portfolio supports customers along the contin-
uum of care — from prevention and early detection to diagnosis,
treatment and follow-up care. Its business activities are to a cer-
tain extent resilient to short-term economic trends as large por-
tions of its revenue stem from recurring business. They are, how-
ever, dependent on regulatory and public policy developments
around the world. The global healthcare market served by
Healthineers is transforming, putting healthcare providers under
pressure for better outcomes at lower cost. Drivers of this trans-
formation include increasing societal resistance to healthcare
costs, payers becoming more professional, a shift to value-based
reimbursement, chronic disease burdens, and rapid scientific
progress. As a result, healthcare providers are consolidating into
networked structures, resulting in larger clinic and laboratory
chains — often internationally — which act increasingly like large
enterprises. Applying this industrial logic to the healthcare mar-
ket can lead to systematic improvements in quality, while at the
same time reducing costs. To capture these benefits, regulatory
schemes around the world increasingly seek to shift healthcare
incentive systems away from a basis in number of procedures to
a basis in outcomes achieved. In fiscal 2017, Healthineers was
organized into six business areas: Diagnostic Imaging, Laboratory
Diagnostics, Advanced Therapies, Ultrasound, Point of Care Diag-
nostics and Services. During fiscal 2017, the Managing Board of
Siemens AG announced that it intends to publicly list a minority
stake in the Healthineers business in the first half of calendar
2018, depending on market conditions.

Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy (SGRE) — In April 2017,
Siemens contributed its wind power business, including service,
into the publicly listed company Gamesa Corporaci6n Tecnoldgica,
S.A., Spain (Gamesa), and in return received newly issued shares
of the combined entity Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy, S.A.,
Spain. Siemens as majority shareholder holds 59% of the shares

Combined Management Report

of the combined entity. For more information on the merger, see
> NOTE 3 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The
merged businesses are highly complementary regarding global
footprint, existing product portfolios and technologies. SGRE of-
fers wind turbines utilizing various pitch and speed technologies,
and is active in the development, construction and sale of wind
farms. The current product offering comprises geared as well as
direct drive turbines, both for onshore and offshore application.
In addition, SGRE provides services for the management, opera-
tion and maintenance of wind farms. Its primary customers are
large utilities and independent power producers. SGRE’s revenue
mix may vary from reporting period to reporting period depend-
ing on the mix of onshore and offshore projects in the respective
periods. The share of renewable energy in the global energy mix
will continue to increase, but the trend toward evaluating com-
peting power sources using life-cycle costs will continue to put
pressure on the prices of wind power providers. To address this
trend, SGRE focuses on improving its supply chain and signifi-
cantly decreasing costs by leveraging synergies in the manufac-
turing footprint subsequent to the merger. A higher share of re-
newable energy in electrical grids also increases the demand for
predictability of the energy supply and increased capability for
integrating it into the overall energy mix, which SGRE addresses
by pursuing innovation areas such as digitalization.

The Financial Services (SFS) Division supports its customers’
investments with leasing solutions and equipment, project and
structured financing in the form of debt and equity investments.
Based on its comprehensive financing know-how and specialist
technology expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, SFS
provides financial solutions for Siemens customers as well as
other companies, and also manages financial risks of Siemens.
SFS operates the Corporate Treasury of the Siemens Group,
which includes managing liquidity, cash and interest risks as well
as certain foreign exchange, credit and commodities risks. Busi-
ness activities and tasks of Corporate Treasury are reported in
the segment information within Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

A.1.1.3, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Our research and development (R&D) activities are ultimately
geared to developing innovative, sustainable solutions for our
customers — and the Siemens businesses — and simultaneously
safeguarding our competitiveness. To this end, we are focusing
our R&D activities on a number of selected technologies and in-
novation fields. Examples include the following:

> The stable operating of power grids in the presence of inter-
mittent, renewable power generation depends, amongst
other factors, on further advances in power electronics as well
as the availability of economically viable large energy storage


--- Page 4 ---

units. These are also key ingredients for distributed energy
systems, which combine onsite generation with local con-
sumption to offer secure power supply at lower cost.

> Turbo machinery, switching gear and other power equipment
stand to benefit from novel materials enabling higher gener-
ation efficiency and fewer losses in power transmission and
distribution. In particular, the ability to print parts with novel
topologies using 3D printers embedded in an integrated, dig-
ital tool chain is a key innovation driver.

> Automation technologies continue to evolve. Our R&D activ-
ities aim to reduce engineering efforts, enhance flexibility and
increase our customers’ productivity.

> Future mobility systems will be increasingly electrified and
connected. Amongst others, our R&D efforts are aiming for
ubiquitous electric charging as well as the digitally supported
integration and management of multi-modal transportation
systems.

> An example of a disruptive development is electrically pow-
ered flight. In cooperation with Airbus, Siemens intends to
demonstrate by 2020 that electricity can be used to power
large planes.

> We are continuously adopting and developing foundational
digital technologies, such as data analytics and artificial intel-
ligence or modeling and simulation technologies. The former
are essential to generate value and impact out of the growing
amount of data generated in the field; the latter enable the
creation of a digital twin for physical products, systems and
infrastructures, e.g. for the purpose of virtually testing and
commissioning a system prior to building it.

> The growing connectivity of field devices gives rise to the In-
dustrial Internet of Things (IloT), and hence to the potential
for massively distributed industrial systems. With MindSphere,
we have introduced an open, cloud-based operating system
for this lloT. MindSphere allows our businesses, customers
and partners to develop and deploy applications and digital
services based on data gathered from assets, such as a prod-
uct or in the field, e.g. to predict equipment failure, increase
asset availability, improve product designs or increase product
or plant performances.

> We also invest in industrial cyber security — a key enabler for
the digitalization of industries as well as a growing source of
competitive advantage — and test the emerging blockchain
technology in various application scenarios.

Both within and beyond these focus areas, R&D activities are
carried out by cross-functional teams involving both our busi-
nesses and our central R&D department Corporate Technology
(CT). In addition, we work closely with scholars from leading
universities and research institutions. These partnerships, along
with close collaborations with start-up companies and the use of
crowd innovation methods, are an important part of Siemens’
open innovation concept.

Siemens’ unit for partnership with start-ups, next47, is focusing
on three pillars: Capital, Catalyst and Create. The unit provides
capital to help start-ups expand and scale. As a catalyst, next47
can accelerate growth for start-ups by making it easy to access
and use the powerful Siemens ecosystem. And next47 serves as
the creator of next-generation businesses for Siemens by build-
ing, buying and partnering with start-ups at any stage. The
next47 unit is focused on anticipating how technologies includ-
ing 3D printing, robotics and drones, artificial intelligence and
virtual reality will impact and potentially disrupt our end markets.
This intelligence enables Siemens and Siemens’ customers to
grow and thrive in the age of digitalization.

In fiscal 2017, we reported research and development expenses
of €5.2 billion, compared to €4.7 billion in fiscal 2016. The result-
ing R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D expenses and
revenue, was 6.2%, thus above the R &D intensity of 5.9% in fiscal
2016. Additions to capitalized development expenses amounted
to €0.4 billion in fiscal 2017, compared to €0.3 billion in fiscal
2016. As of September 30, 2017, Siemens held approximately
63,000 granted patents worldwide in its continuing operations.
As of September 30, 2016, we held approximately 59,800 granted
patents. On average, we had 37,800 R&D employees in fiscal
2017.

Research and Development in our Businesses

R&D at the Power and Gas Division concentrates on developing
products and solutions for enhancing efficiency, flexibility and
economy in power generation as well as in the oil and gas indus-
try. These products and solutions include turbomachinery — pri-
marily high-performance, low-emission gas turbines for single
operation or for combined cycle power plants — and compressor
solutions for various process industries. The Division’s current
technology initiative, which started in fiscal 2015, is aimed at
intensifying R&D in innovative materials, advanced manufactur-
ing methods and plant optimization. In fiscal 2017, Siemens
introduced a new 44-megawatt aeroderivative gas turbine for
mobile power generation which currently is the most powerful
mobile unit on the market. The Division announced that it
will test and validate its largest gas turbine (HL-class) under re-
al-world conditions. This will pave the way for achieving the next
level of efficiency; we aim for 63 percent efficiency near-term,
with a mid-term goal to reach 65 percent.

The R&D activities of our Energy Management Division focus on
preparing our portfolio for changes on all voltage levels in the
world of electricity. The increasing infeed of renewable energy to
power grids requires that those grids become more flexible and
efficient, particularly with distributed generation on the rise. The
digitalization of future grids will enable intelligent grid operation
and data-driven services. Our innovations are centered on power
electronics, digitalization and grid stabilization. The development

Combined Management Report


--- Page 5 ---

of new technologies, e.g. Process Bus communication for appli-
cations in energy management or NCITs (Non-Conventional
Instrument Transformer), enables a cost-effective investment
and economic operation of digital substations as well as a secure
and reliable grid operation.

R&D work at the Building Technologies Division focuses on op-
timizing comfort and operational and energy efficiency in build-
ings and infrastructures, protecting against fire and security
hazards, and minimizing related risks. We drive the digital trans-
formation of the building industry by creating open-standards-
based Building Information Modeling (BIM)-ready products and
services. Digitalization improves productivity across the entire
building life cycle, enabling new product ordering and configu-
ration options through our online store Siemens Industry Mall.
New mobile device apps close the feedback loop to building oc-
cupants, enabling increased comfort and safety with lower en-
ergy consumption. The digitalization portfolio will expand on the
basis of Siemens MindSphere.

The Mobility Division's R&D strategy aims to fulfill customers’
demand for maximum availability, high throughput and en-
hanced passenger experience. Although there is a growing need
for mobility worldwide, possibilities for building new roads and
railways are limited. Meeting the demand for mobility requires
intelligent solutions that make transport more efficient, safe and
environmentally friendly. Decarbonization and seamlessly con-
nected intermodal (e)mobility are key factors for the future of
transportation. Reflecting this, Mobility’s R&D activities empha-
size digitalization in developing state-of-the art mobility solu-
tions for rail and road combined with new business models such
as availability-as-a-service (AaaS) via our data analytics platform
Railigent and other MindSphere based applications. Together
with next47, Mobility invests in the future mobility landscape
together with other partners in areas such as sensor technolo-
gies, connectivity/loT solutions, software for intermodal trans-
port and additive manufacturing.

R&D activities at the Digital Factory Division are aimed at fur-
ther enhancing speed, flexibility, quality and efficiency within
companies of the discrete manufacturing industry. The key lever
is to automate and digitalize the entire value-added process —
from product development through production design to actual
production — with the highest possible IT security. The focus of
research lies on further developing the Digital Enterprise portfo-
lio. This involves preparing an integrated digital twin for physical
products, production processes and production facilities and
then implementing these facilities and efficiently manufacturing
the products in the real world. This close dovetailing between the
virtual and real worlds enables customers to simulate and opti-
mize their products, their machinery and facilities at an early
stage, while assuring high-performance production. The acquisi-

Combined Management Report

tion of Mentor Graphics further extends the possibilities of the
digital twin: In addition to designing and testing the mechanics
and software of new products, it is now also possible to develop
and simulate electrical and electronic systems in an integrated
way. A further core area of development is MindSphere, the
open, cloud-based operating system for the Industrial Internet of
Things (IloT). MindSphere is used as a basis for innovative appli-
cations (MindApps) and new digital services based on these
apps, such as predictive maintenance. Open application pro-
gramming interfaces (APIs) enable MindSphere users to easily
and efficiently develop and sell their own apps. MindSphere
therefore makes it possible for customers to clearly expand their
portfolios and tap into the additional business potential offered
by their installed base. A network of partners in the fields of app
development, connectivity and technology further enriches the
open ecosystem.

The R&D activities in the Process Industries and Drives Division
are continuously concentrating on the digital transformation of
products, solutions and services, especially via focused integra-
tion of information and communication technologies. The digital
enhancement of automation and drives platforms is a key en-
abler for additional customer value for all verticals in the process
industry, such as oil & gas, chemicals and pharmaceuticals. Exam-
ples are connecting motors to MindSphere and Digital Enterprise
for process industries. Increased operational efficiency and digi-
tal services such as condition monitoring or predictive mainte-
nance are examples for benefits in process plant operation. The
digitalization of our process automation and industrial commu-
nication portfolio includes a holistic industrial security concept.
Another central objective of our R&D activities is to further in-
crease energy efficiency while reducing the consumption of raw
materials and cutting emissions.

Healthineers’ R&D activities are strongly focused on the devel-
opment of innovative product lines which use new technologies
such as artificial intelligence. This will, amongst other results,
enable faster handling of medical information and can lead to
more precise and personalized clinical decisions. It also promises
added value: New computer algorithms can detect hidden pat-
terns in the data and give physicians valuable support for diagno-
sis and therapy decisions. Besides constantly innovating its port-
folio, Healthineers continuously extends existing products and
solutions. Diagnostics performance for customers improves with
systems such as the recently launched Atellica. This laboratory
diagnostics platform transports samples ten times faster than pre-
vious systems and it is also more flexible. Expanding the innova-
tion map beyond the established portfolio, and investing in new
ideas, strengthen the ability to tap opportunities in new fields.
The services business is expanding beyond product related ser-
vices by adding a digital services portfolio and increasing enter-
prise transformation services to help customers in their transition


--- Page 6 ---

to outcome-focused care. A major step forward is the Digital Eco-
system platform to link healthcare providers and solution provid-
ers with one another as well as to bring together their data, ap-
plications and services. Users gain new insights through data
analytics and use it to network with their peers.

The R&D efforts of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy are
focused on innovative products and solutions that allow it to take
the lead in wind power performance, improve competitiveness,
and build a stronger business case for its customers. Using digi-
talization, among other efforts, includes more intelligent moni-
toring and analysis of turbine conditions as well as smart diag-
nostic services.

A.1.2 Economic environment

A.1.2.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The global economy started to accelerate at the beginning of
fiscal 2017 and gained further momentum in the subsequent
quarters. Expansion of world gross domestic product (GDP),
which in 2016 was the weakest since the global financial crisis at
2.5%, is projected to rise to 3.1% in 2017 (based on market ex-
change rates).

The global upswing was broad-based on a regional and structural
basis. In both emerging markets and advanced countries, eco-
nomic activity gained strength. Growth forecasts for 2017 im-
proved in particular for Europe from 1.5% at the beginning of
fiscal 2017 to 2.3% and for China from 6.3% to 6.8%. The only
negative surprise was the Middle East region. The 2017 growth
projection decreased to 1.4% after starting at 2.8% at the begin-
ning of fiscal 2017. Lower oil prices and oil production cuts had
bigger impact than anticipated.

From a structural perspective, all components of GDP — private
consumption, fixed investment, trade and to a lesser extent
government expenditure — contributed to growth, giving the
acceleration of the global economy a solid and well balanced
foundation.

Uncertainties mainly stemming from (geo)political risks had very
limited effects on the global economy: International tensions
with North Korea and Iran increased; negotiations regarding the
U.K. leaving the European Union are complicated and separatist
tensions in Spain added significant uncertainty. These develop-
ments potentially weigh on investment decisions but this barely
materialized in fiscal 2017.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP and fixed
investments are based on an IHS Markit report dated Octo-
ber 15, 2017.

A.1,2.2. MARKET DEVELOPMENT

In a highly competitive market environment, markets served by
the Power and Gas Division declined significantly in fiscal 2017.
This development was again particularly evident in the market for
steam turbines where volume shrank substantially year-over-year
due to an ongoing shift from coal-fired to gas-fired and renew-
able power generation and due to emission regulation such as in
China. Volume in the market segment for large gas turbines also
declined substantially due mainly to delays of large projects in
the Middle East and customer restraint due to ongoing uncer-
tainty regarding changes in the market design and weak power
demand growth. Volume in compression markets remained on
a low level as customers continued to hold back investments.
The Division's competition consists mainly of two groups: a rela-
tively small number of equipment manufacturers, some with
very strong positions in their domestic markets, and on the other
hand a large number of engineering, procurement and construc-
tion contractors. The gas turbine market is experiencing overca-
pacity among OEMs and engineering, procurement and con-
struction contractors, which is leading to market consolidation.

Global markets addressed by the Energy Management Division
grew slightly in fiscal 2017. Weaknesses in the Middle East and
global commodity markets including oil and gas, metals and min-
ing were offset by growth in transmission interconnections, in-
telligent energy and storage solutions and critical infrastructure
such as data centers. North America and Asia were key growth
contributors. Markets in Europe showed stable development,
with pockets of growth such as integration of renewable energy
sources into the grid. Competitors of the Energy Management
Division consist mainly of a small number of large multinational
companies. International competition is increasing from manu-
facturers in emerging countries including China, India and Korea.

Markets for the Building Technologies Division grew solidly in
fiscal 2017. Growth was driven by solid demand from the U.S. and
Asia. Within the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, mar-
kets in the Middle East grew more strongly than the region over-
all. The recovery of the European market was weaker than ex-
pected but included stable growth in Germany. The Division’s
principal competitors are multinational companies. Its solutions
and services business also competes with system integrators and
small local companies. The Division faces continuing price pres-
sure, particularly in its solutions business, due to strong compe-
tition from system houses and some larger competitors.

Overall, markets for the Mobility Division remained strong in fis-
cal 2017, with different dynamics among the regions. Market
development in the Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East region was
characterized by continuing awards of mid-size and large orders,
particularly in Germany and the U.K. Demand in the Middle East

Combined Management Report


--- Page 7 ---

8

and Africa was held back by ongoing uncertainties related to
budget constraints and political climates. In the Americas region,
stable investment activities were driven by demand for urban
transport, especially in the U.S. Within the Asia, Australia region,
Chinese markets saw ongoing investments in high-speed trains,
urban transport and rail infrastructure, while India continues to
invest in modernizing the country’s transportation infrastruc-
ture. The Division's principal competitors are multinational com-
panies. Consolidation among Mobility’s competitors is continu-
ing. This has already led to the formation of a strong market
leader in China, which is changing global market dynamics.

Markets served by the Digital Factory Division returned to growth
in fiscal 2017. Within its main markets, global manufacturing pro-
duction grew moderately in real terms, driven mainly by consum-
er-related industries such as electronics and automotive and by
demand from infrastructure-related production industries.
Growth in the machine-building and equipment industries bene-
fited from a growing investment propensity. On a geographic
basis, the Division’s markets grew in all three reporting regions,
with the highest growth rates in the region Asia, Australia, par-
ticularly including China, where strong market growth also ben-
efited from governmental investment programs. The competition
for Digital Factory’s business activities can be grouped into two
categories: multinational companies that offer a relatively broad
portfolio and companies that are active only in certain geo-
graphic or product markets.

Market volume for the markets addressed by the Process Indus-
tries and Drives Division grew moderately in fiscal 2017. This
was due mainly to improved market conditions in global manu-
facturing production, particularly in China. Consumer-related
industries, such as food and beverage and pharmaceuticals, con-
tinued on their growth path. Growth in the Division's markets
overall continued to be held back by weakness in commodity-re-
lated industries such as oil and gas, metals and mining. Following
a recovery in raw materials prices at low levels in the first half of
fiscal 2017 and stable price development thereafter, the environ-
ment for capital expenditures began to improve towards the end
of the fiscal year in mining, oil and gas and, to a lesser extent, the
metals industry. The Division's competitors can be grouped into
two categories: multinational companies that offer a relatively
broad portfolio and companies that are active only in certain geo-
graphic or product markets. Consolidation is taking place mostly
in particular market segments and not across the broad base of
the Division’s portfolio. In particular, consolidation in solu-
tion-driven markets is going in the direction of in-depth niche

Combined Management Report

market expertise. Most major competitors have established
global bases for their businesses. In addition, the competition has
become increasingly focused on technological improvements
and cost position.

Markets served by Healthineers grew moderately in fiscal 2017
driven by growth in Latin America and Asia, Australia, including
further stabilization in China. In contrast, market volume in Eu-
rope and the U.S. remained near prior-year levels. The diagnostic
imaging market segment grew moderately. While demand for
imaging procedures continued to grow, this trend was partly off-
set by price pressure on new purchases and increased utilization
rates for installed systems. The markets for ultrasound and in-vi-
tro diagnostics grew even more strongly. The development in the
ultrasound market segment benefits from a wider range of appli-
cations and increasing patient access to diagnostic imaging tech-
nology. The market for in-vitro diagnostics is expanding due to
population and income growth in emerging markets and the
rising importance of diagnostics in improving healthcare quality.
Growth in the area of molecular diagnostics was particularly
strong, driven by technological advances and a broader spectrum
of applications. For the healthcare industry as a whole, the trend
towards consolidation continues. Competition among the lead-
ing companies is strong, including with respect to price.

Following a decline in market volume in fiscal 2016, the market
served by SGRE grew in fiscal 2017 due to higher demand in both
the onshore and the offshore markets, with the latter growing
faster. On a regional basis, growth was driven by the U.S. Market
growth in the region Asia, Australia, was held back by lower de-
mand in China, where the largest national wind market in the
world remains largely closed to foreign manufacturers, as well as
by a halt in the Indian market during the fiscal year following the
introduction of an auction system for new power generation con-
tracts. Market volume in the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle
East came in slightly lower year-over-year. The competitive situ-
ation in wind power differs in the two major market segments.
In the markets for onshore wind farms, competition is widely
dispersed without any one company holding a dominant share of
the market, while markets for offshore wind farms continue to be
served by a few experienced players. Consolidation is moving
forward in both on- and offshore segments, including exits of
smaller players. The key drivers of consolidation are increasing
price pressure as well as technology challenges and market ac-
cess challenges, which increase development costs and the im-
portance of risk-sharing in offshore wind power. Market develop-
ment continues to depend strongly on energy policy, including
tax incentives in the U.S. and regulatory frameworks in Germany
and the U.K. With continued technological progress and cost re-
duction, dependency on subsidy schemes is expected to decrease
even further.


--- Page 8 ---

A.2 Financial performance system

A.2.1 Overview

Within One Siemens, we have established a financial frame-
work — for revenue growth, for profitability and capital efficiency,
for our capital structure, and for our dividend policy.

A.2.2 Revenue growth

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to grow our rev-
enue faster than the average weighted revenue growth of our
most relevant competitors. Our primary measure for managing
and controlling our revenue growth is comparable growth, be-
cause it shows the development in our business net of currency
translation effects, which arise from the external environment
outside of our control, and portfolio effects, which involve busi-
ness activities which are either new to or no longer a part of our
business.

Currency translation effects are the difference between revenue
for the current period calculated using the exchange rates of the
current period and revenue for the current period calculated us-
ing the exchange rates of the comparison period. For calculating
the percentage change year-over-year, this absolute difference is
divided by revenue for the comparison period. A portfolio effect
arises in the case of an acquisition or a disposition and is calcu-
lated as the change year-over-year in revenue of the relevant
business resulting specifically from the acquisition or disposition.
For calculating the percentage change, this absolute change is
divided by revenue for the comparison period. For orders, we
apply the same calculations for currency translation and portfolio
effects as described above.

A.2.3 Profitability and capital
efficiency

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to achieve mar-
gins through the entire business cycle that are comparable to
those of our relevant competitors. Therefore, we have defined
profit margin ranges for our industrial businesses, which are
based on the profit margins of the respective relevant competi-
tors. Profit margin is defined as profit of the respective business
divided by its revenue.

a
Profit margin ranges

Margin range

Power and Gas 11-15%
Energy Management 710%
Building Technologies 811%
Mobility 6-9%
Digital Factory 14-20%
Process Industries and Drives 812%
Healthineers 15 - 19%
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 58%
SFS (ROE after tax) 15 - 20%

In line with common practice in the financial services business,
our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at the Fi-
nancial Services Division (SFS) is return on equity after tax, or
ROE after tax. ROE is defined as SFS' profit after tax, divided by
the Division's average allocated equity.

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This mea-
sure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS) from net
income, which we use in communication to the capital markets.

To emphasize and evaluate our continuous efforts to improve
productivity, we incorporated a measure called total cost produc-
tivity into our One Siemens framework. We define this measure
as the ratio of cost savings from defined productivity improve-
ment measures to the aggregate of functional costs for the
Siemens Group. We aim to achieve an annual value of 3% to 5%
for total cost productivity.

Within the framework of One Siemens, we seek to work profit-
ably and as efficiently as possible with the capital provided by our
shareholders and lenders. For purposes of managing and con-
trolling our capital efficiency, we use return on capital employed,
or ROCE, as our primary measure. We aim to achieve ROCE within
a range of 15% to 20%.

Combined Management Report

9


--- Page 9 ---

10

A.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. Accordingly, a key consideration within
the framework of One Siemens is to maintain ready access to the
capital markets through various debt products and preserve our
ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time. Our
primary measure for managing and controlling our capital struc-
ture is the ratio of industrial net debt to EBITDA. This financial
measure indicates the approximate amount of time in years that
would be needed to cover industrial net debt through income
from continuing operations, without taking into account inter-
est, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We aim to achieve a
ratio of up to 1.0.

A.2.5 Dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to our share-
holders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose dis-
tribution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to
60% of net income, which we may adjust for this purpose to ex-
clude selected exceptional non-cash effects. As in the past, we
intend to fund the dividend payout from Free cash flow.

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the follow-
ing proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for fiscal 2017: to distribute a dividend of €3.70 on
each share of no par value entitled to the dividend for fiscal year
2017 existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,
with the remaining amount to be carried forward. Payment of the
proposed dividend is contingent upon approval by Siemens
shareholders at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 31,
2018. The prior-year dividend was €3.60 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.70 per share for fiscal 2017 repre-
sents a total payout of €3.0 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on net income of €6.2 billion for
fiscal 2017, the dividend payout percentage is 49%.

Combined Management Report

A.2.6 Calculation of return
on capital employed

Calculation of ROCE

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2017 2016
Net income 6,179 4
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net! (568) (544)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income 799 784
Plus: Net interest expenses from
post-employment benefits 198 282
Less: Interest adjustments
(discontinued operations) - -
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments
(tax rate (flat) 30%) (129) 6)
(1) Income before interest after tax 6,479 5,949
(Il) Average capital employed 47,836 41,573
(1)/(l) ROCE 13.5% 14.3%

Item Other interest expenseslincome, net primarily consists of interest relating to corporate
debt, and related hedging activities, as well as interest income on corporate assets.

For purposes of calculating ROCE in interim periods, income be-
fore interest after tax is annualized. Average capital employed is
determined using the average of the respective balances as of
the quarterly reporting dates in the period under review.

a
Calculation of capital employed

Total equity

Plus: Long-term debt

Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt

Less: Cash and cash equivalents

Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets

Plus: Post-employment benefits
Less: SFS Debt
Less:

air value hedge accounting adjustment

Plus: Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and
liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

Less: Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated
actuarial gains/losses on post-employment benefits

Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)



--- Page 10 ---

A.3 Results of operations

A.3.1 Orders and revenue by region

Negative currency translation effects took one percentage point
each from order development and revenue growth; portfolio
transactions, primarily the merger of the wind power business
with Gamesa and the acquisition of Mentor Graphics, added two
percentage points to order development and three percentage
points to revenue growth. The resulting ratio of orders to revenue
(book-to-bill) for Siemens in fiscal 2017 was 1.03.

Orders were up significantly in the Asia, Australia region due to
growth in all industrial businesses other than Power and Gas, with
SGRE and Digital Factory recording the largest increases. A num-
ber of countries within the region posted significant growth.
China posted the largest increase, with order growth at Digital
Factory, SGRE and Process Industries and Drives partly offset by a
substantial decline in Energy Management.

a ——— ~~ _ _——————
Revenue (location of customer)

a Fiscal year % Change
Orders (location of customer) (in millions of © 2017 2016 ~~ Actual Comp.
Fiscal year % Change Europe, C.1.S., Africa, ~~

(in millions of © 2017 2016 Actual Comp. Middle East 43,367 4%

Europe, C1S., Africa, — therein: Germany 11,142 4%

Middle East 45,048 (2)% Americas 23,516
therein: Germany 13,943 32% therein: U.S. 16,976

Americas 22,921 24,794 (10)% Asia, Australia 16,166
therein: U.S. 16,905 6. (9)% therein: China 7,209 12%

Asia, Australia 17,700 13% Siemens 83,049 4% 3%
therein: China 7,484 6,850 10% therein: emerging

Siemens 85,669 86,480 (1)% (2)% markets’ 28,464 27,195 5% 3%
therein: emerging
markets? 27,239 30,448 (11)% ~——-(11)% 1. As defined by the international Monetary Fund

1 Asdefined by the International Monetary Fund.

Orders related to external customers came in only slightly below
the high level a year ago despite substantial, ongoing contraction
in markets for Power and Gas. The Division reported a sharply
lower volume from large orders compared to the prior year, when
it had won large contracts totaling €4.7 billion in Egypt. This fac-
tor also influenced the decline in emerging markets. All other
industrial businesses took in higher orders year-over-year. Digital
Factory and Mobility recorded double-digit order growth, while
higher orders at SGRE benefited from significant portfolio effects.

In the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East region, with the excep-
tion of Power and Gas, all industrial businesses posted order
growth, including double-digit growth in Mobility and Energy
Management. Orders came in substantially higher in Germany,
due to higher levels of large orders in SGRE, Energy Management
and Mobility compared to fiscal 2016.

Orders in the Americas region were down clearly year-over-year
ona substantial decline in Power and Gas. In addition, order intake
at Mobility declined significantly, while Building Technologies and
Digital Factory posted double-digit growth, the latter primarily due
to portfolio effects from the acquisition of Mentor Graphics. The
pattern of order development in the U.S. was roughly the same as
in the Americas region, with double-digit growth at Building Tech-
nologies and Digital Factory more than offset by substantial de-
clines in Power and Gas, Mobility and SGRE.

Revenue related to external customers went up moderately year-
over-year and increased in the majority of industrial businesses,
offsetting declines in Power and Gas and Process Industries and
Drives. Higher revenue at SGRE benefited from substantial port-
folio effects following the merger.

Growth drivers in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East included
SGRE, Digital Factory and Mobility. These increases were partly
offset by a clear revenue decline in Power and Gas. In Germany,
revenue was up with increases in the majority of industrial busi-
nesses partly offset by declines at Energy Management and
Power and Gas.

In the Americas, revenue came in higher year-over-year, driven
primarily by the merger with Gamesa, which brought new vol-
ume in Latin America, and revenue growth in Digital Factory and
Building Technologies. In the U.S., increases in Digital Factory,
Building Technologies and Mobility were offset by declines in
Power and Gas and in Process Industries and Drives.

Revenue in Asia, Australia was up clearly year-over-year,
as growth in Digital Factory, SGRE, Energy Management and
Healthineers was partly offset by declines in Power and Gas and
Mobility. China's growth outpaced the region overall, as all in-
dustrial businesses except Mobility recorded higher revenue,
with Digital Factory, SGRE and Energy Management posting the
highest increases.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 11 ---

12

A.3.2 Segment information analysis

A.3.2.1 POWER AND GAS

A.3.2.2 ENERGY MANAGEMENT

Fiscal year % Change
in millions of ©) 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Fiscal year % Change Orders 13,628 12,963 5% 5%
(in millions of ©) 2017 2016 = Actual. «= Comp. Revenue 12,277 11,940 3% 3%
Orders 13,422 19,454 (30)% Profit 932 895 4%
Revenue 15,467 (6) Profit margin 7.6% 7.5%
Profit 1,591 1872. (15)9
Profit margin 10.3% 11.4%

Orders declined substantially year-over-year, due mainly to a
sharply lower volume from large orders in the solutions business,
which had recorded large orders for power plants, including ser-
vice, from Egypt totaling €4.7 billion in fiscal 2016. In contracting
markets for the Division's offerings, order intake was down in all
businesses and in all three reporting regions. As a result of this
continuing market weakness, revenue declined clearly and in all
reporting regions, as a decrease in the new-unit business was
only partly offset by an increase in the service business. Profit
was significantly lower year-over-year despite a continuing
strong contribution from the service business, on reduced capac-
ity utilization following the weaker order intake, price declines,
and higher net charges related to project execution and comple-
tion year-over-year. In addition, profit in fiscal 2016 benefited
from positive effects totaling €130 million from revised estimates
related to resumption of long-term construction and service con-
tracts in Iran following the ending or easing of EU and U.S. sanc-
tions and €118 million from the measurement of inventories.
Costs for the integration of Dresser-Rand were €33 million in
fiscal 2017 compared to €59 million in fiscal 2016. Finally, sever-
ance charges were lower in fiscal 2017, at €19 million compared
to €69 million in fiscal 2016. Global energy trends continue to
structurally reduce overall demand in markets for the Division's
offerings, resulting in declining new-unit business and corre-
sponding price pressure due to current overcapacities.

Combined Management Report

Orders grew moderately year-over-year, due mainly to a higher
volume from large orders in the solutions business, including an
order totaling €0.8 billion for an offshore grid connection project
in Germany, an order totaling €0.6 billion for substations in Qatar
and a high-voltage direct current (HVDC) order totaling €0.4 bil-
lion in India. The medium voltage and systems business and the
low voltage and products business also posted higher orders
year-over-year. These increases were partly offset by declines in
the Division's other businesses. On a regional basis, orders were
up in all three reporting regions, predominantly in Europe, C.I.S.,
Africa, Middle East. Revenue was also up moderately with most
of the Division’s businesses recording moderate to clear in-
creases. On a regional basis, revenue increased in all three re-
porting regions, with significant growth in Asia, Australia. All of
the Division's businesses delivered a positive contribution to
profit, benefiting from lower severance charges that were
€39 million and €71 million in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respec-
tively. The high voltage products and transformer businesses
showed significant improvement year-over-year.


--- Page 12 ---

A.3.2.3 BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of © 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Orders 6,913 7 8%
Revenue 6,523 7%
Profit 784
Profit margin 12.0%

Successfully executing its growth initiatives in both the regions
and across its businesses, Building Technologies increased orders
and revenue and grew faster than its market and major compet-
itors. On a geographic basis, orders and revenue were up in all
three reporting regions with the strongest growth contribution
coming from the U.S. Profit and profitability increased due mainly
to higher revenue and improvements in productivity. Profit devel-
opment in fiscal 2017 benefited from a €94 million gain related
to pension plan amendments. Severance charges were similar in
both periods, at €18 million in fiscal 2017 and €16 million a year
earlier.

A.3.2.4 MOBILITY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of © 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Orders 8,963 7,875 16%
Revenue 8,099 7,825 6%
Profit 743 678
Profit margin 9.2% 8.7%

Order growth at Mobility was driven primarily by the rolling stock
business and supported by a higher volume from large orders.
The current period included a number of significant contract
wins in all three reporting regions, most notably in the region
Europe, C.I.S. Africa, Middle East region, including an order for
commuter rail and an order for a driverless metro, both in Austria,
and large orders for the Division’s new commuter rail platform
Mireo in Germany. In the Asia, Australia region, the Division won
a large turnkey project for the extension of a rapid transit system
in Thailand. The largest contract wins in fiscal 2016 included an
order for light rail vehicles in the U.S., a commuter rail contract
in Germany and a rail automation order in Algeria. While revenue
in the rolling stock business declined in the first half of the fiscal
year due mainly to timing factors related to large rail projects,
Mobility successfully executed on its large rolling stock and loco-
motive orders, resulting in double-digit revenue growth in the

rolling stock business in the second half. The Division’s rail infra-
structure business also contributed to revenue growth for the
whole fiscal year. On a geographic basis, revenue increases in
Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and the Americas more than
offset a decline in Asia, Australia, which reported a sharp drop in
China. Profit improved in the majority of the businesses, driven
by higher revenue and successful project execution. The increase
in severance charges, which were €46 million in the current pe-
riod up from €16 million a year earlier, was largely offset by a
€28 million gain related to pension plan amendments.

A.3.2.5 DIGITAL FACTORY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Orders 11,532. 10,332 12% 8%
Revenue 11,378 10,172 12% 9%
Profit 2,135 0 26%

Profit margin 18.8% 16.6%

In a more favorable market environment, Digital Factory in-
creased order intake and revenue in all its businesses year-over-
year. Improvements in the market conditions were most notable
in the automotive and the machine building industries, support-
ing an excellent performance by the Division's short-cycle busi-
nesses, which expanded their leading market positions during
the fiscal year. Orders and revenue in the product lifecycle man-
agement software (PLM) business grew substantially due to
strong demand combined with new volume resulting from the
acquisition of Mentor Graphics at the end of the second quarter
of fiscal 2017. On a geographic basis, orders and revenue were up
in all reporting regions, with the strongest increase from Asia,
Australia, particularly including China. The Division’s profit im-
provement was driven by the short-cycle businesses. Profit in the
PLM business was held back by ongoing expenses related to fur-
ther advancing Siemens’ MindSphere platform. Furthermore, the
business’ profitability was impacted by deferred revenue adjust-
ments and transaction and integration costs related to the acqui-
sition of Mentor Graphics, totaling €104 million. In fiscal 2016,
deferred revenue adjustments and transaction and integration
costs related to the acquisition of CD-adapco totaled €43 million.
Profit for the Division benefited from a gain of €175 million re-
lated to the eCar business, which Digital Factory contributed to
the joint venture Valeo Siemens eAutomotive. This positive effect
was partly offset by higher severance charges, which increased
to €134 million in fiscal 2017, up from €49 million in fiscal 2016.

Combined Management Report

13


--- Page 13 ---

14

A.3.2.6 PROCESS INDUSTRIES AND DRIVES

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2017 2016 Comp.
Orders 9,034 8,939 2%
Revenue 8,876 9,038 (1)%
Profit 440 243

Profit margin 5.0% 2.7

Orders for Process Industries and Drives increased slightly, as
growth in the process automation and solution businesses and
stabilization in demand for the Division's offerings in oil and gas
and other commodity-related markets towards the end of the
fiscal year more than offset a decline in demand for wind power
components during the course of fiscal 2017. A decline in reve-
nue in the solutions and the large drives businesses more than
offset revenue growth in the process automation business. On a
geographic basis, order growth came mainly from China, while
the decline in revenue was due to the Americas region. Profit for
the Division increased due primarily to sharply lower severance
charges year-over-year, which were €48 million in fiscal 2017,
down from €254 million in fiscal 2016. Within the Division’s busi-
nesses, the process automation business showed a strong oper-
ating performance. Overall, profit and profitability for the Divi-
sion were held back by ongoing operational challenges,
particularly in the large drives business, and by charges related
to capacity adjustments.

A.3.2.7 HEALTHINEERS

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of © 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Orders 14,218 13,830 3% 4%
Revenue 13,789 13,535 2% 3%
Profit 2,490 325 7%

Profit margin 18.1% 17.2

Order intake grew moderately on increases in a majority of the
businesses, led by the diagnostic imaging business. On a re-
gional basis, Europe, C.1.S., Africa and Middle East posted the
highest increase, followed by growth in Asia, Australia, driven by
China. Revenue was also up in a majority of the businesses,
again led by the diagnostic imaging business. On a geographic
basis, China accounted for more than half of the revenue in-
crease year-over-year. Profit growth was driven by the diagnostic

Combined Management Report

imaging business, which continued to account for the largest
share of Healthineers profit overall, and by the advanced thera-
pies business. Profit benefited from currency tailwinds in both
periods. Severance charges were €57 million in fiscal 2017 and
€61 million in fiscal 2016.

A.3.2.8 SIEMENS GAMESA RENEWABLE ENERGY

Fiscal year % Change
(in millions of € 2017 2016 Actual Comp.
Orders 8,768 7,973 10% (2)
Revenue 7,922 5,976 33% 7%
Profit 338 (27)%

Profit margin 4.3% 7.8%

Portfolio effects from the merger added 13 percentage points
to order growth and 28 percentage points to revenue growth.
Reported orders were up year-over-year on growth in Asia,
Australia, while orders in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East and
the Americas were close to the prior-year level. Order intake in
the major onshore market India was impacted by the introduc-
tion of an auction system for new wind-farm tenders. Reported
revenue was up in all three reporting regions. Lower profit year-
over-year included burdens of €134 million, primarily from in-
ventory write-downs, and €103 million for integration costs and
capacity adjustments including severance. Profitability was held
back by sharp price declines in India and the U.S.


--- Page 14 ---

A.3.2.9 FINANCIAL SERVICES

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2017 2016
Income before income taxes 639 653
ROE (after taxes) 19.9% 21.6%

Sep 30,
(in millions of €) 2017 2016
Total assets 26,390 26,446

Financial Services (SFS) again delivered strong earnings includ-
ing lower credit hits. Within the equity business, the current year
included a gain from the sale of SFS’s stake in an offshore wind-
farm project, while the prior year included a larger positive ef-
fect, €92 million, resulting from an at-equity investment. Despite
growth in new business, total assets were on the level of the end
of fiscal 2016, due mainly to substantial early terminations of fi-
nancings along with negative currency translation effects.

A.3.2.10 RECONCILIATION TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Profit

Fiscal year
(in millions of © 2017 2016
Centrally managed portfolio activities 488 (215)
Siemens Real Estate 187 132
Corporate items. (714) (44
Centrally carried pension expense (407)
Amortization of intangible assets
acquired in business combinations (1,016) (674)
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury
and other reconciling items (323)
Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements (1,785) (1,994)

The positive swing at Centrally managed portfolio activities
(CMPA) related primarily to the measurement of a major asset
retirement obligation, including a net gain of €364 million result-
ing from interest rate effects and €312 million attributable mainly
to a reduced expected inflation rate. These positive effects were
partly offset by higher losses from at-equity investments includ-
ing a €230 million impairment of Siemens’ stake in Primetals
Technologies Ltd. in fiscal 2017, related to continuing adverse
conditions in the market environment. Additionally in the current

period we recorded gains from reversals of provisions for guaran-
tees related to a previous divestment. Effective with the begin-
ning of fiscal 2018, CMPA includes the Olkiluoto project in Finland
which was formerly part of Power and Gas.

Corporate items were influenced by a number of factors, includ-
ing severance charges of €71 million (€43 million in fiscal 2016)
for corporate reorganization of support functions as well as ex-
penses in connection with creation of next47 beginning in Octo-
ber 2016.

The increase of Amortization of intangible assets acquired in

business combinations related mainly to the merger with
Gamesa and the acquisition of Mentor Graphics.

Combined Management Report

15


--- Page 15 ---

16

A.3.3 Income

Fiscal year

(in millions of €, earnings per share in €) 2017 2016 % Change

Power and Gas 1,591 1,872 (15)%
Energy Management 932 895
Building Technologies 784 577
Mobility 743 678
Digital Factory 2,135 1,690
Process Industries and Drives 440 243
Healthineers 2,490 2,325
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 338 464
Industrial Business 9,453 8,744
Profit margin Industrial Business 11.2% 10.8%
Financial Services (SFS) 639 653
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (1,785) (1,994)
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 8,306 7,404
Income tax expenses (2,180) (2,008)
Income from continuing operations 6,126 5,396
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 53 188
Net income 6,179 5,584
Basic earnings per share 7.44 6.74
ROCE 13.5% 14.3%

As a result of the development described for the segments,
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
increased 12%. This amount also included higher expenses — as
planned — for selling and R&D, primarily at Digital Factory and
Healthineers, as we continued targeted investments aimed at
organic volume growth and strengthening our capacities for in-
novation, such as for MindSphere at Digital Factory and Atellica
at Healthineers. Severance charges for continuing operations
were €466 million, of which €385 million were in the Industrial
Business. In fiscal 2016, severance charges for continuing opera-
tions were €598 million, of which €541 million were in the Indus-
trial Business.

The tax rate for fiscal 2017 was 26%, positively influenced by uti-
lization of previously impaired tax loss carryforwards and by de-
cisions arising from tax audits. The tax rate 27% in the prior year
was positively influenced by successful appeals of tax decisions
for prior years. As a result, Income from continuing operations
increased 14%.

Combined Management Report

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes
was sharply lower compared to the prior year. In fiscal 2016, it
primarily included a gain of €102 million from the sale of the re-
maining assets in the hearing aid business and €76 million re-
lated to the former Siemens IT Solutions and Services activities.

The increase in Basic earnings per share reflects the higher net
income compared to fiscal 2016, while the weighted average
number of shares outstanding increased slightly year-over-year.
At 13.5%, ROCE was below the range established in our One
Siemens financial framework, as expected. The decline year-over-
year was due primarily to the merger with Gamesa and the acqui-
sition of Mentor Graphics, which led to a significant increase in
average capital employed (the denominator for ROCE). Net in-
come, the main component for the numerator, was also nega-
tively affected by burdens related to these transactions.


--- Page 16 ---

A.4 Net assets position

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2017 2016 % Change
Cash and cash equivalents 8,375 10,604 (21)%
Available-for-sale financial assets 1,242 1,293 (4)%
Trade and other receivables 17,160 16,287 5%
Other current financial assets 7,664 6,800 13%
Inventories 19,942 18,160 10%
Current income tax assets 1,098 790 39%
Other current assets 1,467 1,204 22%
Assets classified as held for disposal 1,482 190 >200%

Total current assets 58,429 55,329 6%
Goodwill 27,906 24,159 16%
Other intangible assets 10,926 7,742 41%
Property, plant and equipment 10,977 10,157 8%
Investments accounted for using the equity method 2,727 3,012 (9)%
Other financial assets 19,044 20,610 (8)%
Deferred tax assets 2,297 3,431 (33)%
Other assets 1,498 1,279 17%

Total non-current assets 75,375 70,388 7%

Total assets 133,804 125,717 6%

Our total assets in fiscal 2017 were influenced by negative cur-
rency translation effects of €4.7 billion, led by the U.S. dollar.

In fiscal 2017, the acquisition of Mentor Graphics and the merger
with Gamesa were the major factors related to the increase in
trade and other receivables, partly offset by the Power and Gas
Division due to declining business volume. While these transac-
tions were also the largest factors for the increased goodwill and
other intangible assets, the increase in inventories was mainly
driven by the merger with Gamesa.

The increase in other current financial assets was driven by
higher loans receivable at SFS, which were mainly due to new
business and reclassification of non-current loans receivable.

Assets classified as held for disposal increased mainly due to
reclassification of shares in OSRAM Licht AG (OSRAM) in an

amount of €1.2 billion from other financial assets.

Deferred tax assets decreased mainly due to income tax effects
related to remeasurement of defined benefits plans.

Combined Management Report

7


--- Page 17 ---

18

A.5 Financial position

A.5.1 Capital structure

Our capital structure developed as follows:

Sep 30,

(in millions of © 2017 2016 % Change
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 5,447 6,206 (12)%
Trade payables 9,755 8,048 21%
Other current financial liabilities 1,444 1,933 (25)%
Current provisions 4,247 4,166 2%
Current income tax liabilities 2,355 2,085 13%
Other current liabilities 20,049 20,437 (2)%
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal 97 40 139%

Total current liabilities 43,394 42,916 1%
Long-term debt 26,777 24,761 8%
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 9,582 13,695, (30)%
Deferred tax liabilities 1,599 829 93%
Provisions 4,579 5,087 (10)%
Other financial liabilities 902 1,142 (21)%
Other liabilities 2,445 2,471 (1)%

Total non-current liabilities 45,884 47,986 (4)%

Total liabilities 89,278 90,901 (2)%
Debt ratio 67% 72%

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 43,089 34,211 26%
Equity ratio 33% 28%

Non-controlling interests 1,438 605 138%

Total liabilities and equity 133,804 125,717 6%

The decrease in short-term debt and current maturities of
long-term debt was due mainly to the repayment of fixed-rate
instruments totaling €4.9 billion. This was partly offset by reclas-
sifications of long-term fixed-/floating-rate instruments totaling
€3.7 billion.

The increase in trade payables was due mainly to the merger
with Gamesa.

Long-term debt increased mainly due to the issuance of fixed-/
floating-rate instruments totaling US$7.5 billion (€7.0 billion)
in seven tranches with different maturities of up to 30 years.
This was partly offset by the above mentioned reclassifications to
short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt.

Provisions for pensions and similar obligations fell on a reduc-

tion of Siemens’ defined benefit obligation (DBO) mainly due to
increased discount rate assumptions.

Combined Management Report

The merger with Gamesa and the acquisition of Mentor Graphics
were the primary factors in the increase in deferred tax liabili-
ties. While the merger with Gamesa also brought substantial
new provisions, this effect was more than offset by positive
factors — mainly related to a major asset retirement obligation —
resulting in a net decrease.

The main factors for the change in total equity attributable to
shareholders of Siemens AG were €6.0 billion in net income
attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG, €2.5 billion in other
comprehensive income, net of income taxes, mainly due to
remeasurements of defined benefit plans, and €2.5 billion in
changes in equity resulting from the merger with Gamesa. This
increase was partly offset by dividend payments of €2.9 billion
(for fiscal 2016).

The increase in non-controlling interests was due mainly to
the merger with Gamesa.


--- Page 18 ---

Capital structure ratio

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2017 decreased to
0.9 from 1.0 a year earlier, both results being in line with the
target established in our One Siemens financial framework. The
change was due primarily to the above-mentioned decrease of
provisions for pensions and similar obligations.

In November 2015, we announced a share buyback of up to
€3 billion ending at the latest on November 15, 2018. The buy-
backs will be made under the current authorization granted at
the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Shares
repurchased may be used solely for retirement; for issuing shares
to employees, to members of the Managing Board and board
members of affiliated companies; and for servicing/securing the
obligations or rights from or in connection with convertible
bonds or warrant bonds. In fiscal 2017 we repurchased 7,922,129
treasury shares under the program at an average cost per share
of €117.85, totaling €0.9 billion (including incidental transaction
charges).

Debt and credit facilities

As of September 30, 2017 we recorded, in total, €28.8 billion in
notes and bonds (maturing until 2047), €2.5 billion in loans from
banks (maturing until 2027), €0.8 billion in other financial in-
debtedness (maturing until 2029) and €0.1 billion in obligations
under finance leases. Notes, bonds and loans from banks were
issued mainly in U.S. dollar and euro, and to a lower extent in the
British pound.

We have credit facilities totaling €7.8 billion which were unused
as of September 30, 2017.

For further information about our debt see -> NoTE15 in B.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. For further informa-
tion about the functions and objectives of our financial risk man-
agement see > NOTE 24 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

Off-balance-sheet commitments

As of September 30, 2017 the undiscounted amount of maximum
potential future payments related primarily to credit guarantees
and guarantees of third-party performance amounted to €3.1 bil-
lion (September 30, 2016: €3.7 billion).

In addition to these commitments, we issued other guarantees.
To the extent future claims are not considered remote, maximum
future payments from these commitments amount to €0.6 bil-
lion (September 30, 2016: €0.9 billion). The decrease in other
guarantees is related to indemnifications issued in connection
with dispositions of businesses.

Future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases amounted to €3.3 billion (September 30, 2016: €3.5 bil-
lion).

Irrevocable loan commitments amounted to €3.4 billion (Sep-
tember 30, 2016: €3.4 billion). A considerable portion of these
commitments resulted from asset-based lending transactions,
meaning that the respective loans can be drawn only after the
borrower has provided sufficient collateral.

Combined Management Report

19


--- Page 19 ---

20

A.5.2 Cash flows

Fiscal year
(in millions of €) 2017
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income 6,179
Change in operating net working capital (1,595)
Other reconciling items to cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 2,641
Cash flows from operating activities — continuing operations 7,225
Cash flows from operating activities — discontinued operations (50)
Cash flows from operating activities — continuing and discontinued operations 7,176
Cash flows from investing activities
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,406)
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (4,385)
Change in receivables from financing activities of SFS (686)
Other purchases of assets (1,382)
Other disposals of assets 1,404
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing operations (7,456)
Cash flows from investing activities — discontinued operations @
Cash flows from investing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (7,457)
Cash flows from financing activities
Purchase of treasury shares (931)
Re-issuance of treasury shares and other transactions with owners 1,123
Issuance of long-term debt 6,958
Repayment of long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) (4,868)
Change in short-term debt and other financing activities 260
Interest paid (1,000)
Dividends paid to shareholders of Siemens AG (2,914)
Dividends attributable to non-controlling interests (187)
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing operations (1,560)
Cash flows from financing activities — discontinued operations -
Cash flows from financing activities — continuing and discontinued operations (1,560)

The conversion of profit into cash inflows from operating activ-
ities was mainly driven by Healthineers and the Digital Factory
Division. This conversion was held back by a build-up of operat-
ing net working capital primarily due to an increase in invento-
ries at SGRE and a decrease in billings in excess of costs and esti-
mated earnings on uncompleted contracts and related advances
at the Power and Gas Division.

The cash outflows for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash
acquired, primarily included payments totaling €4.1 billion re-

lated to the acquisition of Mentor Graphics.

The cash outflows for other purchases of assets primarily in-
cluded additions of assets eligible as central bank collateral and

Combined Management Report

to payments related to several investments such as in connection
with our Bentley Systems strategic alliance and the Valeo Siemens
eAutomotive joint venture.

The cash inflows from other disposals of assets primarily in-
cluded disposals from above-mentioned eligible collateral, pro-
ceeds from real estate disposals at SRE and from the sale of invest-
ments such as the stake in an offshore windfarm project at SFS.

The cash inflows from the re-issuance of treasury shares and
other transactions with owners resulted from the exercise of
warrants in connection with the redemption of the US$1.5 billion
bonds with warrant units.


--- Page 20 ---

We report Free cash flow as a supplemental liquidity measure:

Free cash flow

Fiscal year 2017

Continuing Discontinued Continuing and
(in millions of €) operations operations discontinued operations
Cash flows from operating activities 7,225 (50) 7,176
Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment (2,406) - (2,406)
Free cash flow 4,819 (50) 4,769

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows, our
total liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents as well as
available-for-sale financial assets) of €9.6 billion, our €7.8 billion
in unused lines of credit, and our credit ratings at year-end, we
believe that we have sufficient flexibility to fund our capital re-
quirements. Also in our opinion, our operating net working cap-
ital is sufficient for our present requirements.

Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment
from continuing operations totaled €2.4 billion in fiscal 2017.
Within the Industrial Business, ongoing investments related
mainly to technological innovations; extending our capacities for
designing, manufacturing and marketing new solutions; improv-
ing productivity; and replacements of fixed assets. These invest-
ments amounted to €1.8 billion in fiscal 2017. The remaining
portion in fiscal 2017 related mainly to SRE, including significant
amounts related to office projects such as new office buildings in
Germany. SRE is responsible for uniform and comprehensive
management of Company real estate worldwide (except for
SGRE), and supports the Industrial Business and corporate activ-
ities with customer-specific real estate solutions.

With regard to capital expenditures for continuing operations, we
expect a significant spending increase in fiscal 2018. In addition,
we plan to invest significant amounts in coming years in attrac-
tive innovation fields in connection with next47.

Focus areas of ongoing investing activities of the Industrial Busi-
ness are:

The investments of Power and Gas are focused on the enhance-
ment of productivity and selective strategic localization. Invest-
ing activities mainly relate to our gas turbines and turbine com-
ponents.

Energy Managementis spending the larger portion of its capital
expenditures for innovation, particularly in digital and low-volt-
age grid edge products and solutions. Further investments are
primarily related to the replacement of fixed assets, the expan-
sion or relocation of factories and technical equipment.

The investments of Building Technologies relate mainly to the
products and systems business, particularly innovation projects
such as control and digital platforms.

Mobility’s investments focus mainly on meeting project de-
mands and maintaining or enhancing its production facilities.

Major spending of Digital Factory in fiscal 2017 related to the
factory automation, motion control systems, software and con-
trol products businesses, including investments in production
facilities in China. The portion of capital expenditures associated
with software is expected to increase considerably in fiscal 2018.

Process Industries and Drives makes most of its capital expen-
ditures for the purpose of rationalization, replacement, and ad-
justment of innovative new or successor products, particularly
in Europe.

Healthineers’ investments are driven mainly by enhancing com-
petitiveness and innovation notably in the diagnostics busi-
nesses, including large amounts relating to intangible assets,
particularly capitalized development expenses for new platforms.
Healthineers is also spending for factories, especially in China
and the United States.

The investments of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy con-
tinue to focus on the expansion of production capacity in Germany
for offshore wind turbines as well as in Morocco for onshore
blades, while in parallel the production capacities in other regions
are reduced to address changing market conditions. Further
investments relate to the emerging markets India and China to
allow for the production of the next turbine generation.

Combined Management Report

21


--- Page 21 ---

22

A.6 Overall assessment of the economic position

In fiscal 2017, we continued to stringently execute on our "Vision
2020” concept. We reached significant milestones for the stra-
tegic development of Siemens and initiated important measures
to further strengthen our portfolio. At the beginning of fiscal
2017, we founded next47, which pools our existing startup activ-
ities to foster disruptive ideas more vigorously and accelerate the
development of new technologies. In the second quarter, we
acquired Mentor Graphics, an electronic design automation soft-
ware provider, to further strengthen and expand our industrial
software portfolio. At the beginning of the third quarter we
closed the merger of our wind power business with Gamesa to
form SGRE, a leading global wind power player in the onshore
and offshore markets. In the fourth quarter, we announced our
plans to publicly list a minority stake in the Healthineers business
in the first half of calendar year 2018, depending on market
conditions, in order to strengthen this Strategic Unit within
Siemens by increasing the entrepreneurial and capital flexibility
it needs to drive its strategic growth plans. Also in the fourth
quarter, we signed a memorandum of understanding to combine
our mobility business, including the rail traction drives business,
with Alstom SA, France, in order to provide our customers around
the world with an even more innovative and competitive product
and solution portfolio. This transaction is expected to close at the
end of calendar year 2018.

Also with regard to executing our financial target system, fiscal
2017 was another very successful year for Siemens and for most
of our industrial businesses and SFS. We raised our guidance for
basic earnings per share (EPS) from net income after the first
quarter. After the second quarter, we confirmed this raised fore-
cast and included in the EPS guidance previously excluded bur-
dens resulting from portfolio changes. We reached or exceeded
all the targets set for our primary measures for fiscal 2017. We
achieved revenue growth of 3% net of currency translation and
portfolio effects. Net income and basic EPS from net income rose
11% and 10%, respectively. Excluding burdens related to the
acquisition of Mentor Graphics and the merger with Gamesa,
Return on capital employed (ROCE) was slightly above the lower
end of our target range of 15% to 20%. Our capital structure ratio
came in slightly below 1.

Orders for fiscal 2017 were €85.7 billion, down 1% year-over-year.
The decline was due to contracting markets for Power and Gas,
which in the prior fiscal year had recorded large orders for power
plants in Egypt. All other industrial businesses recorded increases.
Orders grew at double-digit rates at Mobility and Digital Factory,
the latter on the particular strength of its short-cycle businesses
and supported by new volume from the Mentor Graphics acqui-
sition. Order growth at SGRE was due to new volume from the
merger with Gamesa. At 1.03, our book-to-bill ratio fulfilled our
expectation of a ratio above 1.0.

Combined Management Report

Revenue rose to €83.0 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Except for
Power and Gas and Process Industries and Drives, all industrial
businesses contributed to revenue growth. Revenue growth was
led by substantial growth at SGRE, due mainly to new volume
from the merger with Gamesa, and by significant growth at
Digital Factory due to the strength of the Division’s short-cycle
businesses and to the Mentor Graphics acquisition. Excluding
currency translation and portfolio effects, overall revenue grew
3%. For fiscal 2017, we had forecast modest growth in revenue,
net of currency translation and portfolio effects.

Industrial Business profit rose 8% to €9.5 billion. All industrial
businesses except Power and Gas and SGRE increased their profit
year-over-year. The strongest increases came from Digital Factory
and Building Technologies, which together with Healthineers and
Mobility achieved excellent results for the fiscal year. Energy
Management continued its solid improvement. While profit at
Process Industries and Drives grew, this increase was due pri-
marily to lower severance charges year-over-year. As planned, we
increased R&D and selling expenses in our industrial businesses,
with a strong emphasis on digitalization, including the further
advancement of our MindSphere platform.

The profit margin of our Industrial Business increased to 11.2%,
up from 10.8% in the prior fiscal year. We thus reached our fore-
cast as of the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which was
raised from a range of between 10.5% and 11.5% to a range of
between 11.0% and 12.0%. Six of our eight industrial businesses
improved their margins year-over-year, and five reached or
exceeded their margin ranges. In challenging market environ-
ments, Power and Gas, SGRE and Process Industries and Drives
missed their target ranges in fiscal 2017. With a return on equity
after tax of 19.9%, SFS, which is reported outside our Industrial
Business, reached the upper end of its margin range.

The loss outside the Industrial Business came in lower year-over-
year. This was due mainly to positive effects related to the mea-
surement of a major asset retirement. These effects were partly
offset by higher amortization of intangible assets acquired in
business combinations, mainly related to the merger with
Gamesa and to the Mentor Graphics acquisition.

Net income in fiscal 2017 rose 11% to €6.2 billion, and basic EPS
from net income was up 10% to €7.44. We thus reached our
raised forecast, which was for an increase in basic EPS from net
income in the range of €7.20 to €7.70, up from the range of
€6.80 to €7.20 that was forecast in our Annual Report for fiscal
2016. Net income development benefited from our continuous
efforts to increase productivity. In fiscal 2017, total cost produc-
tivity improved 5%, reaching the upper end of our fiscal 2017
target of 3% to 5%.


--- Page 22 ---

ROCE for fiscal 2017 was 13.5%, down from 14.3% in fiscal 2016.
This decline was due primarily to burdens related to the merger
with Gamesa and the acquisition of Mentor Graphics, which we
had excluded from our ROCE forecast for fiscal 2017. Excluding
these burdens, ROCE reached the lower end of the 15% to 20%
range that we generally aim to achieve. We thus reached our
forecast, which was to come close to or reach the lower end of
our target range.

We evaluate our capital structure using the ratio of industrial net
debt to EBITDA. For fiscal 2017, this ratio was 0.9, compared to
1.0 in fiscal 2016. We thus reached our forecast, which was to
achieve a ratio of up to 1.0.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations for
fiscal 2017 was €4.8 billion, down 13% compared to the prior
fiscal year.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. As in the past, we intend to fund our dividend payout
from Free cash flow. The Siemens Managing Board, in agreement
with the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.70 per
share, up from €3.60 a year earlier.

A.7 Non-financial matters

Siemens has policies for environmental, employee and social
matters, for the respect of human rights, and anti-corruption and
bribery matters, among others. Reportable information which
also relates to these non-financial matters is included in the
—> COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT, iN —> NOTES 16, 17, 21,25, and 26
OF B.6 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, and in
A NOTES 16, 17, 20, 21, and 25 OF THE NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS in the ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SIEMENS AG AS OF SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017. These disclosures are — contrary to the disclo-
sures in our separately available “Sustainability Information 2017”
document — not subject to a specific framework to inform the
users of the financial reports in a focused manner.

Combined Management Report

23


--- Page 23 ---

24

A.8 Report on expected developments
and associated material opportunities and risks

A.8.1 Report on expected
developments

A.8.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

In fiscal 2018, the world economy is expected to grow slightly
faster than in fiscal 2017. Global GDP is projected to expand by
3.2% in calendar 2018, the highest growth rate since 2010. Fixed
investments are anticipated to grow by 3.6%, with a higher rate
in emerging countries than in advanced economies. Emerging
markets are forecast to benefit from stronger global growth and
rising commodity prices.

The U.S. economy is anticipated to see moderate growth of 2.4%
even without stimulus in the form of substantial tax cuts or a big
infrastructure program. GDP growth is driven by consumer spending,
which is supported by declining unemployment, rising incomes and
household wealth. Fixed investments are expected to increase by
2.7% and should benefit from firming global markets. Interest rates
are anticipated to continue to gradually rise led by central bank rates.

The expansion in Europe is expected to continue, with GDP fore-
cast to grow 2.5%; especially the Eurozone should proceed with
its recovery after a prolonged period of stagnation and recession.
Supportive factors include continued monetary stimulus, re-
duced headwinds from fiscal policy and improving confidence of
companies and households.

GDP growth in China is expected to moderate further in calendar
2018 to 6.5%, down from 6.8% in 2017. However, the near-term
strength masks longer-term fragilities, especially very high debt
levels. Also, the government has made only slow progress in re-
ducing overcapacities.

The forecasts presented here for GDP and fixed investments are
based ona report from IHS Markit dated October 15, 2017.

A.8.1.2 MARKET DEVELOPMENT
In fiscal 2018, market volume measured in Euro is expected to be
held back by negative currency translation effects.

For fiscal 2018, we expect the markets served by our Power and
Gas Division to remain challenging with market volume poten-
tially declining again, even below the low level of fiscal 2017.
However, the need for small and medium gas turbines, particu-
larly in countries with a less developed energy infrastructure,
is anticipated to continue. Volume in the compression market
is expected to remain on a low level but we expect to see growing
signs of a recovery during fiscal 2018 as some customers in the
oil and gas industry revive investment plans. The steam turbine
market is expected to continue to be impacted by the shift from
coal to gas and renewable sources for power generation.

In fiscal 2018, markets served by the Energy Management Division
are expected to provide moderate, low single-digit growth excluding

Combined Management Report

currency translation effects. We expect negative currency trans-
lation effects from a weaker US$ and related currencies. Customers
are expected to continue their effort to strengthen transmission and
distribution grids to integrate the growing amount of decentralized
renewable energy. We expect first signs of stabilization in the oil and
gas and the metals and mining markets, though from low levels.

For the markets served by the Building Technologies Division, we
expect solid growth again in fiscal 2018. Highest growth dynamics
are forecast for Asia, with above-average growth in China and
India. Markets in the Middle East are also expected to grow faster
than the Division’s markets overall. The U.S. is expected to grow in
line with the global average and the majority of European coun-
tries are anticipated to continue their recovery, led by Spain and
some Eastern European countries.

For fiscal 2018, we expect markets served by the Mobility Divi-
sion to grow moderately. We anticipate that rail operators in
Europe, particularly in Germany and the U.K., will continue to
make significant investments. Markets in the Americas region are
expected to remain strong, especially due to ongoing invest-
ments in urban transport and infrastructure in the U.S. as well as
demand for commuter transport in Argentina. In the Middle East
and Africa, we expect tenders of further rolling stock and turnkey
projects. In China, we expect investments in high-speed trains,
urban transport and rail infrastructure to continue to drive
growth. In India, market growth should continue from projects
for commuter and urban transport as well as high-speed passen-
ger lines, freight rail, and related infrastructure as part of the
country’s transportation infrastructure modernization. Overall,
local rail transport and intermodal mobility solutions are ex-
pected to gain importance as urbanization continues to progress
around the world. In emerging countries, rising incomes are ex-
pected to result in greater demand for public transport solutions.

For fiscal 2018, markets addressed by the Digital Factory Division
are expected to continue to grow. Global manufacturing produc-
tion is forecast to grow moderately again, although growth rates
in the automotive industries are expected to slow following
strong growth in prior years. The machine-building industry is
also forecast to grow as customers upgrade and modernize pro-
duction facilities in an increasingly dynamic market environment.
The trend towards digitalization is expected to continue to drive
growth in the industrial software market. On a geographic basis,
the strong growth rates experienced in China in fiscal 2017 are
not expected to continue in fiscal 2018.

In fiscal 2018, nominal volume for the markets served by the
Process Industries and Drives Division is expected to decline
slightly due to currency translation effects. Excluding this effect,
market volume is anticipated to grow slightly. Within commodity-
related markets (e.g. oil and gas, mining, minerals), a gradual re-
covery in capital expenditures is expected to continue on a low
level. Chemicals market is expected to further stabilize, whereas


--- Page 24 ---

we expect challenging market conditions for our wind-related
components due to higher pricing pressure resulting from the on-
going transition towards mature, fully competitive wind energy
markets. On a geographic basis, the market growth momentum
in China is expected to moderate in fiscal 2018 year-over-year,
while markets in Europe and in the U.S. are expected to improve.

For fiscal 2018, markets for Healthineers are expected to stay on
a moderate growth path. Healthineers’ markets continue to ben-
efit from long-term trends such as growing and aging populations
and from broader access to healthcare, but are restricted by pub-
lic spending constraints and by consolidation of healthcare pro-
viders. On a geographic basis, we expect slight growth in the U.S.,
held back by continued pressure to increase utilization of existing
equipment, reduced reimbursement rates and policy uncertainty.
For Europe, we also expect slight growth, with equipment re-
placement and business with large customers such as hospital
chains gaining further importance. For China, we expect moder-
ate growth due to continuously growing government spending on
healthcare, promoting the private segment and expanding access
on county level, pronounced effects of aging and growing inci-
dence of chronic disease, partly held back by governmental re-
strictions such as centralized tendering and regulatory oversight
of large-scale equipment allocation and use. Governments in a
number of countries show the intention to establish protectionist
initiatives and policies which support local suppliers.

For SGRE, we expect global wind installations to grow in fiscal
2018, with growth driven by higher demand for onshore installa-
tions, while offshore installations are expected to remain near
the prior-year level. Some of the SGRE more relevant onshore
markets like India and the U.S. will continue to experience higher
than normal levels of volatility driven by the transition to fully
competitive wind markets. This transition is expected to result in
a low double-digit price decline in the onshore markets in fiscal
2018. As a result volume for SGRE’s markets measured in Euro is
expected to decline year-over-year.

Our SFS Division is geared to Siemens’ Industrial Business and its
markets. As such SFS is influenced by the business development
of the markets served by our Industrial Business, among other
factors. SFS will continue to focus its business scope on areas of
intense domain know-how.

A.8.1.3 SIEMENS GROUP

We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2018 for the Siemens Group and
its segments on the above-mentioned expectations and assump-
tions regarding the overall economic situation and specific market
conditions for the next fiscal year. We plan to publicly list a minority
stake in Healthineers in the first half of calendar 2018, depending
on market conditions, to further strengthen Healthineers in Siemens
for the future. The public listing of a minority stake in Healthineers
will among others result in an increase in non-controlling interests,
which reduces net income attributable to Siemens AG's sharehold-

ers and corresponding EPS. Effects on EPS associated with minori-
ties holding shares in Healthineers following the planned IPO are
excluded from this outlook. Furthermore, charges related to legal
and regulatory matters are excluded from this outlook.

For fiscal 2018, we expect market-driven headwinds to continue
to significantly impact volume development and profitability of
Power and Gas, SGRE and Process Industries and Drives. These
units are in the process of preparing capacity adjustment mea-
sures, which we expect to result in significant severance charges.
There are high uncertainties regarding the extent of the financial
burdens for fiscal 2018, as these depend on the results of consul-
tations with the relevant employee representatives and the im-
plementation of the planned measures is expected to take seve-
ral years. Therefore, we exclude all severance charges from this
outlook. Severance charges in fiscal 2017 were €385 million for
our Industrial Business and €466 million (pre-tax) for Siemens.
We assume that severance charges in fiscal 2018 will be higher
than in fiscal 2017. Furthermore, this outlook excludes potential
effects which may follow the introduction of a new strategic pro-
gram, which we expect to announce during fiscal 2018.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, particularly involv-
ing the US$, the British £ and currencies of emerging markets,
particularly the Chinese yuan. While we expect volatility in global
currency markets to continue in fiscal 2018, we have improved our
natural hedge on a global basis through geographic distribution
of our production facilities during the past. Nevertheless, Siemens
is still a net exporter from the Euro zone to the rest of the world,
so a weak Euro is principally favorable for our business and a
strong Euro is principally unfavorable. In addition to the natural
hedging strategy just mentioned, we also hedge currency risk in
our export business using derivative financial instruments. We
expect these steps to help us limit effects on income related to
currency in fiscal 2018. Based on currency exchange rates as of
beginning of November 2017, we nevertheless expect negative
currency effects to significantly influence nominal order and
revenue development, and to adversely affect Industrial Business
profit with an impact in the mid-triple-digit millions of Euros.

We are basing this outlook on our preliminary numbers under
IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which we will
adopt beginning with fiscal 2018 retrospectively, i.e. results for fis-
cal 2017 will be presented on a comparable basis. We do not expect
the adoption of IFRS15 to have a significant effect on Siemens’
Consolidated Financial Statements. On a preliminary basis, the
adoption of IFRS 15 is expected to reduce reported revenue for fiscal
2017 by approximately €0.2 billion and reported basic EPS for fiscal
2017 by approximately €0.10, resulting mainly from Profit Industrial
Business. Reported Industrial Business profit margin for fiscal 2017
is expected to decline by approximately 0.1 percentage points. As
a result of the IFRS 15 adoption, below we report the backlog of the
Siemens Group which, compared to the previous definition, now
also includes the order backlog in businesses outside the Industrial

Combined Management Report

25


--- Page 25 ---

26

Business, eliminations for transactions between the businesses,
and changes arising from the adoption of IFRS 15.

Based on these assumptions and exclusions, our outlook is as
follows:

Revenue growth

We expect a mixed picture in our market environment in fiscal 2018,
ranging from strong markets for our short-cycle businesses to un-
favorable dynamics in our energy generation markets, as well as
geopolitical uncertainties that may restrict investment sentiment.
Therefore, for fiscal 2018 we expect modest growth in revenue, net
of effects from currency translation and portfolio transactions.

In fiscal 2017, most of our industrial businesses contributed to or-
ganic revenue growth, and we expect a similar development in fis-
cal 2018. The principal exceptions are Power and Gas and SGRE,
which continue to be impacted by market headwinds.

As of September 30, 2017, our order backlog totaled €126 billion.
Thereof Power and Gas had an order backlog of €40 billion, Mo-
bility of €26 billion, SGRE of €21 billion, Healthineers of €15 bil-
lion, Energy Management of €13 billion, Process Industries and
Drives and Building Technologies of €5 billion each and Digital
Factory of €3 billion. We expect revenue growth in fiscal 2018 to
benefit from conversion of our order backlog. From Siemens’ back-
log, we expect to convert approximately €44 billion of past orders
into current revenue in fiscal 2018. Within this amount, we expect
our segments involved in large long-term project business to con-
tribute the following conversions of backlog into revenue for fiscal
2018: For Power and Gas we expect approximately a €9 billion in
revenue conversion, for Mobility, Energy Management and SGRE
approximately €7 billion in revenue conversion each.

We anticipate that orders in fiscal 2018 will exceed revenue for a
book-to-bill ratio above 1.

Profitability

For fiscal 2018, we expect net income to result in basic EPS from
net income in the range of €7.20 to €7.70. Net income and basic
EPS from net income for fiscal 2017 were €6.1 billion and €7.34,
respectively, taking into account the retrospective adoption of
IFRS 15 as mentioned above.

Our forecast for net income and corresponding basic EPS is based
on a number of additional assumptions: As part of our One
Siemens framework, we target a total cost productivity improve-
ment of 3% to 5% in fiscal 2018. Also, we assume continued solid
project execution. Furthermore, we anticipate clear currency-re-
lated impacts on net income. Along with these assumptions, we
anticipate pricing pressure on our offerings of around 2.5% over-
all in fiscal 2018, with SGRE and the Power and Gas Division
clearly above this average. Furthermore, we expect wage infla-

Combined Management Report

tion of around 3% to 4%. Also, we plan to increase R&D expenses
aimed at strengthening our capacities for innovation.

For fiscal 2018, taking into account the above-mentioned as-
sumptions and exclusions, we expect all but two of our industrial
businesses to be in or above their ranges for profit margin as
defined in our financial performance system (see => A.2 FINAN-
CIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM). The exceptions are Power and Gas and
Process Industries and Drives. Overall, we expect a profit margin
for our Industrial Business of 11.0% to 12.0%. Taking into account
the retrospective adoption of IFRS 15 as mentioned above, Indus-
trial Business profit margin was 11.1% in fiscal 2017. We expect
SFS, which is reported outside Industrial Business, to achieve a
return on equity (ROE) within its margin range in fiscal 2018 and
to keep its profit near the prior-year level.

Within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements, we
expect expenses for Corporate items to be approximately €0.6 bil-
lion and to include significant centrally carried expenses related to
innovation and digitalization. Despite burdens such as carve-out
related expenses stemming from portfolio measures, particularly
including the planned public listing of a minority share in Healthi-
neers in the first half of calendar 2018 and the planned merger of
our mobility business with Alstom by the end of calendar 2018, we
expect results related to CMPA to be positive due among other fac-
tors to a €0.6 billion (after-tax) gain from the sale of our shares in
OSRAM Licht AG at the beginning of fiscal 2018. Results related to
CMPA are also expected to be highly volatile from quarter to quar-
ter during the fiscal year. We anticipate that SRE will continue with
real estate disposals depending on market conditions and generate
results near the prior-year level. Centrally carried pension expenses
are expected to total approximately €0.4 billion in fiscal 2018.
Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combina-
tions are expected to rise to approximately €1.2 billion in fiscal 2018
due primarily to the merger with Gamesa and the acquisition of
Mentor Graphics. Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other rec-
onciling items, which were a negative €0.3 billion in fiscal 2017, are
expected to increase by approximately €0.1 billion in fiscal 2018
due mainly to higher interest expenses.

We do not expect material influence on financial results from
discontinued operations in fiscal 2018. We anticipate our tax rate
for fiscal 2018 to be in the range of 27% to 33%, up from 26% in
fiscal 2017. We expect the increase in the tax rate to be driven by
tax burdens related to the preparations of the initial public offer-
ing of a minority stake in Healthineers and the merger of our
mobility business with Alstom.

Capital efficiency

Within our One Siemens financial framework, we aim in general
to achieve a ROCE in the range of 15% to 20%. Due mainly to
burdens on net income and average capital employed resulting
from the acquisition of Mentor Graphics and the merger with


--- Page 26 ---

Gamesa, we expect ROCE to show a double-digit result in fiscal
2018 but to come in below the lower end of our target range.

Capital structure

We aim in general for a capital structure, defined as the ratio of
industrial net debt to EBITDA, of up to 1.0, and expect to achieve
this in fiscal 2018.

A.8.1.4 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We expect a mixed picture in our market environment in fiscal
2018, ranging from strong markets for our short-cycle businesses
to unfavorable dynamics in our energy generation markets, as
well as geopolitical uncertainties that may restrict investment
sentiment. For fiscal 2018 we expect modest growth in revenue,
net of effects from currency translation and portfolio transac-
tions, and anticipate that orders will exceed revenue for a book-
to-bill ratio above 1. We expect a profit margin of 11.0% to 12.0%
for our Industrial Business and basic EPS from net income in the
range of €7.20 to €7.70, both excluding severance charges.

This outlook excludes charges related to legal and regulatory
matters, effects on EPS associated with minorities holding shares
in Healthineers following the planned IPO, and potential effects
which may follow the introduction of a new strategic program.

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its Segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our outlook due to the
risks and opportunities described below or if our expectations
and assumptions do not materialize.

A.8.2 Risk management

A.8.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT
Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursuing
sustainable growth and creating economic value while managing
appropriate risks and opportunities and avoiding inappropriate
risks. As risk management is an integral part of how we plan and
execute our business strategies, our risk management policy is
set by the Managing Board. Our organizational and accountabil-
ity structure requires each of the respective managements of
our Industrial Business, Financial Services (SFS), regions and
Corporate Units to implement risk management programs that
are tailored to their specific industries and responsibilities, while
being consistent with the overall policy.

A.8.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk management
and control systems which support us in the early recognition of
developments that could jeopardize the continuity of our busi-
ness. The most important of these systems include our enter-
prise-wide processes for strategic planning and management
reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in consid-
ering potential risks well in advance of major business decisions,

while management reporting is intended to enable us to monitor
such risks more closely as our business progresses. Our internal
auditors regularly review the adequacy and effectiveness of our
risk management system. Accordingly, if deficits are detected,
itis possible to adopt appropriate measures for their elimination.
This coordination of processes and procedures is intended to help
ensure that the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are
fully informed about significant risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens builds on a comprehensive, interac-
tive and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization and that
addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM approach is based
on the globally accepted COSO (Committee of Sponsoring Organi-
zations of the Treadway Commission) ‘Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrated Framework’ (2004) and is adapted to Siemens
requirements. It additionally conforms to ISO (International Orga-
nization for Standardization) Standard 31000 (2009). The frame-
work connects the ERM process with our financial reporting pro-
cess and our internal control system. It considers a company’s
strategy, the efficiency and effectiveness of its business opera-
tions, the reliability of its financial reporting as well as compliance
with relevant laws and regulations to be equally important.

Our ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation of,
and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could mate-
rially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational, financial
and compliance objectives. The time horizon covered by ERM is
typically three years. Our ERM is based on a net risk approach,
addressing risks and opportunities remaining after the execution
of existing control measures. If risks have already been considered
in plans, budgets, forecasts or the financial statements (e.g. as a
provision or risk contingency), they are supposed to be incorpo-
rated with their financial impact in the entity’s business objectives.
As a consequence, only additional risks arising from the same sub-
ject (e.g. deviations from business objectives, different impact
perspectives) should be considered for the ERM. In order to pro-
vide a comprehensive view on our business activities, risks and
opportunities are identified in a structured way combining ele-
ments of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Reporting
generally follows a quarterly cycle while this regular reporting
process is complemented by an ad-hoc reporting process that aims
to escalate critical issues in a timely manner. Relevant risks and
opportunities are prioritized in terms of impact and likelihood,
considering different perspectives, including business objectives,
reputation and regulatory matters. The bottom-up identification
and prioritization process is supplemented by workshops with the
respective managements of the Industrial Business, SFS, regions
and Corporate Units. This top-down element ensures that poten-
tial new risks and opportunities are discussed at the management
level and are included in the subsequent reporting process, if
found to be relevant. Reported risks and opportunities are ana-
lyzed regarding potential cumulative effects and are aggregated
within and for each of the organizations mentioned above.

Combined Management Report

27


--- Page 27 ---

28

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportuni-
ties, with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on the
significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first step,
assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity involves
choosing one of our general response strategies. Our general re-
sponse strategies with respect to risks are avoidance, transfer,
reduction or acceptance of the relevant risk. Our general response
strategy with respect to opportunities is to ‘seize’ the relevant
opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or opportu-
nity also involves the development, initiation and monitoring of
appropriate response measures corresponding to the chosen re-
sponse strategy. These response measures have to be specifically
tailored to allow for effective risk management. Accordingly, we
have developed a variety of response measures with different
characteristics. For example, we mitigate the risk of fluctuations
in currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities.
Regarding our long-term projects, systematic and comprehensive
project management with standardized project milestones, in-
cluding provisional acceptances during project execution and
complemented by clearly defined approval processes, assists us
in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage,
even before the bidding phase. Furthermore, we maintain appro-
priate insurance levels for potential cases of damage and liability
risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks and to avoid
or minimize potential losses. Among others, we address the risk
of fluctuation in economic activity and customer demand by
closely monitoring the macroeconomic conditions and develop-
ments in relevant industries, and by adjusting capacity and im-
plementing cost-reduction measures in a timely and consistent
manner, if deemed necessary.

A.8.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

AND RESPONSIBILITIES

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with legal
and operational requirements, the Managing Board established
a Risk Management and Internal Control Organization, headed by
the Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer, and a Corporate Risk and
Internal Control Committee (CRIC). The CRIC obtains risk and op-
portunity information from the Risk Committees established at
the Industrial Business, SFS, regions and Corporate Units. In order
to allow for a meaningful discussion on Siemens group level in-
dividual risk and opportunities of similar cause-and-effect nature
are aggregated into risk and opportunity themes. This aggrega-
tion naturally results in a mixture of risks, including those with
a primarily qualitative assessment and those with a primarily
quantitative risk assessment. Accordingly, we do not foresee a
purely quantitative assessment of risk themes. This information
then forms the basis for the evaluation of the company-wide risk
and opportunity situation. The CRIC reports to and supports the
Managing Board on matters relating to the implementation,
operation and oversight of the risk and internal control system
and assists the Managing Board for example in reporting to the

Combined Management Report

Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The CRIC is composed
of the Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer, as the chairperson,
members of the Managing Board and selected heads of Corpo-
rate Units.

A.8.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition (including effects on
assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and repu-
tation. The order in which the risks are presented in each of the
four categories reflects the currently estimated relative exposure
for Siemens associated with these risks and thus provides an in-
dication of the risks’ current importance to us. Additional risks
not known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may
also negatively impact our business objectives and operations.
Unless otherwise stated, the risks described below relate to all of
our segments.

A.8.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

Competitive environment: The worldwide markets for our
products, solutions and services are highly competitive in terms
of pricing, product and service quality, product development and
introduction time, customer service, financing terms and shifts
in market demands. We face strong existing competitors and also
competitors from emerging markets, which may have a better
cost structure. Some industries in which we operate are under-
going consolidation, which may result in stronger competition,
a change in our relative market position, or unexpected price
erosion. Furthermore, there is a risk of take-overs of crucial sup-
pliers by competitors and a risk that competitors are increasingly
offering services for our installed base. We address these risks
with various measures, for example benchmarking, strategic
initiatives, sales push initiatives, executing productivity measures
and target cost projects, rightsizing of our footprint, outsourc-
ings, mergers and joint ventures, exporting from low-cost
countries to price-sensitive markets, and optimizing our product
portfolio. We continuously monitor and analyze competitive and
market information in order to be able to anticipate unfavorable
changes in the competitive environment rather than merely
reacting to such changes.

Economic, political and geopolitical conditions (macroeco-
nomic environment): We see a high level of uncertainty regard-
ing the global economic outlook. Significant downside risks stem
e.g. from an increasing trend towards populism and from the
consequences of the Brexit negotiations. The U.K. exit process
could heighten business and consumer uncertainty, reduce in-
vestment in the U.K., pose risks to financial markets and may
increase the uncertainties about the future of the European
Union (EU) in general. A further and massive loss of economic
confidence and a prolonged period of reluctance in investment


--- Page 28 ---

decisions and awarding of new orders would hit our businesses.
We continuously monitor the exit process and established, for
example, a task force coordinating our local and global mitiga-
tion measures. Significant business risk stems from an abrupt
weakening of Chinese economic growth. Both global and re-
gional investment climates could collapse due to political up-
heavals, further independence debates within countries in the
EU (e.g. the Catalan endeavor for independence), or sustained
success of protectionist, anti EU and anti-business parties and
policy. A rapid tightening of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal
Reserve could cause a depreciation spiral among emerging mar-
ket currencies. This could lead to a renewed emerging market
crisis because debt levels of emerging market enterprises have
risen, making them dependent on favorable global financial con-
ditions to service debts denominated in foreign currencies.
Emerging market operations involve further various risks, includ-
ing civil unrest, health concerns, cultural differences such as em-
ployment and business practices, volatility in gross domestic
product, economic and governmental instability, the potential
for nationalization of private assets and the imposition of ex-
change controls. A terrorist mega-attack or a significant cyber-
crime incident, or a series of such attacks or incidents in major
economies, could depress economic activity globally and under-
mine consumer and business confidence. Further risks stem from
geopolitical tensions (e.g. in Syria, Ukraine, Turkey, and North
Korea), and from an increasing vulnerability of the connected
global economy to natural disasters. In addition we are depend-
ing on the economic momentum of specific industries, especially
on the continued confidence in the automotive sector.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our Industrial Business and the importance of long-term
contracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between the
development of macroeconomic conditions and their impact on
our financial results. In contrast, short-cycle business activities of
the Digital Factory Division and parts of Process Industries and
Drives Division and of the Energy Management Division react
quickly to volatility in market demand. If the moderate recovery
of macroeconomic growth stalls again and if we are not success-
ful in adapting our production and cost structure to subsequent
changes in conditions in the markets in which we operate, there
can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse effects.
For example, it may become more difficult for our customers to
obtain financing. As a result, they may modify, delay or cancel
plans to purchase our products, solutions and services, or fail to
follow through on purchases or contracts already executed. Fur-
thermore, the prices for our products, solutions and services may
decline, as a result of adverse market conditions, to a greater
extent than we currently anticipate. In addition, contracted pay-
ment terms, especially regarding the level of advance payments
by our customers relating to long-term projects, may become less
favorable, which could negatively impact our financial condi-
tions. Siemens’ global setup with operations in almost all relevant

economies, the wide variety of our offerings following different
business cycles, and our varying business models (e.g. products,
software, solutions, projects and services) help us to absorb the
impact of an adverse development in a single market.

Disruptive technologies: The markets in which our businesses
operate experience rapid and significant changes due to the in-
troduction of innovative and disruptive technologies. In the fields
of digitalization (e.g. internet of things, web of systems, cloud
offerings, Industry 4.0), there are risks of new competitors, sub-
stitutions of existing products/solutions/services, niche players,
new business models (e.g. in terms of pricing, financing, ex-
tended scopes for project business or subscription models in soft-
ware business) and finally the risk that our competitors may have
faster time-to-market strategies and introduce their digital prod-
ucts and solutions faster than Siemens. Our operating results
depend to a significant extent on our technological leadership,
our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets and
to reduce the costs of producing our products. Introducing new
products and technologies requires a significant commitment to
research and development, which in return requires expenditure
of considerable financial resources that may not always result in
success. Our results of operations may suffer if we invest in tech-
nologies that do not operate or may not be integrated as ex-
pected, or that are not accepted in the marketplace as antici-
pated, or if our products, solutions or systems are not introduced
to the market in a timely manner, particularly compared to our
competitors, or even become obsolete. We constantly apply for
new patents and actively manage our intellectual property port-
folio to secure our technological position. However, our patents
and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from
independently developing or selling products and services that
are similar to or duplicates of ours.

Footprint: The risk is that we are not flexible enough in adjusting
our organizational and manufacturing footprint in order to
quickly respond to changing markets, resulting in a non-compet-
itive cost position and consequent loss of business. To mitigate
this risk, we continuously monitor and analyze competitive and
market information. Furthermore, we closely monitor the imple-
mentation of the planned measures, maintain strict cost man-
agement, and conduct ongoing discussions with all concerned
interest groups.

Portfolio measures, at-equity investments, other invest-
ments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes divesting
activities in some business areas and strengthening others
through portfolio measures, including mergers and acquisitions.
With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some
of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out
could have a negative impact on our business, financial condi-
tion, results of operations and our reputation. Mergers and acqui-
sitions are inherently risky because of difficulties that may arise

Combined Management Report

29


--- Page 29 ---

30

when integrating people, operations, technologies and products.
There can be no assurance that any of the businesses we ac-
quired can be integrated successfully and in a timely manner as
originally planned, or that they will perform as anticipated once
integrated. In addition, we may incur significant acquisition, ad-
ministrative, tax and other expenditures in connection with these
transactions, including costs related to integration of acquired
businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in addi-
tional financing needs and adversely affect our capital structure.
Acquisitions lead to substantial additions to intangible assets,
including goodwill in our statements of financial position. If we
were to encounter continuing adverse business developments or
if we were otherwise to perform worse than expected at acquisi-
tion activities, then these intangible assets, including goodwill,
might have to be impaired, which could adversely affect our busi-
ness, financial conditions and results of operations. Our invest-
ment portfolio consists of investments held for purposes other
than trading. Furthermore, we hold other investments, for exam-
ple, Atos SE. Any factors negatively influencing the financial con-
dition and results of operations of our at-equity investments and
other investments, could have an adverse effect on our equity
pick-up related to these investments or may result in a related
write-off. In addition, our business, financial condition and re-
sults of operations could also be adversely affected in connection
with loans, guarantees or non-compliance with financial cove-
nants related to these at-equity investments and other invest-
ments. Furthermore, such investments are inherently risky as we
may not be able to sufficiently influence corporate governance
processes or business decisions taken by our equity investments,
other investments and strategic alliances that may have a nega-
tive effect on our business. In addition, joint ventures bear the
risk of difficulties that may arise when integrating people, oper-
ations, technologies and products. Strategic alliances may also
pose risks for us because we compete in some business areas
with companies with which we have strategic alliances. Besides
other measures, we handle these risks with standardized pro-
cesses as well as dedicated roles and responsibilities in the areas
of mergers, acquisitions, divestments and carve outs. This in-
cludes post-closing actions as well as claim management and
centrally managed portfolio activities.

A.8.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Cyber/Information security: Our business portfolio is depen-
dent on digital technologies. We observe a global increase of IT
security threats and higher levels of professionalism in computer
crime, which pose a risk to the security of products, systems and
networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of
data. Like other large multinational companies we are facing ac-
tive cyber threats from sophisticated adversaries that are sup-
ported by organized crime and nation-states engaged in eco-
nomic espionage or even sabotage. We attempt to mitigate these
risks by employing a number of measures, including employee
training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems

Combined Management Report

through Cyber Security Operation Centers, and maintenance of
backup and protective systems such as firewalls and virus scan-
ners. Our contractual arrangements with service providers, aim
to ensure that these risks are reduced. Nonetheless our systems,
products, solutions and services, as well as those of our service
providers, remain potentially vulnerable to attacks. Such attacks
could potentially lead to the publication, manipulation or leakage
information such as through industrial espionage, improper use
of our systems, defective products, production downtimes and
supply shortages, with potential adverse effects on our reputa-
tion, our competitiveness and results of our operations.

Operational failures and quality problems in our value
chain processes: Our value chain comprises all steps, from re-
search and development to supply chain management, produc-
tion, marketing, sales and services. Operational failures in our
value chain processes could result in quality problems or poten-
tial product, labor safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Such
risks are particularly present in our Industrial Business in relation
to our production and manufacturing facilities, which are located
all over the world and have a high degree of organizational and
technological complexity. From time to time, some of the prod-
ucts we sell might have quality issues resulting from the design
or manufacture of these products or the commissioning of these
products or the software integrated into them. Our Healthineers’
business, for example, is subject to regulatory authorities includ-
ing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European
Commission's Health and Consumer Policy Department, which
require us to make specific efforts to safeguard our product
safety. If we are not able to comply with these requirements, our
business and reputation may be adversely affected. We have es-
tablished multiple measures for quality improvement and claim
prevention. The increased use of quality management tools is
improving visibility and enables us to strengthen our root cause
and prevention processes.

Operational optimization and cost reduction i tives:
We are in a continuous process of operational optimization and
constantly engage in cost-reduction initiatives, including ongo-
ing capacity adjustment measures and structural initiatives. Con-
solidation of business activities and manufacturing facilities,
outsourcings/carve outs, joint ventures and the streamlining of
product portfolios are all part of these cost-reduction efforts.
These measures may not be implemented as planned, may turn
out to be less effective than anticipated, may become effective
later than estimated or may not become effective at all. Any fu-
ture contribution of these measures to our profitability will be
influenced by the actual savings achieved and by our ability to
sustain them. In case of restructuring and outsourcing activities,
there can be no assurance that there are no delays in product
deliveries or we might even experience delivery failures. Further-
more, a delay in critical R&D projects could lead to negative im-
pacts in running projects. We constantly control and monitor the


--- Page 30 ---

progress of these projects and initiatives using standardized con-
trolling and milestone tracking approaches.

Cost overruns or additional payment obligations related to
the management of our long-term, fixed-price or turnkey
and service projects: A number of our Industrial Businesses
conduct activities, especially large projects, under long-term con-
tracts that are awarded on a competitive bidding basis. Such con-
tracts typically arise in Power and Gas, Siemens Gamesa Renew-
able Energy, Mobility, and in various activities of Energy
Management and Process Industries and Drives. Some of these
contracts are inherently risky because we may assume substan-
tially all of the risks associated with completing a project and
meeting post-completion warranty obligations. For example, we
may face the risk that we must satisfy technical requirements of
a project even though we have not gained experience with those
requirements before we win the project. The profit margins real-
ized on fixed-priced contracts may vary from original estimates
as a result of changes in costs and productivity over the contract's
term. We sometimes bear the risk of unanticipated project mod-
ifications, shortage of key personnel, quality problems, financial
difficulties of our customers and/or significant partners, cost
overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected techno-
logical problems, unforeseen developments at the project sites,
unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or political
environment, performance problems with our suppliers, subcon-
tractors and consortium partners or other logistical difficulties.
Some of our multi-year contracts also contain demanding instal-
lation and maintenance requirements in addition to other perfor-
mance criteria relating to timing, unit cost and compliance with
government regulations, which, if not satisfied, could subject us
to substantial contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and
contract termination. There can be no assurance that contracts
and projects, in particular those with long-term duration and
fixed-price calculation, can be completed profitably. To tackle
those risks we implemented a global project management orga-
nization to systematically improve the know-how of our project
management personnel. For very complex projects we conduct
dedicated risk assessments in very early stages of the sales phase
before we decide to hand over a binding offer to our customer.

Interruption of the supply chain: The financial performance of
our Industrial Business depends on reliable and effective supply
chain management for components, sub-assemblies and materi-
als. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from
ineffective supply chain management may lead to delays and
additional cost. We rely on third parties to supply us with parts,
components and services. Using third parties to manufacture,
assemble and test our products reduces our control over manu-
facturing yields, quality assurance, product delivery schedules
and costs. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid
supply-related problems, there can be no assurance that we will
not encounter supply problems in the future, especially if we use

single-source suppliers for critical components. Shortages and de-
lays could materially harm our business. Unanticipated increases
in the price of components or raw materials due to market short-
ages or other reasons could also adversely affect performance.
Furthermore, we may be exposed to the risk of delays and inter-
ruptions in the supply chain as a consequence of catastrophic
events or suppliers’ financial difficulties, particularly if we are
unable to identify alternative sources of supply or means of trans-
portation in a timely manner or at all. Besides other measures,
we mitigate fluctuation in the global raw material markets with
various hedging instruments.

Shortage of skilled personnel: Competition for highly quali-
fied personnel (e.g. specialists, experts, “digital” talents) remains
intense in the industries and regions in which our businesses
operate. We have ongoing demand for highly skilled employees.
Our future success depends in part on our continued ability to
hire, integrate, develop and retain engineers and other qualified
personnel. We address this risk for example with structured suc-
cession planning, employer branding, retention and career man-
agement. Furthermore, the company is strengthening the capa-
bilities and skills of our talent acquisition teams and has defined
a strategy of pro-active search for people with the required skills
in our respective industries and markets. A strong focus on im-
plementing a technology for talent acquisition helps us to sup-
port efficient processes and effective search for key talent.

A.8.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Market price risks: We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange
rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because a
high percentage of our business volume is conducted as exports
from Europe to areas using the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are
exposed to currency effects involving the currencies of emerging
markets, in particular the Chinese yuan. A strengthening of the
euro may change our competitive position. We are also exposed
to fluctuations in interest rates. Negative developments in the
financial markets and changes in the central bank policies may
negatively impact our results. Depending on the development of
foreign currency exchange and interest rates, hedging activities
could have significant effects on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

Liquidity and financing risks: Our treasury and financing activ-
ities could face adverse deposit and/or financing conditions from
negative developments related to financial markets, such as (1)
limited availability of funds (particularly U.S. dollar funds) and
hedging instruments; (2) an updated evaluation of our solvency,
particularly from rating agencies; (3) negative interest rates; and
(4) impacts arising from more restrictive regulation of the finan-
cial sector, central bank policy, or financial instruments. Widening
credit spreads due to uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial
markets might lead to adverse changes of fair market values of our
financial assets, in particular our derivative financial instruments.

Combined Management Report

31


--- Page 31 ---

32

Credit Risks: We provide our customers with various forms of
direct and indirect financing of orders and projects. SFS in partic-
ular bears credit risks due to its financing activities.

Risks from pension obligations: The funded status of our pen-
sion plans may be affected by change in actuarial assumptions,
including the discount rate, as well as movements in financial
markets or a change in the mix of assets in our investment port-
folio. A significant increase in the underfunding may have a neg-
ative effect on our capital structure and rating, and thus may
tighten refinancing options and increase costs. In order to com-
ply with local pension regulations in selected foreign countries,
we may face a risk of increasing cash outflows to reduce an un-
derfunding of our pension plans in these countries.

For further information on post-employment benefits, derivative
financial instruments, hedging activities, financial risk manage-
ment and related measures, see —> NOTES 16, 23 and 24 in B.6 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Audits by tax authorities and changes in tax regulations:
We operate in nearly all countries of the world and therefore are
subject to many different tax regulations. Changes in tax laws in
any of these jurisdictions could result in higher tax expense and
payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could impact our tax
receivables and liabilities as well as deferred tax assets and de-
ferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain tax environment in
some regions could limit our ability to enforce our rights. As a
globally operating organization, we conduct business in countries
subject to complex tax rules, which may be interpreted in differ-
ent ways. Future interpretations or developments of tax regimes
may affect our business, financial condition and results of opera-
tions. We are regularly audited by tax authorities in various juris-
dictions and we continuously identify and assess resulting risks.

A.8.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
corruption, of antitrust violations and of other violations of
law: Proceedings against us regarding allegations of corruption,
of antitrust violations and of other violations of law may lead to
criminal and civil fines as well as penalties, sanctions, injunctions
against future conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications
from directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of business,
the loss of business licenses or permits or other restrictions and
legal consequences. Accordingly, we may, among other things,
be required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities
arising in connection with such investigations and proceedings,
including potential tax penalties. Moreover, any findings related
to public corruption that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009
corruption charge settlements, which we concluded with Ameri-
can and German authorities, may endanger our business with
government agencies and intergovernmental and supranational

Combined Management Report

organizations. Monitors could again be appointed to review fu-
ture business practices and we may otherwise be required to fur-
ther modify our business practices and our compliance program.

A considerable part of our business activities involve govern-
ments and companies with public shareholders. We also partici-
pate in a number of projects funded by government agencies and
intergovernmental and supranational organizations, such as mul-
tilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future investi-
gations into allegations of corruption, of antitrust violations or of
other violations of law could as well impair relationships with
such business partners or could result in the exclusion of public
contracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect existing
private business relationships and our ability to pursue poten-
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as stra-
tegic alliances, joint ventures or other business cooperations, or
could result in the cancellation of certain of our existing con-
tracts. Moreover, third parties, including our competitors, could
initiate significant litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential future
investigations, such as responding to the requests of governmen-
tal authorities and cooperating with them, could divert manage-
ment's attention and resources from other issues facing our busi-
ness. Furthermore, we might be exposed to compliance risks in
connection with recently acquired operations that are in the
ongoing process of integration.

Besides other measures, Siemens established a global compli-
ance organization that conducts among others compliance risk
mitigation processes such as Compliance Risk Assessments, and
which has been reviewed by external compliance experts.

Regulatory risks and potential sanctions: As a globally oper-
ating organization, we conduct business with customers in coun-
tries which are subject to export control regulations, embargoes,
economic sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions (hereafter
referred to as “sanctions”) imposed by the U.S., the European
Union or other countries or organizations. New or expanded sanc-
tions in countries in which we do business may result in a curtail-
ment of our existing business in such countries or indirectly in
other countries. We are also aware of initiatives by institutional
investors, such as pension funds or insurance companies, to
adopt or consider adopting policies prohibiting investment in and
transactions with, or requiring divestment of interests in entities
doing business with, countries identified as state sponsors of ter-
rorism by the U.S. Department of State. It is possible that such
initiatives may result in us being unable to gain or retain investors,
customers or suppliers. In addition, the termination of our activi-
ties in sanctioned countries may expose us to customer claims
and other actions. Our reputation could also suffer due to our
activities with counterparties in or affiliated with these countries.


--- Page 32 ---

Changes of regulations, laws and policies: As a diversified
company with global businesses we are exposed to various prod-
uct- and country-related regulations, laws and policies influenc-
ing our business activities and processes. We monitor the political
and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate po-
tential problem areas, with the aim to quickly adjust our business
activities and processes to changed conditions. However, any
changes of regulations, laws and policies can adversely affect our
business activities and processes as well as our financial condi-
tion and results of operations.

Protectionism (incl. localization): Protectionist trade policies
and changes in the political and regulatory environment in the
markets in which we operate, such as import and export controls,
tariffs and other trade barriers including debarment from certain
markets and price or exchange controls, could affect our business
in several national markets and could impact our business, finan-
cial position and results of operations; and may expose us to pen-
alties, other sanctions and reputational damage. In addition, the
uncertainty of the legal environment in some regions could limit
our ability to enforce our rights and subject us to increasing costs
related to appropriate compliance programs.

Environmental, health&safety and other governmental
regulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are
highly regulated. Current and future environmental, health & safety
and other governmental regulations or changes thereto may re-
quire us to change the way we run our operations and could re-
sult in significant increases in our operating or production costs.
Furthermore, we see the risk of potential environmental and
health &safety incidents as well as potential non-compliance
with environmental and health &safety regulations affecting
Siemens and our contractors or sub-suppliers, resulting in e.g.
serious injuries, penalties, loss of reputation and internal or ex-
ternal investigations.

In addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compli-
ance with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct of
our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations of
applicable governmental regulations may be caused either by us
or by third parties that we contract with, including suppliers or
service providers, whose activities may be attributed to us. Any
such violations expose us to the risk of liability, reputational dam-
age or loss of licenses or permits that are important to our busi-
ness operations. In particular, we could also face liability for dam-
age or remediation for environmental contamination at the
facilities we design or operate. With regard to certain environ-
mental risks, we maintain liability insurance at levels that our
management believes are appropriate and consistent with indus-
try practice. We may incur environmental losses beyond the lim-
its, or outside the coverage, of such insurance, and such losses

may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of our operations.

Current or future litigation: Siemens is and will be in the
course of its normal business operations involved in numerous
legal disputes and proceedings in various jurisdictions. These le-
gal disputes and proceedings could result, in particular, in
Siemens being subject to payment of damages and punitive dam-
ages, equitable remedies or criminal or civil sanctions, fines or
disgorgement of profit. In individual cases this may also lead to
formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or
loss of business licenses or permits. In addition, further legal dis-
putes and proceedings may be commenced or the scope of pend-
ing legal disputes and proceedings may be expanded. Asserted
claims are generally subject to interest rates.

Some of these legal disputes and proceedings could result in ad-
verse decisions for Siemens that may have material effects on our
financial position, the results of operations and cash flows.

Siemens maintains liability insurance for certain legal risks at lev-
els our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. The insurance policy, however, does not pro-
tect Siemens against reputational damage. Moreover, Siemens
may incur losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the limits,
or outside the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any pro-
visions made for losses related to legal proceedings. Finally, there
can be no assurance that Siemens will be able to maintain ade-
quate insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in
the future.

For additional information with respect to specific proceed-
ings, see > NOTE 21 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

A.8.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF

THE OVERALL RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four categories strategic, operational, financial and
compliance risks. The risks caused by highly competitive environ-
ment continue to be the most significant, as in the prior year.

Even though the assessments of individual risk exposures have
changed during fiscal 2017 due to developments in the external
environment, effects of our own mitigation measures and the
revision of our plans, the overall risk situation for Siemens did not
change significantly as compared to the prior year.

At present, no risks have been identified that either individually

or in combination could endanger our ability to continue as a
going concern.

Combined Management Report

33


--- Page 33 ---

34

A.8.4 Opportunities

Within our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) we regularly iden-
tify, evaluate and respond to opportunities that present them-
selves in our various fields of activity. Below we describe our most
significant opportunities. Unless otherwise stated, the opportu-
nities described below relate to all of our segments. The order in
which the opportunities are presented reflects the currently esti-
mated relative exposure for Siemens associated with these op-
portunities and thus provides an indication of the opportunities’
current importance to us. The described opportunities are not
necessarily the only ones we encounter. In addition, our assess-
ment of opportunities is subject to change as the Company, our
markets and technologies are constantly developing. It is also
possible that opportunities we see today will never materialize.

Success from innovation along electrification, automation
and digitalization: Innovation is a central part of our “Vision
2020,” an entrepreneurial concept leading Siemens into the future
in three stages: first we “drive performance,” then we “strengthen
core,” and finally we “scale up" to attain our Vision 2020 goals.
We do this by investing significantly in R&D in order to develop
innovative, sustainable solutions for our customers and to simul-
taneously safeguard our competitiveness. We are an innovative
company and invent new technologies that we expect will meet
future demands arising from the megatrends of demographic
change, urbanization, climate change and globalization. We are
granted thousands of new patents every year and continuously
develop new concepts and convincing business models. We open
up access to new markets and customers through new marketing
and sales strategies as well as Divisional master plans. In 2016
we established next47, an independent unit designed to found,
partner with and invest in start-ups with innovative ideas for
shaping the future of electrification, automation and digitaliza-
tion, and thereby turn those ideas into viable businesses. This will
help Siemens create the next generation of path-breaking inno-
vations in such fields as artificial intelligence, decentralized elec-
trification, autonomous machines, block chain applications and
connected e-mobility. Siemens is positioned along the value
chains of electrification, automation and digitalization in order to
increase future market penetration. Along these value chains,
we have identified several growth fields in which we see our
greatest long-term potential. We are orienting our resource allo-
cation toward these growth fields and have announced concrete
measures in this direction. Across all Divisions, Siemens is profit-
ing from its undisputed strength in the digital enterprise. For
example, the Company’s cloud based MindSphere platform en-
hances the availability of customers’ digital products and systems
and improves their productivity and efficiency. In addition, we try
to generate additional volume and profit from new and innova-
tive digital products, services and solutions, including cyber secu-
rity for our customers, preventive maintenance, data analytics,

Combined Management Report

applications for an optimization of energy consumption, opera-
tion of highly efficient energy grids as well as scalable solutions
for distributed and renewable energy generation.

Mergers, acquisitions, equity investments, partnerships,
divestments and streamlining our portfolio: We constantly
monitor our current and future markets for opportunities for stra-
tegic mergers and acquisitions, equity investments or partner-
ships to complement our organic growth. Such activities may help
us to strengthen our position in our existing markets, provide
access to new or underserved markets or complement our tech-
nological portfolio in selected areas. Opportunities might also
arise from well executed divestments, carve outs and joint ven-
tures which further optimize our portfolio while generating gains.

Increased market penetration: Through divisional sales initia-
tives and masterplans, we continuously strive to grow and ex-
pand our business in established markets, open up new markets.
for existing portfolio elements and strengthen our installed base
in order to gain a higher market share and increased profits.

Favorable political and regulatory environment: Govern-
ment initiatives and subsidies (including tax benefits etc.) may
lead to more government spending (investments in new projects,
modernization of projects etc.) and ultimately result in an in-
crease of revenue and profit for the company.

Economic/political stabilization of certain (critical) coun-
tries and resilience of worldwide economic environment:
We see an opportunity that political stabilization of certain criti-
cal countries and (further) lifting of sanctions may lead to higher
revenue volume that was unavailable in past years. Furthermore,
a return to more robust macroeconomic growth could also lead
to additional volume and profit for the company.

Continuously developing and implementing
reduce costs, boost sales efforts, adjust capacities, improve
our processes, realize synergies: In an increasingly competi-
tive market environment, a competitive cost structure comple-
ments the competitive advantage of being innovative. We be-
lieve that further improvements in our cost position can
strengthen our global competitive position and secure our mar-
ket presence against emerging and incumbent competitors. For
example, we expect to create sustainable value from productivity
measures in connection with our “Vision 2020" concept. More-
over, in course of the digital transformation, we seek to standard-
ize, automate and digitize our processes and make them leaner
and more efficient.

Excellent project execution: By expanding project manage-
ment efforts as well as learning from our mistakes in project ex-
ecution through a formalized lessons learned approach, we see


--- Page 34 ---

an opportunity to continuously reduce non-conformance costs
and ensure on-time delivery of our projects and solutions. Fur-
thermore, stringent project risk and opportunity management,
time schedule management, performance bonuses and highly
professional management of consortium partners and suppliers
all help us to avoid liquidated damages and ultimately improve
our profit position. In addition, improvements of our claim man-
agement processes enable us to reduce costs incurred as a result
of customer claims by finding a consensus with customers while
also improving customer relationship management. At the same
time, we reduce quality problems by proactively addressing sup-
plier issues up front.

Localizing value chain activities: Localizing certain value
chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, mainte-
nance and service in emerging markets could enable us to reduce
costs and strengthen our global competitive position, in particu-
lar compared to competitors based in countries where they can
operate with more favorable cost structures. Moreover, our local
footprint in many countries might help us to take advantage of a
possible growth of markets and leverage a shift in markets, result-
ing in increased market penetration and market share.

Climate change: While climate change is widely considered a
risk, we consider climate change mitigation an opportunity for
Siemens. In line with the global agreement in Paris (COP21) that
entered into force in November 2016, Siemens strives to support
a trend towards reducing CO2 emissions both in own operations
as well as for our customers based on technologies from our en-
vironmental portfolio, such as low-carbon power generation
from renewable energy sources.

Assessment of the overall opportunities situation: The most
significant opportunity for Siemens continues to be success from
innovation along electrification, automation and digitalization as
disclosed in our prior year reporting. Even though our assess-
ment of individual opportunities has changed during fiscal year
2017 due to developments in the external environment, our en-
deavors to profit from them and the revision of our plans, the
overall opportunity situation did not change significantly com-
pared to the prior year.

A.8.5 Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal
control and risk management system

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal con-
trol and risk management system is to ensure that financial
reporting is conducted in a proper manner, such that the Consol-
idated Financial Statements and the Combined Management

Report of Siemens group as well as the Annual Financial State-
ments of Siemens AG as the parent company are prepared in
accordance with all relevant regulations.

Our ERM approach is based on COSO's “Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrated Framework”. As one of the objectives of this
framework is reliability of a company’s financial reporting, it in-
cludes an accounting-related perspective. Our accounting-related
internal control system (control system) is based on the interna-
tionally recognized “Internal Control — Integrated Framework”
also developed by COSO. The two systems are complementary.

At the end of each fiscal year, our management performs an eval-
uation of the effectiveness of the implemented control system,
both in design and operating effectiveness. We have a standard-
ized procedure under which necessary controls are defined, doc-
umented in accordance with uniform standards, and tested reg-
ularly on their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent
limitations on the effectiveness of any control system, and no
system, including one determined to be effective, may prevent
or detect all misstatements.

After the merger of the Siemens wind power business with
Gamesa, we have commenced to integrate the former Gamesa
entities into our accounting-related internal control and risk
management system. These integration efforts will continue in
fiscal 2018.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the basis
of a centrally issued conceptual framework which primarily con-
sists of uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart of
accounts. For Siemens AG and other companies within the
Siemens group required to prepare financial statements in accor-
dance with German Commercial Code, this conceptual frame-
work is complemented by mandatory regulations specific to the
German Commercial Code. The need for adjustments in the con-
ceptual framework due to regulatory changes is analyzed on an
ongoing basis. Accounting departments are informed quarterly
about current topics and deadlines from an accounting and clos-
ing process perspective.

The base data used in preparing our financial statements consists
of the closing data reported by the operations of Siemens AG and
its subsidiaries. The preparation of the closing data of most of our
entities is supported by an internal shared services organization.
Furthermore, other accounting activities, such as governance
and monitoring related activities, are usually bundled on regional
level. In particular cases, such as valuations relating to post-em-
ployment benefits, external experts are used. The reported clos-
ing data is used to prepare the financial statements in the con-
solidation system. The steps necessary to prepare the financial
statements are subject to both manual and automated controls.

Combined Management Report

35


--- Page 35 ---

36

Qualification of employees involved in the accounting process is
ensured through appropriate selection processes and regular
training. As a fundamental principle, based on materiality con-
siderations, the “four eyes” principle applies and specific proce-
dures must be adhered to for data authorization. Additional con-
trol mechanisms include target-performance comparisons and
analyses of the composition of and changes in individual line
items, both in the closing data submitted by reporting units and
in the Consolidated Financial Statements. In line with our infor-
mation security requirements, accounting-related IT systems
contain defined access rules protecting them from unauthorized
access. The manual and system-based control mechanisms re-
ferred to above generally also apply when reconciling the IFRS
closing data to the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG.

On a quarterly basis, an internal certification process is executed.
Management of different levels of our organization, supported
by confirmations of management of entities under their respon-
sibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data that has been
reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and reports on the
effectiveness of the related control systems.

Our internal audit function systematically evaluates our financial
reporting integrity, the effectiveness of the control system and
the risk management system, and the adherence to our compli-
ance policies. In addition, the Audit Committee is integrated into
our control system. In particular, it oversees the accounting and
the accounting process and the effectiveness of the internal con-
trol system, the risk management system and the internal audit
system. Furthermore, we have set up a Disclosure Committee
which is responsible for reviewing certain financial and non-
financial information prior to publication. Moreover, we have
rules for accounting-related complaints.

Combined Management Report

A.9 Siemens AG

The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG have been pre-
pared in accordance with the rules set out in the German Com-
mercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group. Results
for Siemens AG comprise the fields of business activities mainly of
Power and Gas, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mo-
bility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives as well as the
activities of Siemens Real Estate and are significantly influenced
by directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries and investments. The
business development of Siemens AG is fundamentally subject to
the same risks and opportunities as the Siemens Group. Due to
the interrelations between Siemens AG and its subsidiaries and
the relative size of Siemens AG within the Group, the outlook of
the Group also largely reflects our expectations for Siemens AG.
Therefore, the foregoing explanations for the Siemens Group ap-
ply also for Siemens AG. We expect that income from investments
will significantly influence the profit of Siemens AG.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore, we intend to propose a dividend whose dis-
tribution volume is within a dividend payout range of 40% to
60% of net income of the Siemens Group, which we may adjust
for this purpose to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects.
For fiscal 2018, we expect a net income of Siemens AG sufficient
to fund the distribution of a corresponding dividend.

In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, as part of the merger with
Gamesa, Siemens AG transferred its Siemens wind power busi-

ness to entities held by Siemens AG.

As of September 30, 2017, the number of employees was 92,300.


--- Page 36 ---

A.9.1 Results of operations

———— ~~ ETE —
Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Fiscal year

(in millions of €) 2017 2016 % Change

Revenue 26,888 25,763 4%

Cost of Sales (19,979) (19,818) (1)%

Gross profit 6,909 5,945 16%
as percentage of revenue 26% 23%

Research and

development expenses (2,619) (2,454)

Selling and general

administrative expenses (3,627) :
Other operating income
(expenses), net (30) 134
Financial income, net
thereof Income from invest-
ments 3,798 (prior year 3,732) 3,828 3,092 24%
Income from business activity 4,462
Income taxes (385)
Net income 4,076
Profit carried forward 146 256
Allocation to other
retained earnings (1,077) (195) __>(200)%
Unappropriated net income 3,145 3,060 3%

The initial application of the Accounting Directive Implementa-
tion Act (Bilanzrichtlinie-Umsetzungsgesetz, BiIRUG) resulted in
changes in presentation in the income statement in fiscal 2017.
Prior periods are not reported on a comparable basis. Compara-
ble amounts for fiscal 2016 are: revenue €27,043 million, cost of
sales €20,920 million and other operating income (expenses),
net €(44) million.

Increases in Revenue at Mobility and Power and Gas, of €1.0 bil-
lion and €0.5 billion respectively, were more than offset by the
effect of the above-mentioned carve-out of the Siemens Wind
Power business. In fiscal 2016, we recorded revenue of €2.1 bil-
lion at Wind Power and Renewables. On a geographical basis,
75% of revenue was generated in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Mid-
dle East region, 18% in the Asia, Australia region and 7% in the
Americas region. Exports from Germany accounted for 71% of
overall revenue. In fiscal 2017, orders for Siemens AG amounted
to €25.6 billion. Within Siemens AG, the development of revenue
depends strongly on the completion of contracts, primarily in
connection with large orders.

Gross profit was higher year-over-year due mainly to increases
of €0.3 billion in Digital Factory, €0.2 billion in Mobility and
€0.2 billion in Power and Gas.

Despite an increase of €0.2 billion in Research and develop-
ment (R&D) expenses year-over-year, the R&D intensity (R&D
as a percentage of revenue) increased only slightly by 0.2 per-
centage point year-over-year due to the above-mentioned
changes in presentation according to BiIRUG. On an average ba-
sis, we employed 9,600 people in R&D in fiscal 2017.

The increase in Financial income, net was primarily attributable
to an improvement in other financial income (expenses), froma
negative €0.9 billion in the prior-year period to a negative
€0.3 billion. This was mainly due to a positive effect of €0.8 bil-
lion from changes in provisions for risks in derivative financial
instruments. This factor was partly offset by a negative effect of
€0.4 billion from changes in provision for pensions and similar
commitments related to changes in the discount rate assump-
tions. Income from investments was slightly higher compared to
the prior-year period, which included an increase in income from
profit transfer agreements with affiliated companies by €1.0 bil-
lion. However, positive results from investments were nearly off-
set by impairments of investments, which included primarily an
impairment of Siemens AG's investment at Siemens Gamesa
Renewable Energy, S.A., Spain, of €1.2 billion.

The change in Income taxes resulted from higher income tax
expenses, corresponding to a higher taxable share of Income
from business activity and increased burdens from withholding
taxes. In addition, this item included deferred tax expenses and
income resulting from the generation and reversal of temporary
differences between the accounting and tax-based valuation and
the use of loss carry-forwards.

Combined Management Report

37


--- Page 37 ---

38

A.9.2 Net assets and financial position

I ~_ ~~ _—_—_7_—EE~7~__
Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in accordance
with German Commercial Code (condensed)

Sep 30,

(in millions of €) 2017 2016 % Change

Assets

Non-current assets

Intangible and tangible assets 2,348 2,472 (5)%

Financial assets 44,802 44,611 0%
47,150 47,083 0%

Current assets

Receivables and other assets 19,884 16,717 19%

Cash and cash equivalents,

securities 884 3,042 (76)%
20,769 20,359 2%

Prepaid expenses 87 81 8%

Deferred tax assets 2,174 2,256 (4)%

Active difference

resulting from offsetting 60 35 69%

Total assets 70,239 69,814 1%

Liabilities and equity

Equity 21,123 19,368 9%

Special reserve

with an equity portion 681 700 (3)%

Provisions

Pensions and similar

commitments 11,761 11,250 5%

Other provisions 7A17——-8,360 (11)%
19,178 19,610 (2)%

Liabilities

Liabilities to banks 81 14 >200%

Advance payments received 750 619 21%

Trade payables, liabilities

to affiliated companies

and other liabilities 28,065 29,118 (4)%
28,896 29,752 (3)%

Deferred income 361 385 (©%

Total liabilities and equity 70,239 69,814 1%

The Increase in Receivables and other assets was due primarily
to higher receivables from affiliated companies as a result of in-
tra-group financing activities, including higher receivables from
SFS companies and higher receivables resulting from profit trans-
fer agreements.

Combined Management Report

Cash, cash equivalents and securities are significantly affected
by the liquidity management of the Corporate Treasury of
Siemens AG. The liquidity management is based on the financing
policy of the Siemens Group, which is aimed towards a balanced
financing portfolio, a diversified maturity profile and a comfort-
able liquidity cushion. Therefore, the change in liquidity of
Siemens AG was not only driven by business activities of
Siemens AG.

The increase in Equity was attributable to net income for the year
of €4.1 billion, the settlement of exercised warrants of €1.1 bil-
lion and issuance of treasury stock of €0.4 billion in conjunction
with our share-based payments and employee share programs.
These factors were partly offset by dividends paid in fiscal 2017
(for fiscal 2016) of €2.9 billion. In addition, equity was reduced
due to share buybacks during the year amounting to €0.9 billion.
The equity ratios at September 30, 2017 and 2016 were 30% and
28%, respectively. For explanations relating to treasury shares we
refer to AA NOTE 15 in NOTES TO OUR ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OF SIEMENS AG.

The increase in Pension and similar commitments resulted
mainly from a €0.7 billion increase related to interest and service
costs and a €0.4 billion increase related to an adjustment of the
discount rate from 4.08% in fiscal 2016 to 3.77% in fiscal 2017.
This increase was partly offset by €0.6 billion for payments of
pension obligations.

Other provisions decreased due to several factors. The largest
was a decrease of €0.5 billion in provisions for losses from deri-
vative financial transactions. Additionally, provisions for post-
closing guarantees decreased by €0.2 billion and provisions for a
major asset retirement obligation decreased by €0.2 billion, due
primarily to reduced inflation rate assumptions.

The decrease in Trade payables, liabilities to affiliated compa-
nies and other liabilities was due primarily to lower liabilities to
affiliated companies as a result of intra-group financing activities.

A.9.3 Corporate Governance
statement

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Sections 289 a
and 315 para.5 of the German Commercial Code is an integral
part of the Combined Management Report and is presented in
> C.4.2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS
289 A AND 315 PARA. 5 OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE.


--- Page 38 ---

A.10 Compensation Report

This report is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code (Code) and the requirements of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), the German
Accounting Standards (Deutsche Rechnungslegungs Standards)
and the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

A.10.1 Remuneration of Managing
Board members

A.10.1.1 REMUNERATION SYSTEM

The remuneration system for the Siemens Managing Board is in-
tended to provide an incentive for successful corporate manage-
ment with an emphasis on sustainability. Managing Board mem-
bers are expected to make a long-term commitment to and on
behalf of the Company and may benefit from any sustained in-
crease in the Company’s value. For this reason, a substantial
portion of their total remuneration is linked to the long-term
performance of Siemens stock. Their remuneration is to be com-
mensurate with the Company's size and economic position.
Exceptional achievements are to be rewarded adequately, while
falling short of targets is to result in an appreciable reduction in
remuneration. Their compensation is also structured so as to be
attractive in comparison to that of competitors, with a view to
attracting outstanding managers to the Company and retaining
them for the long term.

The system and levels for the Managing Board’s remuneration are
determined and regularly reviewed by the full Supervisory Board,
based on proposals by the Compensation Committee. The Super-
visory Board reviews remuneration levels annually to ensure that
they are appropriate. In this process, the Company’s economic
situation, performance and outlook as well as the tasks and per-
formance of the individual Managing Board members are taken
into account. In addition, the Supervisory Board considers the
common level of remuneration in comparison with peer compa-
nies and with the compensation structure in place in other areas
of the Company. It also takes due account of the relationship
between the Managing Board’s remuneration and that of senior
management and staff, both overall and with regard to its devel-
opment over time. For this purpose, the Supervisory Board has
also determined how senior management and the relevant staff
are to be differentiated. The remuneration system that has been
in place for Managing Board members since fiscal 2015 was ap-
proved at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015.
The individual components of compensation — base compensa-
tion, variable compensation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based
compensation — are weighted equally, and each comprises about
one-third of target compensation. This equal weighting is also
applied to the three target parameters of variable compensation
(Bonus).

Remuneration system for Managing Board members
Share Ownership Guidelines

Requirement to hold Siemens stock
as a multiple of base compensation
throughout the terms of office

1/3 Base compensation

Structure of target compensation

1/3 Long-term
stock-based compensation
Siemens Stock Awards

Target parameter
> Performance of Siemens stock
compared to five competitors

> Variability of target Restriction period

achievement: four years
0-200%
3 times
base 2 times
compensation base
compensation
213
1/3 Variable compensation (Bonus) _Performance-
5 ; A based

President Managing Board > Variability of target achievement:
and CEO member 0-200% add. + 20% adjustment COmbpenseuams

Target parameter:

Earnings Individual
v8 v8 v8

as a percentage of the respective target amount

Maximum amounts of compensation

1.7 times
target compensation’

240% 300%
= || |
Base compensation Variable Long-term Compensation

compensation (Bonus)

stock-based compensation overall

Plus fringe benefits and pension benefit commitments.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 39 ---

40

In fiscal 2017, the Managing Board’s remuneration system had
the following components:

Non-performance-based components

Base compensation

Base compensation is paid as a monthly salary. Since October 1,
2016, the base compensation of President and CEO Joe Kaeser
has amounted to €2,130,000 per year. The base compensation of
the CFO and of those members of the Managing Board who are
responsible for Divisions or for Healthineers has been €1,065,000
per year. For the other member of the Managing Board, it has
been €1,011,000 per year.

Fringe benefits

Fringe benefits include the costs, or the cash equivalent, of non-
monetary benefits and other perquisites, such as the provision
of a company car, contributions toward the cost of insurance,
the reimbursement of expenses for legal advice and tax advice,
accommodation and moving expenses, including a gross-up for
any taxes due in this regard, currency adjustment payments and
costs relating to preventive medical examinations.

Performance-based components

Variable compensation (Bonus)

Variable compensation (Bonus) is based on the Company’s busi-
ness performance in the past fiscal year. The Bonus depends on
an equal one-third weighting of target achievement of the target
parameters return on capital employed, earnings per share and
individual targets. To achieve a consistent target system Compa-
ny-wide, corresponding targets — in addition to other factors —
also apply to senior managers.

For 100% target achievement (target amount), the amount of the
Bonus equals the amount of base compensation. The Bonus is
subject to a ceiling (cap) of 200%. If targets are substantially
missed, variable compensation may not be paid at all (0%).

At its duty-bound discretion, the Supervisory Board may revise
the amount resulting from target achievement downward or up-
ward by as much as 20%; the adjusted amount of the Bonus paid
can thus be as much as 240% of the target amount. In choosing
the factors to be considered in deciding on possible revisions of
the Bonus payouts (+20%), the Supervisory Board takes account
of incentives for sustainable corporate management. Decisions
to make discretionary adjustments may take factors such as the
results of an employee survey or a customer satisfaction survey
into account as well as the Company's economic situation. The
revision option may also be exercised in recognition of Managing
Board members’ individual achievements. The Bonus is paid en-
tirely in cash.

Combined Management Report

Long-term stock-based compensation

Long-term stock-based compensation consists of a grant of for-
feitable stock commitments (Stock Awards) at the beginning of
the fiscal year. In the event of 100% target achievement, the an-
nual target amount for the monetary value of the Stock Awards
commitment is €2,200,000 for the President and CEO (effective
October 1, 2016). For the CFO and for those members of the Man-
aging Board who are responsible for Divisions and for Health-
ineers it is €1,100,000. For the other member of the Managing
Board, it is €1,055,000. Since fiscal 2015, the Supervisory Board
has had the option of increasing the target amount for each
member of the Managing Board, on an individual basis, by as
much as 75% for one fiscal year at a time. This option enables the
Supervisory Board to take account of each Managing Board mem-
ber’s individual accomplishments and experience as well as the
scope and demands of his or her function.

Beneficiaries receive one free share of Siemens stock per Stock
Award after an approximately four-year restriction period and
subject to target attainment. The value of the Siemens shares
to be transferred for Stock Awards after the end of the restric-
tion period depends on the price of the Siemens share at the
time of transfer and on target attainment as defined by the
underlying target system. If target attainment is above 100%,
the members of the Managing Board will receive — in addition
to the Siemens shares committed — a cash payment correspond-
ing to the outperformance. If target attainment is less than
100%, a number of stock commitments equivalent to the short-
fall from the target will be forfeited without replacement. The
total value of the Siemens stock and of the cash payment is
subject to a ceiling of 300% of the relevant target amount. If
this maximum amount of compensation is exceeded, the corre-
sponding entitlement to stock commitments will be forfeited
without replacement.

Target attainment relating to long-term stock-based compensa-
tion is linked to the performance of Siemens stock compared to its
competitors. At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory
Board decides on a target system (target value for 100% and target
line) for the performance of Siemens stock relative to the stock
of — at present — five competitors (ABB, General Electric, Mitsu-
bishi Heavy Industries, Rockwell and Schneider Electric). Changes
in the share price are measured on the basis of a twelve-month
reference period (compensation year) over three years (perfor-
mance period), while Stock Awards are restricted for a period of
four years. When this restriction period expires, the Supervisory
Board determines how much better or worse Siemens stock has
performed relative to the stock of its competitors. This determina-
tion yields a target attainment of between 0% and 200% (cap).


--- Page 40 ---

If significant changes occur among the relevant competitors
during the period under consideration, the Supervisory Board
may take these changes into account, as appropriate, in deter-
mining the values for comparison and/or calculating the relevant
stock prices of those competitors. In the event of extraordinary
unforeseen developments that impact the share price, the Super-
visory Board may decide to reduce the number of committed
Stock Awards retroactively, or it may decide that in lieu of a trans-
fer of Siemens stock only a cash settlement in a defined and lim-
ited amount will be paid, or it may decide to postpone transfers
of Siemens stock for payable Stock Awards until the develop-
ments have ceased to impact the share price.

If a member of the Managing Board violates compliance regu-
lations, the Supervisory Board is entitled at its duty-bound

discretion to revoke without replacement all or some of the
Siemens Stock Awards, depending on the gravity of the compli-
ance violation.

If an employment contract begins during the fiscal year, an equiv-
alent number of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards will be granted
instead of Stock Awards. In lieu of a transfer of shares, only a cash
equivalent is given at the end of the restriction period for Siemens
Phantom Stock Awards. Beyond that, the same provisions agreed
upon for Siemens Stock Awards apply.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
principles apply in general to the Managing Board and to senior
managers. These principles are discussed in more detail in
> NOTE 25 iN B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

ET
Variable compensation (Bonus) and long-term stock-based compensation

Maximum
Remuneration Share of target Target Basis for Target amounts of Value at allo-
component compensation _ parameter assessment achievement compensation cation/transfer
1/3 Return on capital ‘Annual
employed (ROCE) basis
Variable > 0-200 240% of the Dependent
. 7 1/3 Earnings 7 :
compensation —~ 33% . @ 3 years add. +/-20% respective on target
per share, basic EPS. ‘ ‘
(Bonus) adjustment targetamount achievement
1/3 Individual ‘Annual
targets basis
Change in share price Dependent on
Performance of measured on the basis of y
Long-term Siemens stock a twelve-month reference 300% ofthe =~ Target
stock-based ~ 34% 0-200% respective achievement

compared to

compensation 5 competitors

period (compensation
year) over three years
(performance period)

targetamount _- Stock price

at transfer

Maximum amount for compensation overall

In addition to the maximum amounts of compensation for vari-
able compensation and long-term stock-based compensation,
a maximum amount for compensation overall has been defined.
Since fiscal 2014, this amount cannot be more than 1.7 times
higher than target compensation. Target compensation com-
prises base compensation, the target amount for variable com-
pensation and the target amount for long-term stock-based com-
pensation, excluding fringe benefits and pension benefit
commitments. When fringe benefits and pension benefit commit-
ments for a given fiscal year are included, the maximum amount
of compensation overall for that year will increase accordingly.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part of
the remuneration system for the Managing Board and senior
executives. These guidelines require that — after a specified
buildup phase — Managing Board members hold Siemens stock

worth a multiple of their base compensation — 300% for the
President and CEO, 200% for the other members of the Managing
Board — throughout their terms of office on the Managing Board.
The determining figure in this context is the average base com-
pensation that a member of the Managing Board has received
over the four years before the applicable dates of proof of com-
pliance. Hence, changes that have been made to base compensa-
tion in the meantime are included. Non-forfeitable stock commit-
ments (Bonus Awards) which were granted until fiscal 2014 are
taken into account in determining compliance with the Share
Ownership Guidelines.

Compliance with these guidelines must be proven for the first
time after a four-year buildup phase. Thereafter, it must be
proven annually. If the value of a Managing Board member’s
accrued holdings declines below the required minimum due to
fluctuations in the market price of Siemens stock, he or she must
acquire additional shares.

Combined Management Report

41


--- Page 41 ---

42

Pension benefit commitments

Like employees of Siemens AG, the members of the Managing
Board are included in the Siemens Defined Contribution Benefit
Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, Managing Board members receive
contributions that are credited to their personal pension ac-
counts. The amount of these annual contributions is based on a
predetermined percentage related to their base compensation
and the target amount for their Bonuses. This percentage is de-
cided upon annually by the Supervisory Board. Most recently it
was set at 28%. In making its decisions, the Supervisory Board
takes account of the intended level of provision for each individ-
ual and the length of time he or she has been a Managing Board
member as well as the annual and long-term expense to the
Company resulting from that provision. The non-forfeitability of
pension benefit commitments is determined in compliance with
the provisions of the German Company Pensions Act (Betriebsren-
tengesetz). Special contributions may be granted to Managing
Board members on the basis of individual decisions by the Super-
visory Board. If a member of the Managing Board earned a pen-
sion benefit entitlement from the Company before the BSAV was
introduced, a portion of his or her contributions went toward
financing that prior commitment.

Managing Board members are eligible to receive benefits under
the BSAV at the age of 60 or — in the case of benefit commit-
ments made on or after January 1, 2012 — the age of 62. Asa rule,
the accrued pension benefit balance is paid out to Managing
Board members in twelve annual installments. A Managing Board
member or his or her surviving dependents may also request that
his or her pension benefit balance will be paid out in fewer in-
stallments or as a lump sum, subject to the Company’s consent.
The accrued pension benefit balance may also be paid out as a
pension. Furthermore, Managing Board members may choose a
combination of lump sum payments, installment payments (two
to twelve) and pension payments. If the pension option is chosen,
a decision must be made as to whether the payout should include
pensions for surviving dependents. If a member of the Managing
Board dies while receiving a pension, benefits will be paid to his
or her surviving dependents if the member has chosen such
benefits. The Company will then provide a limited-term pension
to surviving children until they reach the age of 27 or, in the case
of benefit commitments made on or after January 1, 2007, until
they reach the age of 25.

Benefits from the retirement benefit system that was in place
before the BSAV was established are normally granted as pension
benefits with a surviving dependent’s pension. In this case also,
payout in installments or a lump-sum payment may be chosen
instead of pension payments.

Like other eligible employees of Siemens AG, Managing Board
members who were employed by the Company on or before

Combined Management Report

September 30, 1983, are entitled to receive transition payments
for the first six months after retirement, equal to the difference
between their final base compensation and the retirement ben-
efits payable under the corporate pension plan if they retire im-
mediately after the termination of their Managing Board mem-
bership. The provisions of the German Company Pensions Act
(Betriebsrentengesetz) do not apply to this benefit.

Commitments in connection with the termination
of Managing Board membership

Managing Board employment contracts provide for a compensa-
tory payment if membership on the Managing Board is termi-
nated prematurely by mutual agreement and without serious
cause. The amount of this payment must not exceed the value of
two years’ compensation and must compensate no more than
the remaining term of the contract (cap). The amount of the
compensatory payment is calculated on the basis of base com-
pensation, together with the variable compensation and the
long-term stock-based compensation actually received during
the last fiscal year before termination. The compensatory pay-
ment is payable in the month when the member leaves the Man-
aging Board. In addition, a one-time special contribution is made
to the BSAV. The amount of this contribution is based on the
BSAV contribution that the Managing Board member received in
the previous year and on the remaining term of his or her ap-
pointment, but is limited to not more than two years’ contribu-
tions (cap). The above benefits are not paid if an amicable termi-
nation of the member's activity on the Managing Board is agreed
upon at the member’s request, or if there is serious cause for the
Company to terminate the employment relationship.

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in a Managing Board member's position — for example,
due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Manag-
ing Board member's duties and responsibilities — the Managing
Board member has the right to terminate his or her contract with
the Company. A change of control exists if one or more share-
holders acting jointly or in concert acquire a majority of the vot-
ing rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling influence or
if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a result of
entering into an intercompany agreement within the meaning of
Section 291 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)
or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an existing corporation or
other entity. If this right of termination is exercised, the Manag-
ing Board member is entitled to a severance payment in the
amount of not more than two years’ compensation. The calcula-
tion of the annual compensation will include not only the base
compensation and the target amount for the Bonus, but also the
target amount for Stock Awards, in each case based on the most
recent fiscal year completed prior to the termination of the mem-
ber’s contract. The stock-based components for which a firm
commitment already exists will remain unaffected. There is no


--- Page 42 ---

entitlement to a severance payment if the Managing Board mem-
ber receives benefits from third parties in connection with a
change of control. Moreover, there is no right to terminate if the
change of control occurs within a period of twelve months prior
to a Managing Board member's retirement.

Compensatory or severance payments also cover non-monetary
benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total compensation
or severance amount. Compensatory or severance payments will
be reduced by 10% as a lump-sum allowance for discounted val-
ues and for income earned elsewhere. However, this reduction
will apply only to the portion of the compensatory or severance
payment that was calculated without taking into account the first
six months of the remaining term of the Managing Board mem-
ber’s employment contract.

Stock commitments that were made as long-term stock-based
compensation and for which the restriction period is still in effect
will be forfeited without replacement if the employment contract
is not extended after the end of an appointment period, either at
the Managing Board member's request or because there is seri-
ous cause that would have entitled the Company to revoke the
appointment or terminate the contract. However, once granted,
Stock Awards are not forfeited if the employment contract is ter-
minated by mutual agreement at the Company’s request, or be-
cause of retirement, disability or death or in connection with a
spinoff, the transfer of an operation, or a change of activity
within the corporate group. In these cases, the Stock Awards will
remain in effect upon termination of the employment contract
and will be honored on expiration of the restriction period.

Secondary activities of Managing Board members
Members of the Managing Board may take on secondary activi-
ties — in particular, supervisory board positions outside the
Company — only with the approval of the Chairman's Committee
of the Supervisory Board. The full Supervisory Board remains
responsible for decisions regarding any adjustments to Manag-
ing Board compensation necessary to take account of possible

compensation for secondary activities. The holding of positions
in Siemens companies is considered to be covered by contractual
Managing Board remuneration. As a rule, Managing Board mem-
bers are obligated to waive any compensation that may be due
to them in connection with such positions. Should a waiver not
be possible under the legal or tax regulations applicable to a
Siemens company, the compensation paid to a Managing Board
member in connection with such a position will be set off against
the remuneration due to him or her in connection with his or her
Managing Board activities. Memberships in supervisory boards
whose establishment is required by law or in comparable domes-
tic or foreign controlling bodies of business enterprises are listed
in Section -> c.4.1 in c.4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

A.10.1.2. REMUNERATION OF MANAGING BOARD
MEMBERS FOR FISCAL 2017

At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board set the
target parameters return on capital employed (ROCE) and earn-
ings per share (EPS) for the variable compensation (Bonus) for all
members of the Managing Board, in each case on the basis of
continuing and discontinued operations. The target values for
the EPS component were defined on a multi-year basis. In defin-
ing the target for variable compensation, the Supervisory Board
also defined individual targets so as to take fuller account of the
individual performance of each Managing Board member. As a
rule, up to five individual targets were defined for this purpose.
An internal review of the appropriateness of Managing Board
compensation for fiscal 2017 has confirmed that the remunera-
tion of the Managing Board resulting from target achievement
for fiscal 2017 is to be considered appropriate. In light of this re-
view and following a review of the achievement of the targets
defined at the beginning of the fiscal year, the Supervisory Board
has decided to define the amounts of variable compensation,
stock commitments and pension benefit contributions as follows:

Variable compensation (Bonus)
The following targets were set and attained with respect to the
target parameters for variable compensation:

Target parameter

100% of target Actual FY 2017 figure Target achievement?

Return on capital employed, ROCE*

13.54%

Earnings per share, basic EPS* (02015-2017)

€7.67

Individual targets

1. Continuing and discontinued operations. 2

Calculative target achievement for ROCE was 51.33%. The Supervisory Board adjusted this figure to reflect the acquisition of

~ Mentor Graphics and the merger of Siemens’ wind power business with Gamesa Corporacién Tecnolégica S.A. (Gamesa).

In fiscal 2017, Bonus-related target attainment by Managing
Board members was between 113.89% and 123.89%. In its overall

assessment, the Supervisory Board decided not to make any dis-
cretionary adjustments to the Bonus payout amounts.

Combined Management Report

43


--- Page 43 ---

Long-term stock-based compensation oon
‘Since beneficiaries are not entitled to receive dividends, the ‘Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2017

number of stock commitments granted was based on the ae
Closing price of Siemens stock in Xetra trading on the date Saad
of award less the present value of dividends expected during ‘Amounts in thousands of © 206 207 (Min) (Max)
the restriction period. The share price used to determine the Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 2,130
number of stock commitments was €91.32 (2016: €75.60). based components Fringe benefits? 104

Total 234
Commitments in connection with the Performance-based without longterm incentive effec, ‘One-year variable compensation
termination of Managing Board membership components non-sock-based (Bonus) ~ Target amount 2.130
Because Prof. Dr. Russwurm left the Managing Board at the wth iongterm incent t M Wi year variable compensation’ a
end of his term of office on March 31, 2017, no commit- ‘ion period: four years) 2,096
ments were agreed upon in connection with the termina- Total 6.460
tion of his Managing Board membership. In accordance with Service Cost 1193
his contract with the Company, the previously granted Stock Total (Code) 7,653. 327 WATS
Awards, for which the restriction period is still in effect, will ‘Total compensation of all Managing Board members for fiscal 2017, in accordance with the applicable reporting
be absolutely maintained. standards, amounted to €33 97 millon 2016: €28.90 milion). The payout armoury presented below isto be wed

instead of the target value according to the Code for one-year variable compensation. Service costs for pension
benefits are not included.

Total compensation Performance-based without long-term incentive effect, ‘One-year variable compensation

On the basis of the Supervisory Board's decisions described components non-stock based (@onus) ~ Payout amount 2773 2,639
above, Managing Board compensation for fiscal 2017 totaled Total compensation 7,056 6,969
€33.97 million (2016: €28.90 million), an increase of 17.5%.

Of this total amount, €20.73 (2016: €20.19 million)
was attributable to cash compensation and €13.24 million
(2016: €8.71 million) to stock-based compensation.

‘Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2017
The compensation presented on the following pages was imaging ‘s tel

granted to the members of the Managing Board for fiscal
2017 (individual disclosure).

‘Amounts in thousands of

Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation)
based components Fringe benefits!

Total
Performance-based ‘without long-term incentive effec, ‘One-year variable compensation
‘components rnon-stock-based (Bonus) ~ Target amount

with long-term incentive effect, ‘Multi-year variable compensation®>

stockbased ‘Siemens Stock Awards*

(restriction period: four years)

Total

Service Cost

Total (Code) *

Total compensation of all Mana
standards, amounted to €33,97
instead of the target value acco
benefits are not included.

Performance-based ‘without long-term incentive effect,

components

Total compensation

1 2017, in accordance with the applicable reporting
‘The payout amount presented below is to be used
friable compensation. Service costs for pension

Tndalcnoalops x promanerbod omponar
Sutera ee Seueeoas tar aameyesas ce sconcolon en lomchewres
ESB Eae epaay itm ano nao Sensdiane gh scans carta gen ene f tut cmpqsons carry ocd
Seated else nena estat games meat Sens Ota canta eae Sete ergo nie pe hea
Site. comstorand nay genes egy tee oe teepimetnntonlaiseen ot omer

‘companents tal conpensaton anuned w 3.57.70
(aos. eszaram,

2. Ms Dakss compensation’ pai outin Germany neues.

Carencyadusiment payments ond casts raaing Io preventive medal examinations
Inthe amount of 748 537 O16: €35 32.

‘he igure orndvul macenamstor mula varablecompensatin reflect he
{omblematimm ae macadonceveth the maxenom amount see oon or
‘ea 207 nats 300% of he ppbeabe target amour.

‘he epee recep stock ted competion fer mebers of he

‘Managing Borin acoranceth he FS n cal 217 an acl 20T6amented
{9 €1900 97 and €8,29432 reaped, Te flowng nouns eae a {age compensation ase conpenston target amount rhe

{onus andthe gel amount forlong tem stakaed compen
‘the member ofthe Managing Boar in ec 217 Je Racer €3 244690 GON. a a
44 Combined Management Report Ree eerie ee One eee ee resting to 10% tagetachieverent wer €12 580417 2016: ater), the mamum amounts kssthan the total of te

(659,020 20%: € 080,022)

‘etal maximum compensation fr fc 2017 represen the con
trots macmam amaunt fr overal compensation excng
‘ning befits and prsion Bnet commitments AT umes

Jusment payment was arte.



--- Page 44 ---

Dr. Roland Busch Lisa Davis” Klaus Helmrich Janina Kugel

Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member Managing Board member

2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017
2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max) 2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max) 2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max) 2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max)
1,043 1,065 1,065 1,065 1,043 1,065 1,065 1,065 1,043 1,065 1,065 1,065 989 1,011 1,011 1,011
55 55 55 55 683 512 512 512 48 52 52 52 39 40 40 40
1,098 1,120 1,120 1,120 1,726 1,577 1,577 1,577 1,091 1,117 1,117 1,117 1,027. 1,051 1,051 1,051
1,043 1,065 0 2,556 1,043 1,065 0 2,556 1,043 1,065 0 2,556 989 1,011 0) 2,426
1,099 1,048 0 3,300 1,099 1,048 0 3,300 1,099 1,048 0 3,300 1,059 1,005 0 3,165
3,240 3,233 1,120 5,491 3,868 3,690 1,577 5,491 3,233 3,230 1,117 5,491 3,075 3,067 1,051 5,231
603 622 622 622 576 566 566 566 602 621 621 621 530 593 593 593
3,843 3,855 1,742 6,113 4443 4,256 2,143 6,057 3,835 3,851 1,738 6,112 3,604 3,659 1,643 5,823
1,387 1,387 1,248 1,370 1,284 1,282
3,584 4,212 3,873 3,560 3,448 3,368

Cedrik Neike®* Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Managing Board member

Michael Sen” Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm”

Managing Board member Managing Board member

since April 1, 2017 since April 1, 2017 CFO until March 31, 2017
2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017
2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max) 2016 2017 (Min) ~~ (Max) 2016 2017 (Min) ~— (Max) 2016 2017
- 533 533 533 - 533 533 533 1,043 1,065 1,065 1,065 1,043 533
- 15 15 15 - 115 115 115 61 69 69 69 78 39
- 548 548 548 - 648 648 648 1,104 1,134 1,134 1,134 1,121 572
- 533 0 1,278 ~ 533 0 1,278 1,043 1,065 O 2,556 1,043 533
— 4,079 0 1,650 - 1,347 0) 3,075 1,099 1,048 0 3,300 1,099 524
- 5,159 548 2,746 - 2,528 648 2,746 3,246 3,247 1,134 5,491 3,263 1,628
— 1,214 1,214 1,214 ~ 703 703 703 603 622 622 622 602 621
- 6,373 1,762 3,959 - 3,231 1,351 3,449 3,849 3,869 1,756 6,113 3,865 2,249
- 606 - 624 1,370 1,284 1,317 606
- 5,233 - 2,619 3,573 3,466 3,538 1,702
8 To compensate for the forfeiture of stock at his previous em- 9 Mr. Neike was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of to social insurance or comparable statutory systems in China
ployer, the Supervisory Board has granted Mr. Neike a one-time Directors of Siemens Ltd. China, effective May 1, 2017. Of the additional to those he incurs in Germany.
sum of €4,200,000. Seventy-five percent of this amount was fixed compensation and one-year (payout amount) and multi- 10. To compensate for the forfeiture of stock and pension contri

awarded in the form of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards and the
remaining 25% as a special pension benefit contribution. One
half of the total amount of these granted Siemens Phantom
Stock Awards fell due and was honored in September 2017. The
other half will fall due and be honored in September 2018. The
value of these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards depends solely
on the performance of Siemens stock. As compensation for
the forfeiture of stock at his previous employer, these Siemens
Phantom Stock Awards are not taken into account when deter-
mining target compensation and hence are not included in

the individual minimum and maximum amounts specified.

year variable compensation reported here, an amount of
-€359,769 was granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China and set
off against the remuneration for his Managing Board activities at
Siemens AG. Of the fringe benefits reported here, an amount of
-€7,778 was granted and paid by Siemens Ltd. China. In addition,
ithas been agreed that Siemens AG will offset, as a net amount,
any personal tax burden that, due to Mr. Neike's two employ-
ment relationships, exceeds the burden that he would incur

if he paid tax solely on the benefits granted to him under his
employment contract with Siemens AG in Germany. Siemens AG
will also offset any burdens due to charges and contributions

butions at his previous employer, the Supervisory Board has
granted Mr. Sen a one-time sum of €950,000. One half of this
amount was awarded in the form of Siemens Phantom Stock
‘Awards and the other half as a special pension benefit contri-
bution.

Prof. Dr. Russwurm left the Managing Board effective the end
of March 31, 2017.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 45 ---

46

Allocations

The following table shows allocations for fiscal 2017 for
fixed compensation, fringe benefits, one-year variable
‘compensation and multi-year variable compensation - by
reference year ~ as well as the expense of pension benefits.
In deviation from the multi-year variable compensation
granted for fiscal 2017 and shown above, this table in-
cludes the actual figure for multi-year variable compensa-
tion granted in previous years and allocated in fiscal 2017.

Combined Management Report

‘Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2017

Joe Kaeser
President and CEO
‘Amounts in thousands of © 207 2016
Non-performance- Fixed compensation (base compensation) 2,130 2,034
based components Fringe benefits" 104 102
Total 2,234 2136

Performance-based ‘without long-term incentive effect,
‘components rnon-stock 2,639 2773
with long-term incentive effect, stockbased jear variable compensation 4,570 2310

‘Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2012-2016)? 3,542

‘Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2011-2015)* o
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2012-2 1,028
Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2011 ~2015} 0 1,407,
‘Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2013-2015) ° o
Other 200 7
Total 9,643 7316
Service Cost 1,193, 1.101
Total (Code) 10,835 3,6

‘Managing Board members serving as of September 30, 2017

‘Amounts in thousands of

Non-performance- Fixed comper (base compensation)
based components Fringe benefits

Total
Performance-based ‘without long-term incentive effect, ‘One-year variable compensation
‘components rnon-stock-based. (Bonus) ~ Payout amount?

‘with long-term incentive effect, stockbased

Multi-year variable compensation

‘Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2012-2016)?

Siemens Stock Awards (restriction period: 2011 2015)*

Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2012-2016) *

Bonus Awards (waiting period: 2011-2015)

‘Share Matching Plan (vesting period: 2013-2015)

‘Other*

Total

Service Cost

Total (Code)

1 Fengetenefisinlude thecosts othe cash equnaient af mn-manetay Benes
and otetpergusts suchas th prowson af eampary carsn he amount ot
‘€58957 GON: €59,67,contrButns toma the oso surance nthe amount
‘of €94581 201. €19,799), the emburament of expenses for eal adv and ak
‘sve, acommodaton and moving expense, nelding any tes ve in hs gard
urancyadsiment aymentsand Coss resting Io preventive medial examinations
‘nthe amount 748 37 2016 €755327

2, The pajoutamountof ane yearvarable compensation Bonus) presented above
thererereprrentsthe amount sardd for fia! 20U7, whch be pai ot
January 2078

"2 Forone half the Semen Stock Avardt 200, target ata
‘ment depended onthe EP forthe las teers and
mounted 154% Forth other al target atarment as
Inte othe peformanceot Stemens stock congated o dened
competitors during fe fouryearrestictin peed amounted
{08m Of the Semere Stock amards200, whch wem granted
fon the bass of WO target attainment. number equnatet
‘these fom tht arget expeed witout epacermentn
‘cordance wih pan res.

44 Forone htt te Semens Stock Avards207 tage atanment
depended onthe PST fe pat thee Fal yas and amounted

‘wT forthe cher al gel atanmen! vasintad othe 6 “Other icudes the ajstment ofthe Semens Sock Awards
performanceot Sime stock compared to defined competitors

Garing the four year vesting ped amounted 00%. Thee
{ore Siemens Stock Anard 207 hathagalendy ben granted
ware foreied withas replacement in accordance wih te plan
ie

Tocompensate forthe fret of sock ats previous em
(Oneal the nus for seal 20tLand cal 200 was rantel ployer theSupawsary Board has granted Mi Nee ae Line

In thefor of non-forbtable anais of Semen tock Bonus Sum of €4200 000, Seven fae percent of fisamount was
‘war te the expat of the fou year wating pet Svardod nthe for of Samers Phantom Stock Aas and he
"November 2015 nd November 20% espectvey the benefca- __remaing 29% a2 seca penson bene controuton. One
‘erraceed one threo Semns stock ar ach Bonus Ana ‘aot the otal amount ofthese granted Siemens Phantom


--- Page 46 ---

Dr. Roland Busch

Managing Board member

Lisa Davis

Managing Board member

Klaus Helmrich

Managing Board member

Janina Kugel

Managing Board member

2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
1,065 1,043 1,065 1,043 1,065 1,043 1,011 989
55 55 512 683 52 48 40 39
1,120 1,098 1,577 1,726 1,117 1,091 1,051 1,027
1,284 1,387 1,248 1,387 1,284 1,370 1,151 1,282
2,949 1,259 0 3,052 1,301 oO oO
2,024 0 oO 0 2,024 0 0 oO
i) 555 oO 0 i) 598 0 oO

925 0 oO 0 1,028 0 0 oO
oO 703 oO 0 i) 703 0 oO

i) 0 oO 0 i) 0 0 oO

129 53 0 133 55 0 oO
5,482 3,797 2,825 3,113 5,586 3,816 2,202 2,309
622 603 566 576 621 602 593 530
6,104 4,399 3,391 3,688 6,207 4,418 2,795 2,839

Cedrik Neike’®

Managing Board member

Michael Sen?
Managing Board member

Dr. Ralf P. Thomas

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm

Managing Board member

since April 1, 2017 since April 1, 2017 CFO until March 31, 2017

2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016

533 - 533 - 1,065 1,043 533 1,043

15 - 115 - 69 61 39 78

548 - 648 - 1,134 1,104 572 1,121

606 - 624 - 1,284 1,370 606 1,317

0 - oO - 891 465 3,052 2,310

0 - 0 - 891 i) 2,024 0

0 - 0 - oO 397 0 903

0 - 0 - oO i) 1,028 0

0 - 0 - oO i) 0 1,407

- 0 - oO 67 0 i)

1,402 ~ ~ 39 20 133 97

2,556 - 1,272 - 3,347 2,958 4,363 4,845

1,214 - 703 - 622 603 621 602

3,770 1,975 3,969 3,561 4,984 5,447
Stock Awards fell due and was honored in September 2017. The fringe benefits reported here, an amount of €7,778 was granted 9_To compensate for the forfeiture of stock and pension contri-

other half will fall due and be honored in September 2018. The
value of these Siemens Phantom Stock Awards depends solely
on the performance of Siemens stock.

Mr. Neike was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Siemens Ltd. China, effective May 1, 2017. Of the
fixed compensation and one-year variable compensation (pay-
out amount) reported here, an amount of €222,802 was granted
and paid by Siemens Ltd. China and set off against the remune-
ration for his Managing Board activities at Siemens AG. Of the

and paid by Siemens Ltd. China. in addition, it has been agreed
that Siemens AG will offset, as a net amount, any personal tax
burden that, due to Mr. Neike’s two employment relationships,

exceeds the burden that he would incur if he paid tax solely

on the benefits granted to him in his employment contract,

with Siemens AG in Germany. Siemens AG will also offset any
burdens due to charges and contributions to social insurance
or comparable statutory systems in China additional to those

he incurs in Germany.

butions at his previous employer, the Supervisory Board has
granted Mr. Sen a one-time sum of €950,000. Half of this

amount was awarded in the form of Siemens Phantom Stock
‘Awards and the other half as a special pension benefit contri-

bution.

Prof. Dr. Russwurm left the Managing Board effective the end

of March 31, 2017.

Combined Management Report

47


--- Page 47 ---

48

Pension benefit commitments

For fiscal 2017, the members of the Managing Board were
granted contributions under the BSAV totaling €5.0 million
(2016: €4.6 million), based on a resolution of the Supervisory
Board dated November 8, 2017. Of this amount, €0.1 million
(2016: €0.1 million) related to the funding of pension commit-
ments earned prior to transfer to the BSAV.

The contributions under the BSAV are added to the personal pen-
sion accounts each January, following the close of the fiscal year.
Until a beneficiary's date of retirement, his or her pension account
is credited with an annual interest payment (guaranteed interest)
on January 1 of each year. The interest rate is currently 0.90%.

The following table shows individualized details of the contribu-
tions (allocations) under the BSAV for fiscal 2017 as well as the
defined benefit obligations for pension commitments.

Total Defined benefit obligation? for all pension
contributions’ for commitments excluding deferred compensation?
(Amounts in €) 2017 2016 2017 2016
Managing Board members
serving as of September 30, 2017
Joe Kaeser 1,192,800 1,139,040 11,195,488
Dr. Roland Busch 596,400 583,968 4,742,811
Lisa Davis 596,400 968 4,532,350
Klaus Helmrich 596,400 5,007,306
Janina Kugel 566,160 1,628,418
Cedrik Neike* 298,200 - 1,213,897 -
Michael Sen> 298,200 - 703,169 -
Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 596,400 583,968 4,727,702
Former members of the Managing Board
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm® 298,200 583,968 6,317,937
Total 5,039,160 4,612,608 40,069,078 34,624,669

The expenses (service cost) recognized in accordance with 3. Deferred compensation totals €4,001,386 (2016: €3,829,397), 5 Mr. Sen was appointed a full member of the Managing

the IFRS in fiscal 2017 for Managing Board members’ entitle- including €3,590,178 for Joe Kaeser (2016: €3,428,243), Board effective April 1, 2017,

‘ments under the BSAV in fiscal 2017 amounted to €354,801 for Klaus Helmrich (2016: €343,953) and €56,407

6 Prof. Dr. Russwurm left the Managing Board effective the

€6,754,665 (2016: €4,615,543). for Dr. Ralf P. Thomas (2016: €57,201). = ond of March 31, 2017.
2. The defined benefit obligations reflect one-time special 4 Mr. Neike was appointed a full member of the Managing
contributions to the BSAV for new appointments from out- Board effective Apri 1, 2017.

side the Company, amounting to €1,525,000 (2016: €0).

In fiscal 2017, former members of the Managing Board and their
surviving dependents received emoluments within the meaning
of Section 314 para.1 No.6 b of the German Commercial Code
totaling €34.1 million (2016: €52.3 million). The previous year’s
figure includes the lump-sum payments of the former Managing
Board members Prof. Dr. Requardt and Mr. Solmssen.

Combined Management Report

The defined benefit obligation (DBO) of all pension commit-
ments to former members of the Managing Board and their sur-
viving dependents as of September 30, 2017, amounted to
€191.5 million (2016: €216.3 million). This figure is included in
> NOTE 16 in B.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Other
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Managing Board.


--- Page 48 ---

A.10.1.3 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION INSTRUMENTS
IN FISCAL 2017

Stock commitments
The following table shows the changes in the balance of the stock
commitments held by Managing Board members in fiscal 2017:

Vested and
Granted fulfilled Forfeited
Balance at beginning of during during during Balance at end of
fiscal 2017 fiscal year’ fiscal year fiscal year? fiscal 2017?
Non-forfeitable Forfeitable Forfeitable Commitments Non-forfeitable Forfeitable
commitments commitments commitments of Bonus Commitments commitments commitments
of Bonus of Stock of Stock Awards and of Stock of Bonus of Stock
(Amounts in number of units) Awards Awards Awards Stock Awards Awards Awards Awards
Managing Board members
serving as of September 30, 2017
Joe Kaeser 25,631 138,923 24,092 41,904 1,752 16,206 128,784
Dr. Roland Busch 19,425 75,263 12,046 27,042 1,001 10,942 67,749
Lisa Davis 576 53,261 12,046 0 0 576 65,307
Klaus Helmrich 19,536 75,263 12,046 27,984 1,001 10,111 67,749
Janina Kugel - 29,412 11,553 0 0 0 40,965
Cedrik Neike*5¢ - - 31,7547 12,6557 0 0 19,099
Michael Sen5® - - 11,225 0 0 0 11,225
Dr. Ralf P. Thomas 5,030 57,250 12,046 8,166 440 5,030 60,690
Former members of the
Managing Board
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm? 20,043 78,633 6,023 27,984 1,001 10,618 65,096
Total 90,241 508,005 132,831 145,735 5,196 53,483 526,664
1. The weighted average fair value as of the grant date for pensation by the relevant Managing Board member before 7 Amounts also include the non-forfeitable Stock Awards,

fiscal 2017 was €99.70 per granted share. joining the Managing Board.

2. Forone half of the Siemens Stock Awards 2012, target 4 Mr. Neike was appointed a full member of the Managing
attainment depended on the EPS value for the past three Board effective April 1, 2017.
fiscal years and amounted to 154%. For the other half, target_ 5 since Mr. Neike und Mr. Sen were appointed full members
attainment was linked to the performance of Siemens stock = Cf the Managing Board during the fiscal year, the target
compared to defined competitors during the four-year amount for their stock-based compensation was prorated
restriction period. It amounted to 87%. Of the Siemens Stock and, instead of Stock Awards, they received an equivalent
‘Awards 2012, which were granted on the basis of 100% amount of Siemens Phantom Stock Awards. In lieu of a trans-
target attainment, a number equivalent to the shortfall from fer of shares, only a cash equivalents given for these awards
that target expired, accordingly, without replacement in atthe end of the restriction period. Otherwise, the same
accordance with plan rules provisions agreed upon for Siemens Stock Awards apply.

3. Amounts also include stock commitments (Stock Awards) The amounts shown include the Stock Awards granted to

granted in November 2016 for fiscal 2017. These amounts

Mr. Neike by Siemens Ltd. China in his capacity as Executive
may further include stock commitments received as com- by pacity

Chairman of the Board of Directors of Siemens Ltd. China,

10

1

which Mr. Neike received as forfeiture of stock at his previous
employer. One half of the total amount of these granted
Siemens Phantom Stock Awards fell due and was honored in
September 2017. The other half will fall due and be honored
in September 2018. The value of these Siemens Phantom
Stock Awards depends solely on the performance of Siemens
stock.

Mr. Sen was appointed a full member of the Managing
Board effective April 1, 2017.

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm left the Managing Board
effective the end of March 31, 2017.

Combined Management Report

49


--- Page 49 ---

50

Shares from the Share Matching Plan

Fiscal 2011 was the last year in which Managing Board members
were entitled to participate in the Siemens Share Matching Plan.
Under the plan, they were entitled to invest up to 50% of the
annual gross amount of their variable cash compensation, as de-
termined for fiscal 2010, in Siemens shares. After the expiration
of a vesting period of approximately three years, plan partici-
pants are entitled to receive one free matching share of Siemens
stock for every three Siemens shares acquired and continuously
held under the plan, provided the participants were employed
without interruption at Siemens AG or a Siemens company until
the end of the vesting period. At the beginning of fiscal 2017,
Janina Kugel had three entitlements to matching shares, which
she had acquired before joining the Managing Board. In fiscal
2017, no entitlements to matching shares were acquired, due or

are forfeited. Entitlements to matching shares at the end of fiscal
2017 show the following balance: Janina Kugel, three shares with
a fair value of €174.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The deadlines by which the individual Managing Board mem-
bers must provide first-time proof of compliance with the
Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines vary from member to
member, depending on when he or she was appointed to the
Managing Board. The following table shows the number of
Siemens shares that were held by Managing Board members in
office at September 30, 2017, as of the March 2017 deadline for
proving compliance with the Share Ownership Guidelines as
well as the number that are to be held permanently with a view
to future deadlines.

Obligations under Share Ownership Guidelines

Required Proven
Percentage Percentage
of base Number of base Number
(Amounts in number of units or €) compensation’ Value’ ofshares? compensation’ Value? of shares?
Managing Board members serving
as of September 30, 2017, and required
to show proof as of March 10, 2017
Joe Kaeser 300% 51,039 567% 10,424,316
Dr. Roland Busch 200% 2,029,863 18,781 291% 2,953,070
Klaus Helmrich 200% 2,010,175 18,599 308% 3,093,142
Total 9,556,381 88,419 16,470,527
1, The amount of the obligation is based on the average base. —-2-_-Based on the average Xetra opening price of €108.08 forthe 3 As of March 10, 2017 (date of proof), including Bonus
compensation for the four years prior to the respective dates fourth quarter of 2016 (October - December). Awards.
of proof.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 50 ---

A.10.2, Remuneration of Supervisory
Board members

The current remuneration policies for the Supervisory Board
were authorized at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on
January 28, 2014, and are effective as of fiscal 2014. Details are
set out in Section 17 of the Articles of Association of Siemens AG.
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board consists entirely of
fixed compensation; it reflects the responsibilities and scope of
the work of the Supervisory Board members. The Chairman and
Deputy Chairmen of the Supervisory Board as well as the Chair-
men and members of the Audit Committee, the Chairman's Com-
mittee, the Compensation Committee, the Compliance Commit-
tee and the Innovation and Finance Committee receive additional
compensation.

Under current rules, the members of the Supervisory Board re-
ceive an annual base compensation of €140,000; the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board receives a base compensation of
€280,000, and each of the Deputy Chairmen receives €220,000.

The members of the Supervisory Board committees receive the
following additional fixed compensation for their committee
work: the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives €160,000,
and each of the other members of the Committee receives
€80,000; the Chairman of the Chairman’s Committee receives
€120,000, and each of the other members of the Committee re-
ceives €80,000; the Chairman of the Compensation Committee
receives €100,000, and each of the other members of the Com-
mittee receives €60,000 (compensation for any work on the
Chairman's Committee counts toward compensation for work on

the Compensation Committee); the Chairman of the Innovation
and Finance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the other
members of the Committee receives €40,000; the Chairman of
the Compliance Committee receives €80,000, and each of the
other members of the Committee receives €40,000. However, no
additional compensation is paid for work on the Compliance
Committee if a member of that Committee is already entitled to
compensation for work on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member does not attend a meeting of the
Supervisory Board, one-third of the aggregate compensation due
to that member is reduced by the percentage of Supervisory Board
meetings not attended by the member in relation to the total
number of Supervisory Board meetings held during the fiscal year.
In the event of changes in the composition of the Supervisory
Board and/or its committees, compensation is paid on a pro rata
basis, rounding up to the next full month.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled
to receive a fee of €1,500 for each meeting of the Supervisory
Board and its committees that they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their duties and
for any value-added taxes to be paid on their remuneration. For
the performance of his duties, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board is also entitled to an office with secretarial support and the
use of a carpool service.

No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board.

Combined Management Report

51


--- Page 51 ---

The compensation shown below was determined for each of the
members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal 2017 (individualized
disclosure).

2017 2016
Additional Additional
compen- compen-
Base sation for Meeting Base sation for Meeting
compen- committee —_ attendance compen- committee —_—_ attendance

(Amounts in €) sation work fee Total sation work fee Total
Supervisory Board members
serving as of
September 30, 2017
Dr. Gerhard Cromme 280,000 280,000 57,000 617,000 280,000 280,000 45,000 605,000
Birgit Steinborn’ 220,000 200,000 48,000 468,000 220,000 200,000 43,500 463,500
Werner Wenning 220,000 140,000 42,000 402,000 220,000 140,000 30,000 390,000
Olaf Bolduan* 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 133,333 - 9,000 142,333
Michael Diekmann 133,333 57,143 13,500 203,976 133,333 57,143 13,500 203,976
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul 140,000 160,000 34,500 334,500 140,000 160,000 27,000 327,000
Reinhard Hahn" 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 - 10,500 150,500
Bettina Haller 133,333 76,190 21,000 230,524 140,000 80,000 25,500 245,500
Hans-Jiirgen Hartung 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 - 10,500 150,500
Robert Kensbock* 140,000 180,000 31,500 351,500 140,000 180,000 30,000 350,000
Harald Kern’ 133,333 76,190 19,500 229,024 140,000 80,000 22,500 242,500
Jurgen Kerner* 140,000 200,000 40,500 380,500 140,000 200,000 33,000 373,000
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiiller 133,333 76,190 33,000 242,524 140,000 80,000 27,000 247,000
Gérard Mestrallet 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 126,667 - 7,500 134,167
Dr. Norbert Reithofer 133,333 38,095 16,500 187,929 133,333 38,095 15,000 186,429
Giller Sabanci 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 - 10,500 150,500
Dr. Nathalie von Siemens 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 - 10,500 150,500
Michael Sigmund 140,000 - 10,500 150,500 140,000 - 10,500 150,500
Jim Hagemann Snabe 133,333 114,286 31,500 279,119 140,000 120,000 31,500 291,500
Sibylle Wankel’ 140,000 40,000 16,500 196,500 140,000 40,000 16,500 196,500
Total 3,060,000 1,638,095 478,500 5,176,595 3,066,667 —_ 1,655,238 429,000 5,150,905

1. These employee representatives on the Supervisory Board and the representatives of the trade unions on the Supervisory Board have declared their willingness to transfer their compensation to the
Hans Boeckler Foundation, in accordance with the guidelines of the Confederation of German Trade Unions (DGB).

A.10.3 Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for Supervisory of the Company. The insurance policy for fiscal 2017 includes a
and Managing Board members and certain other employees of | deductible for the members of the Managing Board and the
the Siemens Group. The policy is taken out for one year atatime Supervisory Board that complies with the requirements of the
or renewed annually. It covers the personal liability of the insured | German Stock Corporation Act and the Code.

in cases of financial loss associated with their activities on behalf

52 Combined Management Report


--- Page 52 ---

A.11 Takeover-relevant information

(pursuant to Sections 289 para. 4 and 315 para. 4 of the German Commercial Code)

and explanatory report

A.11.1 Composition of common stock

As of September 30, 2017, the Company’s common stock totaled
€2.550 billion. The capital stock is divided into 850 million regis-
tered shares with no par value. The shares are fully paid in. All
shares confer the same rights and obligations. The shareholders’
rights and obligations are governed in detail by the provisions of
the German Stock Corporation Act, in particular by Sections 12, 53a
et seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

A.11.2 Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares

At the Shareholders’ Meeting, each share of stock has one vote
and accounts for the shareholders’ proportionate share in the
Company’s net income. An exception to this rule applies with
regard to treasury shares held by the Company, which do not
entitle the Company to any rights. Under Section 136 of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected shares
is excluded by law.

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the employee share
program implemented since the beginning of fiscal 2009, in par-
ticular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable unless
applicable local laws provide otherwise. Under the rules of the
program, however, in order to receive one matching share free
of charge for each three shares purchased, participants are re-
quired to hold the shares purchased by them for a vesting period
of several years, during which the participants have to be contin-
uously employed by Siemens AG or another Siemens company.
The right to receive matching shares is forfeited if the purchased
shares are sold, transferred, hedged on, pledged or hypothecated
in any way during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Vermégensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, on a
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to exercise the
voting rights for 10,814,609 shares (as of September 30, 2017) on
behalf of members of the Siemens family. These shares are part
of the total number of shares held by the family’s members. The
powers of attorney are based on an agreement between the vSV
and, among others, members of the Siemens family. The shares
are voted together by vSV, taking into account the proposals of a
family partnership established by the family’s members or of one
of this partnership's governing bodies.

A.11.3 Legislation and provisions of
the Articles of Association applicable
to the appointment and removal

of members of the Managing Board
and governing amendment to the
Articles of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing
Board is subject to the provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Section 31 of the German Co-
determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to Sec-
tion 8 para. 1 of the Articles of Association, the Managing Board
is comprised of several members, the number of which is deter-
mined by the Supervisory Board.

According to Section 179 of the German Stock Corporation Act,
any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a resolu-
tion of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The authority to adopt purely
formal amendments to the Articles of Association was trans-
ferred to the Supervisory Board under Section 13 para. 2 of the
Articles of Association. In addition, by resolutions of the Share-
holders’ Meetings the Supervisory Board has been authorized to
amend Section 4 of the Articles of Association in accordance with
the utilization of the Authorized and Conditional Capitals, and
after expiration of the then-applicable authorization and utiliza-
tion period.

Resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting require a simple major-
ity vote, unless a greater majority is required by law. Pursuant to
Section 179 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amend-
ments to the Articles of Association require a majority of at least
three-quarters of the capital stock represented at the time of the
casting of the votes, unless another capital majority is prescribed
by the Articles of Association.

A.11.4 Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until January 25, 2021
by up to €90 million through the issuance of up to 30 million reg-
istered shares of no par value against contributions in cash
(Authorized Capital 2016). Subscription rights of existing share-
holders are excluded. The new shares shall be issued under the
condition that they are offered exclusively to employees of
Siemens AG and any of its affiliated companies. To the extent per-
mitted by law, employee shares may also be issued in such a man-
ner that the contribution to be paid on such shares is covered by
that part of the annual net income which the Managing Board and

Combined Management Report

53


--- Page 53 ---

54

the Supervisory Board may allocate to other retained earnings
under Section 58 para. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock
until January 27, 2019 by up to €528.6 million through the issu-
ance of up to 176.2 million registered shares of no par value
against cash contributions and/or contributions in kind (Autho-
rized Capital 2014).

As of September 30, 2017, the total unissued authorized capital
of Siemens AG therefore consisted of €618.6 million nominal
that may be issued, with varying terms by issuance, in install-
ments of up to 206.2 million registered shares of no par value.

By resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings of January 28, 2014
and January 27, 2015, the Managing Board is authorized to issue
bonds with conversion rights or with warrants attached, or a
combination of these instruments, each entitling the holders to
subscribe to up to 80 million registered shares of Siemens AG of
no par value. Based on these two authorizations, the Company
or consolidated subsidiaries of the Company may issue bonds
until January 27, 2019 and January 26, 2020, respectively, each
in an aggregate principal amount of up to €15 billion. In order to
grant shares of stock to holders/creditors of such convertible
bonds or warrant bonds, the capital stock was conditionally in-
creased by resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meetings 2014 and
2015, each by up to 80 million registered shares of no par value
(Conditional Capitals 2014 and 2015), i.e. in total by up to
€480 million through the issuance of up to 160 million shares of
no par value.

The new shares under Authorized Capital 2014 and the bonds
under the aforementioned authorizations are to be issued against
cash or non-cash contributions. They are, as a matter of principle,
to be offered to shareholders for subscription. The Managing
Board is authorized to exclude, with the approval of the Super-
visory Board, subscription rights of shareholders in the event of
capital increases against contributions in kind. In the event of
capital increases against contributions in cash, the Managing
Board is authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights
with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the following
cases:

> The issue price of the new shares/bonds is not significantly
lower than the stock market price of the Siemens shares al-
ready listed or the theoretical market price of the bonds com-
puted in accordance with generally accepted actuarial meth-
ods (exclusion of subscription rights, limited to 10% of the
capital stock, in accordance with or by mutatis mutandis ap-
plication of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock Cor-
poration Act).

Combined Management Report

> The exclusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts
resulting from the subscription ratio.

> The exclusion is necessary in order to grant holders of conver-
sion or option rights or conversion or option obligations on
Siemens shares a compensation for the effects of dilution.

The total amount of new shares issued or to be issued under
Authorized Capitals or in accordance with the bonds mentioned
above, in exchange for contributions in cash and in kind and with
shareholders’ subscription rights excluded, may in certain cases
be subject to further restrictions, such as the restriction that they
may not exceed 20% of the capital stock. The details of those
restrictions are described in the relevant authorization.

In February 2012, Siemens issued bonds with warrant units with
a volume of US$3 billion. Siemens exchanged the major part of
the warrants issued in 2012 against new warrants in Septem-
ber 2015; for this purpose, Siemens issued new bonds with war-
rants. After redemption of the first tranche with a volume of
US$1.5 billion at maturity in August 2017, the remaining war-
rants correspond to option rights entitling their holders to receive
approximately 11.5 million Siemens shares. The terms and condi-
tions of the warrants enable Siemens to service exercised option
rights using either conditional capital or treasury stock, and also
enable Siemens to buy back the warrants.

The Company may not repurchase its own shares unless so au-
thorized by a resolution duly adopted by the shareholders at a
general meeting or in other very limited circumstances set forth
in the German Stock Corporation Act. On January 27, 2015, the
Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Company to acquire until
January 26, 2020 up to 10% of its capital stock existing at the date
of adopting the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of the
date on which the authorization is exercised. The aggregate of
shares of stock of Siemens AG repurchased under this authoriza-
tion and any other Siemens shares previously acquired and still
held in treasury by the Company or attributable to the Company
pursuant to Sections 71d and 71e of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act may at no time exceed 10% of the then existing capital
stock. Any repurchase of Siemens shares shall be accomplished
at the discretion of the Managing Board either (1) by acquisition
over the stock exchange or (2) through a public share repurchase
offer. The Managing Board is additionally authorized to complete
the repurchase of Siemens shares in accordance with the autho-
rization described above by using certain derivatives (put and
call options, forward purchases and any combination of these
derivatives). In exercising this authorization, all stock repur-
chases based on the derivatives are limited to a maximum vol-
ume of 5% of Siemens’ capital stock existing at the date of adopt-
ing the resolution at the Shareholders’ Meeting. A derivative’s
term of maturity may not, in any case, exceed 18 months and
must be chosen in such a way that the repurchase of Siemens


--- Page 54 ---

shares upon exercise of the derivative will take place no later
than January 26, 2020.

In addition to selling them over the stock exchange or through a
public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board is au-
thorized by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting on Janu-
ary 27, 2015 to also use Siemens shares repurchased on the basis
of this or any previously given authorization for every permissible
purpose, in particular as follows: Such Siemens shares may be

> retired

> used in connection with share-based compensation programs
and/or employee share programs of the Company or any of its
affiliated companies and issued to individuals currently or for-
merly employed by the Company or any of its affiliated com-
panies as well as to board members of any of the Company’s
affiliated companies

> offered and transferred, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to third parties against non-cash contributions

> sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third
parties against payment in cash if the price at which such
Siemens shares are sold is not significantly lower than the
market price of Siemens stock (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutan-
dis application of Section 186 para.3 sentence 4 German
Stock Corporation Act) or

> used to service or secure obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares arising particularly from or in connection with
convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued by the Company or
any of its consolidated subsidiaries (exclusion of subscription
rights, limited to 10% of the capital stock, by mutatis mutandis
application of Section 186 para. 3 sentence 4 German Stock
Corporation Act).

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to use shares
acquired on the basis of this or any previously given authoriza-
tion to meet obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares that
were or will be agreed with members of the Managing Board
within the framework of rules governing Managing Board com-
pensation.

In November 2015, the Company announced that it would carry
out a share buyback of up to €3 billion in volume within the fol-
lowing up to 36 months. The buyback commenced on Febru-
ary 2, 2016 using the authorizations given by the Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. Under this share buyback
Siemens repurchased 10,439,856 shares by September 30, 2017.
The total consideration paid for these shares amounted to about
€1.163 billion (excluding incidental transaction charges). The
buyback has the exclusive purposes of retirement, of issuing
shares to employees, board members of affiliated companies and
members of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and of servic-

ing/securing the obligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares
arising particularly from or in connection with convertible bonds
and warrant bonds. As of September 30, 2017, the Company held
34,481,120 shares of stock in treasury.

For details on the authorizations referred to above, especially
with the restrictions to exclude subscription rights and the
terms to include shares when calculating such restrictions, please
refer to the relevant resolution and to Section 4 of the Articles of
Association.

A.11.5 Significant agreements which
take effect, alter or terminate upon
a change of control of the Company
following a takeover bid

Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit in an amount of €4 bil-
lion and an amount of US$3 billion, respectively, which provide
its lenders with a right of termination in the event that (1)
Siemens AG becomes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a
person or a group of persons acting in concert acquires effective
control over Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influ-
ence over its activities (Art.3(2) of Council Regulation (EC)
1391/2004).

In addition, in March 2013, a consolidated subsidiary as borrower
and Siemens AG as guarantor entered into two bilateral loan
agreements, each of which has been drawn in the full amount of
US$500 million. Each agreement provides its respective lender
with a right of termination in the event that (1) Siemens AG be-
comes a subsidiary of another company or (2) a person or a group
of persons acting in concert acquires effective control over
Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive influence over its
activities (Art. 3(2) of Council Regulation (EC) 139/2004).

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Inter-
national Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documentation
(ISDA Agreements) grant the counterparty a right of termination
when Siemens AG consolidates with, merges into, or transfers sub-
stantially all its assets to a third party. However, this right of termi-
nation exists only, if (1) the resulting entity’s creditworthiness is
materially weaker than Siemens AG's immediately prior to such
event or (2) the resulting entity fails to simultaneously assume
Siemens AG's obligations under the ISDA Agreement. Additionally,
some ISDA Agreements grant the counterparty a right of termina-
tion if a third party acquires beneficial ownership of equity securi-
ties that enable it to elect a majority of Siemens AG's Supervisory
Board or otherwise acquire the power to control Siemens AG's
material policy-making decisions and if the creditworthiness of
Siemens AG is materially weaker than it was immediately prior to

Combined Management Report

55


--- Page 55 ---

56

such an event. In either situation, ISDA Agreements are designed
such that upon termination all outstanding payment claims docu-
mented under them are to be netted.

In case of a change of control, the terms and conditions of the
remaining warrants issued with the bonds with warrant units in
February 2012 enable their holders to receive a higher number of
Siemens shares in accordance with an adjusted strike price if they
exercise their option rights within a certain period of time after
the change of control. This period of time shall end either (1) not
less than 30 days and no more than 60 days after publication of
the notice of the issuer regarding the change of control, as deter-
mined by the issuer or (2) 30 days after the change of control first
becomes publicly known. The strike price adjustment decreases
depending on the remaining term of the warrants and is deter-
mined in detail in the terms and conditions of the warrants. In
this context, a change of control occurs if control of Siemens AG
is acquired by a person or by persons acting in concert.

A.11.6 Compensation agreements
with members of the Managing
Board or employees in the event
of a takeover bid

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in the position of a Managing Board member (for exam-
ple, due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the
Managing Board member's duties and responsibilities), the
member of the Managing Board has the right to terminate his or
her contract with the Company for good cause. A change of con-
trol exists if one or several shareholders acting jointly or in con-
cert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and
exercise a controlling influence, or if Siemens AG becomes a de-
pendent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercompany
agreement within the meaning of Section 291 of the German
Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged into an
existing corporation or other entity. If this right of termination is
exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a severance
payment in the amount of no more than two years’ compensa-
tion. The calculation of the annual compensation includes not
only the base compensation and the target amount for the bo-
nus, but also the target amount for the stock awards, in each case
based on the most recent completed fiscal year prior to termina-
tion of the contract. The stock-based compensation components
for which a firm commitment already exists will remain unaf-
fected. Additionally, the severance payments cover non-mone-
tary benefits by including an amount of 5% of the total severance
amount. Severance payments will be reduced by 10% as a lump-
sum allowance for discounted values and for income earned else-
where. However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of

Combined Management Report

the severance payment that was calculated without taking ac-
count of the first six months of the remaining term of the Man-
aging Board member's contract. There is no entitlement to a
severance payment if the Managing Board member receives ben-
efits from third parties in connection with a change of control.
A right to terminate the contract does not exist if the change of
control occurs within a period of twelve months prior to a Man-
aging Board member's retirement.

A.11.7 Other takeover-relevant
information

We are not aware of, nor have we during the last fiscal year been
notified of, any shareholder directly or indirectly holding 10% or
more of the voting rights. There are no shares with special rights
conferring powers of control. Shares of stock issued by
Siemens AG to employees under its employee share program
and/or as share-based compensation are transferred directly to
the employees. The beneficiary employees who hold shares of
employee stock may exercise their control rights in the same way
as any other shareholder directly in accordance with applicable
laws and the Articles of Association.
