

--- Page 1 ---

16

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment

Strategy and the environment

Swisscom’s corporate strategy is aimed at securing its position as a market,
technology and innovation leader, and offering its customers the best.
Trustworthy, committed and never losing sight of what is important.

Corporate strategy

General

Swisscom is the Swiss market leader for mobile telecommunications, fixed-line telephony and television. It also
occupies a leading market position in a wide range of IT business segments. Fastweb is the leading alternative
provider for both retail and business customers in the Italian fixed-line market.

Megatrends such as digitisation and connectivity, customisation and demographic change are shaping and
changing our society and the economy in the long run and have a long-term impact on the activities of Swisscom.
The increasing proliferation of the Internet of Things, the 5G mobile telephony standard being ready for market
and the advancements made in the field of artificial intelligence are short to medium-term trends that impact
Swisscom’s business.

The market environment in which Swisscom operates has changed radically in recent years. Characteristic exam-
ples of this include increasing connectivity, exponential data growth, the growing significance of software, data
and content, changing customer requirements and rapid technological progress. The competition on the satu-
rated core market is becoming increasingly fierce, which is in turn intensifying price pressure. Global Internet
companies are using their economies of scale and forcing themselves into local ICT markets, stepping up compe-
tition even further. These developments have exerted pressure on the revenues generated in the Swisscom core
business. The resulting lower revenue and income need to be offset in order to ensure that sufficient financial
resources are available.

As number 1, we are shaping the future.
Together we inspire people in the networked world.

at
Best customer experience Operational excellence New growth

In its capacity as a market, technology and innovation leader, Swisscom connects both residential and corporate
customers. In an increasingly networked world, it is taking an active and assertive role in shaping the future.
Swisscom focuses on the needs of the people in everything that it does. Its employees work in concert to provide
inspirational experiences. Swisscom is committed and trustworthy in its actions, consistently takes a curious
stance towards further development and never loses sight of what is important when pursuing its goals. Customer
trust is at the heart of everything Swisscom does, and is reinforced by the reliability and sustainability of the
company’s activities. In order to make its vision a reality, Swisscom has set out three strategic aspirations which
help to define the strategy.

The best customer experience

In order to inspire its customers, Swisscom has to provide them with the best service at all times, regardless of
their location. The customer experience is based on a high-performance infrastructure. Swisscom therefore aims
to offer its customers the latest IT and communications infrastructure and therefore assert its position as a tech-
nological leader. Customer requirements vis-a-vis the availability and performance of the networks are constantly
growing. As a result, Swisscom is setting up and operating networks that are second to none in terms of security,


--- Page 2 ---

availability and performance. By expanding and upgrading its fixed telephone and mobile network infrastructure
with the latest technologies (such as 5G), Swisscom is ensuring that its customers enjoy the best experiences
when utilising the company’s offerings. The Swisscom Cloud is the key platform for the internal and external pro-
vision of services and forms the basis for new, scalable offerings that are produced in Switzerland. Swisscom
complements its own cloud with global solutions, thereby operating as a service provider that also integrates
solutions into hybrid environments.

The key to the success enjoyed by Swisscom is its relationships with its customers. The company’s main guiding
principles are to provide the best service and inspirational experiences across the board. Swisscom customers can
count on us as a competent, reliable partner and enjoy service that is individual, flexible and personal at all points
of contact. For example, customers can have their damaged mobile phones repaired in no time at all in the nine
Repair Centres, which meets a key customer requirement. Swisscom is thus reducing complexity and providing
relevant, innovative offerings. In the TV segment, Swisscom is continually simplifying operability and offers each
and every one of its customers a personalised entertainment service thanks to the further development of the
user interface. Swisscom is also continually upgrading its service offerings, such as with My Service — the personal
support offering for technical enquiries. When creating new digital services and experiences, Swisscom always
focuses on meeting the needs of its customers. In this way, Swisscom is restoring the trust its customers have in
the company, reinforcing customers’ loyalty to the brand and increasing agility and efficiency.

Operational excellence

Due to fierce competition, the revenues being generated by national telecommunications service providers are on
the whole declining, resulting in even greater cost pressure. It is therefore key that Swisscom consistently opti-
mises its cost base over the next few years in order to remain financially successful in the long term and to absorb
the effects of price competition and margin erosion. This is the only way in which Swisscom can release the funds
for developing new business opportunities and secure profitability. One of the main focuses in optimising costs is
the creation of efficient operating procedures, for example by simplifying and adjusting the product portfolio,
using agile development methods, modernising and consolidating the IT platforms, increasing the efficiency of
staff deployments, and optimising processes being driven by initiatives such as All IP migration. Another key ele-
ment is the internal digital transformation, which includes the virtualisation of network functions, improvement
of the online channel, increasing the level of process automation and the greater use of artificial intelligence and
analytics. In addition to this, Swisscom is increasing the efficiency of its investment activities, for example by
utilising an intelligent mix of technologies and by reducing the number of partners involved in the expansion of
the network.

New growth

Swisscom anticipates that the figures for the relevant markets in Switzerland and Italy will continue to grow
steadily on the whole. The main driving forces behind this are modest population growth, the increase in use of
ICT in a wide variety of industries and the relatively low broadband penetration in Italy. Nevertheless, price pressure
remains at a high level, to the extent that a slight drop in market revenue is to be expected on the whole, particularly
in the telecommunications market.

Swisscom wants to realise growth opportunities by further developing its core business — for example by means
of growth in entertainment (such as TV) and in Wholesale or by making use of opportunities that arise as a result
of new consumer applications in the area of the Internet of Things (loT). There are further opportunities for growth
in the medium term in other sectors, too, such as healthcare and banking — in which Swisscom provides vertical
ICT services — as well as the solutions business relating to digital security and in the cloud segment. Swisscom is
launching new digital services in selected areas. Some of these services are based on new business models, focusing
on marketplaces (such as siroop and Mila), digital services for SMEs (such as localsearch), and support technologies
and platforms (such as blockchain). When selecting growth areas, Swisscom is guided by future customer require-
ments, focuses on future-oriented business models with substantial growth and is making increased use of
partnerships. In addition to the activities mentioned above, Italian subsidiary Fastweb is playing a key role in the
realisation of growth opportunities. Swisscom is improving Fastweb’s market position and achieving growth in
Italy thanks to the further development of the mobile communications market, the expansion of the business
customer portfolio by means of horizontal solutions in relation to the cloud and digital security, high-quality
service, the utilisation of partnerships as well as a convergent product portfolio which cuts an impressive figure
due to its transparency, fairness and simplicity.

In order to both further develop the core business and also tap into new business areas, Swisscom is continuously
striving to transform the corporate culture. To achieve this, it will focus on agile and customer-centric working
models and organisational structures, the development of relevant key skills and technological transformation,
for example.

17

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment


--- Page 3 ---

18

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment

Forerunner in corporate responsibility

Swisscom is committed to developing a modern and future-oriented Switzerland. Its Corporate Responsibility

activities focus on issues that have high relevance for stakeholder groups and at the same time are closely linked

to the company’s core business. These activities are centred around the following seven action areas:

> Networked Switzerland: By the end of 2021, some 90% of all homes and businesses will have a minimum
bandwidth of 80 Mbps — with around 85% of connections achieving speeds of 100 Mbps or higher.

> Energy efficiency and climate protection: By 2020, Swisscom plans to increase energy efficiency by another
35% compared to 1 January 2016. Together with its customers, Swisscom is aiming to save twice as much CO,
as it emits through its operations including the supply chain by 2020.

> Attractive employer: Swisscom wants to be one of the most attractive employers in Switzerland by 2020.

> Work and life: By 2020, Swisscom aims to be supporting one million people with its offerings in the healthcare
sector and also provide one million people with the opportunity to use mobile working models.

> Media skills and security: Swisscom aims to be the market leader in data security by 2020, helping one million
people to use the media safely and responsibly.

> Sustainability image: Swisscom wants to improve the way its sustainability efforts are perceived by the general
public and achieve a “Citizenship” score of 70 out of 100 points (Reptrak standard) by 2020.

> Fair supply chain: In the interests of a fair supply chain, Swisscom is committed to improving employment
conditions for more than two million people by 2020.

Climate protection includes the following activities in particular: analysis of the opportunities and risks caused by
climate change; creation and implementation of a programme relating to the issues determined; and monitoring
and reporting of the progress of this programme. Coordination and management of these activities lies with the
Corporate Responsibility team. Clear governance exists for the activities mentioned. Swisscom applies the recom-
mendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Further detailed information is avail-
able in Swisscom’s sustainability and climate reports.

Objectives and achievement of targets

Based on its strategy, Swisscom has set itself various short- and long-term targets that take economic, ecological
and social factors into consideration.

Objectives Target achievement 2017
Financial targets?
Net revenue Group revenue for 2017 CHF 11,662 mn
of around CHF 11.6 bn
Operating income before depreciation EBITDA for 2017 CHF 4,295 mn
and amortisation (EBITDA) of around CHF 4.2 bn
Capital expenditure in property, plant Capital expenditure for 2017 CHF 2,378 mn
and equipment and intangible assets of around CHF 2.4 bn
Operational Excellence In 2017, reduction of cost base in Swiss business Achieved
by CHF 75 mn
Other targets
Ultrafast broadband in Switzerland? Coverage of 90% by the end of 2021 55%
in excess of 80 Mbps
Ultrafast broadband in Italy Corverage of 13 mn households by the end of 2021 60% or 8 mn

with FTTH and FTTS

+ As already announced in 2017, the financial targets for 2017 have been adjusted as follows as a result of compensation from legal proceedings involving Fastweb:
EBITDA of approximately CHF 4.3 bn.
? Basis: 4.3 million homes and 0.7 million businesses (Swiss Federal Statistical Office — FSO).


--- Page 4 ---

General conditions

Market environment

The three macroeconomic factors of the economy (Switzerland and Italy), interest rates and exchange rates (EUR
and USD) have a considerable influence on Swisscom’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows and
therefore on financial reporting.

Unit 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Change GDP Switzerland in % 19 24 12 14 1.04
Change GDP Italy in% (1.7) 0.1 08 09 154
Yield on government bonds (10 years) in % 1.25 0.38 (0.04) (0.14) (0.10)
Closing rate CHF/EUR in CHE 1.23 1.20 1.08 1.07 117
Closing rate CHF/USD in CHE 0.89 0.99 1.00 1.02 0.98

* Forecast SECO
? Forecast Istat

Economy

In the year under review, the Swiss economy grew by approximately 1% measured by gross domestic product
(GDP), despite the unabated very low rate of inflation. Economic developments are having a wide range of impacts
on customer segments. A high share of the revenues generated in the Residential Customers segment can be
attributed to products with fixed monthly charges, meaning economic fluctuations are low. In contrast, revenue
from roaming services is subject to increased volatility due to being reliant on trips made outside of Switzerland
(inbound and outbound). Nevertheless, a large and ever-increasing proportion of the roaming services in terms of
outbound traffic are included in the fixed monthly charges. Project business in the Enterprise Customers segment
is more sensitive to cyclical factors.

Economic fluctuations tend to have a larger impact on the sales and revenue generated by Italian subsidiary
Fastweb for both residential and business customers.

Interest rates

The interest rate level has an impact on funding costs and also affects the valuation of long-term provisions and
pension liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. In addition, interest rates are a key assumption for the
impairment assessment of recognised goodwill and other items in the financial statements. Although the returns
on ten-year government bonds increased slightly in 2017, they remain at a historically very low level. Swisscom
exploited this in 2017 and reduced the average interest expense to 1.7% (prior year: 1.9%) by issuing bonds total-
ling CHF 500 million. 84% of financial liabilities were charged a fixed interest rate. The average maturity is 5.3 years.
In addition, Swisscom has in the past concluded interest rate swaps with long terms to maturity which are not
designated for hedge accounting. Changes in market interest rates can result in high fluctuations in fair values
recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

Currencies

The exchange rate trends for foreign currencies have very little impact on the Swisscom results of operations.
Transaction risks exist primarily in the purchase of end devices and technical equipment as well as in the acquisi-
tion of services from network operators outside of Switzerland. In the core business in Switzerland, the amount of
money paid out in foreign currencies is higher than income. The net cash flows in foreign currency are partly
hedged by foreign currency forward contracts. Swisscom funds itself for the most part in Swiss francs and to a
lesser extent in EUR. Over the last three years, the share of the funding denominated in EUR has gradually increased
to 25%. In addition to the transaction risks on the operational cash flows in foreign currencies, there is a currency
translation risk in the balance sheet. Fastweb’s net assets, which totalled EUR 2.8 billion at the end of 2017, and
those of the other foreign subsidiaries are translated into Swiss francs in the consolidated financial statements at
the exchange rate applicable on the balance sheet date. Any differences from the foreign currency translation are
recognised in equity and have no impact on the results. Cumulative currency translation adjustments in respect
of foreign subsidiaries amounted to CHF 1.7 billion at the end of 2017. A portion of the financial liabilities in EUR
has been classified as a currency hedge of the Fastweb net carrying amount.

19

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment


--- Page 5 ---

20

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment

see
www.swisscom.ch/
targets_2018-2021

see
www.admin.ch

see
www.admin.ch

Legal environment

Swisscom’s legal framework

Swisscom is a public limited company with special status under Swiss law. Corporate governance is governed by
company law and the Telecommunications Enterprise Act (TEA). In its capacity as a listed company, Swisscom also
observes capital market law, including the provisions concerning management remuneration. The legal frame-
work for Swisscom’s business activities is primarily the Federal Telecommunications Act (TCA) and the Federal
Cartel Act (CartA).

Telecommunications Enterprise Act (TEA) and relationship with the Swiss Confederation

The TEA requires the Swiss Confederation to hold a majority of the capital and voting rights in Swisscom. Were the
government to dispose of the majority holding, this would require a change in the corresponding law, which
would be subject to a facultative referendum. Every four years, the Federal Council defines the goals which the
Confederation as principal shareholder aims to achieve. These include strategic, financial and personnel policy
goals as well as goals relating to partnerships and investments. In 2017, the Federal Council approved the goals for
the period from 2018 to 2021. The goals for the previous period of 2014 to 2017 will to a large extent remain in
place.

Telecommunications Act (TCA)
The TCA and the associated legislation primarily govern network access, basic service provision and the use of
radio frequencies. The government is currently deliberating on revising the TCA.

Network access

Swisscom is required to grant other providers access to its fixed network and telecommunications services at
cost-based prices. As part of this service provision, physical network access is restricted to copper-based technol-
ogies. The supervisory authority only makes a decision about the specific access conditions (including price) if the
provider seeking access cannot come to an agreement with Swisscom on the conditions (primacy of negotiation).
The question of whether network access regulation should be expanded to include newly built fibre-opticbased
and hybrid fixed networks (technology-neutral network access) is the subject of the ongoing TCA revision.

Basic service provision

The aim of the basic service is to provide reliable and affordable basic telecommunications to all sections of the
population in all regions of the country. The scope of services as well as the related quality and pricing require-
ments are determined periodically by the Federal Council. The current licence (2018 to 2022) comprises a multi-
functional telephone line, Internet access with a minimum data transfer rate of 3 Mbps (download) and various
services for the disabled. The law provides that the overall net costs of the basic service are compensated for via a
sector-specific fund. Up until now, Swisscom has abstained from bringing the overall net costs to bear for the
basic service.

Mobile phone licence

Mobile phone licences are usually awarded by means of public tenders. In 2012, all of the frequency ranges for
mobile communications were sold in an auction. Swisscom acquired 42% of the frequency bands auctioned for
CHF 360 million and paid the total amount in the same year. The licences run until the end of 2028 and can be used
with all technologies. It is expected that there will be new mobile communication frequencies available from 2019
onwards (frequency bands 700 MHz, 1,400 MHz and 3,400 to 3,800 MHz). The requisite awarding of frequency
ranges will likely take place in 2018. No decision has been made as regards the way in which the ranges will be
awarded and the future framework conditions for the use of the frequencies.

Federal Cartel Act (CartA)

Asa result of the company’s market position, competition law (Federal Cartel Act) for various products and ser-
vices is highly relevant for Swisscom. The Federal Cartel Act allows for direct sanctions to be imposed for unlawful
conduct by market-dominant companies. The Swiss competition authorities have classified Swisscom as being
market-dominant in a wide range of submarkets. There are currently proceedings open for three issues, within the
context of which the Competition Commission (COMCO) has classified Swisscom as being market-dominant and
its conduct as being unlawful, and has thus imposed direct financial sanctions. The proceedings refer to the pro-
vision of ADSL wholesale services, the broadcast of live sporting events on pay TV and the broadband connections
of post office locations. The statuses of the proceedings and the potential financial effects are set out in the notes
to the consolidated financial statements (Note 3.5).


--- Page 6 ---

Legal and regulatory environment in Italy

The business activities of Fastweb are heavily influenced by Italian and European telecommunications legislation.
Italy is required to have national legislation in line with the European legislative framework. The Italian regulatory
authority, Autorita per le Garanzie nelle Comunicazioni (AGCOM), uses a market analysis as the basis for passing
provisions and regulations for telecommunications companies, which have to be submitted to the European
Commission and the regulatory authorities of other member states in advance. In 2017, AGCOM retroactively
approved a wide range of reference offerings from TIM for 2015 and 2016. This will bring about a number of
reductions, including in the wholesale prices charged for bitstream services as well as the one-off charges for the
activation and deactivation of lines and for transferring fixed-line numbers. In 2017, AGCOM also opened new
consultations on the reference offerings from TIM for the wholesale services for 2017.

Swiss market trends in telecoms and IT services

The Swiss telecommunications market is highly developed by international standards. It is characterised by inno-
vation and a wide range of voice and data products and services. The constant advancement of digitisation and
connectivity is a key trend. In addition to the established national telecommunications companies, more and
more global competitors are entering the Swiss telecoms market, offering both free and paying Internet-based
services around the world, including telephony, SMS messaging and streaming services. Cloud solutions are also
playing an ever more important role, with storage capacity, processing power, software and services all relocating
to an increasing degree to the Internet. These developments are generating constant growth in demand for high
bandwidths that enable fast, high-quality access to data and applications. The uninterrupted availability of data
and services, as well as the security involved in ensuring this availability, play a key role here. Modern, highly effec
tive network infrastructures provide the ideal foundations for this. Swisscom is therefore setting up the networks
of the future for both fixed-line and mobile communications.

The Swiss telecoms market is broken down into the submarkets of relevance to Swisscom — mobile and fixed-line
telephony. The total revenue it generates is estimated at around CHF 12 billion; however, this is being put under
increasing pressure. Market saturation is ramping up the fierce competition in almost all submarkets. As a result
of the increased price pressure, most market players are being confronted with a trend towards sinking revenues.
Various market participants adjusted their portfolios of offerings during the course of 2017, with the focus of the
changes on new, convergent offerings which can also contain one or more mobile lines in addition to a fixed
broadband connection with Internet, TV and fixed-line telephony. Swisscom’s range likewise includes bundled
offerings combining different technologies, while it also offers products and services from the core business using
secondary and third-party brands.

Market share Swisscom swiss telecommunication market
100%

75%

67% 67%

60% 60%
50%

32% 33%

25%
0%

2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017

Mobile subscribers Broadband WV

Mobile communications market

Switzerland has three separate, wide-area mobile networks on which the operators of those networks market their
own products and services. Other market players additionally offer their own mobile services as MVNOs (mobile
virtual network operators). Swisscom also makes its mobile communications network available to third-party
providers so that they can make proprietary products and services available to their customers over the Swisscom
network. Due to the high level of market penetration, the mobile communications market in Switzerland is
showing signs of saturation. For this reason, the number of mobile lines (SIM cards) in Switzerland has stagnated
at around 11 million. The penetration with mobile access lines in Switzerland remains about 130%. As in the
previous year, the number of postpaid subscriptions taken out increased, while the number of prepaid customers
fell. The proportion of mobile users with postpaid subscriptions now stands at 70% (prior year: 65%). Swisscom’s
market share remains unchanged from the previous year at 60% (postpaid: 62%; prepaid: 57%).

21

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment


--- Page 7 ---

22

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment

Fixed-line market

Switzerland has almost 100% coverage of fixed broadband networks. Alongside the fixed-line networks of tele-
coms companies, there are also networks provided by cable network operators. Moreover, market players such as
utilities operating in particular cities and municipalities are building and operating fibre-optic networks on their
own initiative at a regional level. These network infrastructures are largely also made available to other market
participants so that they can supply their products and services. The fixed broadband connection has increasingly
developed into the key access point for customers. It is the basis for a wide-ranging product offering from both
national and global competitors. Competition has gained momentum in the fixed-line segment owing to market
participants launching new offerings throughout 2017.

Broadband market

The most widespread access technologies for fixed broadband connections in Switzerland are infrastructures
based on the networks of telecommunications providers and cable network operators. At the end of 2017, the
number of retail broadband access lines in Switzerland totalled 3.8 million, corresponding to 85% of households
and businesses. As in the previous year, the number of broadband connections increased by around 3% in 2017.
Growth in broadband access lines provided by cable network operators thus lagged behind that of the broadband
access lines of telecom service providers. Telecom service providers accounted for more than two thirds of new
broadband access lines in 2017, corresponding to a stable 67% market share of all broadband lines. Of these, 53%
(prior year: 54%) were for Swisscom end customers and 14% (prior year: 13%) for Swisscom wholesale offerings
and fully unbundled lines.

TV market

In Switzerland, TV signals are transmitted via cable, broadband, satellite, antenna (terrestrial) and mobile. They are
almost completely digitised, as the large-scale broadcast of analogue TV signals has been discontinued. The Swiss
TV market features a wide range of offerings from national market participants, and is now also playing host to
offerings from other international companies. These international companies offer TV and streaming services
that can be used over an existing broadband connection, regardless of the Internet provider. The level of compe-
tition has increased, particularly in terms of TV content. Various national and international companies have
secured the Swiss broadcasting rights for a wide range of sports that were for the most part previously held by
Swisscom. This has given them the opportunity to position themselves on the market with their own new offer-
ings.

Approximately 90% of TV connections are provided via cable or broadband networks. Swisscom has steadily
increased the market share of its own digital TV offering, Swisscom TV, over the past few years. Swisscom is the
market leader and further expanded on this leading position throughout 2017, achieving a market share of 33% at
the end of the year (prior year: 32%).

Fixed-line telephony market

Fixed-line telephony is mainly based on lines running over the fixed networks of the telecom service providers and the
cable networks. The number of fixed-line telephony connections is steadily declining. This trend accelerated in 2017,
with the number of Swisscom fixed-line connections falling by around 14% to 2.0 million. The main reason for the
decline was the substitution of mobile phones for fixed-line connections.

IT services market in Switzerland

The market for IT services generated revenue of CHF 10 billion in 2017 and will continue to enjoy moderate growth
over the next few years. Swisscom expects the strongest growth in business process outsourcing (BPO) and in
segments offering application-based and infrastructure project-based services, most notably cloud and security
services. This growth is a result of the increasing number of business-driven ICT projects as well as the ever-grow-
ing willingness to procure external services. Customers usually expect services customised to their individual sec
tor and business processes with related consultancy.

The shifts in the market and IT innovations are creating new opportunities for Swisscom. As one of the few pro-
viders of integrated digitisation solutions, Swisscom helps companies to improve customer experiences, simplify
and automate processes and integrate existing solutions. Swisscom also co-creates new IT services with its cus-
tomers. As a result, Swisscom is seen as a driver of digitisation in the Swiss economy. With a market share of
around 11% (prior year: 9%), it remains one of the leading providers of IT services on the Swiss market.


--- Page 8 ---

(9)

see
www.swisscom.ch/
dataprotection

Italian market trends in telecoms services

Italian broadband market

Italy’s fixed broadband market is Europe’s fourth largest, with a revenue volume of EUR 12 billion. Broadband
penetration in households has increased to 60%, but remains below the European average. This is driven by the
growth of new fibre-optic networks and by the increasing use of online services, such as streaming and gaming
services. Convergence offerings for the fixed network and mobile communications are also becoming increasingly
popular. Due to the intensely competitive environment, the market is under considerable pricing pressure. Ultra-
fast broadband network coverage has continued to rise, with some 70% of households now having access to the
network. During the year under review, the situation regarding the ultrafast broadband infrastructure in Italy
changed significantly. TIM significantly increased the expansion targets for its ultrafast broadband infrastructure
and at the same time expanded and improved the wholesale fibre-optic offering, which is open to all operators.
This development has been spurred by the ambitious expansion plans of Enel Open Fiber. The company aims to
provide 270 towns and cities with a total of 9.5 million connections with FTTH and began work on the expansion
in 2017. Enel Open Fiber intends to offer all telecommunications companies access to the access lines as wholesale
services. Fastweb is the second-largest provider in the broadband business after TIM, with a market share of 16%
in the residential customer segment and 29% in the major business customer segment. Thanks to the new whole-
sale offerings from TIM, Fastweb has made significant progress with its ultrafast broadband coverage, totalling
47% or 13 million households as at the end of 2017.

Italian mobile communications market

After the market consolidation in 2016, Italy has three major integrated providers on the market (TIM, Vodafone
Italia, Wind Tre). These are increasingly marketing convergent offers to their large mobile customer bases in order
to strengthen customer loyalty. The French telecommunications provider Iliad has announced that it will be enter-
ing the market in early 2018. It will be the fourth provider to set up its own mobile network and attempt to suc
cessfully gain a foothold in the Italian market. After a hard-fought price war in the past few years, revenue in the
Italian mobile communications market has stabilised at EUR 16 billion. The relaunch of its mobile offering on the
TIM network (as a “full MVNO”, including 4G) represents an important step in Fastweb significantly increasing the
share of convergent customers in the customer base.

Data protection

As part of its business activities, Swisscom processes data relating to various people. Swisscom processes this
data in order to provide and continuously improve its services, to offer customers an enhanced experience and to
open up new areas of business. Swisscom is committed to protecting the privacy of the persons concerned. A large
proportion of data processing requires the consent of the persons concerned. Whenever possible, data analyses
are conducted on the basis of anonymised and aggregated data with no personal reference. Under no circum-
stances is data containing personal references handed over or sold to third parties. Swisscom continuously
expands its data protection measures. For example, all employee rights of access to critical data have been
reviewed and redefined. Technical measures have also been implemented to further improve data protection and
confidentiality. A central data governance organisation has the task of stipulating and enforcing framework
conditions for data processing.

Finally, Swisscom strives to provide information on issues relevant to data protection in non-technical language
and in befitting detail. Part of the Swisscom website is dedicated to this.

23

Management Commentary
Strategy and the environment


--- Page 9 ---

24

Management Commentary

Infrastructure

Infrastructure

Swisscom is unswervingly committed to meeting customer needs and delivering
service and quality, and is also investing heavily in the networks of the future.

Infrastructure in Switzerland

Network infrastructure

The telecommunication networks form the backbone of the Swiss information society. Swisscom pursues the
same strategy both on the ground and in the air —to provide Switzerland with the best network and thus provide
a solid foundation for the digital transformation. Swisscom currently operates three networks that help facilitate
the achievement of this aim: the fixed network, the mobile network and the Low Power Network (LPN). The LPN
is the latest addition to the Swisscom network family and is used to connect objects such as machines, vehicles,
lifts, oil tanks and much more.

A uniform basis for increasing demand

Bandwidth requirements in the Swiss fixed and mobile telephone network continue to grow. This can be attributed
to the fact that customers now use a wide range of devices for accessing the Internet. At the heart of the Swisscom
network and its infrastructure is Internet Protocol (IP) technology, which can be used via copper and fibre-optic
lines. As planned, Swisscom converted the services and products for almost all residential customers and the
majority of corporate customers to All IP by the end of 2017. This means that around 2 million Swisscom custom-
ers now benefit from the advantages offered by IP technology. As of 2018, Swisscom will start transferring all of
its locations to IP. All IP enables faster and more flexible processes and operations, and is boosting the competitive
strength of Swisscom, its customers and Switzerland as a business centre. The Swisscom All IP initiative thus
forms the basis for the digitisation of the Swiss economy.

Leading international position thanks to constant expansion

International studies carried out by the OECD, the Institute for Advanced Studies (IHS) and Akamai regularly show
that Switzerland possesses one of the best information and telecommunications infrastructures in the world.
Rural regions benefit in particular from the high level of capital expenditure, almost two thirds of which is financed
by Swisscom. According to a study carried out by the IHS (Broadband Coverage in Europe 2016), the availability of
broadband in rural regions of Switzerland is twice as high as the EU average.

In mobile communications, broadband LTE coverage now extends to 99% of the population. 80% of the population
currently has 4G+ with speeds of up to 300 Mbps, and 60% 4G+ with speeds of up to 450 Mbps. In addition,
Swisscom already provides speeds of up to 1 Gbps in 11 Swiss cities — and 30% of the Swiss population is set to
benefit from these speeds by the end of 2018. This makes Swisscom the largest network operator in Switzerland
by far, both in the fixed and mobile network. In the fixed-line segment, Swisscom continues to expand its ultrafast
broadband coverage with minimum bandwidths of 80 Mbps. In doing so, it is focusing on establishing a globally
unique mix of fibre-optic technologies as well as convergent approaches that harness both the mobile and fixed-
line networks in combination. When talking about fibre-optic technologies, Swisscom is referring to Fibre to the
Home (FTTH) as well as network architectures in which copper cables are used in the last few metres of the con-
nection, i.e. Fibre to the Curb (FTTC), Fibre to the Street (FTTS) and Fibre to the Building (FTTB). Optical fibre is
getting ever closer to the customer.


--- Page 10 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
networkcoverage

Fibre to the Curb (FTTC)
> Up to 100 Mbps

Fibre to the Street (FTTS)
> Up to 500 Mbps

Fibre to the Building (FTTB)
> Up to 500 Mbps

Fibre to the Home (FTTH)
> Up to 1,000 Mbps

—— Fibreglass

Copper

Swisscom has set itself ambitious goals as regards network expansion: the majority of people living in any given
Swiss municipality should have access to increased bandwidths by the end of 2021. To this end, some 90% of all
homes and businesses will have a minimum bandwidth of 80 Mbps by the end of 2021 — with around 85% of
those achieving speeds of 100 Mbps or higher. In remote regions of Switzerland, Swisscom will honour its univer-
sal service provision mandate. Thanks to the new DSL+LTE Bonding technology, it is also noticeably improving
broadband provision in certain regions. DSL+LTE Bonding combines the performance of the fixed-line network
with that of the mobile network, thus ensuring a significantly better customer experience. As at the end of 2017,
Swisscom had established around 3.9 million connections to its ultrafast broadband service (+8% in comparison
to the prior year) with speeds in excess of 50 Mbps through continuous expansion. Of this number, over 3.1 million
lines (+24% in comparison to the prior year) were equipped with the latest fibre-optic technology.

Innovative technologies put us right at the cutting edge

In terms of technology, Swisscom has maintained its leading international position. For example, Swisscom
became the first European telecommunications provider to introduce the G fast technology globally in September
2016. G.fast enables bandwidths of up to 500 Mbps on short copper cables (up to 200 metres in length). By way
of comparison, a speed of 500 Mbps will ensure that customers can use cutting-edge services for many years to
come, such as digital TV in HD quality which requires 10 Mbps or Netflix and YouTube in HD quality which needs
6 Mbps.

The Swisscom mobile network is one of the best by international standards. Swisscom currently supplies around
99% of the Swiss population with 4G, 3G and 2G coverage. Expansion is continuing, with 80% of the Swiss popu-
lation surfing the web with 4G+ at speeds of up to 300 Mbps and 60% with 4G+ at speeds of up to 450 Mbps. In
addition, Swisscom already provides speeds of up to 1 Gbps in 11 Swiss cities — and 30% of the Swiss population
will also benefit from these speeds by the end of 2018. The volume of data transferred on the mobile network
doubles every year. As a result and owing to the stringent legal framework conditions, the mobile network has to
be expanded with new mobile telephony sites. Microcells can enhance the mobile sites. Thanks to a Swisscom
innovation, they can even be installed in the floor and also be used in business premises and indoor public areas
by means of antennas. The good 4G coverage and the availability of WLAN in most buildings allows for Advanced
Calling, i.e. IP telephony via VoLTE (Voice over LTE) and WLAN (WiFi Calling). Furthermore, the newly launched HD
Voice Plus technology provides users with crystal-clear call quality.

25

Management Commentary

Infrastructure


--- Page 11 ---

26

Management Commentary

Infrastructure

Antennainthe — DSL/LTE Antennas for Macro- Micro- Mobil signal-
cable duct Bonding in-house amplification antenna antenna amplifier
=>
hed =>
—“~
= =
=> «
4G 4G 2G | 3G| 4G 2G | 3G| 4G 2G|3G|4G 2G | 3G| 4G

The rollout of 5G and replacement of 2G are both scheduled for 2020. 5G is the mobile communication standard
of digitisation, enabling speeds of up to 10 Gbps, real-time reaction and much larger capacities. Swisscom is
currently working together with Ericsson, the EPFL and Ypsomed on research into the new standard as part of the
“5G for Switzerland” programme, and is also in discussions with other industrial partners. Swisscom expects 5G
to create a great deal of advantages for the economy and companies, particularly in relation to the Internet

of Things.

Swisscom is continually expanding its broadband network, extending the product range and increasing the
number of antenna sites. It coordinates site expansions with other mobile providers wherever feasible and already
shares nearly a quarter of its approximately 8,400 antenna sites with other providers. At the end of 2017, Swisscom
had around 5,800 exterior units and 2,600 mobile communication antennas in buildings. And with around
5,500 hotspots in Switzerland, Swisscom is also the country’s leading provider of public wireless local area

networks.
The Internet of Things has long connected an immense numb

er of objects and devices to one another and to

people. Swisscom is the first provider in Switzerland to set up an additional network dedicated to the Internet of
Things: the Low Power Network (LPN). Swisscom is also planning to roll out Narrowband-loT and the expanded
LTE standard LTE Cat M1 in 2018. These technologies form the basis for the Internet of Things and thus for smart
cities, energy-efficient buildings, machine-to-machine networking and new digital applications. The LPN reached

more than 95% of the Swiss population by the end of 2017.

IT infrastructure

It’s not only bandwidths in the networks that are constantly increasing, but also the usage of cloud services.

Swisscom positions itself as a trustworthy provider of private,

ublic and hybrid cloud services. It is growing its

portfolio thanks to partnerships with internationally renowned organisations. The myCloud and Storebox storage
offerings resulted in data growth of 20 terabytes per day or 7 petabytes in total in 2017, which Swisscom stores
for its customers securely in its data centres. The switch to data transmission only by means of Internet Protocol

(AIL IP) is increasing the requirements imposed on locations that

reviously provided telephony services. The virtu-

alisation of network functions is bringing about the creation of new geographically redundant IT platforms that
can process large volumes of data with short reaction times, in addition to those in Zurich and Lausanne. Among
other things, they are laying the foundation for the rollout of the next generation of mobile technology — 5G. The
constant state of change on the market backs up Swisscom’s efforts to use the latest technologies both internally

and externally for the benefit of its customers. Instead of develo,

ing its own infrastructures, Swisscom is increas-

ingly making use of the standardised systems created by its partners and is turning its attention to developing

market-specific, value-added services that are based on the res|

ective infrastructure. The industrialisation of IT

continues to make good progress, accompanied by the development of modern applications that benefit from the
new opportunities offered by the platforms and cut costs. Nevertheless, the old and new technologies will con-

tinue to exist and function side-by-side over the coming years.

Swisscom can use specific services here, e.g. the

“Journey to the Cloud” portfolio, to establish itself in the digital transformation. By combining different genera-
tions of technology to meet its needs, Swisscom is building upon its experience and expertise to provide support

to its customers as they make their way in the digital world.


--- Page 12 ---

Infrastructure in Italy

Network infrastructure

Fastweb’s network infrastructure consists of a fibre-optic network spanning approximately 47,500 kilometres,
reaching some 60% of the Italian population. Its ultrafast broadband connections are used by around 8 million
households and businesses, or 30% of the population, with FTTH and FTTS technologies enabling speeds of up to
1 Gbps or 200 Mbps, respectively. In 2016, Fastweb concluded a strategic partnership with TIM (Flash Fiber) to the
FTTH coverage in 29 cities. By the end of 2020, Fastweb will have over 13 million ultrafast broadband connections,
with 5 million of these equipped with FTTH technology and 8 million with FTTC technology. In 2017, Fastweb also
launched a new mobile service based on a full MVNO agreement with TIM.

IT infrastructure

Fastweb operates four large data centres in Italy with a total surface area of 8,000 square metres. The IT infrastructure
consists of around 5,500 servers (4,000 virtual servers and 1,500 physical servers), 900 databases and 5 petabytes of
storage capacity. One data centre is managed by a technology partner who is responsible for setting up, designing
and adapting the centre as well as for the operational tasks of Fastweb’s IT infrastructure. Two data centres are
mainly used for corporate business services, in other words for housing, hosting or other cloud-based services. One
of the Fastweb data centres in Milan was the first in Italy to receive Tier IV certification, which recognises the highest
level of reliability, security and performance. The data centre is fully operational and hosts services for business
customers.

27

Management Commentary

Infrastructure


--- Page 13 ---

28

Employees

Management Commentary

Employees

At the end of 2017, Swisscom had 20,506 full-time equivalent employees,
of whom 17,688 or 86% were employed in Switzerland. Swisscom is also training
959 apprentices in Switzerland.

Employees in Switzerland

Introduction

Swisscom staff are employed under private law. The legal terms and conditions of employment in Switzerland are
based on the Swiss Code of Obligations. General terms and conditions of employment which exceed the mini-
mum standard defined by the Code of Obligations govern the employment law provisions applicable to Swisscom
management staff in Switzerland, also known as the collective employment agreement. In the year under review,
employees in Switzerland on open-ended contracts accounted for 99.6% of the workforce (prior year: 99.7%). Part-
time employees made up 19.6% (prior year: 18.8%). Terminations of employment by employees in Switzerland
amounted to 6.3% of the workforce (prior year: 5.8%). Further information on HR topics can be found in the
Sustainability Report.

Collective employment agreement (CEA)

Swisscom is committed to fostering constructive dialogue with its social partners (the syndicom union and the
transfair staff association) as well as the employee associations (employee representatives). The collective employ-
ment agreement (CEA) and the social plan constitute fair and consensual solutions. Under the Telecommunications
Enterprise Act (TEA), Swisscom is also obliged to draw up a collective employment agreement in consultation with
the employee associations. In the event of any controversial issues, an arbitration commission must be convened
which will support the social partners by providing suggestions for solutions. The current collective employment
agreement (CEA) has been in force since 1 April 2015 and will be replaced by a new CEA on 1 July 2018. The CEA
sets out the key terms and conditions of employment and the relationship between Swisscom and the social
partners. At the end of December 2017, 83% of the Swisscom workforce were covered by the collective employ-
ment agreement. The key terms and conditions of employment set out in the CEA govern working hours and
working models, salaries and salary payments, professional developments, holidays and absences, among other
aspects. The past core elements are set out in the Sustainability Report. The CEA grants the social partners and the
employee associations rights of co-determination in various areas. The new CEA has been amended in view of the
requirements of the working world of the future as well as to fall in line with market conditions. It takes particular
account of employability, family-friendliness, work-life balance and the protection of privacy.

Social plan

The objective of the social plan is to formulate socially acceptable restructuring measures and avoid job cuts. It
sets out the benefits provided to employees covered by the CEA who are affected by redundancy. Furthermore,
the social plan makes use of the relevant means to increase the employability of employees and provides for
retraining measures in the event of long-term job cuts. Responsibility for implementing the social plan lies with
Worklink AG, a subsidiary of Swisscom. It provides employees with advice and support in their search for new
employment and arranges temporary external or internal work placements. The offering provided by Worklink to
employees also includes skill assessments, career advice and coaching sessions to enhance employability.
Swisscom also supports special employment schemes, such as phased partial retirement or temporary place-
ments in similar areas of expertise, in line with its commitment to providing fair solutions for older employees
affected by changes in skill set requirements or redundancy. In 2017, 77% of those affected found a new job before
the end of the social plan programme.


--- Page 14 ---

Employee remuneration

Salary system
Competitive pay packages help to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated specialists and managerial staff.
Swisscom’s salary system comprises a basic salary, a variable performance-related component and bonuses. The
basic salary is determined based on function, individual performance and the job market. The performance-re-
lated salary component is contingent on business performance as well as individual performance in the case of
executive functions. Business performance is measured based on achievement of the Swisscom Group’s overarching
targets and the targets of the respective business segment or division. The targets primarily relate to key financial
indicators and customer loyalty. Individual performance is measured according to the achievement of results- and
see report conduct-related contributions. Details on remuneration paid to members of the Group Executive Board are
pagesi provided in the Remuneration Report.

Pay round and payroll development

In 2016, Swisscom and its social partners signed a pay round agreement for 2016 and 2017. With effect from April
2017, salaries for employees participating in the CEA were increased by 0.6% of the total salary. Salary adjustments
were made based on individual employee performance and specifically for employees with salaries that needed
to be increased in line with the market. The sum of salaries paid out to members of management was increased
by 0.3% for individual salary adjustments. Salaries that needed to be brought in line with the market were specif-
ically adjusted. In comparison with the previous year, the sum of salaries paid out in Switzerland fell by 2.7% to
CHF 2.1 billion. Salary increases were more than offset by the decline in the number of jobs.

Staff development

Swisscom’s market environment is constantly changing. The company invests in targeted professional training for
its employees and managers in order to maintain and improve their employability and the company’s competi-
tiveness in the long term. Employees have the opportunity to attend internal and external training programmes.
Asa pioneer in the field of digitisation in Switzerland, Swisscom is dedicated to getting to grips with the working
models of the future so as to provide employees and management with a learning environment in which they can
develop new skills and shape their own professional development. In 2017, every Swisscom employee spent
3.1 days on learning, training and development.

Employee satisfaction

Swisscom employees submit their feedback with respect to a wide range of questions revolving around their per-
sonal work situation several times a year. The results are available for everyone to access in real time and allow
individual employees, individual teams and the entire organisation to respond to feedback and make improve-
ments. The new survey promotes a culture of feedback which creates the shared basis to grow Swisscom together.
Three survey rounds have taken place since October 2016. The response rate was 61% across the three rounds.
79% of employees took part in at least one survey. The results so far show that 77% of participating employees
rate their work situation as positive, 33% of them as very positive even. The Swisscom values for the dimensions
surveyed are higher than or just as high as those of the benchmark.

Diversity

The different perspectives, experiences, ideas and skills provided by all of the employees when working together
in their day-to-day work make Swisscom the successful and innovative company it is. To promote diversity,
Swisscom aligns its activities to the dimensions of gender, inclusion, generations and language regions. In the area
of gender for instance, Swisscom is placing the emphasis on flexible working models which help to promote a
better balance between work and family as well as on a wide range of measures designed to increase the accep-
tance of part-time work, on job-sharing and on the promotion of talent. This has resulted in a slight increase in the
number of women in management positions from 11.1% to 11.7% since 2015. The number of employees working
part-time has also risen marginally since 2015, from 18.8% to 20.0%. Part-time male employees amount to 11.1%.

Employees

Management Commentary


--- Page 15 ---

30

Employees

Management Commentary

Employees in Italy

Employment agreement for the telecoms sector

Statutory terms and conditions of employment in Italy are based on the Contratto collettivo nazionale di lavoro
(CCNL), a state collective employment agreement. The CCNL defines the terms and conditions of employment
between Swisscom’s Italian subsidiary Fastweb and its employees. It also contains provisions governing relations
between Fastweb and the unions.

Employee representation and relations with the unions

Fastweb engages in dialogue with the unions and the employee representatives and, in the event of major opera-
tional changes, involves them at an early stage.

Industry-wide collective agreement for employees

The working week for employees covered by the CCNL is 40 hours. Benefits include five weeks’ annual leave,
20 weeks’ maternity leave and one day of paternity leave. In the event of incapacity for work due to illness or
accident, Fastweb guarantees full payment of the employee's salary for 180 days and half the salary for a further
185 days.

Working time model

The company’s terms and conditions of employment enable employees to achieve a healthy balance between
their work requirements and private needs. These include in particular the following measures agreed with the
unions in the Conciliazione famiglia e lavoro in 2001: flexible office working hours, choice of shifts for mothers and
temporary part-time work for mothers.

Employee remuneration

Fastweb offers competitive salary packages aimed at attracting and retaining highly qualified specialists and
managers. The company’s salary system comprises a basic salary, a collective variable profit-sharing bonus for
non-managerial staff and a variable performance-related component for managerial staff which is contingent on
meeting individual goals and company targets. The basic salary is determined according to function, individual
performance and the situation in the labour market. The variable profit-sharing bonus is based on the Premio di
risultato agreed separately with the unions. Fastweb respects the legal minimum salary defined by the CCNL.


--- Page 16 ---

Brands, products and services

Swisscom is committed to service and quality and to interacting with its
customers in a personalised and value-adding manner.

Swisscom brands

The Swisscom brand is managed strategically as an intangible asset and an important element of the Group’s
reputation management. It provides optimum support for Swisscom’s business activities, gives guidance to
customers and partners, and also acts to attract and motivate current and potential staff.

The brand is implemented across all units — in a consistent and high-quality manner. It also has to be extremely
flexible at the same time, bridging the gap between known and new concepts, and likewise standing for network
and infrastructure, best experiences and entertainment, as well as ICT and digitisation.

Swisscom offers products and services from the core business under the Swisscom corporate branding, as well as
under the secondary brands Wingo and SimplyMobile and the third-party brand M-Budget. It also has other
brands in its portfolio which are associated with other themes and business areas. Outside Switzerland, Swisscom’s
main market is Italy, where it operates under the Fastweb brand. The strategic management and development of
the entire brand portfolio is an integral part of corporate communications.

searchll cablex directoriespama FASTUVES wingo

‘@ mila tiko % evita’ oa: nm

swisscom

°o a kp ©

localsearch TELECLUB DATAs PORT ® BILLAG

Extract of the brand portfolio.

Swisscom wants to be perceived as being trustworthy, committed and curious, and aims to support its customers
in today’s networked world. This is embodied by the successful mobile telephony and bundled offerings, as well as
the ongoing success of the Swisscom TV business. The Teleclub, Kitag and Cinetrade brands, also operated by
Swisscom, make a further contribution to positioning the Group in the entertainment market. Other progressive
offerings with a market presence, such as cloud services under the Swisscom brand or — for example in the
e-commerce sector — under the siroop brand, improve the company’s position on the market and reflect its
commitment towards the continuous improvement of its services.

Trustworthiness and service remain important factors in confirming to existing customers that they made the
right decision in opting for Swisscom and in winning new customers, while also helping to underscore the impor-
tance of Swisscom for Switzerland: Swisscom is part of a modern Switzerland, is always recognisable as a Swiss
company and positions itself clearly and credibly through its stance on responsibility. All this rounds off the
positive image of the Swisscom brand and enriches the Group’s multi-faceted customer relationships. This is one
reason why the reputation values achieved by Swisscom are exceptionally high for a company in the telecommu-
nications sector by global standards.

External rankings also confirm this image. According to the “Best Swiss Brands” survey carried out by Interbrand,
Swisscom sits in fourth place. This makes it one of the most valuable brands in Switzerland, with a monetary
brand value of over CHF 5 billion.

31

Management Commentary
Brands, products and services


--- Page 17 ---

32

Management Commentary
Brands, products and services

Products and services in Switzerland

Residential Customers

Swisscom offers products and services from the core business under the Swisscom corporate branding, as well as
under the secondary brands Wingo and SimplyMobile and the third-party brand M-Budget. In order to provide its
customers with the best communications experiences, Swisscom is constantly adjusting its portfolio of offerings
to meet customer needs. The offerings were further simplified following the launch of the inOne subscription
packages in spring 2017. Their modular structure allows customers to select the individual components according
to their needs.

Offerings for private individuals

Thanks to “inOne home”, Swisscom is able to offer private individuals a bundled offering tailored to customer
needs with a choice of TV and/or fixed-line telephony on top of the broadband connection. For all three compo-
nents, customers can select from three separately priced profiles with varying levels of service. The profiles differ
mainly in terms of Internet speed, the number of TV channels available, the activation of the recording and replay
functions, and the free call minutes/SMS allocation. Customers can also choose not to include the TV and fixed-
line telephony components in their individual package.

In “inOne mobile”, Swisscom has launched a new mobile subscription that provides customers with an even larger
scope of service. This subscription allows Swisscom customers to make unlimited phone calls and send unlimited
SMS messages to all Swiss networks, as well as unlimited Internet surfing at flat rates. The profiles in the offering
mainly differ in terms of mobile data speeds and the inclusive services when abroad. “inOne mobile” customers
can use their mobile line with the same telephone number on up to three devices at once. Swisscom offers occa-
sional users of the mobile network prepaid services with no monthly subscription fee. The basic tariff of the
“inOne mobile prepaid” subscription also offers faster surfing speeds and three new bundled packages to meet a
wide range of customer needs. With “inOne XTRA mobile”, young people under the age of 26 will receive a dis-
count on their subscription. The new “SimplyMobile” subscription, which is available in selected Coop sales chan-
nels, is the first offering in Switzerland in which the data allowance does not expire at the end of the month.
Customers can now hand their damaged mobile phones into Swisscom Repair Centres and have them repaired
without the phone leaving the Swisscom Shop, while myCloud offers Swisscom customers a Swiss solution for the
secure management and sharing of their personal data, such as photos, videos and documents. Customers can
securely save their important documents, passwords and notes in Docsafe. Swisscom is also continually upgrad-
ing its service offerings, thus catering to changing customer needs.

Offerings for SMEs

Swisscom offers companies with up to five employees “inOne SME office”, and companies with six employees or
more “Smart Business Connect”. The two bundled offerings include a broadband connection, a fixed-line tele-
phony service and additional services such as an Internet failover. The “inOne SME office” offering can be expanded
to include the TV service. Within this offering, customers can choose the components and assemble them into a
package that meets their needs. In addition, customers with “inOne SME mobile” can make unlimited phone calls
and send unlimited SMS messages to all Swiss networks, as well as enjoy unlimited surfing, for an all-in flat rate.
Customers can choose from a range of profiles with different prices and services. In this way, customers only use
and pay for the services they actually need.

Thanks to modern collaboration functions (UCC) and modular IT product components (Dynamic Computing Ser-
vices and Business Network Solutions), SMEs are gaining a measure of flexibility in their everyday work, as they can
modify their IT and communications infrastructure at any time to meet their requirements. Swisscom also offers
software from the cloud (Storebox, Microsoft Office 365 and HomepageTool) as well as full service solutions.
Through the digital solutions on offer, Swisscom gives its SME customers the option to work on any device or in
any location, and sets them up to overcome the challenges of an increasingly interconnected world. Furthermore,
Swisscom gives SMEs access to information and directory services in the form of localsearch, which makes it easy
to find addresses, telephone numbers and detailed information on companies — on the Internet, via the mobile
app and in the printed telephone directory (Local Guide).


--- Page 18 ---

Enterprise Customers

Digitisation is substantially changing business processes, business models, the customer experience and the
working world in companies. It therefore requires solid communication networks. Swisscom makes use of its
many years of experience as an integrated telecommunications and IT company in providing customers with sup-
port during the digitisation process. The company works together with customers to develop future-oriented
solutions, supported by one of the most comprehensive ICT portfolios in Switzerland. This portfolio comprises
cloud, outsourcing, workplace and UCC solutions, as well as mobile phone solutions, networking solutions, loca-
tion networking, business process optimisation, SAP solutions, security and authentication solutions (mobile ID)
and a full range of services tailored to the banking industry, ranging from IT and business outsourcing to trend
research. Swisscom expanded its cloud offering, IT security, digital consulting and software development in par-
ticular in 2017. In addition to this, Swisscom offers solutions relating to the Internet of Things, ranging from access
to an international ecosystem to connectivity and service development. The company provides hospitals with
support in the digitisation of processes and thus increases their efficiency levels. It also helps health insurance
companies by assuming the operation of their core IT systems. Swisscom is driving digitisation in the healthcare
sector by providing its networking solutions for service providers and implementing the electronic patient dossier
system.

Wholesale

Swisscom provides a variety of copper- and fibre-optic based connectors as per customer requirements. With the
Carrier Ethernet service, Carrier Line service and TCA leased lines, Swisscom Wholesale provides telecoms service
providers with high-quality, transparent, point-to-point connections that meet their needs with a range of band-
widths and interfaces and/or a flexible Ethernet service that allows for tailored bandwidths and service level
agreements. Swisscom also provides basic offerings for the connection of telecommunication systems and
services (interconnection) as well as infrastructure products such as the shared use of cable ducts.

Products and services in Italy

Fastweb provides its residential and corporate customers with voice and broadband services through its own
ultrafast broadband network as well as via unbundled access lines and wholesale products of TIM. In 2017,
Fastweb enhanced its convergence offerings by launching a mobile 4G service on the market, making its coverage
and performance the best in Italy. Fastweb’s offerings are characterised by a sense of simplicity (three price plans),
transparency (no promotions or hidden costs) and convergence (fixed network and mobile communications bun-
dled together). Fastweb also affirmed its leading role in the corporate customers sector in 2017, most notably in
the public administration segment. During the year under review, Fastweb continued upgrading and expanding
its fibre-optic network. 70% of the Fastweb FTTS network now provides speeds of up to 200 Mbps downstream;
in addition, the FTTH network has been upgraded to offer speeds of 1 Gbps, and thanks to the joint venture with
TIM (Flash Fiber), has been expanded to five additional major cities (Catania, Padua, Palermo, Perugia and Venice).
Finally, Fastweb has upgraded its WiFi sharing solution (WoW-Fi), which can turn a customer's home router into a
potential Wi-Fi access point for the entire Fastweb community. The new customer modem — known as FastGate —
has one of the best WiFi performances on the market, while the new mobile app further enhances the customer
experience.

33

Management Commentary
Brands, products and services


--- Page 19 ---

34

Management Commentary
Brands, products and services

Customer satisfaction

Swisscom Switzerland conducts segment-specific surveys and studies in order to measure general customer

satisfaction. It measures customer satisfaction twice a year, in the second and fourth quarters of the year. The

Wholesale segment measures customer satisfaction once a year. For all segments, the most important metrics

are the extent to which customers are willing to recommend Swisscom to others and the related Net Promoter

Score (NPS), which depicts the emotional aspects of customer loyalty as well as revealing customers’ attitudes

towards Swisscom. The NPS is calculated from the difference between promoters (customers who would strongly

recommend Swisscom) and critics (customers who would only recommend Swisscom with reservations or would

not recommend the company). Swisscom also conducts the following segment-specific surveys and studies:

> The Residential Customers segment conducts representative surveys to determine customer satisfaction and
the extent to which customers are willing to recommend Swisscom to others. Callers to the Swisscom hotline
and visitors to the Swisscom Shops are questioned regularly about waiting times and staff friendliness. Product
studies also regularly survey buyers and users to determine product satisfaction, service and quality.

> The Enterprise Customers segment conducts surveys among customers to measure satisfaction along the
customer experience chain. Feedback instruments are also used at key customer contact points in order to
determine customer satisfaction. After each interaction with the service desk or after placing orders, IT users
can submit feedback or enter their comments in the order system. Customers can also assess the quality and
success of their projects on completion.

> The Wholesale segment measures customer satisfaction along the entire customer experience chain.

The results of these studies and surveys help Swisscom to improve its services and products and they influence
the variable performance-related component of employees’ pay.


--- Page 20 ---

Innovation and development

In a dynamic environment in which the market situation and general conditions
are constantly changing, a company must be innovative to ensure long-term
success.

Innovation as an important driver

Innovation is a key driver in the bid to enter new markets and partake in up-and-coming technologies. Due to the
rapidly changing nature of Swisscom’s business environment, innovation and development — in other words the
commercially successful implementation of new ideas — are becoming increasingly important. Innovation is also
an important lever in remaining relevant in the core business, in generating growth in new markets and in digitis-
ing internal work processes. Swisscom strives to anticipate strategic challenges, new growth areas and future
customer needs early on, so as to help actively shape the future of telecommunications and the Internet. At
Swisscom, innovation takes place in all areas of the company as well as beyond. Within the company, Swisscom
practises and promotes decentralised product development. New ideas are generated throughout the company.
Outside the company, Swisscom promotes innovation throughout the industry. In particular, Swisscom is commit-
ted to supporting young companies that offer progressive solutions in the fields of IT, communications and enter-
tainment. It participates in start-ups as a project partner and investor, supports them by providing tailored products
and services, and offers them access to infrastructures and markets. Swisscom works in collaboration with FinTech
© _ start-ups and thus makes targeted investments in promising FinTech ventures. Swisscom is also present in Silicon
See Valley. Its branch offices run targeted trend and technology scouting operations and help to remain at the fore-

www.swisscom.ch/ ° . : ;
innovation front of technological development via collaborations with start-ups.

Targeted innovation

Swisscom is focusing its innovation activities on the following seven areas of innovation, which in turn directly
help the Group achieve its goals:

Digital Business
Set-up of data driven
and software-based

Internet of Things
Added value beyond connectivity

Network
More efficient expansion

and differentiation through
the best network

Digital Swisscom
Digitising internal processes
for simplification
and automation

platforms

in the platform
and application business

Analytics & Artificial
Intelligence

Better customer service
through artificial intelligence

Entertainment Security
Increasing the relevance Building security capabilities
of the offer, for internal

e.g. through new content

and external use

Management Commentary
Innovation and development


--- Page 21 ---

Swisscom continually invests in progressive solutions in these areas of innovation. The aim is to provide the best
ICT infrastructure for a digital Switzerland, tap new growth markets and offer its customers the best services and
products:

Network

> 5G for Switzerland: As part of the “5G for Switzerland” programme, Swisscom and Ericsson are making prepa-
rations for the new generation of mobile technology. Working together with the Federal Institute of Technol-
ogy Lausanne (EPFL) as a research partner, their aim is to advance the development of 5G. They are also plan-
ning to work together with industrial partners on developing and testing the potential applications in a wide
range of different areas, such as smart transportation and virtual reality. The research results will influence the
definition of the global 5G standard. Swisscom presented initial applications to journalists in June 2017.

> G.fast: (pronounced “gee dot fast”): At the end of 2017, Swisscom became the first telecommunications company in
Europe to integrate the innovative G.fast transmission standard into its fixed network. G-fast is an important element
of Swisscom’s fixed network strategy and accommodates the continuous data growth within the network. Thanks
to G-fast, customers can benefit from bandwidths of up to 500 Mbps

Internet of Things
> Nationwide networks in Switzerland for the Internet of Things (loT): Swisscom is laying the foundations for
national Internet of Things applications. The expansion of the only Low Power Network in Switzerland continued to
make strides in 2017. By the end of 2017, network coverage had already reached 90% of the Swiss population. The
mobile communications-based loT networks Narrowband-loT (NB-loT) and LTE Cat M1 are then set to be expanded
from 2018 to 2020. NB-loT is opening a whole new chapter for big data, enabling millions of networked devices, low
data rates, low energy consumption, beneficial hardware, very good indoor network coverage and high security.
It also offers global usability thanks to the 3GPP standard. With this, Swisscom will offer the right network for all loT
& applications: be it for battery-operated sensors which send data sporadically or for applications that transmit large
www.swisscom.ch/Ipn amounts of data regularly.

> Smart City: In Pully, Canton of Vaud, and other pilot cities, anonymised, aggregated mobile phone data is helping
to improve traffic flows in the town and relieve the burden on the town centre by displaying extremely accurate
movement patterns. The project is intended to act as a pilot: Swisscom is helping towns and cities to plan their
infrastructure in a more systematic manner and find easier ways to manage it. It is currently able to convert the
20 billion or so datasets that are created daily on the mobile phone network into traffic indicators using a smart
city solution. This solution will improve urban planning and accelerate the transformation of towns and cities as
the data delivered increases public acceptance of projects. The first application examples are available. In the
commune of Montreux, through traffic in the city centre was calculated precisely thanks to the Swisscom solu-
tion. Its annual share of the total volume of traffic worked out at 22%. As a consequence, the commune took the
decision not to go ahead with the construction of a tunnel that would have cost CHF 150 million. It follows that
such new indicators, as supplied by Swisscom’s smart city solution among others, offer a progressive way of
managing city development better than before. They are helping to overcome one of the biggest challenges of

sustainable cities: trafic management.

36

Analytics & Artificial Intelligence

> Artificial Intelligence: In 2017, Swisscom made targeted improvements to its expertise in the area of artificial
intelligence across various fields of application (customer support, customer experience and document
insights, etc.) and achieved major development steps in the data lake. In customer service, for example,
Swisscom launched a product that automatically categorises e-mails, making it possible to organise customer
service work far more effectively and efficiently.

Management Commentary
Innovation and development

Security

> Security thanks to artificial intelligence: The number of threats from the Internet continues to grow and the
threats themselves are becoming increasingly intelligent. Swisscom plans to use algorithms and corresponding
artificial intelligence to automatically identify attacks and threats as well as to initiate the corresponding
countermeasures. Artificial intelligence thus makes a considerable contribution towards ensuring a safe and
secure network. Since September 2017, Swisscom has been running the Computer Security Incident Response
Team. This team is able to respond to threats or existing incidents with intervention measures. For residential and
SME customers, Swisscom developed the “Internet Guard” in 2017 — network-based protection against phishing
websites and viruses. This protection is more comprehensive than ever before as it is based on a global blacklist.


--- Page 22 ---

Entertainment

>

UHD TV-Box for a new era of picture quality and voice recognition: After eleven years, Swisscom discontinued
Swisscom TV 1.0 at the end of 2017. The first generation of the IPTV offering is now only used by less than one
percent of customers. When Swisscom TV came on the market in autumn 2006 it was ahead of its time. Back
in 2006, high-definition television, which is commonplace these days, was still seen as an exception. Swisscom
has been continuously pressing ahead with the development of Swisscom TV in recent years. An entirely new
TV offering was developed with input from our own customers in Switzerland and by our own Swisscom
designers and engineers. The UHD TV-Box is therefore a product for Switzerland which is developed and pro-
duced in Switzerland in line with the wishes of its customers. The developers paid particular attention to low
energy consumption, dispensing with a disruptive fan and ensuring a compact form. The latest generation of
the TV-Box processes images in super-sharp UHD quality. It features voice recognition in dialect, is fully acces-
sible for customers with a sensory impairment and includes a personal on-screen programme guide that
points out favourite shows that have been missed over the last seven days.

Digital Swisscom

>

Simplification of processes: To get ahead in a digital world, Swisscom must first digitise itself and become a
model digital company. In 2017, Swisscom again took a series of targeted steps to take it closer to this goal.
These include work in agile structures (for example, use of the SaFE framework for agile development), as well
as the simplification of crucial processes such as those involved in customer activation and problem-solving in
customer service. In 2017, for example, Swisscom succeeded in making the process for solving incidents much
more proactive and in providing customers with efficient, digital self-care. With the completion of All IP in
2018, Swisscom will take a giant step towards its own digitisation.

Digital Business
In the Digital Business innovation field, Swisscom supported key innovations in 2017, both within and outside the
company, through the promotion of intrapreneurship as well as through Swisscom Ventures.

>
>
>

FinTech: Launch of two FinTech ventures (Swiss Credit Exchange, Swisscom Blockchain Ltd)

siroop: Testing of the new marketplace Evero for consumer-to-consumer relationships

Kickbox: Establishment and setup of an intrapreneurship programme providing employees with resources
(for example, time and budget) to realise innovation projects.

In addition to the activities it carries out in innovation fields, Swisscom is constantly investigating the opportunities
offered by new technologies. In 2017, it focused on the potential of blockchain disruptive technology as well as
virtual and augmented reality. The aim is for Swisscom to provide the best infrastructure for a digital Switzerland,
tap new growth markets and offer its customers the best services and products.

37

Management Commentary
Innovation and development


--- Page 23 ---

Management Commentary

Financial review

Financial review

Net revenue in CHF million

16,000

11,678 11,643 11,662

1,862 H 1,948 HH 2,155 |

9,816 9.695

12,000

8,000

4,000
mi Fastweb

Swisscom
w/o Fastweb

2015 2016 2017

Capital expenditure in CHF million

3,000
2,409 2,416 2,378
2,250 —— 81 633 692
1,828 1,783
1,500 1,686
750
mFastweb
Swisscom
0 w/o Fastweb
2015 2016 2017

Operating free cash flow in CHF million

3,000

2,250
2,159

1,844 1,791
1,500

750

2015 2016 2017

EBITDA in CHF million

6,000
4,500 —— 4,098 4,293 4,295
619 721 845
3,479 3,572
3,000 : ae
1,500
mi Fastweb
Swisscom
0 w/o Fastweb
2015 2016 2017
Headcount in full-time equivalents
24,000
21,637 21,127 20,506
2,401 2,468 2,504
18000 —soo36 18,659 TE
12,000
6,000
mi Fastweb
Swisscom
0 w/o Fastweb
2015 2016 2017

Net income in CHF million

2,000

1,500 —_________ 1,604. 1,561
1,362

1,000

500

2015 2016 2017


--- Page 24 ---

Summary

In CHF million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change
Net revenue 11,662 11,643 0.2%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,295 4,293 0.0%
EBITDA as % of net revenue 36.8 36.9

Operating income (EBIT) 2,131 2,148 -0.8%
Net income 1,568 1,604 2.2%
Share of net income attributable to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd 1,570 1,604 2.1%
Earnings per share (in CHF) 30.31 30.97 2.1%
Operating free cash flow 2,159 1,791 20.5%
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 2,378 2,416 1.6%
Net debt at end of year 7,447 7,846 5.1%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year (number) 20,506 21,127 2.9%

Swisscom’s net revenue was level with the previous year at CHF 11,662 million. Reported revenue increased by
0.2%, while on the basis of constant exchange rates it fell by 0.2%. Revenue in the Swiss core business decreased
by CHF 199 million or 2.1% to CHF 9,058 million, mainly due to declining revenue from fixed-line telephony and
lower income from roaming services. The Italian subsidiary Fastweb reported strong revenue and customer
growth. Revenue rose by EUR 149 million or 8.3% to EUR 1,944 million and the number of broadband customers
by 96,000 or 4.1% to 2.45 million.

At CHF 4,295 million, operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) remained on a par with the
previous year. It was impacted by non-recurring items, including one-off income from legal disputes at Fastweb
amounting to CHF 102 million (prior year: CHF 60 million) and net expenses associated with headcount reductions
in the Swiss business of CHF 61 million. Excluding non-recurring items and on the basis of constant exchange
rates, EBITDA fell by CHF 23 million or 0.5%. In the Swiss core business, a decrease of 2.4% or CHF 88 million resulted
on a like-for-like basis. The drop in revenue was partially offset by savings in indirect costs. Fastweb’s EBITDA
increased by EUR 58 million or 9.6% on an adjusted basis. Consolidated operating income (EBIT) contracted by
CHF 17 million or 0.8% to CHF 2,131 million due to higher depreciation and amortisation, while net income was
down CHF 36 million or 2.2% to CHF 1,568 million. Payment of an unchanged dividend of CHF 22 per share for the
2017 financial year will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting.

Capital expenditure fell by CHF 38 million or 1.6% to CHF 2,378 million. Progress continues to be made on expanding
the broadband networks. In Switzerland, capital expenditure for the expansion of the broadband networks remained
virtually unchanged at a high level. With other investments declining, capital expenditure in Switzerland fell overall
by CHF 96 million or 5.4% to CHF 1,678 million. Capital expenditure at Fastweb rose by EUR 41 million or 7.1% to
EUR 622 million, mainly as a result of higher customer-driven investment.

Operating free cash flow increased by CHF 368 million or 20.5% to CHF 2,159 million, fuelled chiefly by the improve-
ment in net working capital. At CHF 7,447 million, net debt was CHF 399 million lower than at the end of 2016. The
ratio of net debt to EBITDA is 1.7 (prior year: 1.8).

Headcount decreased year-on-year by 621 FTEs or 2.9% to 20,506 FTEs. In comparison with the previous year,
headcount in Switzerland fell by 684 FTEs or 3.7% to 17,688 FTEs as a result of the declining core business. More
than three quarters of the reduction was offset by natural fluctuation and vacancy management.

For 2018, Swisscom expects net revenue of around CHF 11.6 billion, EBITDA of around CHF 4.2 billion and capital
expenditure of less than CHF 2.4 billion. Subject to achieving its targets, Swisscom will propose payment of an
unchanged dividend of CHF 22 per share for the 2018 financial year at the 2019 Annual General Meeting.

39

Management Commentary

Financial review


--- Page 25 ---

40

Management Commentary

Financial review

Segment results

In CH million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change

Net revenue

Residential Customers 6,053 6,265 -3.4%
Enterprise Customers 2,508 2,540 -13%
Wholesale* 944 979 3.6%
IT, Network & Infrastructure 167 173 3.5%
Intersegment elimination (614) (700) 12.3%
Swisscom Switzerland 9,058 9,257 -2.1%
Fastweb 2,164 1,957 10.6%
Other Operating Segments 850 789 77%
Group Headquarters 1 2 —50.0%
Intersegment elimination (411) (362) 13.5%
Revenue from external customers 11,662 11,643 0.2%

Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)

Residential Customers 3,512 3,651 -3.8%
Enterprise Customers 832 848 19%
Wholesale 446 379 17.7%
IT, Network & Infrastructure (1,290) (1,262) 2.2%
Swisscom Switzerland 3,500 3,616 3.2%
Fastweb 845 721 17.2%
Other Operating Segments 180 164 9.8%
Group Headquarters (111) (114) 2.6%
Reconciliation item pension cost? (92) (72) 27.8%
Intersegment elimination (27) (22) 22.7%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,295 4,293 0.0%

+ Including intersegment settlements of services performed by other network providers.
? Operating income of segments includes ordinary employer contributions as pension fund expense.
The difference to the pension cost according to IAS 19 is recognised as a reconciliation item

Swisscom’s reporting focuses on the three operating divisions Swisscom Switzerland, Fastweb and Other Operating
Segments. Group Headquarters, which includes non-allocated costs, is reported separately. Swisscom Switzer-
land comprises the customer segments Residential Customers, Enterprise Customers and Wholesale, as well as
the IT, Network & Infrastructure division. Fastweb is a telecommunications provider for residential and business
customers in Italy. Other Operating Segments primarily comprises the Digital Business division, Swisscom Broadcast Ltd
(radio transmitters) and cablex Ltd (network construction and maintenance).

The IT, Network & Infrastructure segment does not charge any network costs to other segments, nor does Group
Headquarters charge any management fees to other segments. Other services between the segments are
recharged between the segments at market prices. Network costs in Switzerland are budgeted, monitored and
controlled by the IT, Network & Infrastructure division, which is managed as a cost centre. For this reason, no
revenue is credited to the IT, Network & Infrastructure segment within the segment reporting, with the exception
of the rental and administration of buildings and vehicles. The results of the Residential Customers, Enterprise
Customers and Wholesale segments correspond to a contribution margin before network costs.

Segment expenses comprise direct costs, personnel expenses and other operating costs less capitalised costs of
self-constructed assets and other income. Segment expense includes ordinary employer contributions as pension
fund expense. Under IAS 19, the difference between the ordinary employer contributions and the past service cost
is reported as a reconciliation item between the operating incomes of the segments and Group operating income.


--- Page 26 ---

Swisscom Switzerland

In CH million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change

Net revenue and results

Telecom services 6,464 6,662 -3.0%
Solution business 1,084 1,072 11%
Merchandise 648 637 17%
Wholesale 578 591 2.2%
Revenue other 203 213 AT%
Revenue from external customers 8,977 9,175 -2.2%
Intersegment revenue 81 82 12%
Net revenue 9,058 9,257 -2.1%
Direct costs (1,943) (2,028) 4.2%
Indirect costs (3,615) (3,613) 0.1%
Segment expenses (5,558) (5,641) 1.5%
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 3,500 3,616 3.2%
Margin as % of net revenue 38.6 39.1

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses (1,485) (1,473) 0.8%
Segment result 2,015 2,143 6.0%

Operational data at end of period in thousand

Fixed telephony access lines 2,047 2,367 13.5%
Broadband access lines retail 2,014 1,992 11%
Swisscom TV access lines 1,467 1,418 3.5%
Mobile access lines 6,637 6,612 0.4%
Revenue generating units (RGU) 12,165 12,389 1.8%
Bundles 1,907 1,672 14.1%
Unbundled fixed access lines 107 128 16.4%
Broadband access lines wholesale 435 364 19.5%

Capital expenditure and headcount

Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 1,654 1,755 5.8%

Full-time equivalent employees at end of year (number) 15,157 15,876 45%

Net revenue for Swisscom Switzerland fell by CHF 199 million or 2.1% to CHF 9,058 million as a result of fierce
competition and the downward trend in fixed-line telephony. Revenue from telecommunications services
decreased by CHF 198 million or 3.0% to CHF 6,464 million, with almost half of the drop due to the declining sub-
scriber base in the fixed-line telephony business, which fell by 320,000 connections or 13.5% to 2.0 million. The
other half of the decrease resulted from price cuts for new bundled offerings, increased promotions, the inclusion
of roaming fees in basic subscription charges and lower prices in the Enterprise Customers segment. In the solu-
tions business with large customers, revenue increased by CHF 12 million or 1.1% to CHF 1,084 million. In spite of
the very competitive environment, Enterprise Customers saw a 7% rise in incoming orders to around CHF 2.7 bil-
lion. For Wholesale, lower proceeds as a result of the reduction in termination tariffs on mobile networks were
largely offset by higher inbound roaming volumes.

The number of mobile subscribers rose by 25,000 or 0.4% year-on-year to 6.64 million in a saturated market.
Swisscom increased the number of subscribers to its postpaid lines by 90,000 or 2.0% to 4.64 million, whereas the
number of prepaid lines decreased by 65,000 or 3.2% to 2.0 million. The markets for broadband and TV are also
becoming increasingly saturated, and customer growth has slowed. The number of broadband connections rose
by another 22,000 or 1.1% to 2.0 million, while the number of TV connections grew by 49,000 or 3.5% to 1.47 mil-
lion. By the end of December 2017, i.e. just nine months after launch, over 1.3 million customers representing approx-
imately 2.7 million connections had opted for the inOne combined package . At the end of 2017, 1.9 million customers
were using a bundled package, which represents a year-on-year increase of 14.1%. Revenue from bundled contracts
increased year-on-year by CHF 335 million or 13.4% to CHF 2,837 million.

Segment expense fell by CHF 83 million or 1.5% to CHF 5,558 million. Excluding non-recurring items such as provi-
sions recognised for headcount reduction or regulatory risks and gains from the sale of properties, the decrease
was 2.0% on a like-for-like basis. The decrease of CHF 85 million or 4.2% in direct costs to CHF 1,943 million is due
to the lower termination tariffs on mobile networks and lower costs of purchasing goods. At CHF 3,615 million,

41

Management Commentary

Financial review


--- Page 27 ---

42

Management Commentary

Financial review

indirect costs were only marginally higher than the prior-year figure of CHF 3,613 million. Excluding non-recurring
items, indirect costs fell by 0.7%, whereby the reduced costs resulting from the decrease in headcount were par-
tially offset by the lower capitalised costs of self-constructed assets. Headcount fell year-on-year as a result of
efficiency measures by 719 FTEs or 4.5% to 15,157. The segment result before depreciation and amortisation was
CHF 116 million or 3.2% lower at CHF 3,500 million. A large portion of the drop in revenue was offset by cost savings,
resulting in a decline of 2.4% on a like-for-like basis. Capital expenditure fell by CHF 101 million or 5.8% to
CHF 1,654 million. Capital expenditure for the expansion of the broadband networks remained virtually unchanged
at a high level, while customer-driven investment and investment in other infrastructure decreased.

Fastweb

In EUR million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change
Residential Customers 986 906 8.8%
Corporate Business 710 706 0.6%
Wholesale 240 175 37.1%
Revenue from external customers 1,936 1,787 8.3%
Intersegment revenue 8 8 0.0%
Net revenue 1,944 1,795 8.3%
Segment expenses (1,185) (1,134) 45%
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 759 661 14.8%
Margin as % of net revenue 39.0 36.8

Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 622 581 7.1%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year (number) 2,504 2,468 15%
Broadband access lines at end of period in thousand 2,451 2,355 41%
Mobile access lines at end of period in thousand 1,065 676 57.5%

Fastweb’s net revenue rose by EUR 149 million or 8.3% year-on-year to EUR 1,944 million. Despite difficult market
conditions, Fastweb’s broadband customer base grew by 96,000 or 4.1% to around 2.5 million in 2017. Fastweb is
also growing in mobile telephony: compared to the previous year, the number of mobile access lines increased by
389,000 or 57.5% to 1.07 million due to the launch of attractive mobile offerings during 2017. The pressure on
pricing in the Residential Customers segment as a consequence of fierce competition was more than offset by
customer growth and the reduction in the billing period to four weeks introduced in the second quarter of 2017.
Revenue from residential customers rose accordingly by EUR 80 million or 8.8% to EUR 986 million. Despite the
high level of competition, Fastweb held its strong position in the market for business customers. Revenue from cor-
porate business increased by EUR 4 million or 0.6% to EUR 710 million, while wholesale business revenue was up
by EUR 65 million or 37.1% to EUR 240 million.

The segment result before depreciation and amortisation totalled EUR 759 million, equivalent to a year-on-year
increase of EUR 98 million or 14.8%. This includes one-off income from legal disputes amounting to EUR 95 million
(prior year: EUR 55 million). Adjusted for these effects, EBITDA rose by EUR 58 million or 9.6%. This increase was
mainly the result of higher revenue and improved regulatory conditions. The adjusted EBITDA margin rose by
0.4 percentage points to 34.2%. The expansion of Italy’s fibre-optic broadband network is continuing as planned.
Capital expenditure remained at a high level, totalling EUR 622 million. Headcount at Fastweb rose by 36 FTEs or
1.5% to 2,504 FTEs, driven chiefly by the appointment of new employees in the corporate business segment.


--- Page 28 ---

Other Operating Segments

In CHF million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change
Revenue from external customers 529 519 19%
Intersegment revenue 321 270 18.9%
Net revenue 850 789 7.7%
Segment expenses (670) (625) 7.2%
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 180 164 9.8%
Margin as % of net revenue 21.2 20.8

Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 58 49 18.4%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year (number) 2,580 2,493 3.5%

The net revenue of the Other Operating Segments rose year-on-year by CHF 61 million or 7.7% to CHF 850 million.
The increase was mainly due to higher revenue from construction services rendered by cablex for Swisscom
Switzerland. The segment result before depreciation and amortisation improved year-on-year by 9.8% or
CHF 16 million to CHF 180 million. This corresponds to a profit margin of 21.2%. Headcount rose by 87 FTEs or 3.5%
to 2,580 FTEs, driven primarily by the hiring of new employees at cablex.

Depreciation and amortisation, non-operating results

In CHF million, except where indicated 2017 2016 Change
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,295 4,293 0.0%
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses (2,164) (2,145) 0.9%
Operating income (EBIT) 2,131 2,148 0.8%
Net interest expense (149) (155) 3.9%
Other financial result (11) -

Share of results of associates (11) (3)

Income before income taxes 1,960 1,990 -1.5%
Income tax expense (392) (386) 1.6%
Net income 1,568 1,604 -2.2%
Share of net income attributable to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd 1,570 1,604 2.1%
Share of net income attributable to non-controlling interests (2) -

Earnings per share (in CHF) 30.31 30.97 2.1%

Depreciation and amortisation increased year-on-year by CHF 19 million or 0.9% to CHF 2,164 million; at constant
exchange rates this represents a rise of 0.3%. The amortisation of intangible assets related to business combinations
declined, amounting to CHF 50 million (prior year: CHF 104 million). Net interest expense declined by CHF 6 million
to CHF 149 million as a result of lower average interest costs. Income tax expense was CHF 392 million (prior year:
CHF 386 million), corresponding to an effective income tax rate of 20.0% (prior year: 19.4%).

Net income fell by CHF 36 million or 2.2% to CHF 1,568 million. Earnings per share is calculated based on the share
of net income attributable to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd and the average number of shares outstanding.
Earnings per share fell from CHF 30.97 to CHF 30.31.

43

Management Commentary

Financial review


--- Page 29 ---

44

Financial review

Management Commentary

Cash flows

In CHF million 2017 2016 Change
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,295 4,293 2
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (2,378) (2,416) 38
Change in net working capital and other cash flows from operating activities 242 (86) 328
Operating free cash flow 2,159 1,791 368
Net interest paid (155) (157) 2
Income taxes paid (289) (328) 39
Free cash flow 1,715 1,306 409
Net expenditures for company acquisitions and disposals (106) 43 (149)
Other cash flows from investing activities, net 120 (87) 207
Issuance and repayment of financial liabilities, net (401) (101) (300)
Dividends paid to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd (1,140) (1,140) -
Other cash flows (9) (14) 5
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 179 7 172

Free cash flow increased year-on-year by CHF 409 million to CHF 1,715 million, mainly due to higher operating free
cash flow. Operating free cash flow increased by CHF 368 million to CHF 2,159 million. In the previous year, cash
flow was affected by the payment of the penalty of CHF 186 million for the ongoing Competition Commission
proceedings regarding broadband services. Swisscom does not consider the sanction justified and has lodged an
appeal with the Federal Court. It paid the penalty of CHF 186 million in the first quarter of 2016, as no suspensive
effect had been granted. Excluding this payment, operating free cash flow rose by CHF 182 million or 9.2% versus
the previous year. This is attributable primarily to lower trade receivables, on the one hand, and prepaid expenses, on
the other. In the second quarter of 2017, the Swisscom pension fund (comPlan) also received a one-time payment of
CHF 50 million as a result of the pension fund changes communicated in October 2016.

Net expenditure for company acquisitions and disposals amounted to CHF 106 million (prior year: net proceeds of
CHF 43 million). This includes, in particular, the purchase of a Tiscali business division by Fastweb and the acquisi-
tion of the remaining shares of Cinetrade (prior year: sale of stake in Metroweb). Other cash flows chiefly include
the taking out and repayment of fixed-term deposits. In 2017, Swisscom issued debenture bonds with an aggre-
gate nominal value of CHF 500 million and paid back debenture bonds and private placements totalling around
CHF 900 million.

Development of free cash flow in CHF million

4,295

-2,378
204 36 2 2,159
7155 ae | 1,715
EBITDA Capital Change in Change in Other Operating Net interest Taxes Free
expenditure networking defined free cash paid paid cash flow
capital benefit flow

obligations


--- Page 30 ---

See report
pages 24—27

Capital expenditure

Swisscom remains committed to maintaining the high quality and availability of its network infrastructures. In
Switzerland this involves making targeted investments in ultrafast broadband network expansion, migrating to
an All-IP-based infrastructure, and modernising the mobile network to the latest mobile network standards. In
Italy, Fastweb is also systematically expanding the network infrastructure.

In CHF million, except where indic 2017 2016 Change
Fixed access & infrastructure 486 511 4.9%
Expansion of the fibre-optic network 469 476 15%
Mobile network 269 231 16.5%
Customer driven 109 176 —38.1%
Projects and others? 321 361 11.1%
Swisscom Switzerland 1,654 1,755 5.8%
Fastweb 692 633 9.3%
Other Operating Segments 58 49 18.4%
Group Headquarters and eliminations (26) (21) 23.8%
Total capital expenditure 2,378 2,416 -1.6%
Thereof Switzerland 1,678 1,774 5.4%
Thereof foreign countries 700 642 9.0%
Total capital expenditure as % of net revenue 204 20.8

+ Including All IP migration.

Capital expenditure decreased year-on-year by CHF 38 million or 1.6% to CHF 2,378 million, corresponding to
20.4% of net revenue (prior year: 20.8%). Swisscom Switzerland accounted for 70% of 2017 capital expenditure,
while Fastweb accounted for 29% and Other Operating Segments for 1%.

Capital expenditure incurred by Swisscom Switzerland declined year-on-year by CHF 101 million or 5.8% to
CHF 1,654 million, corresponding to 18.3% of net revenue (prior year: 19.0%). Capital expenditure for the expansion
of the broadband networks with the latest technologies remained virtually unchanged at a high level, while
customer-driven investment and investment in other infrastructure decreased.

Fastweb increased its capital expenditure year-on-year by CHF 59 million or 9.3% to CHF 692 million. In local
currency, the rise amounted to EUR 41 million or 7.1% to EUR 622 million. Fastweb is continuing the expansion of
the broadband networks in Italy as planned. The rise in capital expenditure is primarily the consequence of higher
customer-driven investment. The ratio of capital expenditure to revenue was 32.0% (prior year: 32.4%).

45

Management Commentary

Financial review


--- Page 31 ---

46

Financial review

Management Commentary

Net asset position

In CHF million 31.12.2017 31.12.2016 Change
Property, plant and equipment 10,697 10,177 520
Goodwill 5,186 5,156 30
Intangible assets 1,758 1,756 2
Trade receivables 2,389 2,425 (36)
Trade payables (1,753) (1,597) (156)
Provisions (1,077) (962) (115)
Other operating assets and liabilities, net (582) (601) 19
Net operating assets 16,618 16,354 264
Net debt (7,447) (7,846) 399
Defined benefit obligations (1,048) (1,850) 802
Income tax assets and liabilities, net (731) (447) (284)
Equity-accounted investees and

other non-current financial assets 253 311 (58)
Equity 7,645 6,522 1,123
Equity ratio at end of year 34.7 30.4

Ratio net debt/EBITDA 17 18

Operating assets

Net operating assets rose by CHF 0.3 billion or 1.6% to CHF 16.6 billion. The higher volume of property, plant and
equipment as a result of investing activity was offset by lower net working capital. The net carrying amount of
goodwill was CHF 5.2 billion, the bulk of which relates to Swisscom Switzerland (CHF 4.3 billion). This goodwill
arose primarily in 2007 in connection with the repurchase of the 25% stake in Swisscom Mobile Ltd sold to Vodafone
in 2001. Following the repurchase, the mobile, fixed-network and solutions businesses were organisationally
combined and merged to create the new company Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd. The valuation risk of this goodwill
item is extremely low. The net carrying amount of Fastweb’s goodwill is EUR 0.5 billion (CHF 0.6 billion). Fastweb’s
carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements totals EUR 2.9 billion (CHF 3.4 billion).

Net debt
Swisscom targets a net debt/EBITDA ratio of around 1.9. Net debt comprises financial liabilities less cash and cash

equivalents, current financial assets and non-current certificates of deposit, and derivative financial instruments
for financing.

Development of net debt in CHF million

_ 7,846. a5 Te 7,447
2,159 1,140 149
Net debt Operating Dividends Net interest Taxes paid Other Net debt
31.12.2016 free cash flow expense effects 31.12.2017

The ratio of net debt to EBITDA was 1.7 at the end of 2017 (prior year: 1.8). In recent years, Swisscom has taken
advantage of favourable capital market conditions with a view to optimising the interest and maturity structure
of the Group's financial obligations. The share of the Group's variable interest-bearing financial liabilities amounts
to 16%.


--- Page 32 ---

As at 31 December 2017, Swisscom’s financial liabilities amounted to CHF 8.3 billion. Around 80% of the financial
liabilities have a residual term to maturity of more than one year. Financial liabilities with a term of one year or less
amounted to CHF 1.7 billion at 31 December 2017. In 2017, the average interest expense on all financial liabilities
was 1.7% (prior year: 1.9%), and the average residual term to maturity was 5.3 years. A large proportion of the
financial liabilities will fall due for repayment if a shareholder other than the Swiss Confederation gains majority
control over Swisscom.

Duewithin Duewithin Duewithin Duewithin —_Dueafter
In CHF million year 1to2years 3toSyears 6 to 10 years 10 years Total
Bank loans - - 445 176 100 720
Debenture bonds 1,385 - 1,670 2,085 960 6,100
Private placements 72 278 - 150 500
Finance lease liabilities 23 18 30 27 363 461
Other financial liabilities 235 109 28 3 - 375
Total interest-bearing financial liabilities 1,715 405 2,173 2,291 1,573 8,156

Post-employment benefits

Defined benefit obligations presented in the consolidated financial statements are measured in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Net defined benefit obligations amounted to CHF 1.0 billion,
which represents a CHF 0.8 billion decline year-on-year, mainly due to the return on plan assets of CHF 0.9 billion.
In accordance with the Swiss accounting standards applicable to the pension fund (Swiss GAAP ARR), the funding
surplus amounts to CHF 0.8 billion, corresponding to a coverage ratio of 108%. The main reasons for the difference
of CHF 1.8 billion compared with IFRS are the application of differing actuarial assumptions, for example with
regard to the discount rate, life expectancy and risk sharing (CHF 1.1 billion), as well as a different actuarial mea-
surement method (CHF 0.7 billion). Unlike Swiss GAAP, IFRS measurement takes into account future salary, contri-
bution and pension increases and early retirements.

Equity

Equity rose by CHF 1.1 billion or 17.2% to CHF 7.6 billion, while the ratio of equity to total assets increased from
30.4% to 34.7%. The CHF 1.6 billion in net income and net gains of CHF 0.8 billion recognised directly in equity
exceeded dividend payments of CHF 1.1 billion to the shareholders of Swisscom Ltd. Net gains recognised directly
in equity include non-cash actuarial gains from pension plans totalling CHF 0.7 billion as well as unrealised gains
of CHF 0.1 billion resulting from currency translation of foreign Group companies. The CHF/EUR exchange rate
climbed from 1.074 at the end of 2016 to 1.17 at the end of 2017. On 31 December 2017, cumulative currency
translation losses recognised in equity amounted to CHF 1.7 billion (after tax).

Distributable reserves are calculated on the basis of equity reported in the separate financial statements of
Swisscom Ltd in accordance with Swiss company-law financial-reporting standards, rather than on the basis of
equity as disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with International Financial Report-
ing Standards (IFRS). On 31 December 2017, the equity of Swisscom Ltd totalled CHF 5.31 billion. The difference
between this amount and equity disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet is essentially due to earnings retained
by subsidiaries as well as different accounting and valuation methods. Under Swiss company law, share capital
and that part of the general reserves representing 20% of the share capital may not be distributed. On 31 Decem-
ber 2017, Swisscom Ltd held distributable reserves of CHF 5.25 billion.

47

Management Commentary

Financial review


--- Page 33 ---

48

Management Commentary

Financial review

Value-oriented business management

Key performance indicators for planning and managing business operations are revenue, operating income before
depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) and capital expenditure. The enterprise value/EBITDA ratio also permits
comparisons of Swisscom’s enterprise value derived from the share price on the balance sheet date with that of
similar companies (European telecommunications companies) as well as with the prior year. The members of the
Board of Directors and Group Executive Board are paid a portion of their remuneration in the form of Swisscom
shares, which are blocked for a period of three years. They are also subject to a minimum shareholding require-
ment. Variable remuneration based on financial and non-financial targets, the partial payment of remuneration
in shares and the minimum shareholding requirement ensure that the financial interests of management are
aligned with the interests of shareholders.

In CHF million, except where indicated 31.12.2017 31.12.2016

Enterprise value

Market capitalisation 26,859 23,627
Net debt 7,447 7,846
Defined benefit obligations 1,048 1,850
Equity-accounted investees and

other non-current financial assets (253) (311)
Non-controlling interests (11) 8
Enterprise value (EV) 35,090 33,020
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,295 4,293
Ratio enterprise value/EBITDA 8.2 77

Swisscom’s enterprise value increased by 6.3% or CHF 2.1 billion to CHF 35.1 billion in 2017. The rise in stock market
capitalisation of 13.7% or CHF 3.2 billion was partially offset by a reduction in net debt of CHF 0.4 billion and in
pension liabilities of CHF 0.8 billion. With EBITDA remaining practically unchanged, the higher enterprise value
resulted in an increase in the ratio of enterprise value to EBITDA to 8.2 (prior year: 7.7). Swisscom’s relative market
valuation is therefore well above the average for comparable companies in Europe's telecoms sector. The higher
ratio is supported by the solid market position Swisscom has achieved thanks to a high level of investment and an
attractive dividend policy, as well as the lower interest rates and lower corporate income tax rates in Switzerland
as compared to other European countries.


--- Page 34 ---

Statement of added value

Thanks to a modern, high-performance network infrastructure and a comprehensive, needs-driven service offering,
Swisscom makes an important contribution to Switzerland’s competitiveness and economic success and generates
direct added value. Operating added value is equivalent to net revenue less goods and services purchased, other
indirect costs and depreciation and amortisation. Personnel expense in the statement of added value is treated as
use of added value rather than as an intermediate input.

2017 2016
In CHF million Switzerland Abroad Total | Switzerland Abroad Total
Added value

Net revenue 9,476 2,186 11,662 9,665 1,978 11,643
Capitalised self-constructed assets and other income 325 183 508 325 143 468
Direct costs (1,946) (720) (2,666) (2,036) (723) (2,759)
Other operating expenses* (1,594) (604) (2,198) (1,634) (467) (2,101)
Depreciation and amortisation? (1,528) (586) (2,114) (1,493) (548) (2,041)
Intermediate inputs (4,743) (1,727) (6,470) (4,838) (1,595) (6,433)
Operating added value 4,733 459 5,192 4,827 383 5,210
Other non-operating result? (72) (107)
Total added value 5,120 5,103
Allocation of added value

Employees* 2,666 244 2,910 2,651 224 2,875
Public sector® 376 18 394 308 13 321
Shareholders (dividends) 1,148 1,148
Third-party lenders (net interest expense) 149 155
Company (retained earnings) ® 519 604
Total added value 5,120 5,103

+ Other operating expense: excluding taxes on capital and other taxes not based on income.

? Depreciation and amortisation: excluding amortisation of acquisition-related intangible assets such as brands or customer relations.

> Other non-operating result: financial result excluding net interest expense, share of profits of investments in associates, and depreciation and amortisation of
acquisition-related intangible assets. 49

“ Employees: employer contributions are reported as pension cost, rather than as expenses according to IFRS.

5 Public sector: current income taxes, taxes on capital and other taxes not based on income, as well as ComCo sanctions.

© Company: including changes in deferred income taxes and defined benefit obligations.

Financial review

>
Of the consolidated operating added value of CHF 5.2 billion, 91% or CHF 4.7 billion was generated in Switzerland, €
which was 1.9% less than in the previous year. In contrast, added value per FTE was 1.2% higher at CHF 262,000. &
In addition to direct added value, purchases from suppliers provide significant indirect added value for Switzer- §
land’s economic development. Taking into account capital expenditure instead of depreciation and amortisation, ¢
the purchasing volume in the Swiss business was around CHF 4.9 billion in 2017, with added value contributed by E
suppliers in Switzerland of approximately 60% or CHF 2.9 billion. gp
£
=
Swisscom development of added Allocation of added value in%
value per employee in Switzerland in CHF thousand 3%
400 Third-party lenders
10%
‘Company

300

57%

8% ‘4 Employees

272 259 262 Public sector
200
22%
100 Shareholders
i)

2015 2016 2017



--- Page 35 ---

50

Management Commentary

Financial review

Financial outlook

2018 2018
2017 2017 Change Impact 2018
In CHF million, except where indicated reported pro-forma w/o IFRS 15 IFRS 15 outlook ?
Net revenue
Swisscom Group 11,662 11,662 <O0 (10) ~ CHF 11.6 bn
Swisscom without Fastweb <0 ~ CHF 9.2 bn
Fastweb >0 > EUR 2.0 bn
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)
Swisscom Group 4,295 4,254* <O0 (50) ~ CHF 4.2 bn
Swisscom without Fastweb <0 ~ CHF 3.4 bn
Fastweb >0 ~ EUR 0.7 bn
Capital expenditure
Swisscom Group 2,378 2,378 <0 - < CHF 2.4 bn
Swisscom without Fastweb <0 > CHF 1.6 bn
Fastweb >0 ~ EUR 0.6 bn

+ Adjustment of CHF 41 million: Fastweb litigation income of CHF 102 million less termination benefits of CHF 61 million.
? Echange rate CHF/EUR of 1.16 (CHF/EUR of 1.11 for financial year 2017)

For 2018, Swisscom anticipates net revenue of around CHF 11.6 billion, EBITDA of around CHF 4.2 billion and capital
expenditure of less than CHF 2.4 billion. Due to strong competition and price pressure, Swisscom’s revenue with-
out Fastweb is expected to decline; however, this should be partially offset by a rise in Fastweb’s revenue. EBITDA
for Swisscom, excluding Fastweb, is expected to be lower year-on-year. The expected reduction in EBITDA is attrib-
utable to price pressure and continued declines in the number of fixed-line telephony connections. EBITDA will be
positively affected by cost savings. Fastweb’s EBITDA is expected to be higher. From 2018 onwards, a new account-
ing standard for recognising revenue (IFRS 15) is to be applied, which is likely to have a negative effect on EBITDA
of around CHF 50 million. By contrast, at the current euro exchange rate, the currency translation of Fastweb
should positively affect revenue and EBITDA. Capital expenditure is expected to be slightly lower in Switzerland
and slightly higher at Fastweb. Subject to achieving its targets, Swisscom will propose payment of an unchanged,
attractive dividend of CHF 22 per share for the 2018 financial year at the 2019 Annual General Meeting.


--- Page 36 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
shareprice

Capital market

Swisscom’s shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. The creditworthiness
of Swisscom is regularly assessed by international rating agencies.

Swisscom share

Swisscom’s market capitalisation as at 31 December 2017 amounted to CHF 26.9 billion (previous year: CHF 23.6 bil-
lion). The number of shares issued remained the same at 51.8 million. Par value per registered share is CHF 1. Each
share entitles the holder to one vote. Voting rights can only be exercised if the shareholder is entered in the share
register of Swisscom Ltd with voting rights. The Board of Directors may refuse to enter a shareholder with voting
rights if such voting rights exceed 5% of the company’s share capital.

Share performance 2017 in CHF

550

500

450

Sr
400
350
8 8 g 3 8 Ss 5 s g S a S
mSwisscom mI SMI (indexed) Stoxx Europe 600 Telcos (in CHF, indexed)

The Swiss Market Index (SMI) rose by 14.1% compared with the previous year. The Swisscom share price increased
by 13.7% to CHF 518.50, outperforming the Stoxx Europe 600 Telecommunications Index (+5.1% in CHF; —3.63% in
EUR). Average daily trading volume grew by 16.9% year-on-year to 156,147 shares. The total trading volume of
Swisscom shares in 2017 amounted to CHF 18 billion.

Shareholder return

On 7 April 2017, Swisscom paid out an ordinary dividend of CHF 22 per share. Based on the closing price at the end
of 2016, this equates to a return of 4.9%. Taking into account the gain in share price, the total shareholder return
(TSR) of the Swisscom share was 19.4% in 2017. The TSR for the SMI was 17.9% and for the Stoxx Europe 600
Telecommunications Index 9.8% in CHF and 0.7% in EUR.

Stock exchanges
Swisscom shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the symbol SCMN (Securities No. 874251). In the

United States (Over The Counter, Level 1), they are traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) at
a ratio of 1:10 under the symbol SCMWY (Pink Sheet No. 69769).

51

Management Commentary

Capital market


--- Page 37 ---

52

Management Commentary

Capital market

Ownership structure

31.12.2017 31.12.2016

Number of Number of Share Number of Number of Share

Shareholders Shares in% Shareholders Shares in%

Confederation 1 26,394,000 51.0% 1 26,394,000 51.0%
Natural persons 69,837 5,042,232 9.7% 74,224 5,497,806 10.6%
Institutions 2,938 20,365,711 39.3% 3,205 19,910,137 38.4%
Total 72,776 51,801,943 100.0% 77,430 51,801,943 100.0%

The majority shareholder as at 31 December 2017 was the Swiss Confederation, which is obligated by current law
to hold the majority of the capital and voting rights. As at 31 December 2017, some 20% of the shares were held
in unregistered shareholdings.

Analysts’ recommendations

Investment specialists analyse Swisscom’s business performance, results and market situation on an ongoing
basis. Their findings and recommendations offer valuable indicators for investors. 23 analysts regularly publish
studies on Swisscom. At the end of 2017, 17% of the analysts recommended a buy rating for the Swisscom share,
48% a hold rating and 35% a sell rating. The average price target at 31 December 2017, according to the analysts’
estimates, was CHF 480 per share.

Dividend policy

Swisscom pursues a stable dividend policy that is focused on cash flow generation and capital allocation. At the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2018, the Board of Directors will propose an unchanged ordinary
dividend of CHF 22 per share for the 2017 financial year. This is equivalent to a total dividend payout of
CHF 1,140 million.

Since going public in 1998, Swisscom has distributed a total of CHF 30.7 billion to its shareholders: CHF 18.7 billion
in dividend payments, CHF 1.6 billion in capital reductions and CHF 10.4 billion in share buybacks. Swisscom has
paid out a total of CHF 367 per share since the initial public offering. Together with the overall increase in share
price of CHF 178 per share, this amounts to an average annual total return of 5.4%.

Indebtedness

Level of indebtedness

Swisscom aims to have a net debt of around 1.9 times EBITDA (operating income before depreciation and amorti-
sation). Net debt consists of total financial liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, current financial assets as well
as non-current fixed interest-bearing certificates of deposit and derivative financial instruments on financing.

As at 31 December 2017, net debt amounted to CHF 7.4 billion (prior year: CHF 7.8 billion), corresponding to a net
debt/EBITDA ratio of 1.7 (prior year: 1.8).

Credit ratings and financing

With a rating of A (stable) and A2 (stable) respectively, Swisscom enjoys good ratings from the Standard & Poor’s
and Moody's rating agencies. To avoid structural downgrading, Swisscom endeavours to raise financing at the
level of Swisscom Ltd. Swisscom aims to have a broadly diversified debt portfolio. This involves paying particular
attention to balancing maturities and a diversification of financing instruments, markets and currencies.
Swisscom’s solid financial standing enabled it unrestricted access to money and capital markets again in 2017.


--- Page 38 ---

See report
page 20

Risks

Swisscom’s risk management system is aimed at safeguarding the company’s
enterprise value.

Risk situation

Risks are driven by changes in markets, competition, customer behaviour, technology, the regulatory environment
and government policy. The importance of established telecoms services is continuing to decline. New services in
the areas of digitisation and IT services, such as cloud services, security products and the communication between
machines, should compensate for the loss of revenue from the traditional core business. Over the long term, the
trend in the ICT market will necessitate fundamental changes in the approach to risks related to the business
model, technology and human capital. Forthcoming regulatory decisions pose a latent risk which could impact
Swisscom’s financial development, as illustrated by the following selected key risk factors. The main risk factors in
the supply chain are reported separately in the Sustainability Report.

Risk factors

Telecommunications market

Increasing competition driven by national infrastructure providers and service providers who do not have their
own telecoms infrastructure is exerting transformation pressure on the business. During this transformation, the
complexity resulting from the parallel operation of old and new technologies has to be reduced to enable new,
attractive services. Here there is a risk that the revenue from the classic telecoms business will not be secured
sustainably during the transformation process, while at the same time technical complexity remains undimin-
ished. Moreover, a trend can currently be observed towards national and international cooperation among tele-
communications providers, the purpose of which is to provide low-cost services internationally and exploit major
synergies and economies of scale. There is a risk that Swisscom will not be able to align its cost structures with its
current and future competitors, which would narrow the scope for investment, innovation and price reductions.
If such risks materialise, this could delay implementation of the strategy or have a detrimental effect on customer
satisfaction. Swisscom has initiated measures in various areas to manage these risks.

Politics and regulation

The manner in which regulations are implemented (e.g. in telecommunications and antitrust legislation) entails
risks for Swisscom, which could have an adverse impact on the company’s financial position and results of opera-
tions. The main risks concern the possibility of price regulation being extended to mobile communications (mobile
termination and roaming services) and broadband (optical fibre), which would further reduce Swisscom’s income
and restrict the company’s room for manoeuvre, as well as sanctions by the Competition Commission, which
could reduce Swisscom’s operating results and cause reputational damage to the company. The forthcoming revi-
sion of the Telecommunications Act heightens regulatory risk. Finally, excessively high political demands (e.g. those
imposed on universal service provision) threaten to fundamentally undermine the current competitive system.

Increased bandwidth in the access network

Customer demand for broadband access is growing rapidly, as is the popularity of mobile devices and IP-based
services (smartphones, IP TV, OTTs, etc.). Swisscom faces tough competition from cable companies and other
network operators as it strives to meet current and future customer needs and defend its own market share. The
network expansion that necessitates calls for major investments. To mitigate financial risks and ensure optimum
network coverage, expansion is determined by population density and customer demand. Substantial risks would
arise if Swisscom were forced to spend more on network expansion than planned, or if projected long-term earnings
were to fall. Swisscom minimises the risks by adapting the broadband expansion of the access network to changing
conditions as well as technical opportunities on an ongoing basis.

53

Management Commentary

Risks


--- Page 39 ---

54

Management Commentary

Risks

Employees

Constant changes in background conditions and markets mean that corporate culture needs to adapt. The key
challenges in this context lie in maintaining employee motivation and high staff loyalty despite cost pressure, as
well as managing growth and efficiency, increasing employees’ ability to adapt and renew their skills and ensuring
that Swisscom remains an attractive employer.

Competitive dynamics, regulation and recoverability of Fastweb’s assets

The competitive dynamics carry risks which could have a detrimental impact on Fastweb’s strategy and jeopardise
projected revenue growth. The impairment test performed in 2017 confirmed the recoverable value of Fastweb’s
assets. The recoverability of Fastweb’s net assets recognised in the consolidated financial statements is contin-
gent above all on achieving the financial targets set out in the business plan (revenue growth, improvement in
EBITDA margin and reduction in capital expenditure ratio). If future growth is lower than projected, there is a risk
that this will result in a further impairment loss. Major uncertainty also surrounds the future interest rate trend
and the country risk premium. An increase in interest rates or the country risk premium could lead to an impair-
ment loss. Fastweb’s business operations are also influenced by the European and Italian telecommunications
legislation. Regulatory risks can jeopardise the achievement of targets and reduce the enterprise value.

Business interruption

Usage of Swisscom’s services is heavily dependent on technical infrastructure such as communications networks
and IT platforms. Any major disruption to business operations poses a high financial risk as well as a substantial
reputational risk. Force majeure, natural disasters, human error, hardware or software failure, criminal acts by
third parties (e.g. computer viruses, hacking) and the ever-growing complexity and interdependence of modern
technologies can cause damage or interruption to operations. Built-in redundancy, contingency plans, deputising
arrangements, alternative locations, careful selection of suppliers and other measures are designed to ensure that
Swisscom can deliver the level of service that customers expect at all times.

Information and security technologies

Swisscom is in the midst of a transformation from line-switched TDM technology to IP technology. This trans-
formation should enable Swisscom to produce more flexibly and efficiently than before. The experience acquired
with IP technology to date has been positive. Swisscom’s complex IT architecture entails risks during both the
implementation and operating phases. These risks have the potential to delay the rollout of new services, increase
costs and impact competitiveness. The transformation is being monitored by the Group Executive Board.

The area of Internet security has developed and changed with immense speed with respect to technology,
economics and society and their interdependencies. New innovations and capabilities go hand in hand with new
opportunities as well as new risks.

The wider the variety of opportunities for attack, the more difficult prevention becomes. This means it is even
more important for potential threats to be recognised at an early stage, systematically understood and quickly
averted.

Health and the environment

Electromagnetic radiation (e.g. from mobile antennas or mobile handsets) has repeatedly been claimed to be
potentially harmful to the environment and health. Under the terms of the Ordinance on Non-lonising Radiation
(ONIR), Switzerland has adopted the precautionary principle and introduced limits for base stations which are ten
times stricter than the EU’s limits. The public’s wary attitude to mobile antenna sites in particular is impeding
Swisscom’s network expansion. Even without stricter legislation, public concerns about the effects of electromag-
netic radiation on the environment and health could further hamper the construction of wireless networks in the
future and drive up costs.

Climate change poses risks for Swisscom. These risks are driven by legal and regulatory changes, changes to physical
climatic parameters (increased levels of precipitation, higher average temperatures and temperature extremes, and
the loss of permafrost) and other economic and reputational factors. The resulting developments could impact the
operability of Swisscom’s telecoms infrastructure, particularly in view of the potential risk to base stations, transmit-

er stations and local exchanges. The analysis of the risks posed by climate change is based on the official report o
© terstati d local exchanges. The analysis of the risks posed by climate change is based on the official report of
www.dp.net the Federal Office for the Environment (FOEN) on climate change, published in October 2011.
