

--- Page 1 ---

Our Company

Our Vision

For ams, “Sensing is Life”. Our passion is in creating
sensor solutions that make devices and technology
smarter, safer, more environmentally friendly and
easier to use. We are shaping the world with sensor

Our Company and Strategy

ams’ sensor solutions and sensor ICs are at the
heart of the products and technologies that define
our world today - from smartphones and mobile
devices to smart homes and buildings, industrial
automation, medical technology and driver-assist-
ing vehicles. Leading manufacturers around the
globe rely on our sensing expertise for advanced
system designs. Our solutions excel in applications
requiring extreme precision, dynamic range, high
sensitivity, and low power consumption in small
form factors.

Our bold corporate strategy is fully focused on
making ams the global leader in sensor solutions in
four fast growing areas: Optical, Imaging, Environ-
mental and Audio sensing. These areas represent
the four pillars of ams, and we are taking decisive
and strategic steps to build true leadership in these
high-value markets.

We actively manage a highly advanced technology
and product portfolio around these four sensing
areas driving market differentiation as the key fac-
tor for sustained leadership. Executing our strategy
makes ams a highly respected leader in the global
semiconductor industry - which benefits our cus-
tomers, shareholders, suppliers, and employees.

solutions, leading the way in forging continuous
connections between people and technology, and
envisioning a seamless experience between the
two.

In each of our four focus areas we offer our cus-
tomers industry-leading performance and innova-
tion through complete sensor solutions, so OEMs
can rely on one trusted vendor for their technology
needs.

We are driving integration of sensor technologies
into monolithically integrated or multi-sensor
solutions. These solutions may include sensing and
related hardware, state-of-the-art sensing algo-
rithms, sensor fusion software and application soft-
ware. By offering solutions tailored to customers’
unique and evolving needs, we help the industry
move forward while creating strategic and market
advantages for our customers. We empower OEMs
to deliver differentiated products and devices that
change and improve lives, and enable exciting new
end-user experiences.

To accelerate our growth path towards global
leadership in optical, imaging, environmental and
audio sensing, we use technology acquisitions

as a strategic tool complementing our continued
strong internal R&D investment. After our transfor-
mational 2016 acquisition of Heptagon, the global
leader in micro-optics and high-performance
optical packaging, we completed the acquisition


--- Page 2 ---

of Princeton Optronics, a leader in high power
Vertical Cavity Surface-Emitting Lasers (VCSELs),
last year. Adding Princeton's outstanding and high-
ly differentiated VCSEL technology for illumination
enables broad coverage of the optical value chain
and expands our optical solutions offering, parti-
cularly for 3D sensing. Beyond consumer devices,
the VCSEL technology offers strong competitive
advantages in emerging applications in autono-
mous driving and industrial sensing.

Our Talent

We are one ams - about 11,000 individuals around
the globe driving our company’s success in the
marketplace and looking for what is next.

Our workforce is the greatest asset for the company
and the most important factor in our success. We
are able to attract and retain the best and brightest
talent in the industry, embracing a wide range of
highly innovative, creative, and unconventional
thinkers.

ams grew very strongly over the course of last year
adding more than 8,000 employees predominantly
through the expansion of ams’ Singapore manufac-
turing operations. Besides the significant increase
in production staff we welcomed a range of highly
qualified industry and functional professionals
strengthening and deepening ams’ skill base across

In early 2018, we significantly expanded our 3D
software and solutions competence via the acqui-
sition of KeyLemon, a leader in 3D face recognition
software. We will leverage KeyLemon’s robust and
secure 3D face recognition IP to offer OEMs a faster
time-to-market for high quality 3D face recognition
in smartphones and other exciting applications.

all business areas. The success of our focused
strategy offers excellent opportunities for personal
growth which is recognized inside and outside of
ams.

Our culture is built around the core values of our
company and designed for pushing boundaries.
We empower our workforce while holding them
accountable. Demanding integrity in everything
we do, we want our staff to be loyal, trustworthy,
authentic and true role models.

One ams also means that diversity is valued across
our company and our locations on three conti-
nents. At the same time, we recognize that every
staff member's effort and commitment contribute
to our ongoing success in a highly competitive
environment.


--- Page 3 ---

Our Company

Manufacturing

ams implements a flexible manufacturing concept
which combines internal production capacity

and external manufacturing partnerships for its
products and technologies. This strategy is built
around driving high differentiation also on the
manufacturing side thus creating an additional
sustainable competitive advantage. ams’ consistent
approach to manufacturing calls for use of external
production partners wherever there is no compel-
ling differentiation within the production process,
including high value IP, which would warrant in-
house manufacturing.

ams runs production sites in Austria, mainly for
front-end wafer production, in the Philippines for
testing and related production steps, and in Singa-
pore for optical manufacturing and packaging. The
addition of Singapore as a manufacturing location
followed the acquisition of Heptagon in 2016
which was based in Singapore.

Last year ams successfully completed a unpre-
cedented expansion of its internal production
capacity in Austria and Singapore resulting in a
record level of capital expenditures for the com-

Corporate Responsibility

ams conducts its business guided by high stand-
ards regarding ethical professional practices and
environmental responsibility. All our business
functions worldwide adhere to our company code
of conduct as the basis for their activities. The code
of conduct consists of a public set of principles and

pany. These investments were required to support
the substantial new product ramps in the second
half of the year. The expansion added a very large
manufacturing site in the Ang Mo Kio district

of Singapore in the first half of 2017 offering
30,000 m? of cleanroom space for high volume
optical system and component manufacturing
and packaging. In the second half of the year, ams
opened a third newly-built manufacturing location
in the Tampines district of Singapore where large
scale production of optical filters has started in the
meantime. At the same location, ams is currently
commissioning a high volume manufacturing line
for advanced VCSEL lasers for optical and 3D sens-
ing with mass production planned in 2019.

ams will continue to pursue an aggressive dual
manufacturing strategy leveraging a combination
of external and internal supply chains across all
areas of production including front-end wafer man-
ufacturing, filter production, optical packaging,
and VCSEL manufacturing. To this end ams expects
to see further significant capacity investments over
the course of this year to support customer needs
for 2018 and beyond.

procedures binding all ams employees which safe-
guards responsible, accountable, and consistent
corporate activity. We actively monitor the code

of conduct implementation and provide secure
feedback channels across global operations.


--- Page 4 ---

We have been a member of the United Nations
Global Compact, the world’s largest corporate
strategic policy initiative for sustainability and re-
sponsible business, since 2009. The United Nations
Global Compact has more than 9,500 members in
160 countries that are committed to aligning their
operations and strategies with universally accepted
principles in the areas of human rights, labor stand-
ards, environment and anti-corruption.

From our leadership position in the industry we
continue to drive our commitment of protecting
the environment and the sustainability of resources
while being successful as a business. We strive to
reduce our carbon emissions footprint globally

and pursue the company-wide deployment of

advanced technologies designed to lower the con-
sumption of electricity and natural gas. To support
this approach, ams’ internal production sites in
Austria and the Philippines are certified according
to the Environmental Management System DIN EN
ISO 14001.

We publish information on our emissions foot-
print on a yearly basis within the framework of the
Carbon Disclosure Project and have built a track

record of quality disclosure over a number of years.

Initiated and driven by some of the world’s largest
institutional investors, the Carbon Disclosure
Project is the leading international initiative for
corporate disclosure of environmental information.


--- Page 5 ---

Our Business

ams is a worldwide leader in sensor solutions offering high-performance sensing technologies with a clear
strategic focus on our four core competency areas: optical, imaging, environmental and audio sensing. As

a key supplier to many of the world’s leading companies, we power innovative sensing applications in the
consumer, communications, automotive, industrial, and medical end markets.

Optical sensing

ams is the pre-eminent global player in optical
sensing, holding a leadership position across key
optical sensing applications. As our most relevant
area of focus, optical sensing provides the major
share of our total business and is the key growth
driver for ams.

Within optical sensing, 3D sensing is emerging

as the most important new growth market and

we anticipate it remain so for years to come. Face
recognition and authentication, object recogni-
tion, augmented reality and autonomous driving
are among the prime uses of 3D sensing today.
The ability to acquire 3D depth information offers
a wealth of new sensing data compared with
today’s technical limits, driving profound change
in the world of sensing through three-dimensional
interpretation of captured objects or scenes. We
expect the technology to create new large-scale
measurement and sensing applications in all end
markets over time, from consumer and automotive
to industrial and medical.

With our outstanding portfolio of differentiated
optical technologies and extensive system
know-how, ams is quickly building a leadership
position in the highly complex area of 3D sensing.
Our unmatched coverage of the optical sensing
value chain encompasses optical systems built

around industry-leading micro-optical packaging,
wafer-level optics (WLO) and diffractive optical
elements (DOE), high performance optical sen-
sors, and illumination sources through our stra-
tegic acquisition of Princeton Optronics in 2017.
Princeton Optronics is a best-in-class provider of
high power Vertical Cavity Surface Emitting Lasers
(VCSEL) which are increasingly differentiating core
elements of 3D sensing solutions that determine
the performance of the total system. The Princeton
Optronics proprietary technology offers unique
capabilities to create compact high-power illumi-
nation systems that will help drive innovation in
consumer and non-consumer 3D sensing together
with our VCSEL driver circuits. ams is therefore able
to pursue a broad multi-generation roadmap for
3D sensing and tailor solutions that meet evolving
customer needs.

Our 3D sensing strategy also recognizes the
importance of combining hardware and software
to offer a differentiated full solution capability as
reflected by our recent acquisition of KeyLemon,

a leading developer of biometric software for face
recognition. We view secure face recognition as a
key application in the consumer, automotive and
industrial end markets. This important step enables
us to create complete face recognition solutions for
a wide range of customers and end uses.


--- Page 6 ---

One GM

customers



--- Page 7 ---

20

ams helped introduce the first high-volume appli-
cation of 3D sensing technology, supplying a global
smartphone platform which ramped last year in
the consumer market. At the same time, significant
applications in the automotive market already are
emerging. Earlier this year, we achieved our first
very large design-win for a 3D LIDAR system for
autonomous driving demonstrating this industry
trend. We anticipate high-volume uses of 3D sens-
ing technology driving a multi-stage adoption cycle
in consumer and non-consumer end markets over
the coming years. Given our technology portfolio
and system expertise in 3D sensing we expect to
play a leading role in the growth of this exciting
market.

ams also holds a leading position in advanced light
sensing for display management and small scale
proximity sensing in consumer and mobile devices.
Our innovative high-value TrueColor ambient light
sensors create a more engaging, richer display ex-
perience and offer better color management while
market adoption continues to expand. At the same
time, our other existing light sensor lines already
support tens of millions of consumer devices for
improved display management.

Imaging

ams is a leader in high-performance image sensing
for medical and industrial markets, built around our
market-leading portfolio in medical imaging and
global shutter image sensor technology. In medical
imaging for computer tomography, digital X-ray,
and mammography we provide advanced sensor

In the highly innovative field of spectral sensing,
ams is helping define next-generation technol-
ogies in optical sensing. Sophisticated spectral
analysis - based on proprietary technology -
creates a technology platform to develop strongly
differentiated new sensor applications including
highly accurate matching of colors in consumer
online shopping and, in the near future, food
identification for mobile devices. Driven by our
advances in spectral sensing, biosensing is another
growth area benefitting from the trend to moni-
tor personal health and bring diagnostics closer

to the home. For example, we now can measure
blood pressure as an important health indicator at
a level of accuracy comparable to a doctor's office.
Together with heart rate, vein elasticity, vagal tone,
and pulse transit time measurement, ams’ optical
sensing enables a snapshot of personal health and
a timeline of data for preventive care that was not
available before. We expect this technology to be
embedded unobtrusively in daily life applications
such as smart toilets and car steering wheels in the
coming years.

solutions offering the highest diagnostic resolution
and efficiency while minimizing patient radiation
exposure. In 2017, we expanded our medical
imaging customer base and recently won a first
program at another large medical imaging OEM.
Our innovative miniaturized NanEye image sensors


--- Page 8 ---

power high-quality image acquisition for dispos-
able medical endoscopy, enabling a new level of
diagnostics.

We also lead the market through innovation with
our industrial image sensing solutions focused

on high-performance global shutter technology.
We support a range of growth applications in
high-quality machine vision, inspection, traffic
control and high-end imaging including the trend
towards always-on vision. Our latest developments
around curved sensors offer significantly improved
performance in advanced industrial image sensing

Audio and environmental sensing

As the market leader in MEMS microphone inter-
faces, ams focuses on high-quality audio sensing
for mobile devices. The success of home assistants
is driving growth for ams as their speech control
applications require a high number of microphones
per device. Our active noise cancellation (ANC)
solutions deliver excellent sound quality regardless
of ambient noise levels for audio accessories such
as earphones, headsets and headphones. Powering
wired and wireless designs with the smallest form
factors, we hold the leading position in this quickly
growing market.

ams is a technology leader in environmental
sensing where we address pressure, temperature,
relative humidity, and a range of gas sensing
modalities with best-in-class solutions. Our latest

where we recently won an important industry
award.

In addition to creating a new generation of
high-resolution IR image sensors to expand our
3D sensing portfolio, ams also is driving a strategic
convergence opportunity for combined image and
spectral sensing. Based on our exclusive ability to
cover both sensing technologies we are develop-
ing highly innovative sensing solutions for mobile
applications that enable high-quality image cap-
ture and spectral analysis in one ams device.

pressure sensors detect vertical position at an
extremely high resolution of one inch or better,
opening new applications such as indoor or drone
navigation. We are also engaged in the develop-
ment of miniature particle sensors to identify levels
of harmful microscopic airborne particles.

By leveraging our portfolio, we are pursuing a
second strategic convergence play that combines
audio and environmental sensing in smallest size
multi-sensor solutions. Consumer OEMs are keen
to reduce design complexity and, in particular, case
openings while adding sensing functionalities to
their devices. ams is uniquely positioned to address
those needs with differentiated solutions such as
combined microphone audio and pressure sensing.

21


--- Page 9 ---

22

Other business lines

Beyond our sensing focus areas, we remain active
in select existing sensing product lines adding dis-
tinct opportunistic business based on available IP.
These lines include a leading position in contact-
less position sensing for industrial and automotive
markets, highly accurate industrial flow meter
solutions, and ultra-low power wireless sensing
which integrates our sensing and wireless IP into
industrial loT solutions. Our successful position

sensor lines enable high-performance industrial
measurement and sensing as well as a broad range
of automotive sensing, from powertrain data
acquisition to chassis control and in-cabin appli-
cations. Using our power management know-how
for a large-scale customer opportunity we will also
supply an advanced power management com-
ponent into a high-volume consumer charging
application.


--- Page 10 ---

Our Global Network

Europe

Austria
Headquarters

Belgium
Finland
France

Germany
4 locations

Italy
3 locations

Netherlands
Portugal

Switzerland
3 locations

Spain

United Kingdom

3 locations

Asia

China
4 locations

India

Japan

Korea

Philippines

Singapore
4 locations

Taiwan

North America

USA
5 locations

23


--- Page 11 ---

24

Investor Relations and Corporate Governance


--- Page 12 ---

soccer fields
of clean room space



--- Page 13 ---

26

Investor Relations

The ams share continues to offer attractive poten-
tial for value appreciation as ams’ successful sensor
solutions strategy drives growth potential for the
company.

The ams share recorded an outstanding perfor-
mance in 2017 with strong share price appreciation
starting in the first quarter and continuing through
the first half and into the second half. Following the
third quarter results this positive trend accelerated
further leading to new all-time high share price
levels in the fourth quarter. As one of the best
performing shares across European equity markets
in 2017, the ams share ended the year around
204% higher compared to the beginning of the
year, more than tripling its value over a 12 month
period. This share price performance clearly reflec-
ted the growing visibility regarding ams’ mid-term
growth, including an increase in published growth
expectation, and the strength of ams’ strategic
model.

ams sees investor interest in the Asia/Pacific region
growing quickly while its business presence and
growth potential in the region continues to increa-
se. In order to better address the extensive additi-
onal investor base in Asia/Pacific, ams is preparing
for a secondary listing at the Hong Kong stock
exchange (HKEx) within the coming 9-12 months.

ams currently follows a dividend policy stipulating
a dividend increase in case of a positive develop-
ment of ams’ business while any dividend shall at
least equal the dividend amount of the previous
year. This approach combines the potential for
dividend growth with higher stability of dividends.
Based on this, the Management Board will propose
a dividend of EUR 0.33 for the fiscal year 2017

reflecting the positive development of ams’ busi-
ness (EUR 0.30 for fiscal year 2016).

ams also operates a share buyback scheme under
which the company bought back around 2.7
million shares last year, equivalent to around 3.2%
of total issued shares at year end 2017. ams plans
to use a major portion of these shares as partial
consideration for the earn-out provision from the
acquisition of Heptagon while treasury shares
may also be used to cover employee long-term
incentive plans.

At the Annual General Meeting in June 2017, all
agenda items subject to a vote were approved with
an overwhelming majority.

ams broadened its investor relations activities
again in 2017, based on its quarterly reports and
regular presentations to research analysts, press,
and institutional investors. ams conducted extensi-
ve road show activities and attended international
investor conferences across Europe, North America
and Asia. Given strongly increasing interest from
U.S. and Asian investors these regions were a focus
of activities in 2017 which helped improve the visi-
bility of the ams share on a global scale. As part of
these efforts, ams held an analyst and investor day
for the first time last year. The very successful event
in Singapore was attended by a large number of
analysts and investors from Asia/Pacific, Europe
and the U.S. and received excellent feedback.

Financial reports, press releases, presentations,
and additional information on the ams share are
available in the “Investor” section of the company
website www.ams.com.


--- Page 14 ---

120

100

80

60

40

28.5

20

ams share price development in CHF

== ams
mm SPI (rebased)
STOXX Europe 600 (rebased)

88.45

January 3, 2017

Share details

ISIN

Securities code
Ticker symbol
Reuters / Bloomberg

ATOOOOA18XM4
24924656

AMS (SIX Swiss Exchange)
AMS.S / AMS SW

December 29, 2017

27


--- Page 15 ---

28

Executive Bodies

Management Board

Alexander Everke (CEO)

Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch (CFO)

Dr. Thomas Stockmeier (COO)

Mark Hamersma (CBO, since January 1, 2018)

Supervisory Board
Guido Klestil (Honorary Chairman)

Hans Jérg Kaltenbrunner (Chairman)

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr (Deputy Chairman)

Michael Grimm

Klaus Iffland

Jacob Jacobsson

Loh Kin-Wah

Johann Eitner (employee representative)

Andreas Pein (employee representative)

Vida Uhde-Djefroudi (employee representative, until February 7, 2017)
Ginter Kneffel (employee representative, from February 7, 2017 until October 13, 2017)
Bianca Stotz (employee representative, since October 13, 2017)


--- Page 16 ---



--- Page 17 ---

million working hours
2017



--- Page 18 ---

42

Group Management Report 2017

1. Overview of the Economic Environment
and the Past Financial Year

The global semiconductor sector showed a positive
development in 2017 and benefitted from a benign
macroeconomic environment in key regions.

Total sales of the global semiconductor industry
grew meaningfully in 2017, increasing by 21.6%

to USD 412.2 billion, while market volume had
increased by 1.1% in 2016 to USD 338.9 billion. The
relevant market segment for ams, analog semicon-
ductors, grew 10.9% to USD 53.1 billion in 2017
(previous year: USD 47.8 billion)’.

A strong focus on innovation is behind ams’ lead-
ing position in advanced sensor solutions, together
with more than 35 years of relevant experience in
analog semiconductors and sensors. ams contin-
ued to broaden its worldwide network last year
and expanded its presence in the relevant markets
in Europe, Asia/Pacific and North America while
more than 8,000 customers worldwide trust ams’
sensing solution expertise.

ams successfully implemented its clear strategy
around leadership in the fast-growing markets for
optical, imaging, environmental and audio sensing
last year. 2017 was an outstanding year of growth
for ams as the company recorded significant new
business, particularly in optical sensors, resulting
from previous strategic investments into differenti-
ating technologies.

ams’ business segment “Consumer” comprises the
products and sensor solutions for the market Con-
sumer & Communications. This business segment,
which is a major supplier of advanced sensor and
analog solutions for smartphones and consumer
devices was the key driver of last year’s growth,
more specifically new optical sensing solutions in

1) Source: WSTS, February 2018

3D sensing and advanced light sensing for display
management. ams’ optical sensing product lines
therefore had the largest share of group revenues
again in 2017.

Both solutions mentioned above started to ramp
in very high volumes into a newly launched global
smartphone platform in the second half of the
year and achieved significant shipment rates in the
fourth quarter. To help enable innovative features
for this platform ams successfully implemented a
highly complex ramp-up involving mass produc-
tion of multiple new optical sensing technologies.
ams is quickly building a leadership position in the
very attractive new growth market of 3D sensing
based on the company’s highly differentiated opti-
cal technologies and extensive system know-how
across different 3D technologies.

As a further strategic step to expand its optical
sensor solutions offering, ams acquired Princeton
Optronics, Inc., a leading provider of Vertical Cavity
Surface-Emitting Lasers (VCSELs), in the first half
of last year. Princeton Optronics develops and
supplies high performance VCSELs offering specific
differentiation in mobile, consumer, automotive,
and industrial applications. Princeton Optronics’
technology enables benchmark power efficiency,
accurate control of beam divergence and high
power output for high beam count laser arrays in
industry-leading form factors. VCSELs are becom-
ing a core component of 3D sensing systems with
very significant market growth expected for the
coming years. Adding the illumination source
therefore enables ams to offer a complete value
chain in optical sensing and opens up strong new
growth opportunities going forward.


--- Page 19 ---

ams offers a broad and aggressive multi-gener-
ation 3D sensing roadmap to OEMs and is able
to create solutions including best-in-class VCSEL
lasers, integrated optical systems built around
wafer-level optics (WLO) and diffractive optical
elements (DOE), and high performance optical
sensors, tailored to customer needs. Leveraging
this industry-leading 3D portfolio ams started to
see very good market traction for its 3D sensing
products and solutions last year.

In other optical sensing, ams strengthened its
worldwide market leader position in light sen-

sors supplying a broad range of smartphone and
consumer OEMs with mobile device color, ambient
light and proximity sensing. At the same time, ams
continued the development of its spectral sensing
technologies which enable advanced consumer
color matching, future food identification and new
personal health applications and are seeing grow-
ing market interest.

In audio sensing, ams’ MEMS microphone inter-
faces recorded strong growth last year helped by
the success of consumer devices such as home
assistants, underscoring ams’ market leadership.
ams is also the leading provider of active noise
cancellation (ANC) for the growing market of
consumer device accessories where the company
expanded its business last year amid increasing
adoption of ANC. Driving sensor convergence
based on its strong IP position, ams plans to com-
bine microphone audio and environmental sensing
such as pressure sensing into new small form factor
consumer solutions.

ams's business segment “Non-Consumer’, which
comprises of products and sensor solutions
targeting the end markets industrial, medical and
automotive, showed very solid growth in 2017.
ams' solution focus and strong technology base

continued to drive market success in ams’ diver-
sified non-consumer end markets as ams helps
realize new applications for an expanding global
customer base.

ams’ industrial business performed very well last
year, providing a wide range of sensing solutions
for industrial and factory automation, building
control and other industrial sensing. In industrial
imaging and machine vision, ams recorded good
growth driven by continued innovation enabling
broader deployment of imaging technology, small-
er form factors and higher optical performance. As
a leading player in industrial end markets ams grew
its portfolio of differentiated sensing technologies
and solutions which enable next generation sys-
tems at major OEMs.

ams’ medical business recorded another year of
growth in 2017 based on the company’s market
leadership in Medical Imaging for computed
tomography (CT), digital X-ray, and mammography.
ams ramped a new Asian OEM last year broaden-
ing its market reach in high resolution medical
imaging and has recently gained a first design-win
at another leading medical imaging OEM. Smallest
scale endoscopy imaging systems are seeing good
growth in new applications, leveraging ams’ image
sensing innovation and optical manufacturing
expertise.

Robust growth in ams’ automotive business con-
tinued in 2017 given attractive demand for ams’
high performance sensing solutions. Focused on
applications in safety, driver assistance, autono-
mous driving, position, and chassis control, ams’
portfolio is fully aligned with the accelerating
structural growth of automotive sensing. ams sees
3D sensing as a highly relevant technology for
new large scale automotive applications such as
autonomous driving and driver recognition with

43


--- Page 20 ---

strong longer-term growth potential for ams. ams
has therefore started to engage with automotive
industry participants on 3D sensing as market
interest continues to increase.

ams’ business segment Foundry which manufac-
tures analog and mixed-signal ICs for customers in
specialty processes recorded an attractive perfor-
mance in 2017 and contributed to the company’s
results. Positioned as a full service provider offering
a broad spectrum of services from design sup-
port to final test, ams’ business retained a leading
position in the analog specialty process foundry
market.

In its operations, ams successfully completed
an unprecedented expansion of manufacturing

capacity at its locations in Singapore last year. Two
new large-scale production facilities for consumer
optical sensing solutions were commissioned,
equipped, staffed and brought up to high volume
production which including hiring around 8,000
employees in Singapore over the course of last
year. ams’ in-house front-end manufacturing capac-
ity in Austria was again fully utilized in 2017.

Based on strong market traction and increas-

ing revenue opportunities, ams also decided to
accelerate the addition of new internal production
capacity for VCSEL laser products last year. ams
has started to implement this production capacity
investment in Singapore towards the end of the
year with mass production planned in 2019.


--- Page 21 ---

2. Business Results

2.1 Development of Revenues

Consolidated group revenues for the financial
year 2017 increased by 93% to EUR 1,063.8 million
compared to EUR 549.9 million in 2016. This
development was primarily due to the exceptional
growth in demand in the target market Consumer
& Communications (C&C) (161%) in conjunction
with solid overall demand for ams’ solutions in the
Automotive, Industry and Medical markets (AIM).
The revenue increase in the company’s Consumer

from the entry in the new market of 3D sensing
and high-quality light sensors, as well as the
business development of important smartphone
manufactures, who use ams-solutions. At the same
time, ams‘ Automotive, Industry and Medical busi-
nesses were able to participate attractively in the
worldwide development of demand.

The revenue distribution by markets is shown

& Communications business resulted in particular below:
in millions of EUR 2017 %of revenues 2016 %of revenues Change in %
Cac 730.2 69% 279.4 51% +161%
AIM 333.6 31% 270.4 49% +23%
1,063.8 549.9

Revenue breakdown by markets

Automotive,
Industrial,
Medical

31%

69%

Consumer &
Communications

The distribution of revenues by region does not
reflect the demand situation in ams’ target markets
but the geographic billing location of the compa-
ny’s customers. Business in the Americas region
showed a significant increase in 2017 compared to
the previous year, particularly due to higher reve-
nues from a major customer in that region.

The expansion of the company’s sales and distri-
bution network continued last year enabling the
addition of new customers and a higher market
presence in all regions. Against this backdrop, ams
expects all regions to continue to contribute to the
overall growth of the company.

45


--- Page 22 ---

46

The revenue breakdown by region (based on billing location) is shown below:

in millions of EUR 2017 %of revenues 2016 %of revenues Change in %

EMEA 352.7 33% 203.0 37% +74%

Americas 212.3 20% 29.5 5% +620%

Asia / Pacific 498.8 47% 317.5 58% +57%
1,063.8 549.9

Revenue breakdown by region

Europe, Middle East,

Africa

47%
Asia / Pacific

20%

Americas

2.2 Orders Received and Order Backlog

Given a remarkable positive business development
across all key markets, orders received increased
significantly over the course of the year growing
from EUR 569.9 million in the previous year 2016 to
EUR 1,588.9 million in 2017.

Revenues and orders developed as follows:

ams’ year-end order backlog increased by 298%
to a positive level of EUR 541.9 million on Decem-
ber 31, 2017 (EUR 136.1 million at year-end 2016)
creating an excellent starting point for 2018.

in millions of EUR 2017 2016 Change in %
Revenues 1,063.8 549.9 +93%
Orders received 1,588.9 569.9 +179%
Total order backlog 541,9 136.1 +298%



--- Page 23 ---

2.3 Earnings

Gross profit increased to EUR 409.8 million in 2017
compared to EUR 288.1 million in the previous year.

The company’s full year gross margin excluding
acquisition-related amortization decreased to 43%
(2016: 55%), gross margin including acquisition-
related amortization also decreased to 39% com-
pared to 52% in the previous year. The major ramp-
up of the new production capacities in Singapore
in the first half of 2017 led to some unutilized pro-
duction capacities, which had a slightly negative
effect here given lower revenue-related economics
of scale. Selling prices for the company’s products
showed a stable overall level during the year.

Research and development costs, as well as mar-
keting and sales expenses showed an increase in
2017 compared to the previous year. This develop-
ment resulted from significant product develop-
ment efforts and an optimization of sales activities
as personnel costs showed a further increase.

Administrative costs were also higher compared
to the year before due to an increase in personnel
costs.

Despite the revenue increase, the operating result
(EBIT) (including acquisition-related amortization
and share-based compensations costs) decreased
due to an increase in fixed costs in conjunction
with the expansion of production capacities for the
year 2017, by EUR 17.4 million to EUR 75.9 million.
In contrast to the lower EBIT, EBITDA (earnings
before interest and taxes plus depreciation and
amortization) increased by EUR 68.8 million to

EUR 224.4 million.

Net result for 2017 decreased to EUR 88.8 million
compared to EUR 102.9 million in 2016. The return
on equity reached 11% compared to 15% for 2016
while the return on revenues decreased by 11 per-
centage points to 8% (2016: 19%).

in millions of EUR 2017 2016 Change in %
Gross profit on revenues 409.8 288.1 +42%
Gross margin

(excluding acquisition-related amortization and share based

compensation) 43% 55%

Gross margin

(including acquisition-related amortization

and share based compensation) 39% 52%

EBITDA 224.4 155.6 +44%
Operating result (EBIT) 75.9 933 -19%
EBIT margin

(including acquisition-related amortization

and share based compensation) 7% 17%

Financial result -22 40 “155%
Result before tax 737 97.2 -24%
Net result 88.8 102.9 -14%
Return on equity 11% 15%

Return on revenues 8% 19%

47


--- Page 24 ---

2.4 Assets and Financial Position

The balance sheet structure shows a high ratio of
fixed to total assets which is common to the semi-
conductor industry, at the same time intangible
assets reflect the acquisitions concluded in 2017.
The share of intangibles and property, plant and
equipment in the total assets increased from 65%
in 2016 to 67% in the reporting period 2017.

The investments in fixed assets affecting cash
(capital expenditures) of EUR 581.9 million were
significantly higher than the current deprecia-

tion and amortization of EUR 148.4 million and
amounted to 55% of full year revenues (2016: 17%).
The ratio of equity to fixed assets reached 38% in
2017 compared to 70% in the previous year, thus
reflecting the investments in fixed assets, acquisi-
tions and strategic investments.

In the past financial year ams completed strategic
transactions to acquire 100% of Heptagon group,
as well as Princeton Optronics Inc.

The fixed assets include a deferred tax asset of EUR

26.1 million (previous year: EUR 35.4 million). Under
the current tax legislation, this tax asset can be car-

ried forward indefinitely but is expected to be used
to offset profit taxes within the next five years.

Inventories amounted to EUR 253.9 million at the
end of 2017 (2016: EUR 92.9 million). This increase
was particularly driven by the expansion of internal
manufacturing capacity at a high level of capacity
utilization and a comparable level of inventory
turnover.

Trade receivables at balance sheet date increased
to EUR 284.8 million due to the impact of fourth
quarter revenues (2016: EUR 97.2 million). The
average period of outstanding receivables showed
a slight increase compared to the previous year.

Financial liabilities increased by EUR 786.1 million
to EUR 1,258.2 million from EUR 472.1 million

in 2016 as a result of drawing long-term credit
lines - exploiting the historically low interest

rate levels - for acquisitions and strategic invest-
ments. For the same reason, net debt increased to
EUR 865.9 million in 2017 compared to a net debt
position of EUR 256.2 million in 2016. Group equity
increased by 24% to EUR 828.6 million due toa
capital increase in conjunction with the Heptagon
acquisition as well as the positive development of
the net result.

Regarding financial instruments we refer to the
information in the notes.

in millions of EUR 2017 2016 2017 2016
Assets Equity and liabilities

Inventories 253.9 92.9 Financial liabilities 1,258.2 472.1
Trade receivables 284.8 97.2 Trade liabilities 308.4 68.2
Other current assets 469.4 249.3 Other liabilities 781.5 158.3
Fixed assets 2,227.1 948.3 Provisions 84.6 56.8
Deferred tax asset 26.1 35.4 Shareholders’ equity 828.6 667.6
Total assets 3,261.3 1,423.0 Total equity and liabilities 3,261.3 1,423.0



--- Page 25 ---

Given the higher level of gross debt the company’s
debt-to-equity ratio increased to 152% compared

to 71% in the previous year. At the same time, the
equity ratio decreased to 25% (2016: 47%).

2017 2016
Equity ratio 25% 47%
Debt to equity ratio 152% 71%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 38% 70%

These figures are directly derived from the group financial statements.

2.5 Cash Flow

The operating cash flow decreased to EUR -3.6
million in 2017 compared to EUR 82.3 million in
the previous year. This decrease was primarily
due to the lower operating result and higher
inventory. The cash flow from investing activities
was EUR -514.8 million (2016: EUR -71.0 million)
including EUR -581.9 million of expenditures for
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment

(2016: EUR 97.7 million) and EUR 35.8 million for
company acquisitions (2016: EUR 48.3 million). Free
cash flow amounted to EUR -518.4 million (2016:
EUR 11.3 million). The company’s available liquidity
increased by EUR 108.8 million to EUR 288.4 million
at the end of 2017. The cash flow from financing
activities amounted to EUR 687.7 million in 2016
compared to EUR 58.5 million in the previous year.

in millions of EUR 2017 2016 Change in %
Operating cash flow -3.6 82.3 -104%
Cash flow from investing activities 5148 71.0 -625%
Free cash flow -518.4 113 -4,687%
Cash flow from financing activities 687.7 58.5 +1,076%
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash

equivalents -233 62 -476%
Cash and cash equivalents 288.4 179.6 +61%

49


--- Page 26 ---

50

3. Research and Development

ams’ technological leadership in the design and
manufacture of high performance sensor solutions
and analog ICs is based on more than 35 years of
intensive research and development activities. In
order to secure and strengthen its leading position,
the company makes significant investments in
research and development on a continuous basis.
Research and development expenses amounted to
EUR 214.0m last year (20% of revenues) compared
to EUR 138.6m in the year before (25% of reve-
nues). Research and development activities mainly
comprised sensor solutions, sensors and sensor in-

terfaces for the company’s core markets regarding
product development as well as the development
of specialty variants of CMOS and SiGe processes.
The average number of employees in research and
development was 1,106 in 2017 (2016: 677).

ams’ R&D activities again allowed the filing of a
large number of international patents and the
publication of numerous papers in international
specialist journals and at trade conferences last
year.

4. Purchasing and Manufacturing

In purchasing, ams was able to reduce the cost of
raw materials and assembly services slightly last
year which had a positive effect on the gross profit
margin. Given continuously rising personnel costs
the cost pressures in manufacturing nevertheless
remain high.

Due to the enormous expansions of the production
locations in Singapore free production capacity
have been raised in the first half of 2017. After the
successful ramp-up of the production facilities all
capacities of the group were utilized at the second
half of 2017. Internal production capacity of the
Austrian production location was fully utilized
throughout the year 2017. Any unabsorbed fixed
costs have been recorded in the income statement.

Gross margin excluding acquisition-related amorti-
zation decreased slightly to 43% compared to 55%
in 2016, gross margin including acquisition-related
amortization decreased as well to 39% from 52%
in the previous year. This slightly negative develop-
ment was mainly due to product mix effects and
costs regarding the production ramp-up for the
new productions facilities in Singapore.

Given the positive demand environment for its
products ams expects another year of very high
capacity utilization for 2018.


--- Page 27 ---

5. Employees

On average, ams had 7,016 employees in 2017
(2016: 2,175) of which 1,277 worked at the
company headquarters in Premstatten (2016:
1,111). The increase of 4,841 employees comprises
the addition of 429 employees in research and
development, 4,278 employees in production and
134 employees in General and Administration.

At 31.12.2017 the ams group employed 11,168
employees.

ams recognizes its responsibility as an important
employer in the region. The company again offered
a wide range of internal and external training and
development opportunities for all employees last
year and provided training positions for appren-
tices.

ams attempts to retain its employees with the
help of a long-term remuneration model. A profit

6. Environment

Acting responsibly towards the environment is a
basic principle for ams in all business operations.
ams is dedicated to meeting the highest environ-
mental standards as well as using resources and
the environment conservatively. ams has therefore
been certified to ISO 14001:2004 for a number of
years.

Sustainability as well as efforts to preserve en-
vironmental resources and reduce energy costs
and carbon dioxide emissions are major concerns
for ams which have been supported by a range

sharing program for all ams employees augments
the existing employee stock option and incentive
programs by way of an attractive direct compo-
nent. The profit sharing program expresses ams’
belief that the company’s employees are its most
important success factor and honors every employ-
ee’s contribution to ams’ success.

Owing to the earnings in 2017, the total amount
for distribution which depends on the operating
profit before taxes in relation to full year revenues
(EBT margin) decreased and totals EUR 1.6m for
2017 (2016: EUR 1.7m).

Moreover, active internal and employee communi-
cations as well as regular employee events which
form a company tradition serve to ensure the
employees’ identification with the company.

of activities for many years. Based on a thorough
analysis of ams’ carbon dioxide emission sources
in 2009, measures to achieve further reductions in
carbon dioxide emissions are being defined each
subsequent year.

ams also submits information on its carbon dioxide
emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project, a
global transparency initiative which has created
the world’s largest freely available database of
corporate carbon dioxide emissions.

51


--- Page 28 ---

52

7. Subsidiaries and Branch Facilities

ams currently has subsidiaries in Switzerland, Italy,
Germany, France, Belgium, the United Kingdom,
Spain, Portugal, Sweden, the U.S., the Cayman
Islands, the Philippines, China, Japan, Korea, Slo-
venia, India and Singapore. The subsidiaries in the
USA, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom,
Slovenia, Germany, Japan and India carry out
development, marketing and sales activities, while
the subsidiaries in France and China are active in
marketing and sales and technical support. The
subsidiary in the Philippines is responsible for
production activities in testing, while the subsidi-

8. Risk Management

Operating on a global basis, the ams group is
exposed to a variety of risks that are inextricably
linked to business activities. In order to identify,
evaluate and counteract these risks in a timely
manner, ams has developed and implemented
tight internal risk management systems. This

risk management system was implemented and
benchmarked against best practices in conjunction
with the company’s auditors. The risk management
process in place requires the business units to
constantly monitor and evaluate risks. Regular risk

Business Interruption Risk

The company’s state-of-the-art 200mm wafer
manufacturing facility went into operation in 2002.
Although 15 years old the facility is regarded as
comparatively new by semiconductor industry
standards. In addition, the continuous mainte-
nance and renewal process ensures uninterrupted
operation of the production facility. Therefore the
risk of breakdowns or prolonged downtime is rela-

ary in Korea is responsible for sales and assembly
in the region. The subsidiary in Singapore conducts
production, marketing, sales and research and de-
velopment activities. Branch facilities exist in Hong
Kong, Singapore and Taiwan.

Principal shareholdings: The investment in New
Scale Technologies, Inc., Victor, New York (USA),
remained unchanged at 34.5%. New Scale Tech-
nologies develops piezo-based miniature motor
technologies and licenses products and technolo-
gies to industrial partners.

reports are prepared for the management board
and supervisory board. This ensures that major
risks are identified and counteraction can be taken
at an early stage.

The internal audit function complements the risk
management process. In close alignment with the
supervisory board's audit committee it aims to
analyze internal processes and if necessary propose
improvements.

tively low. In addition, this risk is being minimized
further by preventive maintenance activities. The
business interruption risk is additionally insured for
the replacement price and against loss of earn-
ings for 18 months. ams’ insurer, FM Global, has
awarded the company ~ as one of a select number
of semiconductor manufacturers — the HPR (highly
protected risk) status.


--- Page 29 ---

Financial Risks

Risk management is handled centrally by the
treasury department in accordance with guidelines
issued by the management board. These detailed
internal guidelines regulate responsibility and ac-

Receivables and Credit Risk

ams operates a strict credit policy. The creditwor-
thiness of existing customers is constantly checked
and new customers undergo a credit evaluation.
Under ams’ treasury and risk management policy,
investments in liquid securities and transactions

Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk - the possible fluctuation in value
of financial instruments due to changes in market
interest rates — arises in relation to medium and
long-term receivables and payables (especially
borrowings). ams’ treasury policy ensures that
part of the interest rate risk is reduced by fixed-in-
terest borrowings. On the liability side, 52% of all
amounts owed to financial institutions are at fixed

Foreign Exchange Risk

Financial transactions in the semiconductor in-
dustry are predominantly carried out in US dollars.
To hedge the currency risk, all transaction and
conversion risks are constantly monitored. Within
the group, cash flow streams in the same currency
are offset (netting). Currency fluctuations during

tion parameters for the areas affected. The treasury
department evaluates and hedges financial risks in
close cooperation with the business units.

involving derivative financial instruments are only
carried out with financial institutions that have
high credit ratings. As of the balance sheet date
there were no significant concentrations of credit
risk.

rates. Of the remaining borrowings on a floating
rate basis (48%), 51% will be repaid over the next
two years. The remaining floating rate borrow-
ings undergo continual checks with regard to the
interest rate risk. On the asset side, the interest
rate risks are primarily attached to time deposits
and securities in current assets that are tied to the
market interest rate.

foreign currency transactions mainly concern the
US dollar. From the company’s point of view, due
to the extreme volatility in the currency markets, it
is not possible to engage in economically feasible,
efficient, and low risk currency hedges.

53


--- Page 30 ---

54

Product Liability and Quality Risk

The products manufactured by ams are integrated
into complex electronic systems. Faults or functio-
nal defects in the products produced by ams may
have a direct or indirect effect on the property,
health or life of third parties. The company is not in
a position to reduce or exclude its liability towards
consumers or third parties in sales agreements.
Every product that leaves the company under-
goes several qualified checks regarding quality

Patent Infringement Risk

ams manufactures complex ICs using various
process technologies, line widths and production
facilities. Like industry competitors, the company
constantly has to develop these technologies
further. Should ams infringe any existing patents
while consistently monitoring processes, produc-

and function. In spite of quality control systems
certified to ISO/TS 16949, ISO/TS 13485, ISO 9001
und ISO 14001, product defects may occur and
possibly only show up after installation and use of
the finished products. Although this risk has been
appropriately insured, quality problems could neg-
atively impact ams’ assets, financial and earnings
position.

tion methods, and design blocks protected under
patent law as well as related comprehensive licens-
ing, this may negatively impact the assets, financial
and earnings position of the company as well as
the ams share price.

9. Events after the Balance Sheet Date

On February 22, 2018, the company acquired 100%
of the shares of KeyLemon SA and thus gained con-
trol of the acquired company. The acquisition has
been made by cash consideration. The contingent
consideration has been determined as the present
value based on the expected value for the amount
to be paid based on possible scenarios.

To ensure Heptagon’s business achieved the
expected success in 2017, ams had to provide
financing for significantly higher levels of capital
expenditures and committed significantly more
resources than projected. To adequately reflect
this situation, ams has submitted a proposal ona
revised earn-out structure to all former Heptagon
shareholders. The revised earn-out structure re-

places the previous combination of cash payment
and ams shares portion with a mainly increase of
the share consideration, thereby the cash payment
decreases.

The key element of the revised structure is a total
distribution of up to 3.9 million ams shares at the
average closing price of CHF 99.15 resulting from
the 15 trading days before yesterday's proposal
date (20 February 2018). The implementation of
the proposal is contingent on a threshold of 60% of
preferred Heptagon shares (approximately 56% of
total Heptagon shares) represented by former Hep-
tagon shareholders having offered their accept-
ance. Therefore an estimate of the financial impact
is not possible at this time.


--- Page 31 ---

10. Outlook

Supported by more positive expectations for

the development of the world economy, global
industrial production and private consumption in
the current year, ams expects its business to show
meaningful growth in 2018 based on the market
launch of new advanced sensor solutions, high
run rates for existing products and the production
ramp-up of a range of design-wins across end
markets.

For the sensor and analog segments of the world-
wide semiconductor industry, market researchers
assume market volume to expand further in 2018
and currently expect year-on-year growth in the
middle to higher single-digit percentage range
(WSTS, February 2018). In contrast and in line

with published expectations, ams is confident at
this time to achieve a revenue growth rate well
above the expected market growth rate for the
current year. ams anticipates gross profit margin for
2018 to remain attractive, reflecting the business
structure of the company. ams also expects the
operating and net result for the current year to
develop positively despite further increases in
absolute research and development as well as sales
and marketing expenses.

However, should global semiconductor demand
and the macroeconomic environment develop
unfavorably in 2018 and/or the USD show nota-
ble weakness, ams would experience an evident
impact on the development of its business and
earnings.

ams’ market-leading expertise in sensor solutions
and its clear strategy of focusing on key sensing
markets is driving an expanding range of signifi-
cant growth opportunities for the company. These
include new and upcoming sensing applications

in smartphones and other mobile devices as well
as the rapidly growing use of advanced sensor
technologies in automotive, industrial, and medical
applications.

Implementing its growth strategy, ams pursues a
continued leadership position in its target markets,
the expansion of business with key accounts and a
higher penetration of its global customer base as
important mid-term priorities.

55
