

--- Page 1 ---

90

About ABB

ABB is a pioneering technology leader in electri-
fication products, robotics and motion, indus-
trial automation and power grids serving cus-
tomers in utilities, industry and transport &
infrastructure globally. Continuing more thana

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

125-year history of innovation, ABB today is at
the forefront of the industrial digitalization and
driving the Energy and Fourth Industrial Revolu-
tions. ABB operates in more than 100 countries
with about 135,000 employees.

History of the ABB Group

The ABB Group was formed in 1988 througha
merger between Asea AB and BBC Brown

Boveri AG. Initially founded in 1883, Asea AB was a
major participant in the introduction of electricity
into Swedish homes and businesses and in the de-
velopment of Sweden’s railway network. In the
1940s and 1950s, Asea AB expanded into the
power, mining and steel industries. Brown Boveri
and Cie. (later renamed BBC Brown Boveri AG) was
formed in Switzerland in 1891 and initially special-
ized in power generation and turbines. In the early
to mid-1900s, it expanded its operations through-
out Europe and broadened its business opera-
tions to include a wide range of electrical engi-
neering activities.

In January 1988, Asea AB and BBC Brown Boveri AG
each contributed almost all of their businesses to
the newly formed ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd, of
which they each owned 50 percent. In 1996,

Asea AB was renamed ABB AB and BBC Brown
Boveri AG was renamed ABB AG. In February 1999,
the ABB Group announced a group reconfigura-
tion designed to establish a single parent holding
company and a single class of shares. ABB Ltd was
incorporated on March 5, 1999, under the laws of
Switzerland. In June 1999, ABB Ltd became the
holding company for the entire ABB Group. This
was accomplished by having ABB Ltd issue shares
to the shareholders of ABB AG and ABB AB, the
two companies that formerly owned the ABB
Group. The ABB Ltd shares were exchanged for
the shares of those two companies, which, as a re-
sult of the share exchange and certain related
transactions, became wholly-owned subsidiaries
of ABB Ltd. ABB Ltd shares are currently listed on
the SIX Swiss Exchange, the NASDAQ OMx Stock-
holm Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange
(in the form of American Depositary Shares).

Organizational structure

Our business is international in scope and we
generate revenues in numerous currencies.
We are headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.

We manage our business based on a divisional
structure, comprised of four divisions: Electrifica-
tion Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Au-
tomation and Power Grids. For a breakdown of
our consolidated revenues (i) by operating divi-
sion and (ii) derived from each geographic region
in which we operate, see “Analysis of Results of
Operations—Revenues”.

We operate in approximately 100 countries across
three regions: Europe, the Americas, and Asia,

Middle East and Africa (AMEA). A breakdown of
our employees by geographic region is as follows:

December 31,

2017 2016 2015
Europe 63,000 61,400 61,600
The Americas 28,800 29,000 30,900
Asia, Middle East
and Africa 43,000 41,900 43,300
Total 134,800 132,300 135,800

The proportion of our employees that are repre-
sented by labor unions or are the subject of col-
lective bargaining agreements varies based on
the labor practices of each country in which we
operate.


--- Page 2 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 91

Divisions

Electrification Products Division

Overview

The Electrification Products division provides
solutions across the full electrical value chain
from the substation to the point of consump-
tion. The innovations from this business enable a
safer and more reliable electrical flow, with a full
range of low- and medium-voltage products and
solutions for intelligent protection and connec-
tion as well as pre-engineered packaged solutions
and services tailored to customers’ needs. The
portfolio - within increasingly digital and con-
nected solutions — includes modular substation
packages, distribution automation products,
switchgear, circuit breakers, measuring and sens-
ing devices, control products, wiring accessories,
and enclosures and cabling systems, including
KNX systems (global standard for home and
building control) designed to integrate and auto-
mate a building’s lighting, heating and ventilation,
and security and data communication networks.

The division delivers products to customers
through a global network of channel partners and
end-customers. Most of the division’s revenue is
derived from sales through distributors, whole-
salers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs),
system integrators, utilities and panel builders,
with some direct sales to end-users, utilities and
other ABB divisions.

The Electrification Products division had approxi-
mately 42,200 employees as of December 31, 2017,
and generated $10.1 billion of revenues in 2017.

Customers

The Electrification Products division serves a
wide range of customers who are connecting,
protecting and controlling electricity from a num-
ber of industry segments including buildings,
data centers, rail, wind and solar, food and bever-
age, marine, and oil and gas.

Products and Services

The Protection and Connection business offers
products that protect, control and connect peo-
ple, plants and systems. ABB offers solutions to
restore power rapidly in case of a fault and helps
provide optimum protection for people and elec-
trical installations. The product offering ranges
from miniature circuit breakers to high-capacity
molded-case and air-circuit breakers and includes
safety switches used for power distribution in

factories and buildings, switchgear systems for
short circuit and overload protection as well as
cabling and connection components. In addition,
the business offers terminal blocks, a range of
contactors, starters, proximity sensors, safety
products for industrial protection, limit switches
and manual motor starters, along with electronic
relays and overload relays.

The Building Products business provides smart
home and intelligent building control systems,
also known as KNX protocol, to optimize effi-
ciency, safety and comfort through the auto-
mated management of lighting, shutters and se-
curity. In addition, the business supplies
conventional wiring accessories, industrial plugs
and sockets, and enclosures ideal for single family
homes, multiple dwellings, commercial buildings,
infrastructure and industrial applications.

The Installation Products business offers prod-
ucts for low-voltage wire and cable management,
making the task of fastening, protecting, insulat-
ing and connecting wires easier and quicker for
industrial applications, construction, communica-
tions, utility and OEM professionals, as well as
do-it-yourself specialists. The business offers
emergency lighting and lighting for explosive en-
vironments, as well as lightning protection and
earth grounding apparatus.

The Medium Voltage Products business helps util-
ity, industry and transport & infrastructure cus-
tomers to improve power quality and control, re-
duce outage time and enhance operational
reliability and efficiency. The business offers
products and services that largely serve the
power distribution sector, often providing the link
between high-voltage transmission systems and
low-voltage users. Its comprehensive offering in-
cludes medium-voltage equipment (1 to 50 kilo-
volts), indoor and outdoor circuit breakers, reclos-
ers, fuses, contactors, relays, instrument
transformers, sensors, motor control centers, ring
main units for primary and secondary distribu-
tion, as well as a range of air- and gas-insulated
switchgear. It also produces indoor and outdoor
modular systems and other solutions to facilitate
efficient and reliable power distribution.

The Electrification Solutions business offers sys-
tems solutions to customers across low- and
medium-voltage applications, integrating the entire
offering from the division into complete solutions


--- Page 3 ---

92

for customers, adding value through design, engi-
neering, project management and service.

The Power and Electric Vehicle Infrastructure bu-
siness supplies power generation products and
solutions including electric vehicle charging and
solar inverters for residential, commercial and util-
ity applications, solar packages with integrated en-
ergy storage solutions and power protection solu-
tions such as UPS (uninterruptible power supplies)
solutions, status transfer switches, power distri-
bution units, power converters, and fuel cell in-
verters. In electro mobility, ABB has been offering
rapid charging solutions with more than 5,000
networked systems for passenger cars and com-
mercial vehicles installed worldwide. ABB’s port-
folio of DC fast charging solutions ranges from
20kW wall boxes to ultra-fast charging solutions
for cars and 600kW electric buses. In 2017, ABB in-
troduced a leading technology for flash-charging
and onboard traction equipment which recharges
buses in 20-second bursts at stops, while passen-
gers are embarking and disembarking. This tech-
nology is designed to deliver higher passenger
capacity, lower noise and emission-free public
transport.

In addition, the service offerings of the Electrifi-
cation Products division span the entire value
chain, from the moment a customer makes the
first inquiry to disposal and recycling of the prod-
uct. Throughout the value chain, ABB provides
training, technical support and customized con-
tracts. All of this is supported by an extensive
global sales and service network.

Sales and Marketing

Sales are primarily made through indirect sales
channels such as distributors and wholesalers to
end customers including installers and system in-
tegrators. Direct customers include utilities,
panel builders and machine builders, as well as
other ABB divisions. The proportion of direct
sales compared to channel partner sales varies
among the different industries, product technolo-
gies and geographic markets. The business is fo-
cused on creating demand to support its channel
sales, with a range of promotional activities and
support services including configuration and
other digital solutions.

Competition

The Electrification Products division’s principal
competitors vary by product line, but they include
Eaton Corporation, Legrand, Schneider, Siemens,
Hubbell, Leviton, Rittal and Chint Electrical.

Capital Expenditures
The Electrification Products division’s capital ex-
penditures for property, plant and equipment

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

totaled $218 million in 2017, compared to

$215 million and $228 million in 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Investments in 2017 were primarily
related to footprint changes, equipment replace-
ment and upgrades. Geographically, in 2017,
Europe represented 56 percent of the capital ex-
penditures, followed by the Americas (32 per-
cent) and AMEA (12 percent).

Robotics and Motion Division

Overview

The Robotics and Motion division provides prod-
ucts, solutions and related services that increase
industrial productivity and energy efficiency. Our
key products such as motors, generators, drives
and robotics provide power, motion and control
for a wide range of automation applications. The
leading position in wind generators and propul-
sion converters complement the industrial focus,
leveraging joint technology, channels and opera-
tions platforms.

Revenues are generated both from direct sales to
end-users as well as from indirect sales through
distributors, machine builders, system integra-
tors, and OEMs.

The Robotics and Motion division had approxi-
mately 27,100 employees as of December 31, 2017,
and generated $8.4 billion of revenues in 2017.

Products and Services

The Robotics business offers robots, controllers,
software systems, as well as complete robot au-
tomation solutions and a comprehensive range
of advanced services for automotive and Tier One
OEMs as well as for general industry. These pro-
vide flexibility for manufacturers to meet the
challenge of making smaller lots of a larger num-
ber of specific products in shorter cycles for to-
day’s dynamic global markets, while also improv-
ing quality, productivity and reliability. Robots are
also used in activities or environments which may
be hazardous to employee health and safety, such
as repetitive or strenuous lifting, dusty, hot or
cold rooms, or painting booths. In the automotive
industry, robot products and systems are used in
such areas as press shop, body shop, paint shop,
power train assembly, trim and final assembly.
General industry segments in which robotics solu-
tions are used range from metal fabrication,
foundry, plastics, food and beverage, chemicals
and pharmaceuticals, electronics and warehouse/
logistics center automation. Typical robotic appli-
cations in general industry include welding, mate-
rial handling, machine tending, painting, picking,
packing, palletizing and small parts assembly au-
tomation.


--- Page 4 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 93

The Motors and Generators business supplies a
comprehensive range of electrical motors, gener-
ators, and mechanical power transmission prod-
ucts. The range of electrical motors includes high
efficiency motors that conform to leading envi-
ronmental and Minimum Energy Performance
Standards (MEPS). Efficiency is an important se-
lection criterion for customers, because electric
motors account for nearly two-thirds of the elec-
tricity consumed by industrial plants. The busi-
ness unit manufactures synchronous motors for
the most demanding applications and a full range
of low- and high-voltage induction motors, for
both IEC (International Electrotechnical Commis-
sion) and NEMA (National Electrical Manufactur-
ers Association) standards. The business unit also
offers solutions that monitor motor performance
and provide vital intelligence on key operating pa-
rameters. These products and solutions help cus-
tomers improve uptime, extend motor lifetimes,
and increase productivity while becoming or re-
maining digitally connected.

The Drives business provides low-voltage and
medium-voltage drives and systems for indus-
trial, commercial and residential applications.
Drives provide speed, torque and motion control
for equipment such as fans, pumps, compressors,
conveyors, centrifuges, mixers, hoists, cranes, ex-
truders, printing and textile machines. They are
used in industries such as building automation,
marine, power, transportation, food and bever-
age, metals, mining, and oil and gas. The business
unit also supplies traction converters (propulsion
converters and auxiliary converters) for the trans-
portation industry and wind converters.

The division also offers services that comple-
ment its products and solutions, including de-
sign and project management, engineering, in-
stallation, training and lifecycle care, energy
efficiency appraisals, preventive maintenance
and digital services such as remote monitoring
and software tools.

Customers

The Robotics and Motion division serves a wide
range of customers. Customers include machin-
ery manufacturers, process industries such as
pulp and paper, oil and gas, and metals and min-
ing companies, hybrid and batch manufacturers
such as food and beverage companies, transpor-
tation equipment manufacturers, discrete manu-
facturing companies such as “3C” (computer,
communication and consumer electronic), utilities
as well as customers in the automotive industry.

Sales and Marketing
Sales are made both through direct sales forces
as well as through third-party channel partners,

such as distributors, wholesalers, installers,
machine builders and OEMs, and system integra-
tors. The proportion of direct sales compared to
channel partner sales varies among the different
industries, product technologies and geographic
markets.

Competition

The Robotics and Motion division’s principal
competitors vary by product line but include
Fanuc Robotics, Kuka Robot Group, Rockwell
Automation, Schneider, Siemens, Yaskawa and
WEG Industries.

Capital Expenditures

The Robotics and Motion division’s capital expen-
ditures for property, plant and equipment totaled
$118 million in 2017, compared to $112 million and
$126 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Princi-
pal investments in 2017 were primarily related to
equipment replacement, footprint adjustments
and automation upgrades. Geographically, in 2017,
Europe represented 46 percent of the capital ex-
penditures, followed by the Americas (32 percent)
and AMEA (22 percent).

Industrial Automation Division

Overview

The Industrial Automation division offers custom-
ers solutions that are designed to optimize the
productivity, energy efficiency and safety of their
industrial processes by combining the division’s
integrated control products, systems and service
offerings with deep domain and process exper-
tise of each end market. Solutions include turnkey
engineering, control systems, measurement prod-
ucts, lifecycle services, outsourced maintenance
and industry-specific products such as electric
propulsion for ships, Azipods, mine hoists, turbo-
chargers and pulp and paper quality control
equipment. The systems can link various pro-
cesses and information flows which allows cus-
tomers to manage their entire manufacturing and
business process based on real-time access to
plant information. Additionally, the systems allow
customers to increase production efficiency, opti-
mize their assets and reduce environmental
waste. Some of the products from the Robotics
and Motion, Power Grids and Electrification Prod-
ucts divisions are integrated into the process con-
trol and electrification solutions offered by the In-
dustrial Automation division.

The Industrial Automation division offerings are
available as separately sold products or as part of
a total automation, electrification and/or instru-
mentation system. The division’s technologies are


--- Page 5 ---

94

sold primarily through direct sales forces as well
as third-party channels.

The division had approximately 27,100 employees
as of December 31, 2017, and generated revenues
of $6.9 billion in 2017.

Customers

The Industrial Automation division’s end custom-
ers are primarily companies in the oil and gas,
minerals and mining, metals, pulp and paper,
chemicals and pharmaceuticals, food and bever-
age, power generation and marine industries.
These customers are looking for complete auto-
mation, instrumentation, and electrification solu-
tions that deliver value mainly through lower capi-
tal costs, increased plant availability, lower
life-cycle costs and reduced project costs.

Products and Services

The Oil, Gas and Chemicals business provides
solutions across the entire hydrocarbon value
chain, from exploration and production to supply,
transport and distribution, as well as refining,
chemicals and petrochemicals. ABB specializes in
mastering the control loop and transforming cli-
ent operations through actionable insights that
optimize performance in real time. From the well
head to the refinery, ABB technologies connect
people with data to optimize performance, im-
prove reliability, enhance efficiency and minimize
environmental impact from project start-up
throughout the entire plant life cycle.

Other Process Industry markets served include
mining, minerals processing, metals, pharmaceu-
ticals and pulp and paper as well as their associ-
ated service industries. The business’ added value
is deep industry expertise coupled with the ability
to integrate both automation and electronics, re-
sulting in faster start-up times, increased plant
productivity and reduced overall capital and oper-
ating costs for customers. For mining, metals and
cement industries, solutions include specialized
products and services, as well as total production
systems. The business designs, plans, engineers,
supplies, erects and commissions electric equip-
ment, drives, motors, high power rectifiers and
equipment for automation and supervisory con-
trol within a variety of areas including mineral
handling, mining operations, aluminum smelting,
hot and cold steel applications and cement pro-
duction. In the pharmaceuticals and fine chemi-
cals areas, the business offers applications to
support manufacturing, packaging, quality con-
trol and compliance with regulatory agencies. The
offering for the pulp and paper industries in-
cludes quality control systems, control systems,
drive systems, on-line sensors, actuators and field
instruments.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

ABB serves the power generation market with lead-
ing automation solutions for all types of power
generation such as coal, gas, combined-cycle,
waste-to-energy as well as renewable sources such
as hydro, solar, wind and biomass. With an offering
that includes instrumentation, excitation and con-
trol systems, ABB technologies help optimize per-
formance, improve reliability, enhance efficiency
and minimize environmental impact throughout
the plant life cycle. The business also serves the
water industry, including applications such as
pumping stations and desalination plants.

ABB services the Marine and Ports business
through its leading solutions for specialty vessels,
container and bulk cargo handling. For the ship-
ping industry, ABB offers an extensive portfolio of
integrated marine systems and solutions that im-
prove the flexibility, reliability and energy effi-
ciency of vessels. By coupling power, automation
and marine software, proven fuel-efficient tech-
nologies and services that ensure maximum vessel
uptime, ABB is in the position to improve the prof-
itability of a customer’s business throughout the
entire life cycle of a fleet. ABB designs, engineers,
builds, supplies and commissions automation and
electrical systems for marine power generation,
power distribution and electric propulsion, as well
as turbochargers to improve efficiency. With ABB’s
integrated operations centers around the world
and marine software solutions, owners and opera-
tors can run their fleets at lower fuel and mainte-
nance cost, while improving crew, passenger, and
cargo safety and overall productivity of their oper-
ations. In addition, ABB delivers automation and
electrical systems for container and bulk cargo
handling - from ship to gate. The systems and ser-
vices help terminal operators meet the challenge
of larger ships, taller cranes and bigger volumes
per call, and make terminal operations safer,
greener and more productive.

ABB offers an extensive portfolio of products and
software from stand-alone basic control to inte-
grated collaborative systems for complex or criti-
cal processes. One of the solutions, System
800xA, provides a scalable extended automation
system for process and production control, safety,
and production monitoring. Freelance, another
solution, is a full-fledged, easy-to-use distributed
control system for small to medium size applica-
tions. The PLC Automation portfolio offers a scal-
able range for small, middle and high-end applica-
tions. Components for basic automation
solutions, process and safety controllers, field in-
terfaces, panels, process recorders and HMI (Hu-
man Machine Interfaces) are available through our
Compact Product Suite offering. The product
portfolio is complemented by Automation Senti-
nel, a subscription-based life cycle management


--- Page 6 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 95

program that provides services to maintain and
continually advance and enhance ABB control
systems (e.g. cyber security patches) and thus al-
lows it to manage a customer’s life cycle costs.
The Advanced Services offering provides individ-
ual software-based services to continuously im-
prove automation and processes. ABB also offers
Manufacturing Execution Systems that create
agility and transparency for production pro-
cesses by synchronizing and orchestrating a flow
across individual automation islands. An interac-
tive software platform, Decathlon Software,
combines plant operations data from control
systems, enterprise resource planning (ERP) and
other data sources into actionable information
for decision-makers, creating additional cus-
tomer value. ABB focuses strongly on the human
factor and thus offers operator interfaces from
panels to holistic control room solutions with er-
gonomic furniture and control centers to drive
productivity, quality and safety to new levels.

The offerings of the Measurement and Analytics
business are designed to measure product proper-
ties, such as weight, thickness, color, brightness,
moisture content and additive content. Actuators
allow the customer to make automatic adjustments.
during the production process to improve the qual-
ity and consistency of the product. Field instru-
ments measure properties of the process, such as
flow rate, chemical content and temperature. The
business also offers a full line of instrumentation
and analytical products to analyze, measure and re-
cord industrial and power processes.

ABB manufactures and maintains turbochargers
for diesel and gas engines having power levels
ranging from 500 kilowatts to over 80 mega-
watts. The business provides engine builders and
application operators with advanced turbocharg-
ing solutions for efficient and flexible application
operations and in compliance with the most strin-
gent environmental requirements.

In July 2017, ABB acquired B&R, the largest inde-
pendent provider focused on product- and
software-based, open-architecture solutions for
machine and factory automation worldwide. This
acquisition closes ABB's historic gap in machine
and factory automation and is anticipated to cre-
ate a comprehensive automation portfolio for cus-
tomers globally. ABB combines state-of-the-art
technology with advanced engineering to provide
a wide range of customers with complete solu-
tions for machine and factory automation, motion
control, HMI and integrated safety technology.
With Industrial Internet of Things communica-
tion standards like OPC Unified Architecture,
POWERLINK and openSAFETY as well as the pow-
erful Automation Studio software development

environment, B&R strives to redefine the future of
automation engineering. In addition, ABB offers a
complete range of lifecycle services across all cus-
tomer segments to help customers optimize their
assets. Demand for process automation services
is driven by customers seeking to increase pro-
ductivity by improving the performance of exist-
ing equipment.

Sales and Marketing

The Industrial Automation division primarily uses
its direct sales force as well as third-party channel
partners, such as distributors, system integrators
and OEMs. The majority of revenues are derived
through the division’s own direct sales channels.

Competition

The Industrial Automation division’s principal
competitors vary by industry or product line.
Competitors include Emerson, Honeywell, Valmet,
Rockwell Automation, Beckhoff Automation,
Schneider, Siemens, Voith, and Yokogawa Electric
Corporation.

Capital Expenditures

The Industrial Automation division’s capital ex-
penditures for property, plant and equipment
totaled $71 million in 2017, compared to $53 mil-
lion and $57 million in 2016 and 2015, respec-
tively. Principal investments in 2017 were in the
Turbocharging and the Measurement and Ana-
lytics businesses. Geographically, in 2017, Eu-
rope represented 70 percent of the capital ex-
penditures, followed by the Americas

(17 percent) and AMEA (13 percent).

Power Grids Division

Overview

The Power Grids division is a global leader in
power technologies and aspires to be the partner
of choice for enabling a stronger, smarter and
greener grid. The Power Grids division provides
product, system, software and service solutions
across the power value chain that are designed to
meet the growing demand for electricity with
minimum environmental impact. These solutions
support utility, industry and transport & infra-
structure customers to plan, build, operate and
maintain their power infrastructure. They are de-
signed to facilitate the safe, reliable and efficient
integration, transmission and distribution of bulk
and distributed energy generated from conven-
tional and renewable sources.

Approximately three quarters of the division’s rev-
enues come from utility customers and the re-
maining portion is generated from industry and
transport & infrastructure customers. Power


--- Page 7 ---

96

Grids has a worldwide customer base, with a wide
spread of revenues from a regional perspective
across the Americas, Europe and AMEA. The divi-
sion also has a globally diversified and well bal-
anced manufacturing and engineering footprint.
Direct sales account for a significant part of the
division’s total revenues and external channel
partners such as wholesalers, distributors and
OEMs account for the rest.

The division had approximately 36,400 employees
as of December 31, 2017, and generated $10.4 bil-
lion of revenues in 2017.

Customers

The Power Grids division’s principal customers
include transmission and distribution operators
and owners as well as utilities and industrial,
transportation and infrastructure customers.

Products and Services

The Grid Automation business is at the forefront
of grid automation and digitalization. It supplies
substation automation products, systems and
services. It also provides Supervisory Control
and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems for trans-
mission and distribution networks as well asa
range of wireless, fiber optic and power line
carrier-based telecommunication technologies
for mission critical applications. This business
offers microgrid solutions that are being in-
creasingly deployed for remote and partially
grid-connected applications. Also included in
this business is the enterprise software portfolio
-a provider of an industry-leading suite of
software solutions that help utilities and other
asset-intensive industries (e.g. rail, mining) man-
age, maintain and optimize their assets.

The Grid Integration business is among the
world’s leading providers of transmission and dis-
tribution substations, associated life-cycle ser-
vices and HVDC systems. The substations are pro-
vided either as engineered solutions (system
integration) or on a turnkey, engineering, procure-
ment, construction (EPC) basis, for utility and
non-utility applications including renewables, rail,
data-centers, industry, battery energy storage
and shore-to-ship power supply. The HVDC sys-
tems use Line Commutated Converter (HVDC
Classic) technology or Voltage Sourced Converter
(HVDC Light) technology. The Grid Integration
portfolio also includes the Flexible Alternating
Current Transmission Systems (FACTS) business,
which comprises Static Var Compensation (SVC)
and static compensator (STATCOM) technology.
These systems stabilize voltages, minimize
losses, and keep power quality in accordance
with grid codes. The Grid Integration business's
portfolio also includes a range of high power

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

semiconductors, a core technology for power
electronics deployed in HVDC, FACTS and rail
applications.

The High Voltage products business is a global
leader in high voltage switchgear up to 1200 kV AC
and 1100 kV DC with a portfolio spanning
air-insulated, gas-insulated and hybrid technolo-
gies. It also manufactures generator circuit break-
ers, a key product for integrating large power
plants into the grid. The portfolio also includes a
broad range of capacitors and filters that facili-
tate power quality as well as instrument trans-
formers and other substation components.

The Transformers business supplies transformers
that are an integral component found across the
power value chain, enabling the efficient and safe
conversion of electricity to different voltages. ABB
is the world’s largest maker of transformers. The
product range is designed for reliability, durability
and efficiency with a portfolio that includes power
transformers, dry- and liquid-distribution trans-
formers, traction transformers for rail applica-
tions, and special application transformers and re-
lated components such as insulation kits, bushings
and other transformer accessories. In addition,
ABB’s power transformers are pushing the voltage
barrier to unprecedented levels of 1100 kV DC and
1200 kV AC, facilitating more power to be trans-
ported longer distances with minimum losses.
Other technology developments include
grid-resilient transformers designed to withstand
physical attack, eco-efficient transformers using
biodegradable oil and innovative sensor-based as
well as software-leveraging solutions for remote
maintenance and asset optimization.

The division also has an extensive portfolio of
service offerings. This is a growing focus area,
leveraging the significant installed product base.
The portfolio includes spare parts, condition
monitoring and maintenance services, on- and
off-site repairs as well as retrofits and upgrades.
Advanced software-based monitoring and advi-
sory services are being added to the portfolio to
enable digitalization of grids. ABB Ability™,

the company’s unified, cross-industry digital
capability supports the portfolio with devices,
systems, solutions, services and a platform that
enable customers to know more, do more and do
better.

Competition

Ona global basis, the Power Grids division faces
worldwide competition across its portfolio mainly
from Siemens and General Electric (GE Alstom).

It also competes in specific geographies and in
parts of the business with companies such as
Hyundai, Hyosung, Crompton Greaves, TBEA


--- Page 8 ---

and NARI. The breadth of its portfolio, technology
and innovation, a global footprint and a vast in-
stalled base, enable the division to maintain its
leading position in the power sector.

Capital Expenditure

The Power Grids division’s capital expenditures
for property, plant and equipment totaled

$171 million in 2017, compared to $172 million and
$150 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Princi-
pal investments in 2017 were related to capacity
expansion as well as the replacement of existing
equipment, particularly in Sweden, the U.S. and
Switzerland. Geographically, in 2017, Europe rep-
resented 60 percent of the capital expenditures,
followed by the Americas (25 percent) and AMEA
(15 percent).

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other includes headquarters, cen-
tral research and development, real estate activi-
ties, Group Treasury Operations, Global Business
Services (GBS) and other minor business activi-
ties. In addition, we have classified the historical
business activities of significant divested busi-
nesses in Corporate and Other.

Corporate headquarters and stewardship acti’
ties include the operations of our corporate
headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, as well as
corporate-related activities in various countries.

These activities cover staff functions with
group-wide responsibilities, such as accounting
and financial reporting, corporate finance and
taxes, planning and controlling, internal audit, legal
and integrity, compliance, risk management and
insurance, corporate communications, information

systems, investor relations and human resources.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 97

Corporate research and development primarily
covers our research activities, as our development
activities are organized under the four business di-
visions. We have two global research laboratories,
one focused on power technologies and the other
focused on automation technologies, which both
work on technologies relevant to the future of our
four business divisions. Each laboratory works on
new and emerging technologies and collaborates
with universities and other external partners to
support our divisions in advancing relevant tech-
nologies and in developing cross-divisional tech-
nology platforms. We have corporate research cen-
ters in seven countries (China, India, Germany,
Poland, Sweden, Switzerland and the U.S.).

GBS operates in several hub locations and con-
sists of shared services in the area of account-
ing, human resources, information systems and
supply chain management. The costs for GBS are
allocated to the operating divisions.

Corporate and Other had approximately
2,000 employees at December 31, 2017.


--- Page 9 ---

98

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Capital expenditures

Total capital expenditures for property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets (excluding intan-
gibles acquired through business combinations)
amounted to $949 million, $831 million, $876 mil-
lion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In 2017,
2016 and 2015, capital expenditures were 14 per-
cent, 27 percent and 24 percent lower, respec-
tively, than depreciation and amortization.
Excluding acquisition-related amortization, capi-
tal expenditures were 13 percent higher, 3 percent
lower and 3 percent higher, respectively, than de-
preciation and amortization.

Capital expenditures in 2017 remained at a signifi-
cant level in mature markets, reflecting the geo-
graphic distribution of our existing production fa-
cilities. Capital expenditures in Europe and North
America in 2017 were driven primarily by upgrades
and maintenance of existing production facilities,
mainly in the U.S., Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and
Germany. Capital expenditures in emerging mar-
kets were highest in China, Poland and India.
Capital expenditures in emerging markets were
made primarily to increase production capacity

Supplies and raw

We purchase a variety of supplies and products
which contain raw materials for use in our produc-
tion and project execution processes. The primary
materials used in our products, by weight, are
copper, aluminum, steel, mineral oil and various
plastics. We also purchase a wide variety of fabri-
cated products, electronic components and sys-
tems. We operate a worldwide supply chain man-
agement network with employees dedicated to
this function in our businesses and key countries.
Our supply chain management network consists
of a number of teams, each focusing on different
product categories. These category teams, on
global, divisional and/or regional level, take ad-
vantage of opportunities to leverage the scale of
ABB and to optimize the efficiency of our supply
networks, in a sustainable manner.

by investing in new or expanded facilities. The
share of emerging markets capital expenditures
as a percentage of total capital expenditures in
2017, 2016 and 2015 was 31 percent, 35 percent
and 31 percent, respectively.

At December 31, 2017, construction in progress for
property, plant and equipment was $700 million,
mainly in China, the U.S., Sweden, Switzerland and
Germany. At December 31, 2016, construction in
progress for property, plant and equipment was
$515 million, mainly in the U.S., China, Sweden,
Switzerland and Germany while at December 31,
2015, construction in progress for property, plant
and equipment was $559 million, mainly in Swe-
den, the U.S., China, Switzerland and Germany.

Our capital expenditures relate primarily to
property, plant and equipment. For 2018, we esti-
mate the expenditures for property, plant and
equipment will be higher than our annual depreci-
ation and amortization charge, excluding
acquisition-related amortization.

materials

Our supply chain management organization’s
activities have continued to expand in recent
years, to:

pool and leverage procurement of materials and
services,

provide transparency of ABB’s global spending
through a comprehensive performance and
reporting system linked to our ERP systems,
strengthen ABB’s supply chain network by
implementing an effective product category

management structure and extensive
competency-based training, and

monitor and develop our supply base to ensure
sustainability, both in terms of materials and
processes used.


--- Page 10 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 99

We buy many categories of products which contain
steel, copper, aluminum, crude oil and other com-
modities. Continuing global economic growth in
many emerging economies, coupled with the vola-
tility in foreign currency exchange rates, has led to
significant fluctuations in these raw material costs
over the last few years. While we expect global
commodity prices to remain highly volatile, we ex-
pect to offset some market volatility through the
use of long-term contracts and global sourcing.

We seek to mitigate the majority of our exposure
to commodity price risk by entering into hedges.
For example, we manage copper and aluminum
price risk using principally swap contracts based
on prices for these commodities quoted on lead-
ing exchanges. ABB’s hedging policy is designed
to safeguard margins by minimizing price volatil-
ity and providing a stable cost base during order
execution. In addition to using hedging to reduce
our exposure to fluctuations in raw materials
prices, in some cases we can reduce this risk by
incorporating changes in raw materials prices

into the prices of our end products (through price
escalation clauses).

Overall, during 2017 supply chain management
personnel in our businesses, and in the countries
in which we operate, along with the global cate-
gory teams, continued to focus on value chain op-
timization efforts in all areas, while maintaining
and improving quality and delivery performance.

In August 2012, the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) issued its final rules
regarding “Conflict Minerals”, as required by sec-
tion 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act. We initiated con-
flict minerals processes in 2013 and have continu-
ously improved and tailored the processes to our
value chain. We continue to work with our suppli-
ers and customers, to enable us to comply with
the rules and disclosure obligations. Further infor-
mation on ABB’s Conflict Minerals policy and sup-
plier requirements can be found under “Material
Compliance” at new.abb.com/about/supplying

Application of critical accounting

policies

General

We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements
in accordance with United States generally ac-
cepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and pres-
ent these in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.

The preparation of our financial statements re-
quires us to make assumptions and estimates that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses and the related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate
our estimates on an ongoing basis, including, but
not limited to, those related to: gross profit mar-
gins on long-term construction-type contracts;
costs of product guarantees and warranties; pro-
visions for bad debts; recoverability of inventories,
investments, fixed assets, goodwill and other
intangible assets; the fair values of assets and lia-
bilities assumed in business combinations; in-
come tax expenses and provisions related to un-
certain tax positions; pensions and other
postretirement benefit assumptions; and legal

and other contingencies. Where appropriate, we
base our estimates on historical experience and
on various other assumptions that we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the re-
sults of which form the basis for making judg-
ments about the carrying values of assets and lia-
bilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from our esti-
mates and assumptions.

We deem an accounting policy to be critical if it
requires an accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are
highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made
and if different estimates that reasonably could
have been used, or if changes in the accounting
estimates that are reasonably likely to occur peri-
odically, could materially impact our Consolidated
Financial Statements. We also deem an account-
ing policy to be critical when the application of
such policy is essential to our ongoing operations.
We believe the following critical accounting poli-
cies require us to make difficult and subjective


--- Page 11 ---

100 REPOF

judgments, often as a result of the need to make
estimates regarding matters that are inherently
uncertain. These policies should be considered
when reading our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Revenue recognition

We generally recognize revenues for the sale of
goods when persuasive evidence of an arrange-
ment exists, delivery has occurred, the price is
fixed or determinable, and collectability is reason-
ably assured. With regard to the sale of products,
delivery is not considered to have occurred, and
therefore no revenues are recognized, until the
customer has taken title to the products and as-
sumed the risks and rewards of ownership of the
products specified in the purchase order or sales
agreement. Generally, the transfer of title and
risks and rewards of ownership are governed by
the contractually-defined shipping terms. We use
various International Commercial shipping terms
(as promulgated by the International Chamber of
Commerce) such as Ex Works (EXW), Free Carrier
(FCA) and Delivered Duty Paid (DDP). Subsequent
to delivery of the products, we generally have no
further contractual performance obligations that
would preclude revenue recognition.

Revenues under long-term construction-type con-
tracts are generally recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting.
We use the cost-to-cost method to measure prog-
ress towards completion on contracts. Under this
method, progress of contracts is measured by ac-
tual costs incurred in relation to management’s
best estimate of total estimated costs, which are
reviewed and updated routinely for contracts in
progress. The cumulative effect of any change in
estimate is recorded in the period in which the
change in estimate is determined.

The percentage-of-completion method of account-
ing involves the use of assumptions and projec-
tions, principally relating to future material, labor
and project-related overhead costs. As a conse-
quence, there is a risk that total contract costs will
exceed those we originally estimated and the mar-
gin will decrease or the long-term construction-type
contract may become unprofitable. This risk in-
creases if the duration of a contract increases be-
cause there is a higher probability that the circum-
stances upon which we originally developed our
estimates will change, resulting in increased costs
that we may not recover. Factors that could cause
costs to increase include:
+ unanticipated technical problems with equip-
ment supplied or developed by us which may re-
quire us to incur additional costs to remedy,

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

changes in the cost of components, materials
or labor,
difficulties in obtaining required governmental

permits or approvals,

project modifications creating unanticipated
costs,

suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to
perform, and

delays caused by unexpected conditions or
events.

Changes in our initial assumptions, which we re-
view on aregular basis between balance sheet
dates, may result in revisions to estimated costs,
current earnings and anticipated earnings. We rec-
ognize these changes in the period in which the
changes in estimates are determined. By recogniz-
ing changes in estimates cumulatively, recorded
revenue and costs to date reflect the current esti-
mates of the stage of completion of each project.
Additionally, losses on long-term contracts are rec-
ognized in the period when they are identified and
are based upon the anticipated excess of contract
costs over the related contract revenues.

Short-term construction-type contracts, or
long-term construction-type contracts for which
reasonably dependable estimates cannot be
made or for which inherent hazards make esti-
mates difficult, are accounted for under the com-
pleted-contract method. Revenues under the
completed-contract method are recognized upon
substantial completion—that is: acceptance by
the customer, compliance with performance spec-
ifications demonstrated in a factory acceptance
test or similar event.

For non construction-type contracts that contain
customer acceptance provisions, revenue is de-
ferred until customer acceptance occurs or we
have demonstrated the customer-specified objec-
tive criteria have been met or the contractual ac-
ceptance period has lapsed.

Revenues from service transactions are recog-
nized as services are performed. For long-term
service contracts, revenues are recognized ona
straight-line basis over the term of the contract
or, if the performance pattern is other than
straight-line, as the services are provided. Service
revenues reflect revenues earned from our activi-
ties in providing services to customers primarily
subsequent to the sale and delivery of a product
or complete system. Such revenues consist of
maintenance-type contracts, field service activi-
ties that include personnel and accompanying
spare parts, and installation and commissioning
of products as a stand-alone service or as part of
a service contract.


--- Page 12 ---

Revenues for software license fees are recognized
when persuasive evidence of a non-cancelable li-
cense agreement exists, delivery has occurred,
the license fee is fixed or determinable, and col-
lection is probable. In software arrangements
that include rights to multiple software products
and/or services, the total arrangement fee is allo-
cated using the residual method, under which rev-
enue is allocated to the undelivered elements
based on vendor-specific objective evidence
(VSOE) of fair value of such undelivered elements
and the residual amounts of revenue are allocated
to the delivered elements. Elements included in
multiple element arrangements may consist of
software licenses, maintenance (which includes
customer support services and unspecified up-
grades), hosting, and consulting services. VSOE is
based on the price generally charged when an ele-
ment is sold separately or, in the case of an ele-
ment not yet sold separately, the price estab-
lished by authorized management, if it is probable
that the price, once established, will not change
once the element is sold separately. If VSOE does
not exist for an undelivered element, the total ar-
rangement fee will be recognized as revenue over
the life of the contract or upon delivery of the un-
delivered element.

We offer multiple element arrangements to meet
our customers’ needs. These arrangements may
involve the delivery of multiple products and/or
performance of services (such as installation and
training) and the delivery and/or performance
may occur at different points in time or over dif-
ferent periods of time. Deliverables of such multi-
ple element arrangements are evaluated to deter-
mine the unit of accounting and if certain criteria
are met, we allocate revenues to each unit of ac-
counting based on its relative selling price. A hier-
archy of selling prices is used to determine the
selling price of each specific deliverable that in-
cludes VSOE (if available), third-party evidence (if
VSOE is not available), or estimated selling price if
neither of the first two is available. The estimated
selling price reflects our best estimate of what
the selling prices of elements would be if the ele-
ments were sold on a stand-alone basis. Revenue
is allocated between the elements of an arrange-
ment consideration at the inception of the ar-
rangement. Such arrangements generally include
industry-specific performance and termination
provisions, such as in the event of substantial de-
lays or non-delivery.

Revenues are reported net of customer rebates
and similar incentives. Taxes assessed by a govern-
mental authority that are directly imposed on
revenue-producing transactions between us and
our customers, such as sales, use, value-added and
some excise taxes, are excluded from revenues.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 101

These revenue recognition methods require the
collectability of the revenues recognized to be
reasonably assured. When recording the respec-
tive accounts receivable, allowances are calcu-
lated to estimate those receivables that will not
be collected. These reserves assume a level of de-
fault based on historical information, as well as
knowledge about specific invoices and custom-
ers. The risk remains that actual defaults will vary
in number and amount from those originally esti-
mated. As such, the amount of revenues recog-
nized might exceed or fall below the amount
which will be collected, resulting in a change in
earnings in the future. The risk of deterioration is
likely to increase during periods of significant
negative industry, economic or political trends.

As aresult of the above policies, judgment in the
selection and application of revenue recognition
methods must be made.

Contingencies

As more fully described in “Note 15 Commitments
and contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements, we are subject to proceedings, litiga-
tion or threatened litigation and other claims and
inquiries related to environmental, labor, product,
regulatory, tax (other than income tax) and other
matters. We are required to assess the likelihood
of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these
matters, as well as potential ranges of probable
losses. A determination of the provision required,
if any, for these contingencies is made after analy-
sis of each individual issue, often with assistance
from both internal and external legal counsel and
technical experts. The required amount of a provi-
sion for a contingency of any type may change in
the future due to new developments in the partic-
ular matter, including changes in the approach to
its resolution.

We record provisions for our contingent obliga-
tions when it is probable that a loss will be incurred
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Any
such provision is generally recognized on an undis-
counted basis using our best estimate of the
amount of loss or at the lower end of an estimated
range when a single best estimate is not determin-
able. In some cases, we may be able to recover a
portion of the costs relating to these obligations
from insurers or other third parties; however, we
record such amounts only when it is probable that
they will be collected.

We provide for anticipated costs for warranties
when we recognize revenues on the related prod-
ucts or contracts. Warranty costs include calcu-
lated costs arising from imperfections in design,


--- Page 13 ---

102

material and workmanship in our products. We
generally make individual assessments on con-
tracts with risks resulting from order-specific con-
ditions or guarantees and assessments on an over-
all, statistical basis for similar products sold in
larger quantities. There is a risk that actual war-
ranty costs may exceed the amounts provided for,
which would result in a deterioration of earnings in
the future when these actual costs are determined.

Pension and other
postretirement benefits

As more fully described in “Note 17 Employee ben-
efits” to our Consolidated Financial Statements,
we have a number of defined benefit pension and
other postretirement plans and recognize an as-
set for a plan’s overfunded status or a liability for
a plan’s underfunded status in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets. We measure such a plan’s assets
and obligations that determine its funded status
as of the end of the year.

Significant differences between assumptions and
actual experience, or significant changes in as-
sumptions, may materially affect the pension ob-
ligations. The effects of actual results differing
from assumptions and the changing of assump-
tions are included in net actuarial loss within “Ac-
cumulated other comprehensive loss”.

We recognize actuarial gains and losses gradually
over time. Any cumulative unrecognized actuarial
gain or loss that exceeds 10 percent of the greater
of the present value of the projected benefit obliga-
tion (PBO) and the fair value of plan assets is recog-
nized in earnings over the expected average remain-
ing working lives of the employees participating in
the plan, or the expected average remaining lifetime
of the inactive plan participants if the plan is com-
prised of all or almost all inactive participants. Oth-
erwise, the actuarial gain or loss is not recognized in
the Consolidated Income Statements.

We use actuarial valuations to determine our pen-
sion and postretirement benefit costs and credits.
The amounts calculated depend on a variety of key
assumptions, including discount rates, mortality
rates and expected return on plan assets. Under
U.S. GAAP, we are required to consider current mar-
ket conditions in making these assumptions. In
particular, the discount rates are reviewed annually
based on changes in long-term, highly-rated corpo-
rate bond yields. Decreases in the discount rates
result in an increase in the PBO and in pension
costs. Conversely, an increase in the discount rates
results in a decrease in the PBO and in pension
costs. The mortality assumptions are reviewed

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

annually by management. Decreases in mortality

rates result in an increase in the PBO and in pension
costs. Conversely, an increase in mortality rates re-
sults in a decrease in the PBO and in pension costs.

Holding all other assumptions constant, a
0.25-percentage point decrease in the discount
rate would have increased the PBO related to our
defined benefit pension plans by $427 mi
while a 0.25-percentage point increase in the
discount rate would have decreased the PBO
related to our defined benefit pension plans by
$401 million.

ion

The expected return on plan assets is reviewed
regularly and considered for adjustment annually
based upon the target asset allocations and rep-
resents the long-term return expected to be
achieved. Decreases in the expected return on
plan assets result in an increase to pension costs.
Holding all other assumptions constant, an in-
crease or decrease of 0.25 percentage points in
the expected long-term rate of asset return would
have decreased or increased, respectively, the net
periodic benefit cost in 2017 by $24 million.

The funded status, which can increase or decrease
based on the performance of the financial mar-
kets or changes in our assumptions, does not rep-
resent a mandatory short-term cash obligation.
Instead, the funded status of a defined benefit
pension plan is the difference between the PBO
and the fair value of the plan assets. At Decem-
ber 31, 2017, our defined benefit pension plans
were $1,413 million underfunded compared to an
underfunding of $1,403 million at December 31,
2016. Our other postretirement plans were under-
funded by $132 million and $147 million at Decem-
ber 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

We have multiple non-pension postretirement ben-
efit plans. Our health care plans are generally con-
tributory with participants’ contributions adjusted
annually. For purposes of estimating our health
care costs, we have assumed health care cost in-
creases to be 7.1 percent per annum for 2018, grad-
ually declining to 5.0 percent per annum by 2028
and to remain at that level thereafter.

Income taxes

In preparing our Consolidated Financial State-
ments, we are required to estimate income taxes
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Tax expense from continuing operations is recon-
ciled from the weighted-average global tax rate
(rather than from the Swiss domestic statutory
tax rate) as the parent company of the ABB Group,
ABB Ltd, is domiciled in Switzerland. Income


--- Page 14 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 103

which has been generated in jurisdictions outside
of Switzerland (hereafter “foreign jurisdictions”)
and has already been subject to corporate income
tax in those foreign jurisdictions is, to a large ex-
tent, tax exempt in Switzerland. Therefore, gener-
ally no or only limited Swiss income tax has to be
provided for on the repatriated earnings of for-
eign subsidiaries. There is no requirement in Swit-
zerland for a parent company of a group to file a
tax return of the group determining domestic and
foreign pre-tax income and as our consolidated
income from continuing operations is predomi-
nantly earned outside of Switzerland, corporate
income tax in foreign jurisdictions largely deter-
mines our global weighted-average tax rate.

We account for deferred taxes by using the asset
and liability method. Under this method, we de-
termine deferred tax assets and liabilities based
on temporary differences between the financial
reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabili-
ties. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are mea-
sured using the enacted tax rates and laws that
are expected to be in effect when the differences
are expected to reverse. We recognize a deferred
tax asset when it is more likely than not that the
asset will be realized. We regularly review our de-
ferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a
valuation allowance based upon historical losses,
projected future taxable income and the expected
timing of the reversals of existing temporary dif-
ferences. To the extent we increase or decrease
this allowance in a period, we recognize the
change in the allowance within “Provision for
taxes” in the Consolidated Income Statements un-
less the change relates to discontinued opera-
tions, in which case the change is recorded in “In-
come (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
tax”. Unforeseen changes in tax rates and tax
laws, as well as differences in the projected tax-
able income as compared to the actual taxable in-
come, may affect these estimates.

Certain countries levy withholding taxes, dividend
distribution taxes or additional corporate income
taxes (hereafter “withholding taxes”) on dividend
distributions. Such taxes cannot always be fully
reclaimed by the shareholder, although they have
to be declared and withheld by the subsidiary.
Switzerland has concluded double taxation trea-
ties with many countries in which we operate.
These treaties either eliminate or reduce such
withholding taxes on dividend distributions. It is
our policy to distribute retained earnings of sub-
sidiaries, insofar as such earnings are not perma-
nently reinvested or no other reasons exist that
would prevent the subsidiary from distributing
them. No deferred tax liability is set up, if retained
earnings are considered as permanently rein-
vested, and used for financing current operations

as wellas business growth through working capi-
tal and capital expenditure in those countries.

We operate in numerous tax jurisdictions and, as
aresult, are regularly subject to audit by tax au-
thorities. We provide for tax contingencies when-
ever it is deemed more likely than not that a tax
asset has been impaired or a tax liability has been
incurred for events such as tax claims or changes
in tax laws. Contingency provisions are recorded
based on the technical merits of our filing posi-
tion, considering the applicable tax laws and
OECD guidelines and are based on our evaluations
of the facts and circumstances as of the end of
each reporting period. Changes in the facts and
circumstances could result in a material change to
the tax accruals. Although we believe that our tax
estimates are reasonable and that appropriate
tax reserves have been made, the final determina-
tion of tax audits and any related litigation could
be different than that which is reflected in our in-
come tax provisions and accruals.

An estimated loss from a tax contingency must be
accrued as a charge to income if it is more likely
than not that a tax asset has been impaired ora
tax liability has been incurred and the amount of
the loss can be reasonably estimated. We apply a
two-step approach to recognize and measure un-
certainty in income taxes. The first step is to eval-
uate the tax position for recognition by determin-
ing if the weight of available evidence indicates
that it is more likely than not that the position will
be sustained on audit, including resolution of re-
lated appeals or litigation processes, if any. The
second step is to measure the tax benefit as the
largest amount which is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
The required amount of provisions for contingen-
cies of any type may change in the future due to
new developments.

Business combinations

The amount of goodwill initially recognized ina
business combination is based on the excess of
the purchase price of the acquired company over
the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The determination of these fair values
requires us to make significant estimates and as-
sumptions. For instance, when assumptions with
respect to the timing and amount of future reve-
nues and expenses associated with an asset are
used to determine its fair value, but the actual
timing and amount differ materially, the asset
could become impaired. In some cases, particu-
larly for large acquisitions, we may engage inde-
pendent third-party appraisal firms to assist in
determining the fair values.


--- Page 15 ---

104

Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible as-
sets include but are not limited to: future ex-
pected cash flows of the acquired business, brand
awareness, customer retention, technology obso-
lescence and discount rates.

In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related
valuation allowances assumed in connection with
a business combination are initially estimated at
the acquisition date. We reevaluate these items
quarterly, based upon facts and circumstances
that existed at the acquisition date with any ad-
justments to our preliminary estimates being re-
corded to goodwill provided that we are within
the twelve-month measurement period. Subse-
quent to the measurement period or our final de-
termination of the tax allowance’s or contingen-
cy’s estimated value, whichever comes first,
changes to these uncertain tax positions and
tax-related valuation allowances will affect our
provision for income taxes in our Consolidated
Income Statements and could have a material im-
pact on our results of operations and financial
position. The fair values assigned to the intangi-
ble assets acquired are described in “Note 3 Ac-
quisitions and business divestments” as well as
“Note 11 Goodwill and other intangible assets”,
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill and other intangible
assets

We review goodwill for impairment annually as of
October 1, or more frequently if events or circum-
stances indicate the carrying value may not be re-
coverable. As of January 1, 2017, we early adopted
an accounting standard update eliminating the re-
quirement to calculate the implied fair value of
goodwill when calculating an impairment loss.

We use either a qualitative or quantitative assess-
ment method for each reporting unit. The qualita-
tive assessment involves determining, based on
an evaluation of qualitative factors, whether it is
more likely than not that the fair value of a report-
ing unit is less than its carrying amount. If, based
on this qualitative assessment, it is determined to
be more likely than not that the reporting unit’s
fair value is less than its carrying value, thena
quantitative impairment test is performed. If we
elect not to perform the qualitative assessment
for a reporting unit, then we perform the quanti-
tative impairment test.

Our reporting units are the same as our business
divisions for Electrification Products, Robotics
and Motion, and Power Grids. For the Industrial

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Automation division, we determined the report-
ing units to be one level below the division, as
the different products produced or services pro-
vided by this division do not share sufficiently
similar economic characteristics to permit test-
ing of goodwill on a total division level.

When performing the qualitative assessment, we
first determine, for a reporting unit, factors which
would affect the fair value of the reporting unit in-
cluding: (i) macroeconomic conditions related to
the business, (ii) industry and market trends, and
(iii) the overall future financial performance and
future opportunities in the markets in which the
business operates. We then consider how these
factors would impact the most recent quantita-
tive analysis of the reporting unit’s fair value. Key
assumptions in determining the value of the re-
porting unit include the projected level of busi-
ness operations, the weighted-average cost of
capital, the income tax rate and the terminal
growth rate.

If, after performing the qualitative assessment,
we conclude that events or circumstances have
occurred which would indicate that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than its carrying value, or if we have
elected not to perform a qualitative assessment,
then a quantitative impairment test is per-
formed. First, we calculate the fair value of the
reporting unit (using an income approach
whereby the fair value is calculated based on the
present value of future cash flows applying a dis-
count rate that represents our weighted-average
cost of capital) and compare it to the reporting
unit’s carrying value. Where the fair value of the
reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the
net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not
impaired and no further testing is performed.
However, if the carrying value of the net assets
assigned to the reporting unit is equal to or ex-
ceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, we would
record an impairment loss equal to the differ-
ence, up to the full amount of goodwill. Any
goodwill impairment losses would be recorded
as a separate line item in the income statement
in continuing operations, unless related to a dis-
continued operation, in which case the losses
would be recorded in “Income (loss) from discon-
tinued operations, net of tax”.

In 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment
and determined that it was not more likely than
not that the fair value for each of these reporting
units was below the carrying value. As a result,
we concluded that it was not necessary to per-
form the quantitative impairment test.


--- Page 16 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 105

In 2016, prior to the adoption of the new account-
ing standard update, we performed the two-step
quantitative impairment test for all of our report-
ing units to reflect new assumptions and fore-
casts resulting from our newly developed strate-
gic plan for the period 2017 to 2020. The two-step
test required us to first calculate the fair value of
the reporting unit and then compare it to the re-
porting unit’s carrying value (as described above).
However, if the carrying value of the net assets as-
signed to the reporting unit was equal to or ex-
ceeded the reporting unit’s fair value, we would
have performed a second step whereby we would
have determined the implied fair value of the re-
porting unit’s goodwill and would have compared
it to the carrying value of the reporting unit’s
goodwill. If the carrying value of a reporting unit’s
goodwill had exceeded its implied fair value, then
we would have recorded an impairment loss equal
to the difference.

The quantitative test performed in 2016, con-
cluded that the estimated fair values for each of
our reporting units exceeded their respective car-
rying values by more than 100 percent and as no
reporting unit had a zero or negative carrying
value, we concluded that none of the reporting
units were “at risk” of failing the goodwill impair-
ment test. Consequently, the second step of the
impairment test was not performed.

The projected future cash flows used in the 2016
fair value calculation were based on approved
business plans for the reporting units which cov-
ered a period of four years plus a calculated termi-
nal value. The projected future cash flows re-
quired significant judgments and estimates
involving variables such as future sales volumes,
sales prices, awards of large orders, production
and other operating costs, capital expenditures,
net working capital requirements and other eco-
nomic factors. The after-tax weighted-average
cost of capital of 8 percent was based on vari-
ables such as the risk-free rate derived from the

yield of 10-year U.S. treasury bonds as well as an
ABB-specific risk premium. The terminal value
growth rate was assumed to be 1 percent. The
mid-term tax rate used in the test was 27 percent.
We based our fair value estimates on assump-
tions we believed to be reasonable, but which
were inherently uncertain. Consequently, actual
future results may differ from those estimates.

We assessed the reasonableness of the fair value
calculations of our reporting units by reconciling
the sum of the fair values for all our reporting
units to our total market capitalization. The as-
sumptions used in the fair value calculation were
challenged each year (through the use of sensitiv-
ity analysis) to determine the impact on the fair
value of the reporting units. Our sensitivity analy-
sis in 2016 showed that, holding all other assump-
tions constant, a 1-percentage point increase in
the discount rate would have reduced the calcu-
lated fair value by approximately 12.9 percent,
while a 1-percentage point decrease in the termi-
nal value growth rate would have reduced the cal-
culated fair value by approximately 9.7 percent.

Intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability
upon the occurrence of certain triggering events
(such as a decision to divest a business or pro-
jected losses of an entity) or whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carry-
ing amount may not be recoverable. We record im-
pairment charges in “Other income (expense),
net”, in our Consolidated Income Statements, un-
less they relate to a discontinued operation, in
which case the charges are recorded in “Income
(loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax”.

New accounting pronouncements

For a description of accounting changes and re-
cent accounting pronouncements, including the
expected dates of adoption and estimated effects,

if any, on our Consolidated Financial Statements,
see “Note 2 Significant accounting policies” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 17 ---

106

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Research and development

Each year, we invest significantly in research and
development. Our research and development fo-
cuses on developing and commercializing the
technologies of our businesses that are of strate-
gic importance to our future growth. In 2017, 2016
and 2015, we invested $1,365 million, $1,300 mil-
lion and $1,406 million, respectively, or approxi-
mately 4.0 percent, 3.8 percent and 4.0 percent,
respectively, of our annual consolidated revenues
on research and development activities. We also
had expenditures of $131 million, $155 million and
$271 million, respectively, or approximately

0.4 percent, 0.5 percent and 0.8 percent, respec-
tively, of our annual consolidated revenues in 2017,
2016 and 2015, on order-related development ac-
tivities. These are customer- and project-specific
development efforts that we undertake to de-
velop or adapt equipment and systems to

the unique needs of our customers in connection
with specific orders or projects. Order-related de-
velopment amounts are initially recorded in inven-
tories as part of the work in process of a contract
and then are reflected in cost of sales at the time
revenue is recognized in accordance with our ac-
counting policies.

In addition to continuous product development,
and order-related engineering work, we develop
platforms for technology applications in our auto-
mation and power businesses in our research and
development laboratories, which operate ona
global basis. Through active management of our
investment in research and development, we seek
to maintain a balance between short-term and
long-term research and development programs
and optimize our return on investment.

Universities are incubators of future technology,
and a central task of our research and develop-
ment team is to transform university research
into industry-ready technology platforms. We

collaborate with a number of universities and re-
search institutions to build research networks
and foster new technologies. We believe these
collaborations shorten the amount of time re-
quired to turn basic ideas into viable products,
and they additionally help us recruit and train
new personnel. We have built numerous univer-
sity collaborations in the U.S., Europe and Asia,
including long-term, strategic relationships with
the Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, ETH Zurich, Royal Insti-
tute of Technology (KTH) Stockholm, Chalmers
University of Technology Gothenburg, Cambridge
University, Imperial College London, Dresden Uni-
versity of Technology and Xi’an Jiaotong Univer-
sity (XJTU). Our collaborative projects include re-
search on materials, sensors, micro-engineered
mechanical systems, robotics, controls, manu-
facturing, distributed power and communica-
tion. Common platforms for power and automa-
tion technologies are developed around
advanced materials, efficient manufacturing, in-
formation technology and data communication,
as well as sensor and actuator technology.

Common applications of basic power and auto-
mation technologies can also be found in power
electronics, electrical insulation, and control and
optimization. Our power technologies, including
our insulation technologies, current interruption
and limitation devices, power electronics, flow
control and power protection processes, apply
as much to large, reliable, blackout-free trans-
mission systems as they do to everyday house-
hold needs. Our automation technologies, in-
cluding our control and optimization processes,
power electronics, sensors and microelectronics,
mechatronics and wireless communication pro-
cesses, are designed to improve efficiency in
plants and factories around the world, including
our own.


--- Page 18 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 107

Acquisitions and divestments

Acquisitions

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, ABB paid $2,111 mil-
lion, $13 million and $37 million to purchase five,
one and three businesses, respectively. The
amounts exclude increases in investments made
in cost- and equity-accounted companies.

The principal acquisition in 2017 was B&R, which
was acquired in July. B&R is a worldwide provider
of product- and software-based, open-architecture
solutions for machine and factory automation and
employs more than 3,000 people, including about
1,000 research and development, and application
engineers. It operates across 70 countries in the
machine and factory automation market segment.

None of the acquisitions in 2016 or 2015 were
significant.

Planned acquisition of GE Industrial Solutions
On September 25, 2017, the Company announced
that it had reached an agreement to acquire GE IS,
GE’s global electrification solutions business, for
$2.6 billion. The acquisition is expected to
strengthen the Company’s global position in elec-
trification and expand its access to the North
American market through strong customer rela-
tionships, a large installed base and extensive dis-

Exchange rates

We report our financial results in U.S. dollars. Due
to our global operations, a significant amount of
our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are
denominated in other currencies. As a conse-
quence, movements in exchange rates between
currencies may affect: (i) our profitability, (ii) the
comparability of our results between periods, and
(iii) the reported carrying value of our assets and li-
abilities.

tribution networks. GE IS is headquartered in the
United States and has approximately 13,500 em-
ployees. The Company expects to complete the
acquisition in the first half of 2018, following the
receipt of customary regulatory approvals.

Divestments and Assets held
for sale

In September 2016, ABB announced an agree-
ment to divest its high-voltage cable system
business. The assets and liabilities of this busi-
ness are shown as assets and liabilities held for
sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at Decem-
ber 31, 2016. The divestment was completed on
March 1, 2017. Total cash proceeds from all busi-
ness divestments during 2017 amounted to

$605 million, net of transaction costs and cash
disposed.

There were no significant divestments in 2016
and 2015.

For more information on our acquisitions and di-
vestments, see “Note 3 Acquisitions and busi-
ness divestments” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

We translate non-USD denominated results of
operations, assets and liabilities to USD in our
Consolidated Financial Statements. Balance
sheet items are translated to USD using year-end
currency exchange rates. Income statement and
cash flow items are translated to USD using the
relevant monthly average currency exchange
rate.


--- Page 19 ---

108

Increases and decreases in the value of the USD
against other currencies will affect the reported
results of operations in our Consolidated Income
Statements and the value of certain of our assets
and liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets,
even if our results of operations or the value of
those assets and liabilities have not changed in
their original currency. As foreign exchange rates
impact our reported results of operations and the
reported value of our assets and liabilities,
changes in foreign exchange rates could signifi-
cantly affect the comparability of our reported re-
sults of operations between periods and result in
significant changes to the reported value of our
assets, liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

While we operate globally and report our financial
results in USD, exchange rate movements be-
tween the USD and both the EUR and the CHF are
of particular importance to us due to (i) the loca-
tion of our significant operations and (ii) our cor-
porate headquarters being in Switzerland.

The exchange rates between the USD and the EUR
and the USD and the CHF at December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, were as follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2017 2016 = 2015
EUR 1.00 1.20 1.05 1.09
CHF 1.00 1.02 0.98 1.01

The average exchange rates between the USD and
the EUR and the USD and the CHF for the years
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were as
follows:

Exchange rates into $ 2017 2016 = 2015
EUR 1.00 113 1.10 111
CHF 1.00 1.02 1.01 1.04

When we incur expenses that are not denomi-
nated in the same currency as the related reve-
nues, foreign exchange rate fluctuations could af-
fect our profitability. To mitigate the impact of
exchange rate movements on our profitability, it
is our policy to enter into forward foreign ex-
change contracts to manage the foreign exchange
transaction risk of our operations.

In 2017, approximately 80 percent of our consoli-

dated revenues were reported in currencies other

than the USD. The following percentages of con-

solidated revenues were reported in the following

currencies:

+ Euro, approximately 20 percent,

+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 13 percent,
and

+ Swedish krona, approximately 6 percent.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

In 2017, approximately 79 percent of our cost of

sales and selling, general and administrative ex-

penses were reported in currencies other than the

USD. The following percentages of consolidated

cost of sales and selling, general and administra-

tive expenses were reported in the following cur-

rencies:

+ Euro, approximately 20 percent,

+ Chinese renminbi, approximately 12 percent,
and

+ Swedish krona, approximately 5 percent.

We also incur expenses other than cost of sales
and selling, general and administrative expenses
in various currencies.

The results of operations and financial position
of many of our subsidiaries outside of the United
States are reported in the currencies of the coun-
tries in which those subsidiaries are located.

We refer to these currencies as “local currencies”.
Local currency financial information is then
translated into USD at applicable exchange rates
for inclusion in our Consolidated Financial State-
ments.

The discussion of our results of operations below
provides certain information with respect to or-
ders, revenues, income from operations and other
measures as reported in USD (as well as in local
currencies). We measure period-to-period varia-
tions in local currency results by using a constant
foreign exchange rate for all periods under com-
parison. Differences in our results of operations
in local currencies as compared to our results of
operations in USD are caused exclusively by
changes in currency exchange rates.

While we consider our results of operations as
measured in local currencies to be a significant in-
dicator of business performance, local currency
information should not be relied upon to the ex-
clusion of U.S. GAAP financial measures. Instead,
local currencies reflect an additional measure of
comparability and provide a means of viewing as-
pects of our operations that, when viewed to-
gether with the U.S. GAAP results, provide a more
complete understanding of factors and trends af-
fecting the business. As local currency informa-
tion is not standardized, it may not be possible to
compare our local currency information to other
companies’ financial measures that have the same
or a similar title. We encourage investors to re-
view our financial statements and publicly filed
reports in their entirety and not to rely on any sin-
gle financial measure.


--- Page 20 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 109

Transactions with affiliates and

associates

In the normal course of our business, we purchase
products from, sell products to and engage in
other transactions with entities in which we hold
an equity interest. The amounts involved in these
transactions are not material to ABB Ltd. Also, in

Orders

Our policy is to book and report an order when a
binding contractual agreement has been con-
cluded with a customer covering, at a minimum,
the price and scope of products or services to be
supplied, the delivery schedule and the payment
terms. The reported value of an order corresponds
to the undiscounted value of revenues that we ex-
pect to recognize following delivery of the goods
or services subject to the order, less any trade dis-
counts and excluding any value added or sales tax.
The value of orders received during a given period
of time represents the sum of the value of all or-
ders received during the period, adjusted to reflect
the aggregate value of any changes to the value of
orders received during the period and orders exist-
ing at the beginning of the period. These adjust-
ments, which may in the aggregate increase or de-
crease the orders reported during the period, may
include changes in the estimated order price up to
the date of contractual performance, changes in
the scope of products or services ordered and can-
cellations of orders.

The undiscounted value of revenues we expect to
generate from our orders at any point in time is
represented by our order backlog. Approximately
8.5 percent of the value of total orders we recorded

the normal course of our business, we engage in
transactions with businesses that we have di-
vested. We believe that the terms of the transac-
tions we conduct with these companies are nego-
tiated on an arm’s length basis.

in 2017 were “large orders”, which we define as
orders from third parties involving a value of at
least $15 million for products or services. Approx-
imately 61 percent of the total value of large or-
ders in 2017 were recorded in our Power Grids di-
vision and approximately 22 percent in our
Industrial Automation division. The other divi-
sions accounted for the remainder of the total
large orders recorded during 2017. The remaining
portion of total orders recorded in 2017 was “base
orders”, which we define as orders from third par-
ties with a value of less than $15 million for prod-
ucts or services.

The level of orders fluctuates from year to year.
Portions of our business involve orders for
long-term projects that can take months or years
to complete and many large orders result in reve-
nues in periods after the order is booked. Conse-
quently, the level of large orders and orders gen-
erally cannot be used to accurately predict future
revenues or operating performance. Orders that
have been placed can be cancelled, delayed or
modified by the customer. These actions can re-
duce or delay any future revenues from the order
or may result in the elimination of the order.


--- Page 21 ---

110

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Performance measures

We evaluate the performance of our divisions
based on orders received, revenues and Opera-
tional EBITA.

Operational EBITA represents income from opera-
tions excluding:

amortization expense on intangibles arising
upon acquisitions (acquisition-related
amortization),

restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses,

non-operational pension cost comprising:

(a) interest cost, (b) expected return on plan
assets, (c) amortization of prior service cost
(credit), (d) amortization of net actuarial loss,
and (e) curtailments, settlements and special
termination benefits,

changes in the amount recorded for retained
obligations of divested businesses occurring
after the divestment date (changes in retained
obligations of divested businesses),

changes in estimates relating to opening
balance sheets of acquired businesses (changes
in pre-acquisition estimates),

+ gains and losses from sale of businesses,

+ acquisition-related expenses and certain
non-operational items, as well as

foreign exchange/commodity timing
differences in income from operations
consisting of: (a) unrealized gains and losses on
derivatives (foreign exchange, commodities,
embedded derivatives), (b) realized gains and
losses on derivatives where the underlying
hedged transaction has not yet been realized,
and (c) unrealized foreign exchange movements
on receivables/payables (and related assets/
liabilities).

See “Note 23 Operating segment and geographic
data” to our Consolidated Financial Statements
for a reconciliation of the total consolidated Oper-
ational EBITA to income from continuing opera-
tions before taxes.


--- Page 22 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP ceEe

Analysis of results of operations

Our consolidated results from operations were as
follows:

Ginmillions, except

per share data in $) 2017 2016 2015
Orders 33,387 33,379 36,429
Order backlog at December 31, 22,414 22,981 24,121
Revenues 34,312 33,828 35,481
Cost of sales (24,046) (24,081) (25,347)
Gross profit 10,266 9,747 10,134
Selling, general and

administrative expenses (5,607) (5,349) (5,574)
Non-order related research and

development expenses (1,365) (1,300) (1,406)
Other income (expense), net 140 (111) (105)
Income from operations 3,434 2,987 3,049
Net interest and other finance

expense (203) (188) (209)
Provision for taxes (860) (781) __(788)
Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 2,371 2,018 2,052
Income (loss) from

discontinued operations, net of

tax ©) 16 3
Net income 2,365 2,034 2,055
Net income attributable to

noncontrolling interests (is2)—(135)_——(422)
NetincomeattributabletoABB 2,213. 1,899 1,933

Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 2,219 1,883 1,930
Net income 2,213 1,899 1,933
Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 104 088 0.87
Net income 104 088 = 0.87
Income from continuing

operations, net of tax 103 087 087
Net income 1.03 088 0.87

Amore detailed discussion of the orders, reve-
nues, Operational EBITA and income from opera-
tions for our divisions follows in the sections of
“Divisional analysis” below entitled “Electrifica-
tion Products”, “Robotics and Motion”, “Industrial
Automation”, “Power Grids” and “Corporate and
Other”. Orders and revenues of our divisions in-
clude interdivisional transactions which are elimi-
nated in the “Corporate and Other” line in the ta-
bles below.

Orders
% Change

($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2017 2016
Electrification

Products 10,143 9,780 10,610 4% (8)%
Robotics and

Motion 8,468 7,858 8,272 8% (5)%
Industrial

Automation 6,554 5,991 7,398 9% (19)%
Power Grids 9,600 10,844 11,425 (11)%  (5)%
Operating

divisions 34,765 34,473 37,705 1% (9)%
Corporate and

Other (1,378) (1,094) (1,276) na. na.
Total 33,387 33,379 36,429 0% (8)%

In 2017, total orders were flat (flat in local curren-
cies). The increase in orders in the Industrial Auto-
mation division mainly reflects the B&R acquisi-
tion in July 2017 as well as the increase in demand
for ABB Ability™ solutions. A recovery in the
end-market demand contributed to the increase
in orders for the Electrification Products division.
In the Robotics and Motion division demand was
supported by strong orders in the Robotics busi-
ness. The decrease in orders in the Power Grids
division mainly reflects lower large orders com-
pared to 2016 which included significant orders
from India and China for ultra-high voltage direct
current (UHVDC) transmission projects.

In 2017, base orders increased 6 percent (6 per-
cent in local currencies) with positive impacts
across all divisions. The increase in base orders
reflects improvements in the global economic
conditions across our key markets. Large orders
decreased 37 percent (36 percent in local curren-
cies), partly reflecting ABB’s business model
shift but also reflecting the impact of the large
UHVDC orders in 2016 from India and China re-
ferred to above. For additional information
about divisional order performance in all peri-
ods, please refer to the relevant sections of
“Divisional analysis” below.

In 2016, total orders declined 8 percent (5 per-
cent in local currencies) with orders decreasing
in all divisions. The decline reflects ongoing
macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties
and challenges in many markets. The low demand
from both the onshore and offshore oil segments


--- Page 23 ---

112

negatively impacted many businesses, particu-
larly the Industrial Automation division. This also
contributed to the negative order development in
the Robotics and Motion division, despite the
strong demand from various industries for robot-
ics. Weak market conditions impacted the orders
in the Electrification Products and in the Power
Grids divisions.

In 2016, base orders declined 5 percent (2 percent
in local currencies) with negative impacts across
all divisions. The decline of base orders reflects
the uncertain global economic conditions across
our key markets. Large orders decreased 27 per-
cent (25 percent in local currencies), impacted by
considerable investment delays.

We determine the geographic distribution of our
orders based on the location of the ultimate des-
tination of the products’ end use, if known, or the
location of the customer. The geographic distri-
bution of our consolidated orders was as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 +2015 2017 +2016
Europe 11,737 11,213 12,568 5%  (11)%
The Americas 9,749 9,351 10,505 4% — (11)%
Asia, Middle
EastandAfrica 11,901 12,815 13,356 (7)% —(4)%
Total 33,387 33,379 36,429 0%  (8)%

Orders in 2017 increased in Europe and the Amer-
icas but were lower in Asia, Middle East and Af-
rica, mainly due to the booking in 2016 of the
large UHVDC orders in India and China referred
to above. Both the Electrification Products and
Robotics and Motion divisions saw growth in all
regions while the Power Grids division saw de-
clines in Asia, Middle East and Africa. Orders in
Europe increased 5 percent (4 percent in local
currencies) due primarily to an increase in base
orders compared to 2016. Orders in Europe for
the Electrification Products, Industrial Automa-
tion and Power Grids divisions grew in local cur-
rencies while remained flat for the Robotics and
Motion division. In local currencies, orders were
lower in Germany, Italy, Norway and Switzerland
while orders increased in the United Kingdom,
France and Spain. In the Americas orders in-
creased 4 percent (3 percent in local currencies).
In local currencies, orders increased in the U.S.
and Canada. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, or-
ders decreased 7 percent (6 percent in local cur-
rencies) as higher base orders were offset by
lower large orders. Orders in China, India and
Saudi Arabia decreased while orders increased in
South Korea and the United Arab Emirates in lo-
cal currencies.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Orders in 2016 declined in all regions, although
we achieved growth within some divisions in Eu-
rope and Asia, Middle East and Africa. Orders in
Europe decreased 11 percent (9 percent in local
currencies) due primarily to lower large orders
compared to 2015. Orders in Europe for the Elec-
trification Products and the Robotics and Motion
divisions grew in local currencies but were offset
by decreases in the other divisions. In local cur-
rencies, orders were lower in Germany, the
United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, Russia,
France, Finland, Turkey and the Netherlands
while orders increased in Italy, Sweden and
Spain. In the Americas orders declined 11 percent
(9 percent in local currencies) on lower base and
large orders. In local currencies, orders de-
creased in the U.S. (mainly due to lower large or-
ders), Canada, Brazil, Chile and Argentina while
orders increased in Mexico. In Asia, Middle East
and Africa, orders decreased 4 percent (flat in lo-
cal currencies) as lower base orders were offset
by strong demand for our power offering and
higher large orders. Orders in China and India in-
creased mainly due to investment activities in
the HVDC power transmission technology while

orders declined in Saudi Arabia, South Korea, the
United Arab Emirates, Australia, Japan, South Af-
rica and Qatar.
Order backlog

December 31, ‘% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 «2015 2017 2016
Electrification
Products 3,098 2,839 3,136 9%  (9)%
Robotics and
Motion 3,961 3,660 3,785 8% —(3)%
Industrial
Automation 5,376 5,409 6,199 (1)% —(13)%
Power Grids 11,330 11,638 11,707 (3)% —(1)%
Operating
divisions 23,765 23,546 24,827 1% (5)%
Corporate and
Other® (1,351) (565) (706) na. naa.
Total 22,414 22,981 24,121  (2)% —(5)%

(ch i fiminat

As at December 31, 2017, the consolidated order
backlog declined 2 percent (8 percent in local cur-
rencies). Order backlog declined in the Industrial
Automation and Power Grids divisions while in-
creased in the Electrification Products as well as
in Robotics and Motion divisions. The decrease in
the order backlog was mainly due to high levels of
execution from the order backlog while orders re-
ceived during the year remained flat compared to
2016. The net impact on order backlog from di-
vestments and acquisitions was a decrease of

4 percent.


--- Page 24 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 113

As at December 31, 2016, the consolidated order
backlog declined 5 percent (2 percent in local
currencies) and was lower in all divisions. The de-
cline in the Electrification Products division was
driven by the Medium Voltage Products and
Building Products businesses. In the Robotics
and Motion division, the backlog was flat in local
currencies as the increase in the Robotics was
offset by declines in the other businesses. In the
Industrial Automation division, order backlog de-
clined and was lower across all businesses, ex-
cept for in the Measurement and Analytics busi-
ness. In the Power Grids division, local currency
order backlog increased, driven by the Trans-
formers business.

Industrial Automation division, a continued low
level of orders from the oil and gas industry, as
well as from mining and metals, negatively im-
pacted revenues. Revenues in the Power Grids di-
vision were impacted by weaker order intake, the
exit from certain businesses as well as lower pull-
through revenues from other divisions. Revenues
were positively impacted by growth in the Robot-
ics business, despite market challenges while rev-
enues in the Electrification Products division
slightly increased in local currencies.

We determine the geographic distribution of our
revenues based on the location of the ultimate
destination of the products’ end use, if known, or
the location of the customer. The geographic dis-
tribution of our consolidated revenues was as

Revenues follows:

% Change % Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 «2015 2017 = 2016 ~—($ inmillions) 2017 2016 «2015 +2017 2016
Electrification Europe 11,840 11,315 11,602 5%  — (2)%
Products 10,094 9,920 10,275 2% —_(3)% — The Americas 9,713 9,741 10,554 0% = (8)%
Robotics and Asia, Middle
Motion 8401 7,906 8,188 6% — (3)% ~— EastandAfrica 12,759 12,772 13,325 0% —(4)%
Industrial Total 34,312 33,828 35,481 1% — (5)%
Automation 6880 6654 7,219 3% — (8)%
Power Grids 10,394 10,660 11,245  (2)% —(5)%
Operating In 2017, revenues increased in Europe but were
divisions BS 062) 35,140 36,927 2% (5% flat in the Americas and in Asia, Middle East and
corporate and Cel (1,312) 0,446) et na Africa. In Europe, revenues increased 5 percent
Total 34,312 33,828 35,481 1% @% (4 percent in local currencies) reflecting growth

1) Includes interdivisional elimination:

Revenues in 2017 increased 1 percent (1 percent
in local currencies) as growth in 2017 was gener-
ally hindered by a lower opening order backlog
compared to 2016. Revenues in the Robotics and
Motion division were positively impacted by
growth in the Robotics business with strong de-
mand from the automotive and general industry
sectors. The increase in revenues in the Indus-
trial Automation division was mainly attributable
to the acquisition of B&R in July 2017, partially
offset by lower revenues in the division’s other
businesses. Revenues in the Electrification Prod-
ucts division increased from both the distribu-
tors as well as certain end-customer channels.
Revenues in the Power Grids division were im-
pacted by weaker large order intake as well asa
lower opening order backlog. For additional in-
formation about the divisional revenues perfor-
mance in all periods, please refer to “Divisional
analysis” below.

Revenues in 2016, decreased 5 percent (2 percent
in local currencies) and declined in all divisions.
Revenues were lower due to declining orders
during the year and a lower opening order back-
log compared to the beginning of 2015. In the

in the Electrification Products and Power Grids
divisions, as well as in the Industrial Automation
division, which benefited from the acquisition of
B&R. In local currencies, revenues declined in
Germany and the United Kingdom, while reve-
nues increased in France, Italy, Norway and Swe-
den. Revenues in the Americas were flat (de-
creased 1 percent in local currencies). In local
currencies, revenues decreased in Brazil, Canada,
Chile and Peru while revenues were higher in the
U.S. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, revenues
were flat (flat in local currencies). In local curren-
cies, revenues declined in Australia, Japan, Saudi
Arabia, South Korea and Singapore while reve-
nues increased in China and India.

In 2016, revenues decreased across all regions,
although we achieved regional growth within
some divisions. In Europe, revenues declined

2 percent (flat in local currencies) due to growth
in the Electrification Products division and
steady revenues in the Industrial Automation di-
vision. In local currencies, revenues declined in
Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Germany and
France, while revenues increased in Russia, the
United Kingdom, Italy and Spain. Revenues from
the Americas decreased 8 percent (5 percent in
local currencies). In local currencies, revenues de-
creased in the U.S. and Brazil while revenues


--- Page 25 ---

114

were higher in Canada, Mexico, Argentina and
Chile. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, revenues
decreased 4 percent (1 percent in local curren-
cies), supported by strong demand for our power
offering. In local currencies, revenues declined in
South Africa, Australia, Japan, Saudi Arabia and
Singapore while revenues increased in China, In-
dia and Egypt.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales consists primarily of labor, raw ma-
terials and component costs but also includes in-
direct production costs, expenses for warran-
ties, contract and project charges, as well as
order-related development expenses incurred in
connection with projects for which correspond-
ing revenues have been recognized.

In 2017, cost of sales was flat (flat in local curren-
cies) at $24,046 million. The Robotics and Motion
division recorded the highest increase in cost of
sales, which was due to revenue growth but also
due to additional charges recorded in the turnkey
full train retrofit business. As a percentage of rev-
enues, cost of sales decreased from 71.2 percent
in 2016 to 70.1 percent in 2017. The decrease in
the cost of sales as a percentage of revenues oc-
curred in all divisions except Robotics and Mo-
tion, and was impacted by the reversal in 2017 of
previously recorded restructuring costs. Total re-
structuring costs in cost of sales, net of reversals,
was $88 million in 2017 compared to $182 million
in 2016. In addition, cost of sales continued to re-
flect improvements generated from supply chain
programs aimed at reducing costs.

In 2016, cost of sales decreased 5 percent (2 per-
cent in local currencies) to $24,081 million. As a
percentage of revenues, cost of sales decreased
from 71.4 percent in 2015 to 71.2 percent in 2016.
In particular, the Industrial Automation and Power
Grids divisions had a reduction in cost of sales as
a percentage of revenues, resulting from improve-
ment in project margins and savings from supply
chain and operational excellence cost take-out
programs. In 2016, cost of sales was negatively
impacted by approximately 0.5 percent due to
the charges recorded for a change in previously
estimated warranty liabilities for certain solar in-
verters sold by Power-One in the Electrification
Products division.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Selling, general and
administrative expenses

The components of selling, general and adminis-
trative expenses were as follows:

($inmi
Selling expenses.

Selling expenses as a
percentage of orders received

ns, unless otherwise stated) 2017 2016
3,585 3,480

2015
3,729

10.7% 10.4% 10.2%

General and

administrative expenses 2,022 1,869 1,845

General and
administrative expenses
as a percentage of revenues 5.9% 5.5% 5.2%
Total selling, general and
administrative expenses

Total selling, general and
administrative expenses

as a percentage of revenues
Total selling, general and
administrative expenses

as a percentage of the average
of orders received and revenues

5,607 5,349 5,574

16.3% 15.8% 15.7%

16.6% 15.9% 15.5%

In 2017, general and administrative expenses in-
creased 8 percent compared to 2016 (8 percent in
local currencies). As a percentage of revenues, gen-
eral and administrative expenses increased from
5.5 percent to 5.9 percent. Although we recorded

a reduction of $55 million in restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses for the White Collar
Productivity program compared to last year, gen-
eral and administrative expenses increased driven
by a series of strategic investments including the
Power Up program and additional general and ad-
ministrative expenses from the acquired B&R.

In 2016, general and administrative expenses in-
creased 1 percent compared to 2015 (4 percent in
local currencies). As a percentage of revenues,
general and administrative expenses increased
from 5.2 percent to 5.5 percent. General and
administrative expenses were impacted by
approximately $183 million of restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses for the White Col-
lar Productivity program. Restructuring-related
expenses include the additional costs of running
parallel operations during the relocation and
transition phase, advisory costs for external con-
sultants, expenses associated with our internal
restructuring program implementation teams
and costs for hiring and training personnel at
new locations.


--- Page 26 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 115

In 2017, selling expenses increased 3 percent com-
pared to 2016 (2 percent in local currencies) pri-
marily driven by extended sales activities in selec-
tive business units like Robotics, Grid Integration,
Building Products and Grid Automation and addi-
tional selling expenses from the acquired B&R, de-
spite a reduction of $32 million in expenses for
the White Collar Productivity program. Selling ex-
penses as a percentage of orders received in-
creased from 10.4 percent to 10.7 percent on
higher expenses.

In 2016, selling expenses decreased 7 percent com-
pared to 2015 (4 percent in local currencies) pri-
marily driven by lower restructuring expenses re-
lated to the White Collar Productivity program.
Selling expenses as a percentage of orders re-
ceived increased from 10.2 percent to 10.4 percent
on lower orders. Selling expenses were impacted
by approximately $34 million from costs for the
White Collar Productivity program.

In 2017, selling, general and administrative ex-
penses increased 5 percent compared to 2016

(4 percent in local currencies) and as a percentage
of the average of orders and revenues, selling, gen-
eral and administrative expenses increased from
15.9 percent to 16.6 percent mainly from the im-
pact of the higher expenses described above.

In 2016, selling, general and administrative ex-
penses decreased 4 percent compared to 2015

(2 percent in local currencies) and as a percentage
of the average of orders and revenues, selling, gen-
eral and administrative expenses increased from
15.5 percent to 15.9 percent mainly impacted by
lower orders and revenues.

Non-order related research and
development expenses

In 2017, non-order related research and develop-
ment expenses increased 5 percent (5 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2016 reflecting a fo-
cused increase in investment to build up compe-
tencies in certain new technologies. In 2016,
non-order related research and development ex-
penses decreased 8 percent (6 percent in local cur-
rencies) compared to 2015 and reflects the savings
realized by reducing the number of employees.

Non-order related research and development ex-
penses as a percentage of revenues increased in
2017 to 4.0 percent, after decreasing to 3.8 percent
in 2016 from 4.0 percent in 2015.

Other income (expense), net

2017 2016 2015
Restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses® (49) (49)_—(67)
Net gain from sale of property,
plant and equipment 36 38 26
Asset impairments (22) (1) ~—(33)
Net gain (loss) from sale of
businesses 252 (10) ~— (20)
Misappropriation loss, net (9) (73) _
Income from equity-accounted
companies and other income
(expense), net (61) 44 (at)
Total 140 (111) (105)

“Other income (expense), net” primarily includes
certain restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses, gains and losses from sale of busi-
nesses and sale of property, plant and equipment,
recognized asset impairments, as well as our
share of income or loss from equity-accounted
companies.

In 2017, “Other income (expense), net” was an in-
come of $140 million compared to an expense of
$111 million in 2016. The change was mainly due to
$252 million net gains recorded in 2017 from sales
of businesses, primarily relating to the Cables
business. In 2017, we also recorded higher charges
in connection with certain legal claims (recorded
within other expense) and lower asset impair-
ments. The change compared to 2016 also reflects
that in 2016 we recorded the large misappropria-
tion loss described below.

In 2016, “Other income (expense), net” was an ex-
pense of $111 million compared to an expense of
$105 million in 2015. In 2016, we recorded lower
restructuring costs, higher gains on sale of prop-
erty, plant and equipment, and lower losses from
sale of businesses. In addition, higher asset im-
pairments negatively impacted Other income (ex-
pense), net in 2016. We also recorded a loss of
$73 million, net of expected insurance recoveries,
for the misappropriation of cash by the treasurer
of our subsidiary in South Korea, which was un-
covered in February 2017. In addition, in 2016,
other income included gains on certain foreign
currency derivatives entered into in connection
with the planned sale of the Cables business.


--- Page 27 ---

116

Income from operations

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

2016 compared to 2015. This was partially offset
by higher foreign exchange losses.

% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2017-2016
Electrification Provision for taxes
Products 1,349 1,091 1,247 24% ~—(13)%
Robotics and ——
Motion 1,035 1,034 1,058 0% ~— (2% ~—*(in millions) ou 20162015
Industrial Income from continuing
‘Automation veel «6 769~=Ct«TQ3. 2% — (3)% operations before taxes 3,231 2,799 2,840
Power Grids 797 830 554 (4)% «50% ‘Provision for taxes (860) (781) (788)
Operating Effective tax rate for the year 26.6% 27.9% 27.7%
divisions 3,963 3,724 3,652 6% 2%
Corporate and .
Other (535) (741)_(617) na. na (In 2017, the effective tax rate decreased from
Intersegment 27.9 percent to 26.6 percent. The distribution of
elimination 6 4 14 na. n.a. income within the group resulted in a higher
Total 3,434 2,987 3,049 15% (2)% | weighted-average global tax rate. In addition, the

In 2017 and 2016, changes in income from opera-
tions were a result of the factors discussed above
and in the divisional analysis below.

Net interest and other finance
expense

Net interest and other finance expense consists
of “Interest and dividend income” offset by “Inter-
est and other finance expense”.

“Interest and other finance expense” includes in-
terest expense on our debt, the amortization of
upfront transaction costs associated with
long-term debt and committed credit facilities,
commitment fees on credit facilities, foreign ex-
change gains and losses on financial items and
gains and losses on marketable securities. In ad-
dition, interest accrued relating to uncertain tax
positions is included within interest expense.

($ in millions) 2017. 2016 2015
Interest and dividend income 74 73 77
Interest and other finance

expense (277) (261) (286)
Net interest and other

finance expense (203) (188) (209)

In 2017, “Interest and other finance expense” in-
creased compared to 2016. Interest expense on is-
sued bonds and other outstanding borrowings
was lower than 2016 but was offset by higher in-
terest charges for uncertain tax positions.

In 2016, “Interest and other finance expense” de-
creased compared to 2015. Interest expense on
bonds and other debt was lower and interest
charges for uncertain tax positions were lower in

impact from changes to the interpretation of law
and double tax treaty agreements by competent
tax authorities increased the effective tax rate.
However, these were more than offset primarily
by the positive impact from non-taxable amounts
for the net gain from sale of businesses and the
net benefit from a change in tax rate.

In 2016, the effective tax rate increased to

27.9 percent from 27.7 percent. The distribution of
income within the group resulted in a lower
weighted-average global tax rate. Changes in the
valuation allowance in 2016 compared to 2015
lowered the effective tax rate, as did the impact
of the interpretation of tax law and double tax
treaty agreements by competent tax authorities.
However, these were offset by the negative im-
pacts of changes in enacted tax rates and lower
benefits arising from research and development
activities.

In 2015, the effective tax rate of 27.7 percent in-
cluded a net increase in valuation allowance of de-
ferred taxes of $57 million, as we determined it
was not more likely than not that such deferred
tax assets would be realized. In addition, we re-
corded a benefit of $50 million relating to tax
credits arising from research and development
activities and a charge of $74 million relating to
the interpretation of tax law and double tax treaty
agreements by competent tax authorities.

Income from continuing
operations, net of tax

As aresult of the factors discussed above, income
from continuing operations, net of tax, increased
by $353 million to $2,371 million in 2017 compared
to 2016, and decreased $34 million to $2,018 mil-
lion in 2016 compared to 2015.


--- Page 28 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 117

Income (loss) from discontinued
operations, net of tax

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
tax, for 2017, 2016 and 2015, was not significant.

Net income attributable to ABB

As aresult of the factors discussed above, net in-
come attributable to ABB increased by $314 mil-
lion to $2,213 million in 2017 compared to 2016,
and decreased by $34 million to $1,899 million in
2016 compared to 2015.

Earnings per share attributable
to ABB shareholders

(in $) 2017. 2016 2015
Basic 104 088 0.87
Diluted 1.03 087 0.87

Basic 104 088 0.87
Diluted 1.03 088 0.87
—

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing
income by the weighted-average number of
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earn-
ings per share is calculated by dividing income by
the weighted-average number of shares out-
standing during the year, assuming that all poten-
tially dilutive securities were exercised, if dilutive.
Potentially dilutive securities comprise: outstand-
ing written call options and outstanding options
and shares granted subject to certain conditions
under our share-based payment arrangements.
See “Note 20 Earnings per share” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements.

Divisional analysis

Electrification Products

Effective January 1, 2017, the Group reorganized
its four business divisions to bring together all
businesses relating to electrification of the con-
sumption points. In connection with this change,
the scope of the Electrification Products division
has been expanded to include the electric vehicle
charging, solar and power quality businesses
from the former Discrete Automation and Motion
division. The financial information for 2016 and
2015 has been recast to reflect these organiza-
tional changes.

The financial results of our Electrification Prod-
ucts division were as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2017 2016
Orders 10,143 9,780 10,610 4% (8)%
Third-party
base orders 9,559 9,242 9,758 3% (5)%
Order backlog
at December 31, 3,098 2,839 3,136 9% (9)%
Revenues 10,094 9,920 10,275 2% (3)%
Income from
operations 1,349 1,091 1,247 24% (13)%
Operational
EBITA 1,510 1,459 1,520 3% (4)%


--- Page 29 ---

118

Orders

The majority of the division’s orders are small
with short delivery times; orders are usually re-
corded and delivered within a three month period
and thus are generally considered as short-cycle.
The remainder of orders is comprised of smaller
projects that require longer lead times or larger
solutions requiring engineering and installation.
Substantially all of the division’s orders are com-
prised of base orders. In addition, approximately
half of the division’s orders are received via
third-party distributors; as a consequence,
end-customer market data is based partially on
management estimates.

In 2017, orders increased 4 percent (5 percent in lo-
cal currencies) with stronger order growth in the
second half of the year. Orders for products in-
creased throughout the division as end market de-
mand improved in utilities and construction, spe-
cifically non-residential construction. Increased
demand for low-voltage and medium-voltage solu-
tions was primarily driven by continued invest-
ments in light industries such as data centers as
well as food and beverage. Orders in the Power and
EV Infrastructure business increased driven by
large order intake for electric vehicle products and
systems, however the growth was partially offset
by decreases in demand for solar products and
systems.

In 2016, orders decreased by 8 percent (5 percent
in local currencies). Orders were impacted by
weak market conditions in the process industries
and in particular in the oil and gas sector, as
many EPC projects were delayed or cancelled.
This negatively affected the Medium Voltage
Products and Electrification Solutions busi-
nesses. Driven by construction and light indus-
tries, demand for our short-cycle products was
stable. Product demand was weaker in the Instal-
lation Products business, with lower orders from
both distributors and end-customer channels.
Orders in the Protection and Connection busi-
ness were lower as growth in OEM orders was
offset by weakened orders from end-customer
and distributor channels. Orders were higher in
the Building Products business, as lower order
levels from direct end-customers were more than
offset by increased orders through distributors.
Finally, orders in the Power and EV Infrastructure
business declined, driven by a decrease in orders
of customers in the solar industry.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

The geographic distribution of orders for our
Electrification Products division was as follows:

in %) 2017 2016 = 2015
Europe 37 37 34
The Americas 27 27 28
Asia, Middle East and Africa 36 36 38
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, relative order growth was similar in all re-
gions, leading to a stable regional distribution. In
Asia, Middle East and Africa, a positive order
trend was seen in China, Australia and India.

The European market performed well with order
growth across the majority of countries including
Germany, Turkey and Sweden. Growth in the
Americas was mainly supported by the United
States and Canada.

In 2016, the share of orders in Europe increased,
driven by growth in several countries, especially
Germany. In the Americas, the share of orders de-
creased slightly due to order declines in the re-
gion, particularly in the United States and Canada.
Asia, Middle East and Africa was relatively weak
primarily due to lower orders in China and Saudi
Arabia compared to 2015.

Order backlog

In 2017, the order backlog increased 9 percent

(5 percent in local currencies), with strong growth
in the Power and EV Infrastructure business, where
there was significant order intake for electric vehi-
cle fast-charging solutions.

In 2016, the order backlog decreased 9 percent
(6 percent in local currencies), primarily because
of a decreased backlog in the Medium Voltage
Products business, reflecting higher execution
levels of orders for Modular Systems and Primary
Switchgear. The backlog also decreased due to
lower orders received in the Power and EV Infra-
structure business.

Revenues

In 2017, revenues increased 2 percent (2 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2016. Revenues for
the Protection and Connection, Building Products
and Installation Products businesses increased,
driven by end-market demand in utilities and con-
struction, specifically non-residential construc-
tion. Across the division, revenue levels improved
both from distributors as well as some
end-customer channels. Revenues were lower in
the Medium Voltage Products and Power and EV
Infrastructure business as the opening order
backlog was lower coming into 2017, mainly re-
lated to the solar industry.


--- Page 30 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 119

In 2016, revenues decreased 3 percent (1 percent
in local currencies) compared to 2015 and were
mixed across the division. In local currencies, rev-
enues increased in the Medium Voltage Products
business as sales from Modular Systems more
than offset lower volume coming from Primary
Switchgear. The Building Products business also
increased revenues driven by distribution and
panel builder channels, which partially mitigated
the lower revenues from direct end-customers.
Revenues were lower in all other business units on
lower demand from the distribution and OEM
channels.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Electrification Products division was as follows:

(in %) 2017 2016 = 2015
Europe 37 36 34
The Americas 27 27 27
Asia, Middle East and Africa 36 37 39
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, the share of revenues from Europe in-
creased, supported by positive growth in Ger-
many. The share of revenues from the Americas
was stable supported by the United States, which
returned to growth. The relative share of revenues
from Asia, Middle East and Africa decreased
slightly despite China returning to growth and
mixed results in the Middle East.

In 2016, the share of revenues from Europe in-
creased. Growth stemmed from several countries,
especially Germany. The Americas maintained a
stable share of revenues, although in absolute
terms revenues decreased slightly. The lowered
share of revenues from Asia, Middle East and Af-
rica was driven by a reduced revenue volume from
China and the Middle East.

Income from operations

In 2017, income from operations increased 24 per-
cent mainly reflecting significantly lower warranty
costs than in 2016 when the division recorded sig-
nificant costs for a change in estimated warranty
liabilities for certain solar inverters designed and
sold by Power-One. Restructuring and restructur-
ing-related expenses in 2017 of $28 million were
$65 million lower than in 2016, partially because
we recorded a reversal of the previously recorded
estimated restructuring expenses in connection
with the White Collar Productivity program.
Acquisition-related amortization was lower in
2017 as certain intangibles from previous acquisi-
tions had been fully amortized. During 2017, we
also realized higher income due to the impact of
price increases in certain businesses and the ben-
efits from savings resulting from ongoing restruc-
turing and cost savings programs. Partially off-

setting these benefits was the impact of higher
commodity prices, which affected all businesses,
as well as the impacts from pricing pressures.
Changes in foreign currencies, including the
impacts from FX/commodity timing differences
summarized in the table below, positively im-
pacted income from operations by 3 percent.

In 2016, income from operations decreased

13 percent primarily due to the impact of the sig-
nificant warranty costs referred to above incurred
in 2016. These warranty costs amounted to

$151 million and were recorded as a charge to cost
of sales, recognizing a change in the estimated
warranty liability for these products. The majority
of the products were delivered to customers by
Power-One prior to the acquisition date in 2013.
Of this charge, $131 million related to the prod-
ucts sold by Power-One prior to the acquisition
and has been included as an adjustment, in the ta-
ble below, to determine the segment profit for the
division. In addition, lower gross margins were
mostly offset by reductions in selling, general and
administrative expenses resulting from ongoing
restructuring and cost savings programs, as well
as lower restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses. Furthermore, changes in foreign cur-
rencies, including the impacts from FX/commod-
ity timing differences summarized in the table be-
low, negatively impacted income from operations
by 3 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Electrification Products
division was as follows:

(Sin ns) 2017 2016 = 2015
Income from operations 1,349 1,091 = 1,247
Acquisition-related amortization 98 lal 133
Restructuring and

restructuring-related expenses” 28 93 133
Non-operational pension cost 3 3 @)
Changes in pre-acquisition

estimates 8 131 21

Acquisition-related expenses
and certain non-operational
items 44 8 4
FX/commodity timing
differences in income from
operations

Operational EBITA

12 (15)
1,520

w nount: clude
ation to the White Col

In 2017, Operational EBITA increased 3 percent

(4 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2016, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.


--- Page 31 ---

120

In 2016, Operational EBITA decreased 4 percent

(2 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2015, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.

Robotics and Motion

Effective January 1, 2017, the former Discrete Au-
tomation and Motion division was renamed as the
Robotics and Motion division. In connection with
this change, certain businesses were transferred
to the Electrification Products division including
EV charging, solar and power quality businesses.
The financial information for 2016 and 2015 has
been recast to reflect these organizational
changes.

The financial results of our Robotics and Motion
division were as follows:

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Orders in 2016 were 5 percent lower (3 percent
lower in local currencies) compared to 2015.
Third-party base orders were 3 percent lower
(flat in local currencies). Third-party base orders
were driven by increased demand for traction
solutions for transport customers but was offset
by the decline in orders from process industries,
in particular from oil and gas customers. The di-
vision benefited from strong large order intake
in the Robotics business and a particularly
strong order intake for traction solutions from
the rail industry.

The geographic distribution of orders for our Ro-
botics and Motion division was as follows:

(in %) 2017 2016 = =2015
Europe 35 37 35
The Americas 32 33 34
Asia, Middle East and Africa 33 30 31
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, the share of orders from Asia, Middle East

% Change and Africa increased on double-digit growth in
($ in millions) 2017. 2016 «42015 2017 2016 China but was somewhat tempered by lower or-
Orders 8,468 7,858 8,272 8% (5)% der growth from India, following the introduction
Third-party of both a new Goods and Services Tax and a new
base orders 7654 7,029 7,234 ou @Q% tariff regime for wind renewables. The Americas
eee 3,961 3,660 3,785 8% (2% performed well, with the U.S. market having in-
Revenues 8,401 7,906 8,188 6% (3)% creased demand for solutions for motors and
Income from drives.
operations 1,035 1,034 1,058 0% = (2)%
Operational In 2016, strengthened demand from Germany for
EBITA 11781223 1288 (4)% ©)% — Robotics helped the share of orders from Europe

to rise. The share of orders from the Americas fell

Orders mainly due to decreased demand from process

Orders in 2017 were 8 percent higher (8 percent in
local currencies). Third-party base orders in 2017
were 9 percent higher (9 percent in local curren-
cies). The third-party base order growth was
driven by increased demand for operational solu-
tions in process and discrete industries. Growth
was particularly strong in the Robotics business
with strong demand from general industry sectors
as well as demand for industry solutions such as
motors, generators and drives. Demand from the
automotive sector remained at a high level. Large
orders were received for transportation-related or-
ders and for robotics driven by ongoing invest-
ment in the automotive industry as well as invest-
ment by the electronics and semiconductor
industries. The division noted rising demand for
smaller robots and smaller-sized drives and motor
as solutions for light industries, such as food and
beverage, were in high demand. Orders from pro-
cess industries such as the oil, gas and mining sec-
tors stabilized.

customers, in particular oil and gas.

Order backlog

The order backlog in 2017 increased 8 percent

(1 percent in local currencies) compared to 2016.
In local currencies, the backlog improved in the
Motors and Generators business, while the back-
log in the Drives and Robotics businesses re-
mained stable.

The order backlog in 2016 declined 3 percent.
In local currencies, the order backlog was flat.
An improved backlog in the Robotics business
was offset by a weakened backlog in the Drives
and Motors and Generators businesses.

Revenues

In 2017, revenues were 6 percent higher compared
to 2016 (6 percent in local currencies). Revenues
were positively impacted by growth in deliveries
of robotics solutions for the automotive and gen-
eral industry sectors with stronger growth in the
second half of 2017, due to execution of the strong
order levels received in the first half of the year.


--- Page 32 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 121

Service revenues were higher as the division ser-
viced more of the installed base and as customers
demanded remote monitoring solutions such as
ABB Ability™.

In 2016, revenues decreased 3 percent (1 percent in
local currencies). Revenues were positively im-
pacted by demand for Robotics solutions for the
automotive and general industry sectors. This pos-
itive development was more than offset by lower
demand for Intelligent Motion™ solutions, particu-
larly in the process industries.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Robotics and Motion division was as follows:

(in %) 2017. 2016 = 2015
Europe 35 37 36
The Americas 33 33 34
Asia, Middle East and Africa 32 30 30
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, revenues grew in all regions. The relative
share of revenues from Europe declined despite
modest growth in the region, supported by Fin-
land, Switzerland and Italy. The share of revenues
from the Americas remained steady, supported by
growth in the United States and Canada but off-
set partially by lower revenues in Brazil. The share
of revenues from Asia, Middle East and Africa in-
creased supported by double-digit revenue
growth in China, especially in the Robotics busi-
ness. This reflects ongoing strong orders from
China.

In 2016, the geographical distribution of revenues
was similar to 2015. The share of revenues in Eu-
rope slightly increased due to the execution of a
strong order backlog, while the share of revenues
in the Americas decreased due to a decline in the
Motors and Generators business. The share of rev-
enues from Asia, Middle East and Africa remained
flat as higher revenues in the Robotics business
offset the decline in the Drives and the Motors
and Generators businesses.

Income from operations

In 2017, income from operations was stable. In-
come from operations benefited from positive
impacts of cost reduction efforts in all busi-
nesses, including cost savings from the White Col-
lar Productivity program. In addition, increased
volumes, especially in the Robotics business, con-
tributed positively. Income from operations also
reflected the positive impact of lower amortiza-
tion of intangible assets as certain acquired in-
tangible assets were fully amortized. These posi-
tive effects were offset by negative impacts
including increased commodity prices and the im-
pact of low capacity utilization in the Motors and

Generators business. The division also was im-
pacted by project losses recorded in the turnkey
full train retrofit business. Changes in foreign cur-
rencies, including the impacts from FX/commod-
ity timing differences summarized in the table be-
low, negatively impacted income from operations
by 1 percent.

Lower revenues and capacity underutilization re-
duced income from operations in the division by
2 percent in 2016 compared to 2015. A strong per-
formance from the Robotics business plus de-
creased restructuring and restructuring-related
expenses relative to 2015 proved insufficient to
outweigh decreased activity levels in the other
business units. Changes in foreign currencies, in-
cluding the impacts from FX/commodity timing
differences summarized in the table below, nega-
tively impacted income from operations by

3 percent.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Robotics and Motion di-
vision was as follows:

2017 2016 =—.2015
Income from operations 1,035 1,034 1,058
Acquisition-related amortization 66 94 96
Restructuring and restructuring-
related expenses” 64 69 11
Non-operational pension cost 2 2 3

Acquisition-related expenses
and certain non-operational

items 2 18 26
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations 9 6 ©
Operational EBITA 1,223 1,288

> include th nentatic

In 2017, Operational EBITA decreased 4 percent
(4 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due
to the reasons described under “Income from op-
erations”, excluding the explanations related

to the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2016, Operational EBITA decreased 5 percent
(3 percent excluding the impact from changes in
foreign currency exchange rates) primarily due
to the reasons described under “Income from op-
erations”, excluding the explanations related

to the reconciling items in the table above.

Industrial Automation

Effective January 1, 2017, the former Process Auto-
mation division was renamed as the Industrial Au-
tomation division. The results of B&R, acquired in


--- Page 33 ---

122

July 2017, have been included in the Industrial Auto-
mation division since the acquisition date.

The financial results of our Industrial Automation
division were as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2017 2016
Orders 6,554 5,991 7,398 9% — (19)%
Third-party
base orders 5,776 5,200 5,576 11%  (7)%
Order backlog
at December 31, 5,376 5,409 6,199 (1)% — (13)%
Revenues 6,880 6654 7,219 3% — (8)%
Income from
operations 782-769-793 2% — (3)%
Operational
EBITA 953 897 977 6% _(8)%
Orders

Orders in 2017 increased 9 percent (9 percent in
local currencies) primarily reflecting the impact of
the B&R acquisition which contributed 7 percent
to order growth. Large orders as a percent of to-
tal orders was 10 percent, similar to 2016, show-
ing the continued low level of large capital expen-
diture projects in some end-markets including oil
and gas, and mining. The market benefited from
selective investment in cruise ships and specialty
vessels in 2017. Market demand for maintenance
activities and other discretionary investments im-
proved, in particular for oil, gas and chemical cus-
tomers. Demand for factory automation solutions
continued to be positive. In 2017, third-party base
orders improved 11 percent (11 percent in local
currencies), in particular in the Measurement and
Analytics and Process Industries businesses,
aided by selective capital expenditure invest-
ments in mining. Demand for ABB Ability™ solu-
tions and services also contributed to the positive
third-party base order development.

Orders in 2016 declined 19 percent (16 percent in
local currencies) compared with 2015. Orders
were lower in most Industrial Automation busi-
nesses, primarily driven by lower expenditures in
the process end-markets, oil and gas, mining and
metals, as well as in parts of the marine business.
Customers continued to defer capital expendi-
tures for both onshore and offshore oil invest-
ments while low commodity prices affected min-
ing companies. Large orders as a percent of
divisional revenues were 9 percent compared to
23 percent in 2015. In 2016, third-party base or-
ders declined 7 percent (4 percent in local curren-
cies) as customers deferred service activities and
reduced their spare parts inventories.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

The geographic distribution of orders for our In-
dustrial Automation division was as follows:

in %) 2017 2016 = 2015
Europe 42 42 39
The Americas 23 a1 22
Asia, Middle East and Africa 35 37 39
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, the share of orders from the Americas in-
creased helped by strong base order development
in the U.S., mainly in the Measurement and Analyt-
ics business. In 2017, Europe maintained its share
of orders as impacts from weakness in the large
German market were offset from the impacts of
the inclusion of B&R, for which Europe is currently
the largest market. The share of orders from the
Asia, Middle East and Africa region declined as
the region had only moderate growth due mainly
to weak demand in China.

In 2016, orders declined in all regions. Orders in
Europe declined less than other regions, thus in-
creasing the geographic share of orders from Eu-
rope. The volume in Europe was supported by or-
ders from marine industries, specifically for
specialty vessels like cruise ships and ice-going
vessels. The share of orders from the Americas fell
slightly with order declines in Canada, the U.S.
and Chile, where the Process Industries business
was affected by low capital expenditure in mining
due to low demand from China for raw materials.
In the Asia, Middle East and Africa region, orders
were lower in the Marine and Ports business due
to weak demand for oil and gas related vessels
and the lack of infrastructure projects from

the ports business. In addition, the Oil, Gas and
Chemicals business and the Process Industries
business suffered from the lack of large orders in
this geographic area.

Order backlog

Order backlog at December 31, 2017 was 1 percent
lower (8 percent in local currencies) than at De-
cember 31, 2016. Although the division saw some
stabilization in demand, shown by a lower decline
than in 2016, the market environment remained
difficult and political uncertainty weakened confi-
dence in key markets.

Order backlog at December 31, 2016 was 13 per-
cent lower (11 percent in local currencies) than at
December 31, 2015. The lower backlog was a result
of the lower order intake during the year and the
continued execution from the existing backlog.

Revenues

In 2017, revenues increased 3 percent (3 percent in
local currencies) compared with 2016 due to the
acquisition of B&R, which contributed 6 percent


--- Page 34 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 123

to revenue growth. The majority of the division’s
other businesses recorded lower revenues as the
project business units suffered from weaker
opening order backlog and the market environ-
ment dampened the book-to-bill ratio. However,
revenues were higher in the Measurement and An-
alytics and Turbocharging businesses. During the
year, the division realized higher revenues from
faster turning orders in short-cycle businesses
which reduced the impact of the lower order
backlog at the beginning of 2017.

In 2016, revenues declined 8 percent (5 percent in
local currencies) compared with the previous year.
The largest decline was in the Process Industries
business due to the lower opening order backlog
and the continued low level of order activity from
the mining and metals sector. A continued lack of
orders from the oil and gas industry negatively
impacted revenues in the Oil, Gas and Chemicals
business. The overall decrease in revenues was
mitigated by some stabilization in the Marine and
Ports business which was supported by a strong
opening order backlog for ice-going and cruise
vessels. Revenues were also steady in the Power
Generation business due to solid execution from
the order backlog. Of the product businesses,
Control Technologies had revenue levels similar to
the previous year, but the Measurement and Ana-
lytics and Turbocharging businesses were slightly
lower due to lower order intake.

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Industrial Automation division was as follows:

(in %) 20172016 2015
Europe —~—~—~C~=“‘s~S~*~::::::::SSSC“‘SOO!*C*CS
The Americas 20 22 24
Asia, Middle East and Africa 38 41 41

Total 100 100 100

In 2017, revenues continued to decline in the
Americas and in Asia, Middle East and Africa while
Europe benefited from the inclusion of B&R as
well as higher revenues from the Marine and Ports
business. In the Americas region, revenues were
higher in the U.S., especially in the Measurement
and Analytics, and Turbocharging businesses,
though were offset by revenue declines in other
countries in the region.

In 2016, revenues declined in the Americas and in
Asia, Middle East and Africa, while Europe was
stable. This resulted in an increase in the share of
revenues from Europe. Except for the Marine and
Ports business, revenues in the Americas declined
in all businesses, especially the Oil, Gas and
Chemicals, Process Industries and Measurement
and Analytics businesses. Revenues in Asia, Mid-
dle East and Africa were especially impacted by

the weak demand from the Process Industries
business, particularly mining.

Income from operations

In 2017, income from operations increased 2 per-
cent compared to 2016. The inclusion of B&R re-
duced income from operations by 4 percent
driven by the related charges for amortization of
intangible assets and the higher charges in cost
of sales resulting from recording the opening bal-
ance of inventory at fair value. Offsetting this
was the impact from changes in foreign curren-
cies, including the impacts from changes in FX/
commodity timing differences summarized in the
table below which, combined, positively im-
pacted income from operations by 5 percent. Re-
structuring and restructuring-related expenses in
2017 of $87 million were $8 million higher than in
2016. Restructuring expenses recorded for the
White Collar Productivity program were $58 mil-
lion lower compared to 2016 because 2017 in-
cluded a net reversal of $22 million of estimated
amounts recorded in previous years. This benefit
was more than offset by an increased amount of
restructuring expenses for specific initiatives to
align the cost structure and footprint of the oper-
ations to reflect changing market conditions. Ex-
cluding these impacts, higher income from oper-
ations reflects an improved mix, ongoing
progress in the division’s rationalization efforts
and benefits secured from the implementation of
the White Collar Productivity program.

In 2016, income from operations decreased 3 per-
cent compared with 2015. Operating margins
were maintained as the division reduced overhead
costs, removing organizational costs at the local
division level and downsizing operations in areas
with low order backlog and low market demand.
Key actions included closing warehouses and con-
solidating operations to fewer locations, but
mainly included reducing the number of person-
nel. Restructuring programs were implemented in
all businesses due to a continued weak market
outlook. Overall, the number of employees in the
Industrial Automation division was reduced by
approximately 1,300 during 2016. However, as rev-
enues declined by 8 percent, the aforementioned
actions were not enough to maintain previous
year level of income from operations. In addition,
changes in foreign currencies, including the im-
pacts from FX/commodity timing differences
summarized in the table below, negatively im-
pacted income from operations by 3 percent.


--- Page 35 ---

124

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of Income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Industrial Automation
division was as follows:

($ in millions) 2017. 2016 =—_2015
Income from operations 782 769 793
Acquisition-related amortization 47 11 12
Restructuring and

restructuring-related expenses” 87 79 135
Non-operational pension cost 7 2 6
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses (2) — —

Acquisition-related expenses
and certain non-operational

items 52 9 14
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations (20) 27 17

Operational EBITA 953 897 977

In 2017, Operational EBITA increased 6 percent

(5 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2016. The change
is due to the reasons described under “Income
from operations”, excluding the explanations re-
lated to the reconciling items in the table above.
The acquisition of B&R increased Operational
EBITA by 5 percent after consideration of the re-
lated adjustments in the table above relating to
that business.

In 2016, Operational EBITA decreased 8 percent

(6 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2015, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.

Power Grids

In 2017, we divested our high-voltage cable and
cables accessories businesses which were previ-
ously part of the Power Grids division. The finan-
cial results relating to these divested businesses
have been reclassified to Corporate and Other for
all periods presented.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

The financial results of our Power Grids division
were as follows:

% Change
($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015 2017 = 2016
Orders 9,600 10,844 11,425 (11)%  (5)%
Third-party
base orders 7,421 7,268 7,492 2% = (3)%
Order
backlog at
December 31, 11,330 11,638 11,707 (3)% = (1)%
Revenues 10,394 10,660 11,245 (2)%  (5)%
Income from
operations 797 830 554 (4)% 50%
Operational
EBITA 972 998 810 (3)% ~— 23%
Orders

In 2017, orders decreased 11 percent (11 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2016. The decrease
mainly reflects fewer large orders from India and
China as the demand for ultra-high voltage trans-
mission projects in those markets was lower than
in the previous year. Consequently, large orders
as a percentage of total orders was 18 percent,

11 percentage points lower than in 2016. Signifi-
cant large orders awarded in 2017 included an or-
der for $290 million from National Grid and Ré-
seau de Transport d'Electricité (RTE), the British
and French grid operators, to provide HVDC tech-
nology that will help interconnect the electricity
networks of France and the United Kingdom, a
$137 million order relating to the Hinkley Point C
nuclear power station in the United Kingdom and
a $71 million traction substations order in connec-
tion with the Bangkok metro project. Third-party
base orders increased 2 percent (2 percent in local
currencies), driven by continued investment into
renewables, ongoing electrification of society and
the increasing complexity and digitization of the
grid (the energy revolution) as well as growing de-
mand from the industry sector. Geographically,
the increase in third-party base orders was driven
by the Americas and the Asia, Middle East and
Africa regions which more than offset a slight de-
cline in Europe. Through the Power Up transforma-
tion program, the Power Grids division is refocus-
ing its business model on solutions and services to
improve grid control and automation. Conse-
quently, service orders grew 10 percent (9 percent
in local currencies) with growth in all business
units. In addition, demand continued to grow for
digital solutions, specifically for ABB Ability™ dig-
ital substations, ABB Ability™ grid control sys-
tems, energy storage and service solutions.

In 2016, orders decreased 5 percent (2 percent in
local currencies) compared to 2015, due to general
macro-economic uncertainty which led to a reduc-
tion in spending by utilities and sluggishness in
certain geographic markets such as Saudi Arabia


--- Page 36 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 125

and the U.S. The lower pull-through of orders from
other ABB divisions, primarily the Industrial Auto-
mation division, reduced orders by 3 percent.
Large orders as a percentage of total orders were
29 percent, 2 percent above 2015 levels. Large
orders in 2016 included a $640 million UHVDC
transmission link in India and two UHVDC orders
for China, each worth more than $300 million. In
2016, third-party base orders decreased 3 percent
(steady in local currencies) with order growth in
the Grid Automation, Grid Integration and High
Voltage Products businesses offset by
market-driven base order weakness in the Trans-
formers business. Service orders decreased 2 per-
cent (flat in local currencies) as increases in the
Grid Automation service business were offset by
the other businesses.

The geographic distribution of orders for our
Power Grids division was as follows:

(in %) 2017. 2016 = 2015
Europe 31 24 32
The Americas 30 28 29
Asia, Middle East and Africa 39 48 39
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, the share of orders in Europe increased
from 24 percent to 31 percent, mainly due to the
impact of large orders in the United Kingdom as
described above. In 2016, ABB received several
large HVDC orders from China and India, resulting
in a high percentage of orders from the Asia, Mid-
dle East and Africa region in that year. The de-
crease in large orders in Asia, Middle East and Af-
rica during 2017 was not offset by the increase in
third-party base orders in the region. As a result,
the proportion of orders from the Asia, Middle
East and Africa region in 2017 reverted back toa
similar level as 2015. Positive base order develop-
ment in the Americas supported the increase in the
share of orders from the region, with base orders
in the U.S. and Brazil returning to growth.

In 2016, the share of orders from Asia, Middle East
and Africa increased from 39 percent to 48 per-
cent, supported by exceptional order intake in
China and India. The share of orders from the
Americas declined slightly as both the U.S. and
Brazilian markets saw challenging market condi-
tions as the presidential election in the U.S. anda
political corruption crisis in Brazil affected order
decisions of large utility customers. The share of
orders from Europe decreased to 24 percent,
compared with 32 percent in 2015, mainly due to
the high amount of large orders received from Eu-
rope in 2015.

Order backlog

Order backlog at December 31, 2017, decreased by
3 percent (8 percent in local currencies). In 2017,
the transmission market experienced decreased
activity and the division realized fewer large order
opportunities compared to the prior year. Addi-
tionally, the strategic repositioning of the busi-
ness through the Power Up program and the exit
from certain business activities also reduced or-
der opportunities, particularly for large EPC proj-
ects. The growth in base orders did not offset the
decline in large orders, resulting in a decreased
order backlog.

Order backlog at December 31, 2016, decreased

1 percent (increased 3 percent in local currencies).
The local currency increase in the order backlog
was mainly driven by the Transformers business,
resulting from a significantly higher share of large
orders with long lead times.

Revenues

Revenues in 2017 decreased 2 percent (3 percent
in local currencies) compared with 2016. Reve-
nues were impacted by a low opening order
backlog and the timing of execution of orders
which were not offset by stronger short-cycle or-
ders, specifically in the Grid Automation and Grid
Integration businesses. Lower revenues in the
Grid Integration business reflects the exit from
certain business activities, as well as the
de-risking and strategic repositioning of this
business. Revenues in the Transformers business
were flat, on steady execution of the order back-
log. Service revenues grew by 3 percent (1 per-
cent in local currencies) as a result of the contin-
ued focus on the service business.

Revenues in 2016 decreased 5 percent (3 percent
in local currencies) compared with 2015. The reve-
nue volume in 2016 mainly reflected the scheduled
execution of the order backlog. The revenue de-
crease was mainly attributable to the Grid Inte-
gration business as revenues were negatively im-
pacted by the exit from the EPC Solar business
and the wind-down of the plant electrification
business. In addition, the Grid Integration busi-
ness revenues were lower due to a strong compa-
rable in 2015 from the offshore wind projects
which were either finalized or nearing completion.
A lower level of revenues in the Transformers busi-
ness primarily resulted from order weakness in
the U.S. Service revenues increased 4 percent

(6 percent in local currencies) compared with
2015.


--- Page 37 ---

126

The geographic distribution of revenues for our
Power Grids division was as follows:

(in %) 2017 2016 =. 2015
Europe 30 28 30
The Americas 29 30 31
Asia, Middle East and Africa 41 42 39
Total 100 100 100

In 2017, the large portion of revenues generated
from Asia, Middle East and Africa was supported
by the increase in the share of orders from Asia,
Middle East and Africa in 2016. The share of reve-
nues in Europe increased due to solid execution of
the order backlog. As a result of these develop-
ments the relative share of revenues from the
Americas decreased to 29 percent.

In 2016, the share of revenues from Asia, Middle
East and Africa increased to 42 percent, sup-
ported by significantly higher revenues from the
Transformer business in China. The share of reve-
nues from Europe decreased to 28 percent, mainly
due to a lower level of revenues from the Grid Inte-
gration business, related to lower revenues in the
offshore wind projects described above. The share
of revenues from the Americas was lower, mainly
driven by lower volumes from the U.S. and Brazil.

Income from operations

In 2017, income from operations was $797 million,
compared with $830 million in the prior year. In
2017, income from operations was impacted by
charges recorded in the EPC business to account
for project-related penalties and to reflect the de-
crease in realized profitability of certain long-
term contracts. This was partially offset by the
impact of higher gross margins despite lower rev-
enue levels. Margin improvements were driven by
continued productivity improvements, cost sav-
ings and improved project execution. In 2017, the
division increased the amounts spent for sales
and research and development under the

Power Up transformation program, resulting in
increased expenses compared to the prior year.
This program commenced at the end of 2016 and
aims to accelerate the transformation of the
Power Grids division, driving higher margins and
revenue growth. Restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses in 2017 of $80 mil-
lion were $21 million lower than in 2016, as we re-
corded a reversal of the previously recorded esti-
mated restructuring expenses in connection with
the White Collar Productivity program. This was
partially offset by higher restructuring ongoing
expenses which relate to footprint changes and
capacity adjustments. Acquisition-related ex-
penses and certain non-operational items in-
creased to $79 million, primarily driven by the
charges recorded for certain legal claims as well as

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

a portion of the costs relating to the Power Up pro-
gram. Income from operations also benefited from
changes in foreign currencies, including changes in
FX/commodity timing differences in income from
operations, which, combined, increased the
division’s income from operations by 4 percent
compared to the prior year.

In 2016, income from operations increased by
$276 million to $830 million compared with

$554 million in 2015. The impact from lower reve-
nues was more than offset by a higher gross
margin, driven by solid project execution, im-
proved productivity and continued cost savings.
For 2016, the division also had lower research
and development expenses. Restructuring and
restructuring-related expenses in 2016 of

$101 million were $58 million lower than in 2015
and included additional charges for the White Col-
lar Productivity program, as well as initiatives to
align the cost structure and footprint of certain
operations to reflect changing market conditions.
Acquisition-related amortization in 2016 was
lower compared to 2015. In addition, changes in
foreign currencies, including the changes in FX/
commodity timing differences in income from op-
erations decreased the division’s income from
operations by 6 percent compared to 2015.

Operational EBITA

The reconciliation of income from operations to
Operational EBITA for the Power Grids division
was as follows:

($ in millions) 2017 2016 ~—-2015
Income from operations 797-830 554
Acquisition-related amortization 36 35 52
Restructuring and

restructuring-related expenses” 80 101 159
Non-operational pension cost 3 (2) 3
Gains and losses on sale of

businesses - - 24
Acquisition-related expenses

and certain non-operational

items 79 20 wv
FX/commodity timing

differences in income from

operations (23) 14 1
Operational EBITA 972-998 810

w nount: rclude

ation to the Whit
In 2017, Operational EBITA decreased 3 percent

(3 percent excluding the impacts from changes in
foreign currencies) compared to 2016, primarily
due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to

the reconciling items in the table above.

In 2016, Operational EBITA increased 23 percent
(25 percent excluding the impacts from changes
in foreign currencies) compared to 2015, primarily


--- Page 38 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 127

due to the reasons described under “Income from
operations”, excluding the explanations related to
the reconciling items in the table above.

Corporate and Other

Income (loss) from operations for Corporate and
Other was as follows:

($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015
Corporate headquarters and

stewardship (374) (380) (355)
Corporate research and

development (128) (133) (144)
Corporate real estate 45 47 50
Net gain (loss) from sale of

businesses 250 (10) 4
White Collar Productivity

program costs (107) (199) (130)
Misappropriation loss, net (9) (73) =
Divested businesses (129) 36 (10)
Other (83) (29) (32)
Total Corporate and Other (535) (741) (617)

In 2017, the net loss from operations within Cor-
porate and Other was $535 million, a decrease of
$206 million compared to 2016. The decrease was
primarily due to the recognition of the gain for
the sale of the cables businesses and lower re-
structuring and implementation costs related to
While Collar Productivity program. In 2016, the net
loss from operations was higher than in 2015 pri-
marily due to higher costs related to the White
Collar Productivity program and the misappropri-
ation loss described below.

Corporate headquarter and stewardship costs
were $374 million in 2017, slightly lower than

the $380 million reported in 2016, primarily due to
the costs in 2016 associated with the new ABB
branding and cost related to the Next Level Strat-
egy program. This also is the reason that corpo-
rate headquarters and stewardship costs in-
creased in 2016 compared to 2015.

Corporate real estate primarily includes income
from property rentals and gains from the sale of
real estate properties. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, in-
come from operations in Corporate real estate in-
cluded gains from the sale of real estate proper-
ties of $28 million, $33 million and $26 million,
respectively.

The net gain recorded from sale of businesses in
2017 related to the sales of the cables businesses
and the Oil & Gas EPC business.

In 2017, ABB recorded a total of $107 million in
Corporate and Other for both restructuring and
related expenses as well as program implementa-

tion costs for the White Collar Productivity pro-
gram. In 2016 and 2015, costs incurred in connec-
tion with this program amounted to $199 million
and $130 million, respectively. These costs relate
mainly to employee severance costs and both ex-
ternal and internal costs relating to the execution
of the program. For further information on the
White Collar Productivity program see “Restruc-
turing and other cost savings initiatives” below.

In 2016, we recorded a loss of $73 million, net of
expected insurance recoveries, for the misappro-
priation of cash by the treasurer of our subsidiary
in South Korea. In 2017, additional losses of $9 mil-
lion were recorded.

The historical results of operations for certain di-
vested businesses are presented in Corporate and
Other. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, this primarily in-
cludes the income and loss from operations of the
cables businesses, which were disposed in March
2017 and the Oil & Gas EPC business, which was
transferred to a new joint venture with Arkad in
December 2017. The amount in 2017 also includes
charges of $94 million for changes (after divest-
ment) in the amount recorded for certain retained
liabilities associated with the divested cables
businesses.

“Other” consists of operational costs of our Global
Treasury Operations, operating income or loss in
other non-core businesses and certain other
charges such as costs and penalties associated
with legal cases, environmental expenses and im-
pairment charges related to investments. “Other”
costs were higher in 2017 as compared to 2016 as
the costs a year earlier included the impact of a re-
duction in certain insurance-related provisions for
self-insured risks offset by amounts recorded for
certain pension curtailment costs. In 2015, “Other”
also included a reduction of insurance-related pro-
visions for self-insured risks.

Restructuring and other cost
savings initiatives

White Collar Productivity program

In September 2015, we announced a two-year pro-
gram aimed at making ABB leaner, faster and
more customer-focused. Productivity improve-
ments include the rapid expansion and use of re-
gional shared service centers as well as the
streamlining of global operations and head office
functions, with business units moving closer to
their respective key markets. In the course of this
program, we implemented and executed various
restructuring initiatives across all operating
segments and regions. As of December 31, 2017,



--- Page 39 ---

128 04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

ABB has incurred substantially all costs related to
the White Collar Productivity program.

The program was originally expected to generate
cost savings of approximately $1.0 billion and be
realized from 2016 and increasing through the end
of 2017. During 2016, we re-assessed the expected
amount of cost savings and increased the ex-
pected total annual rate of cost savings from the
program by 30 percent to approximately $1.3 bil-
lion. The program's final cost savings realized
amount to approximately $1.4 billion. During 2017,
cost savings of approximately $0.5 bil
alized. These savings are primarily being realized
as reductions in cost of sales, selling, general and

jon were re-

administrative expenses and non-order related
research and development expenses.

The following table outlines the costs incurred in
2017, 2016 and 2015 and the cumulative amount of
costs incurred under the program.

‘Cumulative
costs
incurred up to
December 31,

Costs incurre

($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015” 20170
Electrification

Products (17) 15 74 T2
Robotics and

Motion (14) 26 44 56
Industrial

Automation (22) 36 96 110
Power Grids (38) 33 70 65
Corporate and

Other (34) 30 86 82
Total (125) 140370 385

During the course of the restructuring program to-
tal expected costs were reduced mainly due to the
realization of significantly higher than originally
expected attrition and internal redeployment
rates. The reductions were made across all operat-
ing divisions as well as for corporate functions.

In 2017, net restructuring reversals of $125 million
was recorded mainly due to higher than expected
rates of attrition and internal redeployment.

In 2016, net restructuring costs of $140 million
were recorded based on the anticipated number
of personnel to be impacted by the program and
a country-specific average severance cost per

person. Various functions including marketing
and sales, supply chain management, research
and development, engineering, service, and cer-
tain other support functions were impacted in
various phases commencing in 2015 and continu-
ing in 2016 and in 2017.

In 2017 and 2016, we experienced a significantly
higher than expected rate of attrition and
redeployment and a lower than expected sever-
ance cost per employee for the employee groups
affected by the restructuring programs initiated
in 2015 and 2016. As a result, in 2017, we adjusted
the amount of our estimated liability for restruc-
turing which was recorded in 2016 and 2015. This
change in estimate of $164 million during 2017 re-
sulted in a reduction primarily in cost of sales of
$90 million and in selling, general and administra-
tive expenses of $63 million in the year. In 2016,
we adjusted the amount of our estimated liability
for restructuring which was recorded in 2015. This
change in estimate of $103 million during 2016 re-
sulted in a reduction primarily in cost of sales of
$49 million and in selling, general and administra-
tive expenses of $38 million for the year.

At December 31, 2017, we have substantially com-
pleted the White Collar Productivity program and
incurred total restructuring charges of $385 mil-

lion under this program.

The majority of the remaining cash outlays, pri-
marily for employee severance benefits, are ex-
pected to occur in 2018. We expect that our cash
flow from operating activities will be sufficient to
cover any obligations under this restructuring
program.

For details of the nature of the costs incurred and
their impact on the Consolidated Financial State-
ments, see “Note 22 Restructuring and related ex-
penses” to our Consolidated Financial State-
ments.

Other restructuring-related activities and cost
savings initiatives

In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we also executed other
restructuring-related and cost saving measures
to sustainably reduce our costs and protect our
profitability. Costs associated with these other
measures amounted to $249 million, $171 million
and $256 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respec-
tively.


--- Page 40 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 129

Liquidity and capital resources

Principal sources of funding

We meet our liquidity needs principally using cash
from operations, proceeds from the issuance of
debt instruments (bonds and commercial paper),
and short-term bank borrowings.

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, our financial position
was strengthened by the positive cash flow from
operating activities of $3,799 million, $3,843 mil-
lion and $3,818 million, respectively.

Our net debt is shown in the table below:

December 31,

($ in millions) 2017 2016
Short-term debt

and current maturities of long-term debt 738 1,003
Long-term debt 6,709 5,800

Cash and equivalents
Marketable securities
and short-term investments

Net debt
(defined as the sum of the above lines)

(4,526) (3,644)

(1,102) (1,953)

1,819 1,206

Net debt at December 31, 2017, increased $613 mil-
lion compared to December 31, 2016, as cash flows
from operating activities during 2017 of $3,799 mil-
lion was more than offset by cash outflows for
acquisitions of businesses (primarily B&R)

($2,130 million), the dividend payment to our
shareholders ($1,635 million), net purchases of
property, plant and equipment and intangible as-
sets ($883 million) and amounts paid to purchase
treasury stock ($251 million). Other significant
transactions affecting our liquidity included the is-
suance of treasury shares for $163 million and pay-
ments of dividends to noncontrolling shareholders
of $127 million. Movements in foreign exchange
rates increased net debt by approximately $54 mil-
lion. See “Financial position”, “Investing activities”
and “Financing activities” for further details.

Our Group Treasury Operations is responsible for
providing a range of treasury management ser-
vices to our group companies, including investing
cash in excess of current business requirements.
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the proportion of
our aggregate “Cash and equivalents” and “Mar-
ketable securities and short-term investments”
managed by our Group Treasury Operations
amounted to approximately 49 percent and

57 percent, respectively.

Throughout 2017 and 2016, the investment strat-
egy for cash (in excess of current business

requirements) has generally been to invest in
short-term time deposits with maturities of less
than 3 months, supplemented at times by invest-
ments in corporate commercial paper, money mar-
ket funds, and in some cases, government securi-
ties. During 2017 and 2016, we also continued to
place limited funds in connection with reverse re-
purchase agreements. We actively monitor credit
risk in our investment portfolio and hedging activi-
ties. Credit risk exposures are controlled in accor-
dance with policies approved by our senior man-
agement to identify, measure, monitor and control
credit risks. We closely monitor developments in
the credit markets and make appropriate changes
to our investment policy as deemed necessary. The
rating criteria we require for our counterparts have
remained unchanged during 2017 (compared to
2016) as follows: a minimum rating of A/A2 for our
banking counterparts (with limited exceptions),
while the minimum required rating for investments
in short-term corporate commercial paper is
A-1/P-1. In addition to rating criteria, we have spe-
cific investment parameters and approved instru-
ments as well as restrictions on the types of in-
vestments we make. These parameters are closely
monitored on an ongoing basis and amended as
we consider necessary.

Our cash is held in various currencies around the
world. Approximately 35 percent of our cash and
cash equivalents held at December 31, 2017, was in
U.S. dollars, while other significant amounts were
held in Chinese renminbi (23 percent), euro (17 per-
cent) and Indian rupee (5 percent).

We believe the cash flows generated from our busi-
ness, supplemented, when necessary, through ac-
cess to the capital markets (including short-term
commercial paper) and our credit facilities are suf-
ficient to support business operations, capital ex-
penditures, business acquisitions, the payment of
dividends to shareholders and contributions to
pension plans. Consequently, we believe that our
ability to obtain funding from these sources will
continue to provide the cash flows necessary to
satisfy our working capital and capital expenditure
requirements, as well as meet our debt repay-
ments and other financial commitments for the
next twelve months. See “Disclosures about con-
tractual obligations and commitments”.

Due to the nature of our operations, our cash flow
from operations generally tends to be weaker in
the first half of the year than in the second half of
the year.


--- Page 41 ---

130

Debt and interest rates
Total outstanding debt was as follows:

December 31,

($ in millions) 2017 2016
Short-term debt and
current maturities of long-term debt 738 1,003
Long-term debt
Bonds 6,487 5,660
Other long-term debt 222 140
Total debt 7,447 6,803

The decrease in short-term debt in 2017 was due
to the repayment at maturity of both our USD
500 million 1.625% Notes and our AUD 400 million
4.25% Notes. This was partially offset by the re-
classification of our CHF 350 million 1.5% Bonds
due in 2018. In addition, we increased the amount
of issued commercial paper ($259 million out-
standing at December 31, 2017, compared to

$57 million outstanding at December 31, 2016).

Our debt has been obtained in a range of curren-
cies and maturities and on various interest rate
terms. For certain of our debt obligations, we
use derivatives to manage the fixed interest rate
exposure. For example, we use interest rate
swaps to effectively convert fixed rate debt into
floating rate liabilities. After considering the ef-
fects of interest rate swaps, the effective aver-
age interest rate on our floating rate long-term
debt (including current maturities) of $3,213 mil-
lion and our fixed rate long-term debt (including
current maturities) of $3,907 million was 0.6 per-
cent and 3.5 percent, respectively. This compares
with an effective rate of 1.3 percent for floating
rate long-term debt of $1,745 million and 2.9 per-
cent for fixed rate long-term debt of $4,923 mil-
lion at December 31, 2016.

For a discussion of our use of derivatives to mod-
ify the interest characteristics of certain of our in-
dividual bond issuances, see “Note 12 Debt” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Credit facility

During 2016 we exercised our second and final op-
tion to extend the maturity of our $2 billion multi-
currency revolving credit facility from 2020 to 2021.

No amount was drawn under the credit facility at
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The facility is avail-
able for general corporate purposes. The facility
contains cross-default clauses whereby an event
of default would occur if we were to default on in-
debtedness, as defined in the facility, at or above
a specified threshold.

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

The credit facility does not contain financial cove-
nants that would restrict our ability to pay divi-
dends or raise additional funds in the capital mar-
kets. For further details of the credit facility, see
“Note 12 Debt” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Commercial paper

At December 31, 2017, we had two commercial pa-

per programs in place:

+ a $2 billion commercial paper program for the
private placement of U.S. dollar denominated
commercial paper in the United States, and

+ a $2 billion Euro-commercial paper program for
the issuance of commercial paper in a variety of
currencies.

At December 31, 2017, $259 million was outstand-
ing under the $2 billion program in the United
States, compared to $57 million outstanding at
December 31, 2016.

No amount was outstanding under the $2 billion
Euro-commercial paper program at December 31,
2017 and 2016.

European program for the
issuance of debt

The European program for the issuance of debt al-
lows the issuance of up to the equivalent of $8 bil-
lion in certain debt instruments. The terms of the
program do not obligate any third party to extend
credit to us and the terms and possibility of issu-
ing any debt under the program are determined
with respect to, and as of the date of issuance of,
each debt instrument. During 2017, we issued

EUR 750 million 0.75% Notes, due 2024, and
during 2016, we issued EUR 700 million 0.625%
Notes, due 2023, under the program. At Decem-
ber 31, 2017, three bonds (principal amount of
EUR 1,250 million, due in 2019, principal amount of
EUR 700 million, due in 2023 and principal amount
of EUR 750 million, due in 2024) having a combined
carrying amount of $3,216 million, were outstand-
ing under the program. At December 31, 2016, two
bonds (principal amount of EUR 1,250 million, due
in 2019, and principal amount of EUR 700 million,
due in 2023) having a combined carrying amount
of $2,043 million, were outstanding under the
program.


--- Page 42 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 131

Australian program for the
issuance of debt

During 2012, we set up a program for the issuance
of up to AUD 1 billion (equivalent to $779 million,
using December 31, 2017, exchange rates) of
medium-term notes and other debt instruments.
The terms of the program do not obligate any
third party to extend credit to us and the terms
and possibility of issuing any debt under the pro-
gram are determined with respect to, and as of
the date of issuance of, each debt instrument. No
amount was outstanding under this program at
December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2016, one
bond, having a principal amount of AUD 400 mil-
lion, which matured in 2017, was outstanding un-
der the program. The carrying amount of the
bond at December 31, 2016, was $291 million.

Credit ratings

Credit ratings are assessments by the rating
agencies of the credit risk associated with ABB
and are based on information provided by us or
other sources that the rating agencies consider
reliable. Higher ratings generally result in lower
borrowing costs and increased access to capital
markets. Our ratings are of “investment grade”
which is defined as Baa3 (or above) from Moody’s
and BBB- (or above) from Standard & Poor’s.

At both December 31, 2017 and 2016, our
long-term debt was rated A2 by Moody’s
and A by Standard & Poor’s.

Limitations on transfers of
funds

Currency and other local regulatory limitations re-
lated to the transfer of funds exist in a number of
countries where we operate, including: China,
Egypt, India, Indonesia, South Korea, Malaysia,
Russian Federation, Taiwan, Thailand and Turkey.
Funds, other than regular dividends, fees or loan
repayments, cannot be readily transferred offshore
from these countries and are therefore deposited
and used for working capital needs in those coun-
tries. In addition, there are certain countries where,
for tax reasons, it is not considered optimal to
transfer the cash offshore. As a consequence,
these funds are not available within our Group
Treasury Operations to meet short-term cash obli-
gations outside the relevant country. The above
described funds are reported as cash in our Con-
solidated Balance Sheets, but we do not consider
these funds immediately available for the repay-
ment of debt outside the respective countries
where the cash is situated, including those de-
scribed above. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the
balance of “Cash and equivalents” and “Marketable
securities and other short-term investments” un-
der such limitations (either regulatory or
sub-optimal from a tax perspective) totaled ap-
proximately $2,222 million and $1,737 million, re-
spectively.

During 2017 we continued to direct our subsidiar-
ies in countries with restrictions to place such
cash with our core banks or investment grade
banks, in order to minimize credit risk on such
cash positions. We continue to closely monitor
the situation to ensure bank counterparty risks
are minimized.


--- Page 43 ---

132

Financial position

Balance sheets

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

December 31,

($ in millions) 2017 2016 % Change
Current liabilities
December 31
. Accounts payable, trade 5,419 4,446 22%
(in ns) 2017 2016 % Change —_—__—
Billings in excess of sales 1,251 1,241 1%
Current assets
= Short-term debt and
Cash and equivalents 4,526 3,644 24% Current maturities of
Marketable securities long-term debt 738 1,003 (26)%
and short-term ‘Advances from
investments 1,102 1,953 (44)% customers 1,367 1,398 (2%
Receivables, net 10,416 9,696 7% — brovisions for
Inventories, net 5,059 4,347 16% warranties 1,231 1,142 8%
Prepaid expenses 189 176 7% Other provisions 1,882 1,765 T%
Other current assets 647 688 (6)% — Other current liabilities 4,385 3,936 11%
Assets held for sale > 548 n.a. Liabilities held for sale - 218 na.
Total current assets 21,939 21,052 4% — Total current lial 16,273 15,149 1%

For a discussion on cash and equivalents, see sec-
tions “Liquidity and Capital Resources-Principal
sources of funding” and “Cash flows” for further
details.

Marketable securities and short-term investments
decreased in 2017 as the amount of excess liquid-
ity available for investments was reduced as
funds were needed for acquisitions of businesses.
The reduction resulted primarily in lower amounts
deposited with banks with fixed deposit terms
over three months and lower investments in
money market funds (see “Cash flows-Investing
activities”, below, and “Note 4 Cash and equiva-
lents, marketable securities and short-term in-
vestments” to our Consolidated Financial State-
ments).

Receivables increased 7 percent (2 percent in local
currencies). The increase was primarily due to the
impact of the acquisition of B&R. For details on
the components of Receivables, see “Note 7 Re-
ceivables, net” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Inventories increased 16 percent (6 percent in lo-
cal currencies). The increase in inventory was pri-
marily due to the impact of the B&R acquisition
but also due to a planned increase of inventories
to deliver against expected growth in certain
product businesses.

Accounts payable increased 22 percent (14 per-
cent in local currencies) primarily as a result of
continuing efforts to negotiate extended pay-
ment terms with suppliers.

The decrease in Short-term debt and current ma-
turities of long-term debt was primarily due to the
repayment at maturity of both the USD 500 million
and AUD 400 million bonds partially offset by in-
creases in the U.S. commercial paper program of
$202 million and the reclassification to short-term
debt of $391 million, mainly from the CHF 350 mil-
lion bond.

Advances from customers decreased 2 percent

(9 percent in local currencies) due to the impact of
lower level of advances received on orders, espe-
cially in the Transformers business, which was
partially offset by the increase in advances re-
ceived in the Robotics and Drives businesses.

Provisions for warranties increased 8 percent (de-
creased 1 percent in local currencies), primarily
due to a decrease in warranty expenses in the so-
lar business offset by the acquisition of B&R.

Other provisions increased 7 percent (flat in local
currencies) as higher contract-related provisions
were offset by lower restructuring provisions in
local currencies.

The increase in Other current liabilities of 11 per-
cent (5 percent in local currencies) was primarily
due to increases in non-trade payables and in-
come tax payable partially offset by lower deriva-
tive liabilities.


--- Page 44 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 133

December 31,

($ in millions) 2017 2016 % Change
Non-current assets

Property, plant and

equipment, net 5,363 4,743 13%
Goodwill 11,199 9,501 18%
Other intangible

assets, net 2,622 1,996 31%
Prepaid pension and

other employee benefits 144 90 60%
Investments in equity-

accounted companies 158 170 (7)%
Deferred taxes 1,250 1,118 12%
Other non-current

assets 587 532 10%
Total non-current

assets 21,323 18,150 17%

In 2017, Property, plant and equipment increased
13 percent (6 percent in local currencies) partly
due to the acquisition of B&R and also due to the
investment in a new robotics factory in the U.S.
and the ongoing investment in the Xiamen hub in
China.

movement. For additional information, see “Note
17 Employee benefits” to our Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements.

The increase in Deferred taxes was primarily due
to the deferred taxes recorded from the acquisi-
tion of B&R.

For a breakdown of other non-current liabilities,
see “Note 13 Other provisions, other current liabil-
ities and other non-current liabilities” to our Con-
solidated Financial Statements.

Cash flows
In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
the effects of discontinued operations are not

segregated.

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows can
be summarized as follows:

In 2017, Goodwill increased 18 percent (14 percent ($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015
in local currencies) due primarily to the acquisi- Net cash provided
tion of B&R. by operating activities 3,799 3,843 3,818
Net cash used

. . . in investing activities (1,450) (1,305) (974)

Other intangible assets increased 31 percent
: ; vn P Net cash used
(27 percent in local currencies) primarily due to in financing activities (1,735) (3,355) (3,380)
the addition of intangibles related to the acquisi- Effects of exchange rate
tion of B&R, partially offset by the impact of changes on cash and equivalents 268 (104) (342)
amortization of intangibles in 2017. For additional | Net change incash
inf ti int jbl t “Note 11 and equivalents-continuing
information on intangible assets see “Note operations gs2 (921) (878)
Goodwill and other intangible assets” to our Con-
solidated Financial Statements.
Operating activities
December 31,

($ in millions) 2017 2016 %Change —($ in millions) 2017. 2016 = 2015
Non-current liab' Net income 2,365 2,034 2,055
Long-term debt 6,709 5,800 16% Depreciation and amortization 1101 1,135 1,160
Pension and other Total adjustments to reconcile
employee benefits 1,882 1,834 3% net income to net cash provided
Deferred taxes 1,099 918 20% — by operating activities
Other non-current (excluding depreciation and
liabilities 1950 1,604 22% amortization) (385) 15)
Total non-current Total changes in operating
liabilities Aileso) 10,156 15% assets and liabilities 718 673 658

Long-term debt increased 16 percent of which
7 percentage points were due to movements in
foreign exchange rates. The remaining change
was due primarily to the issuance of the new
EUR 750 million bond for the proceeds of

$824 million, offset by the reclassification to
short-term debt of $391 million mainly from the
CHF 350 million bond. See “Liquidity and Capital
Resources-Debt and interest rates” for informa-
tion on long-term debt.

The increase in Pension and other employee bene-
fits was primarily due to foreign exchange rate

Net cash provided by

operating activities 3,799 3,843 3,818

Operating activities in 2017 provided net cash of
$3,799 million, a decrease from 2016 of 1 percent
as lower cash-effective net income (net income
adjusted for depreciation, amortization and other
non-cash items) was mostly offset by the cash ef-
fects of stronger net working capital manage-
ment. Working capital improvements included

a significant increase in trade and non-trade pay-
ables, resulting from continuing company-wide
efforts to extend payment terms with suppliers.
Partially offsetting these benefits were cash


--- Page 45 ---

134

outflows resulting from higher inventories and
trade receivables. In addition, the timing of in-
come tax payments positively impacted cash pro-
vided by operating activities.

Operating activities in 2016 provided net cash of
$3,843 million, an increase from 2015 of 1 percent
as Net income was steady and net working capital
improvements continued to contribute to positive
cash flows. Net working capital management im-
provements included a reduction of inventories
and a significant increase in trade payables, re-
sulting from focused efforts to extend payment
terms with suppliers. The timing of income tax
payments also improved cash provided by operat-
ing activities. These benefits were offset by im-
pacts from lower advances from customers. In ad-
dition, cash flows from operating activities was
negatively impacted by the misappropriation of
$103 million in cash by the treasurer of our subsid-
iary in South Korea.

Investing activities

¢ ns)
Purchases of marketable
securities (available-for-sale)

Purchases of short-term
investments

2017 2016 =. 2015

(312) (1,214) (1,925)

(393) (3,092) (614)

Purchases of property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets
Acquisition of businesses (net of
cash acquired) and increases in
cost- and equity-accounted
companies

(949) (831) —(876)

(2,130) (26) (56)
Proceeds from sales of
marketable securities
(available-for-sale)

Proceeds from maturity of
marketable securities
(available-for-sale)

Proceeds from short-term
investments

Proceeds from sales of property,
plant and equipment

Proceeds from sales of
businesses (net of transaction
costs and cash disposed) and
cost- and equity-accounted
companies

514 1,057 434

100 539 1,022

945 2,241 653

66 61 68

607 () 69
Net cash from settlement of
foreign currency derivatives
Other investing activities

Net cash used i

investing ac

63
39

231
20

(57)
18

(1,450) (1,305) (974)
Net cash used in investing activities in 2017 was
$1,450 million, compared to $1,305 million in 2016.
Cash used to fund acquisitions of businesses (pri-
marily B&R) was significantly higher than in 2016 but
was partially offset by sales of marketable securi-
ties and short-term investments as well as the pro-
ceeds received from sales of businesses (primarily
the high-voltage cables and cable accessories busi-
nesses). In addition, changes in the impacts from

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

derivative cash flows classified as investing activi-
ties reduced cash used in investing activities by
$120 million. These cash flows primarily result from
the maturity and settlement of derivatives that are
in place to hedge foreign currency exposures on in-
ternal subsidiary funding and the amount of the set-
tlement results from movements in foreign currency
exchange rates throughout the year. We also had
higher purchases of property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets due to higher investments in
information technology assets as well as specific in-
vestments in facilities in the United States and
China.

Net cash used in investing activities in 2016 was
$1,305 million, compared to $974 million in 2015.
The change was primarily due to the change in the
cash impacts from derivative cash flows classi-
fied as investing activities as in 2016 we had net
outflows of $57 million, compared to inflows of
$231 million in 2015, on settlement of foreign cur-
rency derivatives relating to investing activities.

Total cash disbursements for the purchase of
property, plant and equipment and intangible as-
sets were lower in 2016 compared to 2015. The
change was primarily due to movements in for-
eign exchange rates and an increase in the
amount of unpaid purchases.

The following presents purchases of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles by signifi-
cant asset category:

($ in millions) 2017 2016 2015
Construction in process 672595 568
Purchase of machinery and

equipment 155 168 200
Purchase of land and buildings 44 28 50
Purchase of intangible assets 78 40 58
Purchases of property,

plant and equipment and

intangible assets 949 831 876

In 2017, we decreased the amount of our excess li-
quidity invested in marketable securities and
short-term investments as funds were needed for
acquisitions of businesses while in 2016 and 2015,
we increased the amounts invested in marketable
securities and short-term investments. Market-
able securities and short-term investments at De-
cember 31, 2017, consisted primarily of fixed-term
deposits with banks, available-for-sale debt secu-
rities as well as amounts placed in reverse repur-
chase agreements. At December 31, 2016, amounts
were placed primarily in fixed-term deposits with
banks and in short-term money market funds. At
December 31, 2015, amounts were placed primar-
ily in short-term money market funds and corpo-
rate commercial paper. The net decrease in in-
vestments during 2017 resulted in an inflow of


--- Page 46 ---

04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP 135

$854 million while in 2016 and 2015, the net in-
crease in investments resulted in outflows of
$469 million and $430 million, respectively.

In 2017, acquisitions of businesses primarily rep-
resents the purchase of B&R, which was acquired
in July, while proceeds from sales of businesses
primarily represents the divestment of the
high-voltage cables business. In 2016 and 2015,
there were no significant acquisitions or divest-
ments of businesses.

Financing activities

(gin ions) 2017 2016 2015
Net changes in debt with

maturities of 90 days or less 207 (152) 3
Increase in debt 921 912 68
Repayment of debt (1,007) (1,249) (101)
Delivery of shares 163 192 107
Purchase of treasury stock (251) (1,299) (1,487)
Dividends paid (1,635) — (1,357)
Reduction in nominal value of

common shares paid to

shareholders — (1,610) (392)
Dividends paid

to noncontrolling shareholders (127) (22) (137)

Other financing activities © (7) (84)
Net cash used i
financing activities

(1,735) (3,355) (3,380)

Our financing activities primarily include debt
transactions (both from the issuance of debt se-
curities and borrowings directly from banks),
share transactions and payments of distributions
to controlling and noncontrolling shareholders.

In 2017, the net cash inflow for debt with matur-
ities of 90 days or less primarily related to an in-
crease of $202 million in borrowings outstanding
under our commercial paper program in the U.S.
In 2016, the net cash outflow related primarily toa
reduction of $75 million in the amount outstand-
ing under our commercial paper program in the
U.S. and net repayments of short-term borrow-
ings in various countries.

In 2017, the increase in debt was due primarily to
the issuance of our EUR 750 million 0.75% Notes
due 2024 (equal to $824 million at date of issu-
ance). In 2016, the increase in debt was due pri-
marily to the issuance of our EUR 700 million

0.625% Notes due 2023 (equal to $807 million at
date of issuance). In 2015, increases in other debt
included cash flows from additional borrowings in
various countries.

During 2017, $1,007 million of debt was repaid, re-
flecting primarily the repayment at maturity of
both the USD 500 million 1.625% Notes and the
AUD 400 million 4.25% Notes (in total equivalent
to $803 million at dates of repayment). During
2016, $1,249 million of debt was repaid, reflecting
primarily the repayment at maturity of the USD
600 million 2.5% Notes and CHF 500 million 1.25%
Bonds (in total equivalent to $1,106 million at
dates of repayment). In 2015 repayment of debt
reflects repayments of borrowings in various
countries.

In 2017, “Purchase of treasury stock” reflects the
cash paid to purchase 10 million of our own shares
on the open market. In 2016 and 2015, the amount
reflects the cash paid to purchase 65 million and
73 million, respectively, of our own shares in con-
nection with the share buyback program which
was announced in September 2014 and completed
in September 2016. For additional information on
the share buyback program see “Note 19 Stock-
holders’ equity” to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Disclosures about contractual
obligations and commitments

The contractual obligations presented in the table
below represent our estimates of future pay-
ments under fixed contractual obligations and
commitments. The amounts in the table may dif-
fer from those reported in our Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheet at December 31, 2017. Changes in our
business needs, cancellation provisions and
changes in interest rates, as well as actions by
third parties and other factors, may cause these
estimates to change. Therefore, our actual pay-
ments in future periods may vary from those pre-
sented in the table. The following table summa-
rizes certain of our contractual obligations and
principal and interest payments under our debt
instruments, leases and purchase obligations at
December 31, 2017.


--- Page 47 ---

136 04 FINANCIAL REVIEW OF ABB GROUP

Less More
than 1-3 3-5 than
($ in millions) Total 1year years years Syears
Payments due b'
period
Long-term debt
obligations 6,953 378 1,558 2,532 2,485
Interest

payments related
to long-term debt

obligations 1,370 191 328 192 659

Operating lease

obligations 1,516 390 541 315 270
Capital lease

obligations 292 48 71 46 127
Purchase

obligations 4,967 4,104 685 156 22
Total 15,098 5,111 3,183 3,241 3,563

Capital lease obligations represent the total cash
be made in the futu t expense of $116 mr

and include inte

$2 million.

In the table above, the long-term debt obligations
reflect the cash amounts to be repaid upon matu-
rity of those debt obligations. The cash obliga-
tions above will differ from the long-term debt
balance reflected in “Note 12 Debt” to our Consoli-
dated Financial Statements due to the impacts of
fair value hedge accounting adjustments and pre-
miums or discounts on certain debt. In addition,
capital lease obligations are shown separately in
the table above while they are combined with
long-term debt amounts in our Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheets.

We have determined the interest payments re-
lated to long-term debt obligations by reference
to the payments due under the terms of our debt
obligations at the time such obligations were in-
curred. However, we use interest rate swaps to
modify the interest characteristics of certain of
our debt obligations. The net effect of these
swaps may be to increase or decrease the actual
amount of our cash interest payment obligations,
which may differ from those stated in the above
table. For further details on our debt obligations
and the related hedges, see “Note 12 Debt” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Of the total of $1,230 million unrecognized tax
benefits (net of deferred tax assets) at Decem-
ber 31, 2017, it is expected that $32 million will be
paid within less than a year. However, we cannot
make a reasonably reliable estimate as to the re-
lated future payments for the remaining amount.

Off balance sheet arrangements

Commercial commitments

We disclose the maximum potential exposure of
certain guarantees, as well as possible recourse
provisions that may allow us to recover from third
parties amounts paid out under such guarantees.
The maximum potential exposure does not allow
any discounting of our assessment of actual expo-
sure under the guarantees. The information below
reflects our maximum potential exposure under
the guarantees, which is higher than our assess-
ment of the expected exposure.

Guarantees

The following table provides quantitative data re-
garding our third-party guarantees. The maximum
potential payments represent a worst-case sce-
nario, and do not reflect our expected outcomes.

December 31, Maximum potential payments
($ in millions) 2017 2016
Performance guarantees 1,775 193
Financial guarantees 17 69
Indemnification guarantees 72 71
Total 1,864 333

The carrying amounts of liabilities recorded in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets in respect of the
above guarantees were not significant at Decem-
ber 31, 2017 and 2016, and reflect our best esti-
mate of future payments, which we may incur as
part of fulfilling our guarantee obligations.

In addition, in the normal course of bidding for
and executing certain projects, we have entered
into standby letters of credit, bid/performance
bonds and surety bonds (collectively “perfor-
mance bonds”) with various financial institutions.
Customers can draw on such performance bonds
in the event that the Company does not fulfill its
contractual obligations. ABB would then have an
obligation to reimburse the financial institution
for amounts paid under the performance bonds.
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the total out-
standing performance bonds aggregated to

$7.7 billion and $7.9 billion, respectively. There
have been no significant amounts reimbursed to
financial institutions under these types of ar-
rangements in 2017, 2016 and 2015.

For additional descriptions of our performance,
financial and indemnification guarantees see
“Note 15 Commitments and contingencies” to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.
