

--- Page 1 ---

Introduction to the Group
History

1.1. History

@ Acquisitions

10 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017

1857

1932

1944

1953

1954

1967

1968

1972

1972

1973

1975

1975

1978

1981

1988

1991-93

1994

1994

1994-96

1995

1997-98

1997-98

2000

2001

© organic growth @ innovations

Creation of a tin-plating workshop in
Selongey in the Burgundy region, France

First hand-crank food mill by Moulinex

The company takes the name S.E.B.
(Société d’'Emboutissage de Bourgogne)

Launch of the Super Cocotte pressure
cooker, which was to give rise to the Seb
brand

The first Tefal non-stick pan and the first
Calor steam iron

Seb invents the odorless electric fryer
Acquisition of Tefal and its European
subsidiaries (Germany, Belgium,
Denmark, Netherlands, Italy)

Acquisition of Calor

Opening of subsidiaries in England
and the US

Creation of Groupe SEB

Initial public offering of SEB S.A.
Opening of a subsidiary in Japan
First Tefal raclette grill

First Calor electronic iron

Acquisition of the German company,
Rowenta

Opening of subsidiaries: Mexico, Poland,
the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary,
Turkey, Canada, and Portugal

Seb Clipso pressure cooker with innovative
opening mechanism

Dymbo vacuum cleaner by Rowenta

Further international expansion (Russia, United
Arab Emirates, Brazil and Argentina)

Pots and pans with Ingenio removable
handles by Tefal

Opening of subsidiaries in Australia
and South Korea

Acquisitions of the Brazilian company,
Arno, and the Colombian company,
Volmo (Samurai brand)

Thermospot by Tefal (heat indicator
integrated in the nonstick surface)

Moulinex-Krups takeover

2003-04

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2016

2016

2017

2017

2017

Further development in Asia
(Thailand and Malaysia)

Acquisition of All-Clad, a high-end
cookware specialist in the United States

Repelente anti-mosquito fan by Arno

Acauisitions of the Brazilian company,
Panex, and the Italian company, Lagostina

Actifry, “low-fat” fryer with only a spoonful of oil

Acquisition of a majority shareholding
in the Chinese company, Supor

Silence Force vacuum cleaner by Rowenta

Acquisitions of Imusa in Colombia
and Asia Fan in Vietnam

Acquisition of a majority shareholding in the
Indian company, Maharaja Whiteline

Creation of the SEB Alliance
investment fund

Acquisition of an additional 20% capital
interest in Supor

Cookeo multicooker by Moulinex,
Freemove cordless iron, and Steampod,
the professional hair-straightening solution,
in partnership with L’Oréal

Cuisine Companion, the first cooking food
processor by Moulinex and Optigrill, the
intelligent grill

Cookeo Connect, the connected version of
Cookeo

Acquisition of the Scandinavian company,
OBH Nordica

Capital stake in Supor increased to 81%

Acquisition in Germany of EMSA, the
kitchen utensil and accessory specialist

Acquisition of WMF, the world leader in
professional automatic coffee machines
and leader in cookware in Germany

Acquisition of the Swiss company,
Swizzz Prozzz, which specializes in
mini hand choppers

Air Force 360, the all-in-one cordless
handstick vacuum cleaner

Body Partner by Tefal, the connected
bathroom scales


--- Page 2 ---

1.2. Business sector

Introduction to the Group

Business sector

THE SMALL DOMESTIC EQUIPMENT MARKET

Groupe SEB has forged over the years a leadership position and
aworld reference status in Small Domestic Equipment. This sector
covers cookware and small electrical appliances, accounting
respectively for approximately 30% and 70% of its sales (excluding
professional coffee).

The global Small Domestic Equipment market is divided into
many distinct national and regional markets with their own local
consumer cooking, eating and product utilization habits. It also
lacks comprehensive coverage by research panels (primarily GFK)
or other market research bodies. This at times makes it difficult to
reconcile industry figures (inclusion of new categories or geographic
segments, for example) in order to produce a global picture. Based
on the latest available statistics and Group estimates, the size of the
market addressed is currently estimated at approximately €40 billion
for small electrical appliances and €22 billion for cookware and
kitchen utensils.

& The small electrical appliances market targeted by Groupe SEB
includes several segments varying considerably in size, and ranked
below according to their overall weighting:

= electrical cooking: rice cookers, electrical pressure cookers,
multicookers, toasters, deep fryers, grills and barbecues,
sandwich-makers, table-top ovens, induction hobs, etc.;

= beverage preparation: kettles, coffee makers (filter and pod,
espresso machines);

= food preparation: blenders, kitchen machines, heating/cooking
food processors, beaters, mixers, citrus squeezers and juicers,
etc.;

= linen care: ironing (dry and steam irons, steam generators and
garment steamers), semi-automatic washing machines, etc.;

@ personal care: hair care appliances (hairdryers, blow-drying
hairstylers, hair straighteners), hair trimmers, depilators,
bathroom scales. The Group does not operate in the dental care
or men’s shaving segments which are accordingly excluded from
its target market;

= home care: vacuum cleaners;
= home comfort: fans, heaters, air treatment appliances.

Groupe SEB has built a global reference position in the small
electrical appliance market that it addresses. This position is based
on number one rankings in several categories, top-tier positions in
others, and a reinforced presence in new product families.

§ The cookware and kitchen utensil market breaks down more
or less evenly between the two segments. For cookware (mainly
frying pans, saucepans, pressure cookers, bakeware and oven
dishes) Groupe SEB is the undisputed leader and is continuing to

expand its product offering by regularly introducing new materials.
The kitchen utensil and accessories market includes, for example,
spatulas, ladles, skimmers, kitchen knives, vacuum flasks and
mugs, food storage boxes and containers, etc. By combining
sustained organic growth and a strategy of industry consolidation
exemplified by the recent acquisitions of Swizzz Prozzz, EMSA and
WMF, Groupe SEB now ranks among the top five global players
in this segment. However, its share of this highly fragmented but
extremely promising market remains limited.

At worldwide level and from a long-term perspective, the Small
Domestic Equipment sector has demonstrated its resilience during
periods of crisis and solid development within a neutral or positive
economic environment. This performance reflects the combined
impact of various factors:

@ global consumption trends driven by a growing interest in health and
wellbeing, encouraging the development of “home-made” products;

@ moderate but steady growth in most mature markets, with a high
installed base though unevenly spread across product families,
responsiveness to innovation, a robust replacement market and
a trading up trend reflecting demand for higher status products.
At the same time, the entry-level segment, driven by demand for
basic, low-priced products, has remained steady;

overall solid but more volatile growth in emerging markets,
according to the general environment and events. These markets
are experiencing strong demand from first-time buyers and their
buoyant growth is fueled by rising consumption stemming from the
greater purchasing power of a booming middle class, increasing
urbanization and the development of modern retail channels,
particularly e-commerce;

@ the co-existence of “global” products addressing universal needs
or easy to tailor on a country scale with a product offering adapted
to the specific lifestyles and consumption habits (particularly in
relation to food) in local markets;

@ an average sale price of around €50 for a small electrical appliance
in Europe, for example, largely affordable by the general public
and requiring no credit or a limited use of credit. Sales are further
boosted by in-store or online traffic, driven by promotional
campaigns within a very competitive market environment;

@ strong seasonality, shared by all market players, largely linked to
the high percentage of products sold during holiday periods or
for special events (back to school, Christmas, Chinese New Year,
Singles’ Day, Black Friday, etc.);

strong contributions for many years from products and solutions
developed in partnership with major consumer goods players, as
for example in the case of single-serve coffee making.

1

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 34 |


--- Page 3 ---

Introduction to the Group

Business sector

On top of these specific moves, changes in distribution are playing a
crucial role in the emergence of new consumer purchasing behavior:
the rapid development in many countries - mature and emerging —
of alternative distribution networks, in particular e-commerce, has
profoundly transformed the market, boosting online sales (particularly
for small electrical appliances), sometimes to the detriment of retail

MULTIPLE FORMS OF COMPETITION

In a global context, the very nature of the Small Domestic Equipment
market requires a strategy that is both global and local in order to
effectively address the expectations of consumers around the globe.
The expansion of international brands, which can in some cases
be marketed under strong local/regional brands in their domestic
market, falls in line with this two-pronged approach and combines
the benefits of both economies of scale and solid positions in local
markets. On this basis, Groupe SEB is the only player boasting such
broad international reach, supported by a portfolio containing a
wealth of global brands and brands with local leadership positions.
This gives it a strategic advantage versus a very disparate range of
competitors consisting of:

@ large global groups (with, for some of them, only a marginal
exposure to the small electrical appliance sector). Philips and
Electrolux, for example, have a diversified product offering and
a huge international presence. These two players are joined by
Spectrum Brands and Conair, which mainly roll out their product
ranges in Europe and the US, while Bosch-Siemens and Braun
(P&G) are principally active in Europe. De Longhi completes the
list: this major player in coffee and food preparation is expanding
its sectoral and international presence;

major cookware manufacturers marketing a broad product
range internationally, such as the US group Meyer, and the German
companies Fissler and Zwilling-Staub;

@ numerous international players in the highly fragmented kitchen
utensils market, including Tupperware, Rubbermaid (Newell
Brands), Ikea, Oxo (Helen of Troy), Thermos and Lifetime Brands;

@ groups or companies operating primarily in their domestic
market or a small number of reference markets: Magimix,
Taurus, Imetec, Severin, in particular, in several European countries;

THE PROFESSIONAL COFFEE MARKET

The acquisition of WMF has represented a great opportunity for
Groupe SEB to enter the highly attractive market of professional
automatic coffee machines for hotels, restaurants, cafés, bakeries
and convenience stores.

On a professional coffee machine market worth nearly €8 billion
globally (source: Estin & Co.), Groupe SEB has thus penetrated a
very specific segment: fully automatic machines, which represent
approximately 25% of the total market (including equipment and

banners with a physical presence. As a result, growth in this market is
currently being broadly driven by e-commerce: major online specialists
(pure players like Amazon, Tmall, JD.com, Nova Pontocom, etc.) as
well as the websites of initially “physical” retailers (“bricks-and-mortar”
retailers).

Arcelik in Turkey; Bork and Polaris in Russia; Newell Brands, which
mainly addresses North America, Hamilton Beach Brands and
SharkNinja on the American continent; Mallory, Mondial, Britania
and Tramontina (cookware) in South America; and Panasonic in
Asia;

local competitors, notably in booming Asian emerging markets
(China, India and Indonesia), driven by buoyant domestic markets
and, in the case of China, by growth in exports, both regionally
(particularly South-East Asia) and worldwide. In China, the Group's
main competitors are Midea and Joyoung for small kitchen electrics
and ASD for cookware;

specialists concentrating on one or two product segments: in small
electrical appliances with innovative technologies, for example
Dyson and iRobot, or with high-end positioning, such as Vorwerk
and Jura; and in cookware, for example the French company Le
Creuset, which specializes in cast iron cookware;

private labels or white label goods in large part focused on
aggressively priced entry-level products from Chinese sub-
contractors which, however, have a market share that is weak
overall in terms of small electrical appliances. Conversely, in
cookware, the Group’s main competitors internationally are often
private labels;

finally, certain companies’ activities and brands are present in
both B2B and consumer segments, as in the cases of Kitchen
Aid (Whirlpool), Magimix (Robot-Coupe), Jura, and Vorwerk, for
example.

Generally speaking, in both small electrical appliances and cookware,
competition is intense and has been reinforced by additional pressure
on prices exerted by retailers in order to maintain or boost traffic in
stores in response to strong momentum in on-line sales.

services), and whose sales are driven by rapid growth in out-of-home
consumption of speciality and premium coffees.

The Group has positioned itself as the undisputed global leader in this
high concentrated market segment through two brands, WMF and
Schaerer. Franke, Thermoplan and Melitta are also global benchmark
players, alongside more minor groups in this segment but with a strong
presence in other categories (La Cimbali, Rancilio through the Egro
brand, and Jura).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 4 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

1.3. A profitable growth strategy

On the one hand, Groupe SEB’s expansion is based on a strategy
of steady growth, driven by a strong product innovation policy, a
global presence, an unrivaled brand portfolio within the industry and
a capacity to work with all distribution channels. On the other hand,

it relies on a constant search for competitiveness, which is achieved 1

via a complete manufacturing base and a rigorous and responsible
purchasing policy.

A STRONG PRODUCT INNOVATION DYNAMIC

Innovation is firmly rooted in the Group's values and is one of its most
powerful development and differentiation drivers. It gives the Group
the leading edge required to stay ahead of the competition and fight
commoditization. The Group uses innovation to offer new products,
designs, or differentiated marketing approaches. This provides real
added value for consumers, allowing Groupe SEB to stand out in an
effective way and thus strengthen its positioning and conquer new
markets.

A LONG-TIME COMMITMENT

The Group's history is one of continual innovations and breakthroughs
incorporating unique concepts, new features and ingenious
discoveries. These innovations have been reflected in tangible
advances in the everyday life of consumers. Iconic products, such as
the Seb pressure cooker or the Moulinex hand-crank food mill, paved
the way for the first electrical appliances in the 1950s and 1960s:
irons, coffee grinders, the Charlotte and Marie multi-purpose food
processors, etc. The design of products making everyday life easier
and eliminating tedious tasks continued to develop at a faster pace in
the 1960s and 1970s with new steam irons, vacuum cleaners, kitchen
machines and the launch by Seb of odorless deep fryers. The 1970s
and 1980s marked the arrival of more sophisticated functions with the
introduction of electronically enhanced products: bathroom scales,
programmable coffee machines, etc. This era also saw the emergence
of new lifestyles, reflected in the launch of informal meal appliances
such as the raclette grill and home espresso coffee makers. In the
decade from 1990 to 2000, both Groupe SEB and Moulinex brought
new simplicity to the world of small electrical appliances, including
pressure cookers with simplified closing mechanisms, removable
handles for frying pans and saucepans, compact vacuum cleaners
with triangular-shaped heads, coffee makers incorporating doser-
grinders, frying pans with a visual heat indicator, food processors
including storage systems, etc.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 13 |

The 2000s marked a new acceleration in the product offering renewal
process through:

@ the Group’s first partnerships, developed from 2006 onwards
with leading food industry operators, which gave it access to new
product categories, such as pod coffee machines and home beer-
tapping machines;

the introduction of several innovative products, in response to
new consumer expectations (nutrition and health, home-made,
convenience, well-being, etc.), often leading to major commercial
success: the Actifry fryer with only a spoonful of oil; the Silence
Force Cyclonic 4AAAA and Silence Force Extreme vacuum cleaners,
which combine power with very low noise levels; silent fans, the
Airforce 360 versatile handstick vacuum, smart appliances (Cookeo
and Optigrill), and the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor;
anti-limescale iron and high pressure steam generator irons, etc.;

the introduction of new features such as a self-cleaning iron
sole-plate, fast-heating steam generators, and wireless irons in
linen care; heating and cooking blenders in the food preparation
segment; anti-mosquito fans in home comfort, etc.

Innovations are now largely based on digital technology, with the
development of connected products to improve the daily life of the
consumer, but also associated services offered as part of a global
ecosystem (e.g. kitchen recipes updated on mobile app). Groupe
SEB’s new connected devices aim to provide more customization,
efficiency and immediacy. The most recent launches include: Cookeo
Connect by Moulinex (monitoring of recipe creation and guidance
from tablet or mobile), i-Companion (connected version of the Cuisine
Companion cooking food processor by Moulinex), Latte Smart by
Krups (preparation and recording of a coffee recipe from a mobile
app), Cooking Connect by Tefal (connected kitchen scales) and Body
Partner by Tefal (connected bathroom scales).


--- Page 5 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A VIRTUOUS STRATEGY

x RR

PROFITABLE GROWTH VALUE CREATION
FOR THE GROUP. FOR RETAILERS

Nee”

CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
‘AND LOYALTY

Groupe SEB’s innovation strategy is consistent with a pragmatic
approach to product creation that involves both Business Unit teams
and Head Office departments in research and development, industry,
purchasing, logistics and strategic marketing, design and quality. New
products are the result of the in-depth analysis of consumer needs
(which include both expressed and latent needs), the invention of
breakthrough concepts, the use and evaluation of new technologies
and the creation of differentiating or one-of-a-kind designs. For
Groupe SEB, innovation is part of a virtuous circle: as a creator of
value for customers/retailers and a source of progress and satisfaction
for consumers, it generates profitable growth which makes it possible
to reinvest in innovation to restart the cycle.

In 2017, in order to accelerate product development and launches,
Groupe SEB decided to set up a global Innovation hub for the small
electrical domestic appliance business in Ecully, France. The aim is to
bring together all of the Innovation chain's main players in this market on
asingle site. 230 employees from the marketing and research teams will
be relocated to the Group's global headquarters by the summer of 2018.

The Group also plans to implement a shared, collaborative approach
to innovation internally. The Group has, therefore, structured relations
within its innovation community, comprising 1,300 employees, using
collaborative tools that make it possible to enrich the collective vision
on strategic issues and to promote the sharing of knowledge and
best practices.

This approach is also open to external partners. In 2013, the Group
launched an open site for innovators, “Innovate with Groupe SEB”,
targeting inventors, scientists, researchers and designers who want
to propose an innovation to the Group. The site offers three ways
of working together: propose an invention, join the Groupe SEB
innovation network or take part in challenges based around themes
set by the Group. SEB&You, launched in December 2015, also directly
involves consumers in the innovation process, inviting them to test
new concepts or areas of innovation: since late 2015, 1,037 products
have been tested and the community now has 2,800 members.

At the same time, the Group has developed partnerships with
universities, schools, engineering firms, testing laboratories, research
institutes and other companies with which it collaborates on major
projects. Reinforcing and effectively exploiting these research
networks allow it to accelerate its innovation process, expand its
scope of intervention and benefit from additional expertise in a
broad range of fields (materials, information and communications
technologies, electrical engineering, food sciences and technologies,
etc.). Examples include projects in the field of health and nutrition,
such as Nutrition-Santé-Longévité, Vitagora and Q@limed. The
Group also contributes to better living and general health as an EIT
Knowledge Innovation Community member and is a major stakeholder
in France and international markets within the FoodTech ecosystem
that seeks to anticipate new food-related trends. In association
with other companies specialized in different sectors (food industry,
consumer goods, digital transition, etc.), the Group takes part in these
projects by designing and marketing connected objects, developing a
culinary platform with Orange, launching an online cooking platform
(www.foodle.fr) and developing partnerships with both large groups
and startups.

Lastly, inspired by the idea of fablabs (labs dedicated to creativity
and materialization), Groupe SEB now has a SEBLab gathering the
various tools conducive to new product creation. This space for
experimentation brings together mixed teams (marketing, research,
design, internal and external experts) to work on the same project
in short sessions (four days on average): the aim is to shorten the
innovation cycle for certain products and identify the potential of new
ideas more quickly.

SEB ALLIANCE: FINANCING AND PARTNERING
INNOVATIVE START-UPS

In May 2011, the Group created an investment company, SEB Alliance,
to improve its technology monitoring system by investing in innovative,
technology-focused companies in areas such as connected home
and digital applications, robotics, well-being and population aging,
and reducing the environmental footprint.

In this context, SEB Alliance favors acquiring initial minority stakes
(5-15% of the share capital), for an average amount of approximately
€1 million. SEB Alliance has invested directly in around ten companies
since it was created, in areas that are consistent with Groupe
SEB’s strategic areas for innovation and could result in consumer
applications, such as:

@ digital/Big Data, with Alkemics (a specialist in product data
exchange between brands and retailers);

@ beauty/health with Feeligreen (active and passive patch technologies
for cosmetic and therapeutic applications);

@ the Internet of Things with SeniorAdom (telecare that enables
people with reduced mobility to remain at home) and robotic
connected products with Robart (smart navigation solutions) and
Keecker (voice-enabled multimedia robot);

3 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 6 ---

@§ air purification with Ethera (solutions to measure and purify indoor
air);

@ water filtration with Memtech (filtration solutions based on an
innovative membrane technology).

These companies provide technological “bricks” that the Group can
use to accelerate in certain areas of innovation. For example, the
collaboration with Ethera has resulted in the creation of a new range
of air purifiers (Intense Pure Air by Rowenta); and, more recently, the

SEBB ALLIANCE

3 PARTNER FUNDS*

innovacom

received

“SEB Alliance is a strategic financial
investor in these funds

3 main target sectors

Watch

Digital and connected home
Wellbeing and population ageing

Reducing the environmental footprint of which Europe,

the US and China

MAJOR INVESTMENTS IN INNOVATION:
€225 MILLION IN 2017

Each year, the Group invests significant amounts in R&D, product
design, strategic marketing, or range optimization in order to better
target consumer expectations, enabling it to stand out as one of the
most innovative players in its industry. In 2017, gross investment in
R&D excluding CIR (research tax credit) and capitalization amounted

AN UNRIVALED BRAND PORTFOLIO

The Group has a portfolio of 29 brands, the largest in its industry,
which is a strong pillar for its strategy of profitable growth. This multi-
brand strategy gives it a broad coverage of its markets.

Each brand has a clearly defined identity that is expressed through its
product selection, functionalities and the look of its products, or its
communication platform. There are three main sub-groups:

IN 2017

>1500

startup dossiers

Shared technology

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

new range of robot vacuum cleaners by Rowenta has been launched,
incorporating Robart navigation technology.

In order to further expand the scope of its watch and its ecosystem
(in the US, China and very specific sectors), SEB Alliance has also
forged strategic partnerships with three multi-corporate investment
funds (Cathay Innovation, Technocom 2 and Xange Digital 3) that the
company may accompany in co-investment.

SINCE 2011

A eorrpenres rence!

11 direct investments

BB incirectinvesiments

"| At end-December 2017

Rad 2.1 Business

Collaboration

R&D collaboration
International scope

Prototypes and studies
Co-development
Commercial partnerships

to €138.5 million (€104 million in 2016). Excluding WMF, investment
in strategic marketing stood at €81 million (compared with €75 million
in 2016). The R&D teams have been significantly strengthened over
the last few years, in terms of both employee numbers and employee
qualifications, with the hiring of highly specialized engineers, for
instance. These specialists bring expertise in cutting-edge fields such
as coatings and materials, connected products, batteries, motors,
food processing, sensors, etc.

@ Core brands that are very well known and whose coverage is
global (Tefal, Rowenta, Moulinex and Krups) or regional (Arno in
Brazil, Supor in China, Imusa in Colombia, and Seb and Calor in
France). These brands’ coverage may vary greatly depending on
the product family; from specialist brands (such as Moulinex and
Krups in kitchen electrics, and Rowenta in non-kitchen electrics)
to more general brands (e.g. Tefal and Supor).

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017

1


--- Page 7 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

= Premium brands (WMF, Lagostina, All-Clad and Silit), distributed
through selective channels. These are managed in a specific way,
guaranteeing strong, uniform expression of their identity and values
(communication, design, pricing policy, etc.)

@ BtoB brands (WMF, Schaerer and Hepp) are only sold B to B to
professionals.

The Group's digitization strategy is fully integrated with the positioning
and communication of these brands in their market. In this context,
the global Consumer brands have overhauled their platforms,
websites and social networks in order to be perfectly in line with their
target consumers. This project, which was launched in 2015, is now
completed and the new brand platforms are fully operational.

A GLOBAL AND DIVERSIFIED PRESENCE

Over the last 40 years, the Group has successfully developed strong
positions across all continents with a commercial presence in nearly
150 countries as a result of an expansion strategy combining internal
growth with acquisitions. It has leading positions in Western Europe,
China, Russia, Japan, Brazil, Colombia, Turkey, etc.

The Group's strong local presence is due to the relevance of its offering
and its capacity to adapt to the needs of different markets. Its global
presence enables it to seize opportunities for profitable growth in
the various countries in which it has a presence, and to diversify
its exposure to different economies. In 2017, 59% of its sales were
generated in mature countries (53% excluding WMF) and 41% in
emerging countries (47% excluding WMF).

In addition to the management of its brand portfolio, the Group pursues
a strategy of partnerships to develop new concepts and step up its
sales through the co-branding of two high-profile brands. Accounting
for almost 10% of sales, these partnerships are major drivers of
innovation and growth for the Group. Joint development agreements
have also been signed with major names in the food industry, such as
Nestle for Nespresso and Dolce Gusto, and Heineken for BeerTender
and The Sub, and in the cosmetics industry, such as L’Oréal for
Steampod. Some partnerships also impart image, associating our
products with other brands or organizations (WWF, etc.), with licensing
agreements with brands such as Elite, or with endorsement contracts
where, for example, cookware lines are developed in collaboration with
renowned chefs such as Jamie Oliver or Thomas Keller.

SALES BY REGION IN 2017
Other Asian countries

9%

\

China
20% — Western Europe
—- 43%
€

6,485m
South A
ou vines N
Nw

North America |
10% Other EMEA countries

12%
With WME

36 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 8 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

A MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY

The Group works with an extremely large and diverse network of
distributors, giving it a decisive competitive edge. It develops
constructive long-term relationships with customers on the basis of
the most extensive product offering on the market and with strong
brands, which are vectors of growth and profitability for each of the
parties.

The network mainly comprises mass food retailers, specialist retailers
as well as convenience stores or groups of independents, of which
there are still overweighted in emerging markets. The percentage
of online sales continues to grow rapidly (representing close to one
quarter of sales in 2017), driven by both e-commerce specialists (pure
players) and bricks-and-mortar retailers, including specialist brands,
as they ramp up their online presence (click-and-mortar).

In addition, the Group also has a network of stores, either directly
operated or under franchise, numbering more than 1,200 at the end
of 2017: their positioning may be multi-brand (Home & Cook and Tefal
Shops) or mono-brand (Supor Lifestores and, more recently, WMF).
This network, which is the Group's biggest customer, represents nearly
7% of consolidated sales, but may exceed more than 20% in some
countries (e.g. Turkey and Japan). These stores showcase the diversity
of the Group’s offering and represent a unique opportunity to get close
to the consumer and improve our understanding of market trends.

SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

Hypermarkets —___Specialsts
21% 19%
Gir Traditional

9 ———-
28% 31%

Excluding WMF

Customer relations is one of the Group’s core concerns and it seeks
operational excellence both in the supply chain, to guarantee the
best levels of service, and in-store, to ensure that its products are
promoted on its customers’ shelves and websites. This approach is
supported by investment in marketing and advertising, which has been
significantly strengthened in recent years: excluding WMF, it amounted
to €480 million in 2017 (including €74 million in expenditure reclassified
from Supor), compared to €435 million in 2016. The objectives remain
as follows:

@ further strengthen brand and product recognition through
advertising;

& continue to roll-out of the best in-store execution through category
management, effective merchandising, the creation of dedicated
shop-in-shops and promotional events;

@ guide and support the Group’s new product launches;

@ accelerate digital marketing (brand websites, digital campaigns, data
marketing, etc.) and support the ramp up of e-commerce.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 37 |


--- Page 9 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

AN ACTIVE ACQUISITION POLICY

Acquisitions are another pillar of the Group's development strategy.
As an operator in the Small Domestic Equipment market, which is
still highly fragmented, the Group is positioning itself as the industry
consolidator. The Group's history is one of numerous transactions
which have enabled it to achieve leadership status in many countries
and product categories.

In addition to having the necessary financial capacity, external
growth requires an ability to integrate new acquisitions effectively
and to generate synergies. Groupe SEB has built up considerable
experience over the years in integrating new acquisitions. Following
Moulinex-Krups in 2001-2002, it acquired All-Clad in the United States
in 2004, Panex in Brazil and Lagostina in Italy in 2005, Mirro WearEver
in the United States in 2006, and acquired a controlling interest in
China-based Supor in late 2007. The latter stood out because
of the major challenges it presented (geographical and cultural
remoteness, language barrier, more complex integration, coordination
of communications between two listed companies, etc.). The Group’s
stake was increased in several stages (20% in December 2011, 1.6%
in January 2015, and 7.91% in June 2016) bringing its current holding
up to 81.17%.

Furthermore, in February 2011, the Group acquired Imusa, a
Colombian cookware company. In May 2011, it took control of a
Vietnamese company — Asia Fan — specializing in the production
and sale of fans, and in December, it acquired a 55% stake in an
Indian company — Maharaja Whiteline - specializing in small electrical
appliances. In 2014, it announced the acquisition of the remaining
shares of Maharaja Whiteline and Asia Fan. In 2015, it acquired
OBH Nordica, a major operator in small electrical appliances in the
Scandinavian markets.

2016 marked a new stage for the Group with two strategic acquisitions
in Germany in May.

The Group first acquired EMSA, specialized in the design,
manufacturing and distribution of kitchen utensils and accessories.
EMSA is a well-known brand in German-speaking countries and is the
market leader in thermoware and food storage containers in Germany.
EMSA also operates in the rest of Europe and the Middle-East. It
reported €85 million in sales in 2016.

This was followed by the acquisition of WMF, a German industrial
flagship with three major business lines: professional automatic coffee
machines, Small Domestic Equipment (cookware and small electrical
appliances) and hotel equipment. Through this strategic acquisition,
Groupe SEB:

@ acquired a solid worldwide leadership in the very attractive
professional coffee machines market characterized by strong
growth, high profitability and significant recurring revenue reflecting
important contributions from after-sales operations;

@ considerably strengthened its position in the cookware segment
by becoming the leader in Germany, with, in particular, a high-end
stainless steel product offering;

@ gave a further boost to its development, following EMSA’s
acquisition, in the key kitchen utensils and accessories market;

® consolidated its portfolio by adding strong new brands including the
iconic WMF as well as Schaerer, Silit, Kaiser, and Hepp;

@ accessed a network of 200 proprietary retail outlets in Germany,
providing a powerful vehicle for promoting its image and sales.

In 2017, the Group continued its expansion in kitchen utensils with the
acquisition of Swiss company Swizzz Prozzz, a specialist in mini hand
choppers with high-performance multiple blades. Swizzz Prozzz’s
products, which are very complementary to those of the Group, had
previously been marketed under license through various kitchen utensil
brands, generating pro forma annual sales of around €10 million.

33 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 10 ---

THE NEED FOR COMPETITIVENESS

This is one of Groupe SEB’s major strategic pillars, complementary
to growth. The Group’s competitiveness is based on a powerful and
versatile manufacturing base, long-term optimization of industrial
productivity and a rigorous and responsible purchasing policy.

A COMPLETE MANUFACTURING BASE

Throughout the world, the Group’s manufacturing base is set to
respond to market characteristics:

@ European manufacturing targets mainly mature markets. French
and European plants are dedicated to products for which the
Group is a market leader. To this end, the Group takes advantage of
technological barriers in relation to product concepts or processes;

@ manufacturing in emerging markets focuses on the needs of these
markets and, for mature markets, on products for which the Group
wishes to retain control of its specific technologies (concerning
products and processes);

@ outsourcing production for basic products or those for which the
Group lacks a strong leadership position or as part of partnership
arrangements.

After acquiring EMSA and WMF, it has 40 manufacturing sites which

produce 68% of the products sold by the Group throughout the world.

The other 32% are outsourced, in particular in China.

SALES BY ORIGIN OF PRODUCTION

Americas

6% -———
[4%

Outsourced Europe
products 31%
32%

\ Si

\——am

The Group's industrial strategy aims to best serve markets by
continuously improving competitive performance and quality over
the long-term.

The Group's industrial competitiveness comes from its edge as a
designer of products, especially through its centers of expertise and
technological poles:

@ centers of product expertise bring together the specific expertise
in research and development, industrialization and production for
a given product category;

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

@ technological poles reinforce the centers of product expertise
through their knowledge of key technologies in relation to materials,
plastics, and electronics.

At relevant sites, project platforms foster collaboration between
marketing teams and centers of industrial expertise in the development
of the product offering. This makes it possible to promote the
concept of the “technical basis” to standardize sub-assemblies and
components, in order to be more responsive to customer demand.

To ensure and optimize the competitiveness of its manufacturing base,
the Group continues to adapt its factories, taking account of economic
market realities by adjusting production volumes or rescaling sites,
transferring operations from one entity to another, refitting sites, strict
control of manufacturing costs, refocusing production and outsourcing
according to needs.

In 2017, the Group began the final phase of the reorganization of
its industrial facilities in Brazil, combining the Brazilian production
activities of Mooca and Sao Bernardo do Campo within a single,
modern industrial site at Itatiaia in Rio de Janeiro State.

The small electrical appliances plant at Mooca, in the heart of the
Sao Paulo megalopolis, was suffering from productivity levels below
Group standards as well as major logistical limitations. The new plant
in Itatiaia is located in a fast-growing industrial area with a design
that is fully in line with all of the Group's industrial and environmental
standards. A new logistics center is located nearby, which is helping
to optimize customer service across Brazil's entire South Region.

The relocation took place in several phases: it began in November 2016
with the iron manufacturing lines and ended with completion of the
full relocation of Mooca’s lines at the end of August 2017. This has
been followed, in a second phase, by the relocation of Sao Bernardo
do Campo’s cookware lines, which is scheduled for completion at the
end of the first half of 2018.

This project highlights the Group's commitment to modernize its
manufacturing base in a country where economic conditions remain
very volatile and the foreign exchange environment calls for significant
gains in productivity.

CONTINUAL OPTIMIZATION OF INDUSTRIAL
PRODUCTIVITY

Launched in 2011, our global industrial and operational excellence
program, OPS (Opération Performance SEB) continued to roll out
“fundamentals” (5S, TPM, etc.) to achieve further improvements in
the productivity of our sites. This practical program of continuous
performance improvement:

§ links health and performance in all Group improvement projects;

@ involves all hierarchical levels (managers, technicians, and
operators) and all departments;

@ aims to share best practices, so as to build a real Group
manufacturing culture;

@ results in a common language with the aim of promoting a Group
spirit;

§ andis reflected in a single, scalable framework resulting from a fully
collaborative approach.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017

|-


--- Page 11 ---

Introduction to the Group
A profitable growth strategy

Since its launch, the OPS program has enabled the Group to ensure
a high level of quality in both its processes and its products. The
commitment of the new sites acquired by the Group to incorporating
these principles is a highly effective way of introducing an approach of
excellence and continuous performance improvement. In China, this
has helped with the ramp-up of the Supor Shaoxing site, which is the
Group’s largest small electrical appliance site. The OPS program was
presented at the 11 production sites of EMSA and WMF in 2017, with
a view to a roll-out in 2018.

Although it is in a mature phase, the projects and workshops in 2017
continued to broaden the program’s coverage to support services
and services peripheral to production. As well as industrial activities
and maintenance, it now covers logistics, human resources, control
and purchasing.

Focusing on the involvement and empowerment of teams across all
areas of the value chain, the program now relies on a new matrix:
health and safety, quality, cost, time, involvement and environment. For
each business, maturity grids by process were developed according to
5 levels. These grids, which were updated and evaluated in 2017, will
be rolled out across all sites in 2018, with a dual objective: achieving
by the end of 2019 the level of maturity required for all businesses
in order to enter the Plant of the Future, standardize measurement
approaches and improve performance.

In early 2013, the Group also introduced the PCO (Product Cost
Optimization) project which aims to reduce the cost price of present
products, optimize the future product offering, and increase perceived
value. The approach consists in applying a method for analyzing
products and taking into account customer concerns by involving
experts (R&D, marketing, design, manufacturing, etc.) as part of
multidisciplinary group workshops, to challenge existing solutions
and invent new ones.

These improvement plans are systematically supported by the Group's
approach to health and safety, as safety of personnel in the workplace
is a key priority for the Group. A three-year plan has been launched
in this regard, with the aim of steadily decreasing the number of
workplace accidents. This plan must enable the Group to cut by half
the number of accidents at the end of this period. For further details,
refer to Chapter 3 on Corporate Social Responsibility on pages 115
to 118.

Lastly, another key component of the Group’s competitiveness is the
supply chain, which is managed on a global level with the aim of
rationalizing finished product inventory, optimizing the quality of this
inventory and implementing a process to improve customer service
and ensure customer satisfaction. To deliver these results, the Group
focuses on a series of common and shared processes, supported
by the roll-out of plans to optimize the global logistics chain, from
marketing company sales forecasts to planning capacities and
production. At the same time, the creation of a Supply Chain School
enables is to develop the aptitudes and skills of our specialist teams.

A RIGOROUS AND RESPONSIBLE
PURCHASING POLICY

Purchasing combines both production procurement, which covers
requirements for materials (metals, plastics, paper/cardboard
packaging, etc.) and components (parts, sub-assemblies, etc.) for
manufacturing, non-production purchasing (transport and logistics,
services, information systems, travel, etc.) and purchases of sourced
finished products. Generally speaking, and for a number of years,
purchases have increasingly been managed at Group level, through
a panel of approved suppliers and the use of shared global product
family platforms making it possible to consolidate volumes and
standardize materials and components. This approach makes it
possible to optimize negotiations (on price, quality, on-time delivery,
etc.) and to develop pooled procurement offering greater flexibility
between manufacturing sites and increased synergies within the
Group.

The Group's direct spend policy is based on reducing costs by seeking
out and selecting the most competitive suppliers at the same time as
introducing suppliers to the Group's approach to innovation and its
required quality standards. Amongst other things, this policy makes
it possible to establish and maintain a real partnership with the best-
performing suppliers and to closely involve them in the improvement
process and the Group’s objectives in terms of competitiveness.
Since 2017, WMF has been in the Group’s direct purchasing scope,
with the gradual integration of some of its key suppliers into the
Group's panel. In this temporary configuration, in 2017, the panel of
direct suppliers for manufacturing supplies comprised 463 suppliers
(475 in 2016), with a global purchasing coverage of 72% (compared
with 85% in 2016).

Non-production purchases continue to follow the same process
aimed at better qualifying approved suppliers and building an across-
the-board Group purchasing methodology with a panel of approved
suppliers representing 37% of non-production purchases (versus 42%
in 2016: WMF is in the process of joining the panel). The purchasing
office team undertakes to cover a very broad range of expenditures and
an increasingly large international scope for sourcing. Calls for tender
are launched on a regular basis and cross-functional teams thoroughly
rework our specifications to optimize purchasing in new fields.

For sourced finished products, the organizational set-up
strengthens purchasing quality processes by ensuring technical and
methodological assistance from Group teams for suppliers. At the
same time, it demonstrates the Group's desire for upstream integration
of suppliers in the product development processes in order to foster
greater fluidity in creating the product offering. With this approach,
the Group has been concentrating its panel of approved finished-
product suppliers for a number of years: in 2017, 72 companies
represented 80% of purchases made. The Group's approved supplier
panels consist of carefully selected and tested companies in terms
of both performance (lead times, quality, cost, etc.) and social and
environmental responsibilities (environmental impact, compliance with
Human Rights, etc.).

20 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 12 ---

Introduction to the Group

Organization of internal control

1.4. Organization of internal control

The nature of Groupe SEB’s business and its large international
presence opens up significant development opportunities, but also
exposes it to various types of internal and external risks. These risks
may adversely affect the Group’s results, financial position or assets,
or have consequences for its various stakeholders - consumers,
employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, partners, etc. The
Group implements a range of measures to identify risks and measure
their potential impacts and probability of occurrence. These risks
are then managed according to risk control plans that are regularly
reviewed and involve the players concerned in the Group’s various
departments. As with any control system, however, it cannot provide
an absolute guarantee that all risks are fully controlled or eliminated.

The scope of application of internal control and risk management
procedures encompasses all of the Group’s companies and
employees, from governance bodies to individual employees. The

operational and functional management structures are responsible
for implementing these procedures.

Groupe SEB is an international entity, organized primarily into
geographical zones by continent, each with their own ranges of
products to sell. In addition, operations are managed by activity,
covering a group of product lines and trademarks. Lastly, functional
management supports operations transversally across all of the
Group’s businesses. The primary aim of this functional management
is to ensure that activities are consistent and effective and to oversee
the control functions (e.g. by means of financial standards, IT tools,
quality rules, etc.).

The Group’s conduct and operational processes are based on two
key documents: the Group’s Code of Ethics and the Internal Control
Manual, which sets out what is expected of employees.

ORGANIZATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND KEY PLAYERS

The key control activities are identified within the functional departments described below, which report directly to a member of the Group
Executive Committee.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 21 |


--- Page 13 ---

Organization of internal control

Audit and Internal Control department

The Audit and Internal Control department is tasked with evaluating
compliance with the Group’s internal rules and procedures,
detecting non-compliance with local legislation and ensuring that
Group assets are protected. This department is also required to
evaluate the efficient conduct of operations and to ensure that
business risks are anticipated and mitigated.

To achieve this, the Audit and Internal Control department is
focused on three parallel activities:

1) Defining and rolling out internal control procedures (‘Internal
Control Manual”). This document covers all of the Group's
control processes. It is circulated to all Group’s entities once a
year, and the Audit team carries out an annual update to reflect
changes in operations, regulations and management systems;

2) The implementation of a multi-year audit plan, based
on a prioritization of the entities to be covered according to
several parameters: assessment of the level of risk (size of the
subsidiary, geography, information system, etc.); frequency of
audit coverage; and lastly, the rating of the most recent audit.
The plan is approved by the Audit Committee each year. In 2017,
the audit team covered 37 Group entities (including 9 WMF
entities) and carried out 15 audit follow-up missions;

3) Coordination and oversight of risk mapping. The Group's
risk map is updated every year using the process described on
p. 28 “Risk identification and control process”.

The Group’s audit team comprised 13 auditors as at 31 December
2017.

Legal department

The role of the Group Legal department is to ensure compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements in the various countries, to
protect the Group’s assets (and particularly its intellectual assets)
and businesses, and to protect the interests of the Group.

Its main tasks are based on the following activities:

1) Legal support for operations, regarding all types of regulations,
drawing up and updating standard contracts (purchase of goods
and services, terms of sale, promotional operations, etc.),
oversight of legal firms consulted, pre-litigation and litigation
management, defense strategy for intellectual creations,
protection of industrial property titles (trademarks and trade
dress in particular), and legal watch;

2) Coordination of the Group’s insurance program, described
in detail on p. 36 “Insurance”, allowing for an appropriate
insurance program for the Group’s activities;

3) Participation in the Group’s acq ion strategy: preparatory
agreements, merger control, contract negotiation, and post-
acquisition restructuring. The Legal department also helps to
implement integration processes within Groupe SEB.

Financial Communication and Investor Relations
department

This department works closely with the other departments
within the Finance Function (Group Controlling, Consolidation
and Accounting, Treasury and Finance, Legal, Audit and Internal
Control), with the operational, functional and continental
management structures, and with the Sustainable Development
and Corporate Communications departments, in order to carry
out several key tasks related to the status of SEB S.A. as a listed
company:

1) Development and implementation of the Group’s financial
communication. This communication takes place according
to a specific timetable and in compliance with the regulatory
framework (AMF*, ESMA*, etc.), ensuring in particular the
dissemination of clear, accurate, precise and true financial
information, as well as conformity to the principles of equal
treatment of investors and consistency of information. The
documents and materials produced, published and circulated
(Registration Document, Convening Notice, press releases,
Analyst and Investor presentations, etc.) undergo a structured
production process and are prepared in close collaboration with
the Group’s various functions. They are reviewed by concerned
business Managers and finally approved by the Executive
Committee. The Financial Communication department, in
Conjunction with the Legal department, coordinates the “MAR
(Market Abuse Regulation)” Committee described on p. 26;

2) Identification of the shareholder base and investor
relations throughout the year, through physical or telephone
conferences, roadshows, analyst/investor days or individual
meetings. These exchanges are intended to give the market
information about the Group’s strategy, performance and
outlook, and to maintain and fuel interest in the stock. In 2017,
32 events were organized, resulting in around 340 contacts.

All the Group’s financial information is constantly updated and is
available on the website at www.groupeseb.com.

French and European stock market authorities.

Finance and Treasury department

The Group’s Finance and Treasury department is tasked
with ensuring the liquidity of Group operations, the security,
transparency and efficiency of treasury and finance operations,
and hedging against all financial risks. Its areas of work are as
follows:

* managing financial resources, to ensure the Group's liquidity;

managing and securing cash flows (cash management);

quantifying and hedging against financial risks (particularly
currency, interest rates and commodity risks);

monitoring relations with banks;

financing projects, particularly acquisitions;

overseeing strategies for hedging customer risk.

22 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 14 ---

Introduction to the Group

Organization of internal control

Sustainable Development department

The Sustainable Development department drives and coordinates
the sustainable development policy. It documents and rolls out
short- and medium-term action plans, in line with the Group’s
priority criteria, in each division and on every continent, thus
promoting appropriate conduct. It is supported by a dedicated
Steering Committee, described on p. 27.

In addition, the Sustainable Development department is
responsible for the content of the Group’s Code of Ethics and
ensures that it is properly circulated and understood in all the
entities. As the principles of the Code of Ethics are included in the
Internal Control Manual, the ethical compliance of our subsidiaries
is regularly checked on site by the internal audit teams. Conformity
to the values mentioned in the Code of Ethics does not stop with
the company: the Sustainable Development department also
monitors the application of these principles by suppliers, by means
of a Responsible Purchasing Charter, which is circulated to and
signed by all its partners, and regular outsourced audits. This last
measure is fully in keeping with our action plans for compliance
with the “SAPIN II” and «Duty of Vigilance» laws.

Each of the Group’s plants is organized to prevent any pollution
(of air, water, or soil) or environmental accidents and to reduce its
carbon and environmental impact (particularly in terms of energy,
water, and waste). To achieve this, each plant complies with local
environmental regulations as well as standards shared by all Group.
sites. The regulations, and changes in them, are monitored locally
by Health, Safety and Environment coordinators. Measures to
assess risks, prevent pollution and reduce environmental impact
are implemented locally and coordinated at Group head office: a
dedicated staff member is responsible for setting environmental
goals and defining shared standards. This department also
ensures the implementation of performance indicators, which are
then monitored and consolidated.

Environmental risk is overseen by a dedicated Group team which
regularly monitors changes in regulations and transcribes these
regulations into the Group’s standards. The processes are then
rolled out to the plants.

As part of its compliance policy, the Sustainable Development
department appoints an external service provider to audit the
Group’s industrial sites in countries presenting ethical, social and
environmental risks.

Group Controlling department

The Group Controlling department coordinates budget planning
and control, using a handbook of management procedures and
rules applicable to all entities, including Group budgeting, re-
projections and management reporting methods.

Its key oversight responsibilities are as follows:

1) Budgeting process. Guidelines and recommendations are
circulated to the various entities for budgeting purposes. The
Group Controlling department consolidates and oversees the
various budgetary adjustments before a budget is approved by
the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors;

2) Re-projections: throughout the year, as the Group's activities
evolve, the Group Controlling department alerts the Executive
Committee in the event of a deviation from the budget,
quantifies the impact of corrective measures and coordinates
re-projections at key times during the year. These are then
consolidated and approved at the Executive Committee level;

3) Reporting and analysis: every month, to enable effective Group
oversight, the Group Controiling department consolidates all
information from a single, centralized management tool to
establish dashboards for the Executive Committee and Group
management. The dashboards include appropriate analyses of
significant deviations and trends.

Accounting and Tax department

The Accounting and Tax department is responsible for ensuring
that the Group’s accounting principles and standards are compliant
with commonly accepted international accounting standards.
It defines the Group’s accounting standards and oversees their
distribution and application, particularly through training courses.
It is responsible for preparing the Group’s Consolidated Financial
Statements and closes the Group’s financial statements, in
collaboration with the entities, in a timely manner.

The Group Accounting and Tax department oversees and
coordinates the Shared Service Centers for Accounting and
Management Services. These entities, in France, Poland,
Germany, the United States, and China, help improve the Group’s
internal control system through the sharing of best practices and
standardization of procedures, and through the positive effect of
the work of the Shared Service Centers on the division of tasks.

The Group Accounting and Tax department also ensures
compliance with tax regulations and obligations in all countries
where the Group operates, by (i) monitoring tax inspections carried
out by tax authorities in all of the Group’s entities, (ii) ensuring
consistency in the tax procedures used by the entities, and
(iii) liaising with tax consultants to verify that the Group’s main
activities are compliant with current legislation.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 23 |


--- Page 15 ---

Organization of internal control

Personnel Administration department

The Group had 33,600 employees in its workforce at 31 December
2017, divided between more than 100 operational entities world-
wide. The Personnel department is responsible for ensuring the
consistency of personnel management processes. It is organized
around three main areas:

.

Definition of personnel management rules applicable to
all of the Group’s businesses, in line with local regulations:
management of working time and leave, business expenses,
tools available to personnel (computers, telephones, cars, etc.),
and the payroll process (checks, approval, and security);

.

Rollout and oversight of a single personnel management
tool at Group level, in accordance with local data protection
regulations. This includes the administrative process related to
employee entry, performance monitoring, and exit;

.

Management of the Shared Service Center dedicated to
payroll for all French entities, ensuring the division of tasks and
a strict level of control. The Personnel department also reviews
the standard processes for setting up outsourced payroll
management;

.

Safety of people: the Personnel department is responsible for
drawing up safety rules, particularly in countries identified as
risky (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) and coordinates the monitoring
of traveling employees with an external partner to ensure their
safety.

Purchasing department

The scope of the Purchasing department includes the purchasing
of components and raw materials required to manufacture
products, purchases of finished products, and indirect purchases
related to the marketing of products world-wide. The scale of the
financial flows involved means that the Purchasing department is
central to the Group’s internal control process:

.

Centralized purchasing management in France and Asia
to be close to our suppliers. This oversight begins with the
implementation of strict rules on how to manage purchases
(calls for tenders, purchase requests, approvals, etc.);

.

Oversight of suppliers, including through performance
indicators and reviews and audits of suppliers, relating not
only to operational aspects (quality, supply chain, etc.) but also
responsibility and ethical, social and environmental compliance,
in partnership with the Sustainable Development department;

.

Monitoring purchasing performance: establishing purchasing
strategies, objectives and analyses to optimize efficiency and
strengthen control.

Quality & Environment department

Improving the quality of its products and processes has always
been a central concern for Groupe SEB. Groupe SEB uses a
Quality Management System (QMS), which is a key pillar of any
business, implemented through a shared tool that is available on
the Group intranet.

This system includes all the procedures, tools and methods
relating to the Group’s key processes:

.

Management procedures with the definition of Group policy,
strategic planning, continuous quality improvement, and
safeguarding of the environment;

.

Operational processes including strategic marketing, R&D,
sales and marketing, customer order processing and production;

.

Operational support functions, covering human resources,
information systems, purchasing, finance, after-sales service,
and customer assistance.

Monthly reporting allows the Quality department to accurately
track key indicators and adjust its actions.

Supply Chain department

The distribution of the Group’s businesses across all continents
requires constant optimization of flows and procurement. The
Supply Chain department’s task is to meet these needs while
securing processes:

* Defi in and rolling out of stock management procedures
that apply to all the Group’s warehouses, outsourced or not,
including: receipt and dispatch management process, inventory
management process, security requirements at storage sites;

.

Oversight of product flows: definition and optimization of
product flows (with a view to improving the flexibility of industrial
sites) in line with international regulations and in compliance
with customs regulations.

24 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 16 ---

Introduction to the Group

Organization of internal control

Information Systems department

Groupe SEB’s information systems are designed to guarantee the
security, integrity, availability and traceability of information.

Several priority areas within the Information Systems department
help to improve the Group’s control environment, including:

1) Security of information systems and personal data
protection: a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) oversees
the Group’s key indicators, monitors the implementation of
security rules in projects, and takes the necessary information,
awareness and risk prevention measures. This activity is
supported by an Information Systems Security Committee
(described on p. 26). With regard to personal data protection
requirements, the CISO works with the Legal and Personnel
departments: this cross-functional organization is described
on p. 31 (“Security of information systems and personal data
protection”);

2) Network architecture: the Information Systems department
ensures the consistency, availability, and integrity of the Group’s
networks;

3) Operational tools (ERP, business software, office automation,
communication): the Information Systems department oversees
operations for the Group’s tools and participates in an
Information Systems Steering Committee, described on p. 26;

4) Digital applications: The Information Systems department
ensures the implementation of software components and
infrastructure to ensure the quality, security and availability of
the service provided to customers: downloadable applications
on mobile phones, and tablets to facilitate the use of connected
products and give access to digital content, photos, recipes,
etc.

Health and Safety department

Industrial activity has been a central part of the Group’s activities
since its creation. The health and safety of people working at the
sites is a top priority and the responsibility of all Group employees.
It is coordinated by the Group Health and Safety department.

The oversight of the health and the safety of people is based on
six key points which are continually emphasized at all our sites:

positioning health and safety at the management level;

focusing on one objective, monitored with indicators at site and
Group level;

highlighting each accident or serious incident;

sharing the same level of skills and requirements, based on
shared standards;

feedback on events and potential adaptation of good practices;

acting promptly on any recorded non-compliance to address
it rapidly.

A cross-functional Strategic Health/Safety Committee is described
on p. 26.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 25 |


--- Page 17 ---

Organization of internal control

Alongside these departments overseeing the Group's control activities, Committees have been set up on spanning various control topics. These
Committees meet two to four times a year and involve managers from the aforementioned departments. Each are responsible for identifying, in
their respective areas, any situations requiring action at the central level (regulatory changes, evolution of the market context, etc.). In this case,
each Committee will report to the Group Executive Committee.

Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise
Bertrand Neuschwander
Vincent Léonard

Harry Touret

Stéphane Lafléche

Philippe Crevoisier

Cyril Buxtorf

Luc Gaudemard

Frederic Verwaerde/Vincent Tai

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Chief Operating Officer

Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance

Senior Executive Vice-president, Human Ressources
Executive Vice-president, Industrial Operations
Executive Vice-president, Products and Innovation
Executive Vice-president, EMEA

Executive Vice-president, Americas

Executive Vice-president, Asia

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 18 ---

In particular, the Compliance Committee implements measures relating
to recent regulatory developments. A cross-functional action plan
involving several Group departments has been drawn up to address
the requirements of the SAPIN II law and the Duty of Vigilance law
relating to parent companies and principals. This action plan focuses
on the following key points, most of which are already in place:

§ Code of Ethics;

internal whistle-blowing system;

@ risk mapping, corruption and suppliers;

@ customer and supplier assessment procedures;
internal and external accounting control procedures;
§ training system;

@ disciplinary system;

@ system of control and internal assessment of measures.

Introduction to the Group

Organization of internal control

Lastly, to ensure efficient overall management, Groupe SEB relies
on the decentralization of operational responsibilities and clearly
defined rules of operation and delegation. It also benefits from a well-
established corporate culture, rooted in shared fundamental human
values that foster an ethical working environment: Entrepreneurial
drive, Passion for innovation, Professionalism, Group spirit, and
Respect for people.

Groupe SEB has been a signatory of the Global Compact since 2003
and supports the values set out in this document, promoting them
throughout the company. The Group Human Resources department
states in its guiding principles: “The Group is a community of men and
women who share the same objectives and values”.

The Code of Ethics, published in September 2012, serves as the
frame of reference for Groupe SEB’s values and standards. It defines
individual and collective rules of conduct to guide the actions and
inspire the decisions of each employee. It is supplemented by a
whistle-blowing system that allows any employee to report a serious
violation of the Code of Ethics. More details on the whistle-blowing
system are provided in Chapter 3.5, page 103.

1

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 @


--- Page 19 ---

Risk factors

1.5. Risk factors

RISK IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL PROCESS

The risk identification and control process is an ongoing process
incorporated within the Group's operations. In order to provide
comprehensive information, the various stages of collecting
and processing information were defined as follows: operational
approach, Group approach at Executive Committee level and, finally,
consolidation by key theme.

COLLECTION OF OPERATIONAL RISKS

Operational risks are identified and reviewed annually by means of
data collection grids sent to all entity managers (sales subsidiaries,
factories, Shared Service Centers) and to all function managers.
Questionnaires are partially guided (based on the usual risk typologies)
and partially open to ensure the broadest possible range of information.

The questionnaires are then consolidated by the Audit and Internal
Control department to identify the main issues by theme.

On the basis of this consolidation, each function director meets
individually with the Audit and Internal Control Director so as to assess
thoroughly the main risks and associated risk management plans.

CONSOLIDATION AT GROUP LEVEL

An annual working meeting is held with the Executive Committee
members on the basis of the above elements. This meeting covers
all the information from the operational collection as well as those
stemming from the previous year's risk mapping. Each risk is reviewed
in detail, to evaluate how it has evolved and its relevance in terms
of both potential financial impact for the Group and probability of
occurrence.

The risk control action plan is reviewed for each risk: actions
implemented during the past year and actions to be put in place
for the year to come are assessed. This action plan is also reviewed
once, mid-year, by the Executive Committee to ensure that the various
subjects are being monitored and executed properly.

Lastly, the review of the Group’s risk mapping activity is the subject
of a specific agenda item at a yearly meeting of the Audit Committee
(review of methodology, risks, their assessment by Group management
and the associated action plans).

28 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 20 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

CONSOLIDATION BY THEME

When information relating to potential risks for the Group has been collected and analyzed, the Audit and Internal Control department consolidates
it by key theme for circulation to the Group’s various stakeholders.

OPERATIONAL

« Image and reputation

* Evolution of d

* Integration of new operations (including WMF)

* Country di lt

* Information systems and personal data protection

INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL

Safety and environment

Product quality and risks related to product liability
Business continuity and dependence on suppliers

* Supply chain and seasonality

* Climate change

LEGAL

« Laws and regulations

¢ Internal and external frauds
Intellectual property

FINANCIAL AND MARKET

* Debt, liqu
¢ Equity mar!

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 20 |


--- Page 21 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

DESCRIPTION OF MAIN RISK FACTORS AND ASSOCIATED MANAGEMENT

PLANS

IMAGE AND REPUTATIONAL RISK

Description of risk

In an environment where information circulates more and more rapidly
(through news sites, instant messaging, social networks, etc.), any
information with negative connotations may have an impact on the
Group’s image, sales and earnings at the level of a country, a region,
or even globally, or on its share price. These situations may arise due
to information that is or is not well-founded, on topics as diverse as
product quality or safety, the health effects of food materials, business
practices, ethical behavior or compliance with regulations (tax, social,
etc.).

Management of risk

&§ The first aspect of image risk coverage is preventive and consists
in not generating situations that could give rise to negative
communication about the Group. This is achieved by conforming
to the Group’s values and the Code of Ethics, and complying with
internal processes (particularly quality, financial reporting, internal
control, safety, etc.). All Group employees are regularly reminded of
these key principles: not only when they are hired, but also during
training and in communications.

@ The second part of image risk coverage consists in setting up
a responsive system for monitoring information: in addition to
conventional instruments for monitoring traditional media, the
Group uses an e-reputation tracking tool on social networks,
alongside an internal (feedback to management, decision-making)
and external (crisis management) communication process.

EVOLUTION OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS

Description of risk

The retail sector has undergone major changes in recent years, which
naturally have repercussions on the Group's business: the emergence
and rapid growth of e-commerce specialists have profoundly changed
the business environment.

In this context, some of the Group's long-standing customers, mainly
traditional retailers from mature markets, have not completed their
transformation to adapt to this trend. For such customers, this
transition phase may be accompanied by financial difficulties, plans
for store closures, arbitrage within the portfolio of products sold or
even bankruptcies in the most extreme cases. On the other hand, the
specialists channel has been able to develop more successfully its
activity through click & mortar in consumer electronics. This might,
however, result in the non-recovery of certain receivables, and loss
of sales or market share for the Group.

Management of risk

@ The adaptation of commercial approaches to changes in the retail
sector is a central pillar of our business plan. Many of our customers
are long-standing partners with whom we have a solid business
relationship.

At the same time, our sales teams in the various markets are
watching out for all these changes and are constantly adapting
the sales policy to ensure product availability by diversifying the
distribution circuits.

One of the objectives of the sales teams is to achieve consistent
growth in market share, regardless of whether the distribution
channel is offline or online.

With regard to customer credit risk, the geographical distribution
and diversity of activities (cookware, small electrical appliances
and now professional coffee machines) as well as the variety and
multiplicity of the Group’s distribution networks limit the risk and
probability of major impact at consolidated level. In addition to
customer diversification (no customer representing more than 5% of
consolidated sales), the Group has obtained insurance cover which
considerably limits the risk of claims. At 31 December 2017, the
majority of the Group's subsidiaries had trade receivable insurance
to cover the company in the event of non-recovery. Additional
information is provided in Notes 16 et 26.4 to the consolidated
financial statements.

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE INTEGRATION
OF NEW OPERATIONS

Description of risk

In addition to its organic growth targets, the Group is implementing an
external growth strategy to accelerate its expansion and strengthen
its position. This strategy has resulted in the acquisition of companies
that are complementary in terms of market (geographical or product
category), in somewhat different ways: SUPOR in China, OBH Nordica
in the Nordic countries, and more recently WMF in Germany in high-
end segments, professional products, etc.

Each of these acquisitions has specific features in terms of corporate
culture, structure, operational processes and distribution channels.
Failing to identify these specific features or not taking them into
account could have an adverse effect on the integration process and
the value creation expected from these operations, in particular:

@ development of the business;
@ generation of synergies;

§ increased value of intangible assets.

30 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 22 ---

Management of risk

@ Over the years, the Group has built up real experience and strong
skills in integration. An ad hoc structure is set up to oversee each
integration process.

@ The Group Strategy department is tasked with designing and
overseeing the integration plan, whatever it may be, and with
coordinating communication for all stakeholders (acquired
company, Business Units concerned within Groupe SEB, and
markets concerned by the acquisition). For WMF, the Integration
Committee is specifically guided by the Chairman and CEO, i.e.
exceptional governance in view of the size of the acquisition and
the diversity of WMF's activities.

@ The Group Controlling department, together with the Strategy
department, integrates the new entities into the Group’s reporting
and decision-making processes. This ensures reliable and regular
monitoring of the business plan and key indicators previously
defined by the operational entities concerned.

& The Information Systems department develops a plan to achieve
consistency in communication systems.

@ The Human Resources department assists the relevant teams (the
acquired company and Groupe SEB employees concerned) in order
to integrate new employees into a homogenous environment as
smoothly as possible.

@ The Audit and Internal Control department implements its standard
processes and carries out an audit mission during the integration
phase, to make an inventory of processes with shortcomings and
identify the relative action plan.

COUNTRY DEFAULT

Risk description

The Group's presence in nearly 150 countries exposes it to currency
risk (described on p.35) but also to risks of political, economic,
monetary or social instability, especially in emerging countries, where
it achieves a significant percentage of its turnover. Any major political,
economic or social change in countries where the Group is established
could have a direct impact on its business, locally or globally (if
its industrial activities are taken into consideration). In particular,
periods of deep economic recession in some emerging countries, or
protectionist policies, could have a significant impact on the Group's
operations, and therefore on its results, in the countries concerned.

Risk management

@ Constantly adapting to changes in the market is an integral part of
the Group’s know-how. A three-year projection of the operations
of each subsidiary, including an analysis of local risks, is carried
out every year and reviewed by the Group Executive Committee.

@ Arisk map is also drawn up each year by the Audit and Internal
Control department, in collaboration with the management teams
of the entities concerned, to assess the evolution of risks (political,
social, economic, etc.) for each country.

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

@ Generally speaking, the Group's international presence - both
commercial and industrial - helps to diversify risks, as they can be
offset between countries and geographical areas.

INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND PERSONAL DATA
PROTECTION

Risk description

Information systems are embedded within the Group's businesses,
in terms of both operational processes (production management,
accounting, reporting, etc.) and means of communication (telephone,
mail, networks, tablets and objects connected to the mobile network).
Any failure of these tools would have a potentially significant impact
on the Group (including in the case of intentional or unintentional
contamination of systems by a computer virus).

In addition, our infrastructure and applications are constantly renewed
and upgraded, which may affect operational functioning.

Lastly, the sharp increase in the volume of information processed and
the development of connected objects are making data management
processes and tools more complex and more technical. This -
combined with the reinforcement of international regulations on data
protection (particularly GDPR in Europe) - significantly increases the
impact that a security breach could have on data.

Risk management

@ Acoordinated watch with several suppliers specializing in systems
protection and security aims to monitor developments and actions
to counter cybercrime (antiviruses, firewalls, and user identification
processes). The Information Systems department draws up an
annual IT risk map, in collaboration with the Audit and Internal
Control department.

The Group has a highly centralized information systems management
policy, in order to guarantee consistency in the security and
management of tools. Specifically, most of our application servers
and data servers are hosted by third parties located in France,
in highly secure and redundant environments, enabling business
continuity without loss of data. Backup and filtering solutions
(antivirus, antispam, web filtering, etc.) are continuously reinforced.

@ Resources are specifically dedicated to these issues, both internal
(reporting to the CISO and the Information Systems Security
Committee) and external (e.g. an intrusion detection specialist).
Generally speaking, however, the Group is responsible for making
all employees accountable: specialists (developers, network
administrators, etc.) or end-users (password protection, procedures
for opening e-mails, compliance with the IS Usage Charter included
in an annex to the internal rules).

When tools are developed and new activities integrated, the
Information Systems department, in collaboration with the Group
Controlling department, sets up dedicated transition/project teams
to ramp up new systems while maintaining existing systems to
ensure a smooth and seamless transition.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 31 |


--- Page 23 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

@ Groupe SEB regards data protection as imperative and fully in line
with the Group's values and Code of Ethics. In particular, the Group
has a structure in place to prepare for the new European General
Data Protection regulation (GDPR) in 2018. Hence, the monitoring of
information protection has been strengthened by the creation of the
cross-functional position of Data Privacy Coordinator, whose role is
to coordinate the various functions, especially local, in interaction
with the Data Protection Officers. In addition, a working group
ensures the implementation of a response plan in the event of a
security breach in our personal information management systems.

@ In this context, connected products are subject to specific
monitoring: extra security requirements for these products and their
computer protocols, and technical analyses of certain products
and their IT environment on the cloud to validate their robustness.

@ Lastly, it should be noted that insurance specifically covering
attacks on the IT systems has been taken out by the Group. This
policy also covers attacks on personal data. Further details are
provided on p.37.

SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Description of risk

The health and safety of its employees are among Groupe SEB’s
foremost concerns. Nonetheless, the risk of occupational illness or
workplace accidents damaging physical integrity or posing a threat to
human life cannot be ruled out. With nearly 40 industrial sites world-
wide and just over 24,000 employees at these sites, there is a constant
risk of accidents (particularly minor accidents). Despite the Group’s
efforts to limit such workplace accidents and occupational illness,
their occurrence cannot be completely ruled out, and could have a
detrimental effect on the Group's operations and results in the event
of civil or criminal sanctions, and on its reputation.

Although the Group’s industrial operations are subject to multiple
environmental risk management and control measures, they are
nevertheless exposed to residual risks of pollution or environmental
accidents.

Management of risk

The Group's health and safety policy is extremely strict and is overseen
by the Health and Safety department. It is based on the following
key areas:

@ the systematic establishment of an organization dedicated to health,
safety and the environment at all sites;

@ standard health and safety indicators with associated targets,
monitored on a monthly basis at all sites and resulting in
improvement actions for hazardous situations;

@ immediate reporting of any incident or accident to Group
management, accompanied by an analysis and remedial action
plan;

™ mandatory safety training: relating to workstations, the use of
personal protection equipment, musculoskeletal disorders, etc.

@ Details of Group initiatives to reduce workplace accidents and
musculoskeletal disorders are provided in Chapter 3 on Corporate
social responsibility on pages 111 to 114.

@ With regard to environmental risk management, measures to assess
risks, prevent pollution and reduce environmental impacts are
implemented locally and coordinated at Group level by the Quality
and Environment department: a dedicated staff member at the
Group's head office is responsible for defining shared standards.
These standards are based on local regulations and the best
practices of the sites.

BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND DEPENDENCE
ON SUPPLIERS

Description of risk

Because of its size and product diversity, Groupe SEB manages
an increasingly complex procurement process that includes raw
materials, components and finished products. Given the Group’s
significant purchasing volumes, an excessive concentration of
suppliers could result in dependence and therefore a substantial risk to
business continuity in the event of default (delay, interruption in activity,
termination of commercial relationship, major incident e.g. fire, etc.).

Management of risk

The Group is particularly careful to spread its risk base and limit its
dependence in terms of procurement. Its priority is to ensure continuity
of production under optimum economic conditions, while conforming
to ethical principles, and to have alternatives at its disposal within a
single product family or for a specific technology. Since 2017, WMF
has been in the Group’s direct purchasing scope, with the gradual
integration of some of its key suppliers into the Group’s panel. In this
temporary configuration, in 2017, the panel of direct suppliers for
manufacturing supplies comprised 463 suppliers (475 in 2016), with
global purchasing coverage of 72% (compared with 85% in 2016).

PRODUCT QUALITY AND RISKS RELATED
TO PRODUCT LIABILITY

Description of risk

The Group is particularly vigilant in matters of consumer safety and
pays the utmost attention to the safety of raw materials, components
and finished products. It may, however, have to accept liability or
witness its image, or that of its brands, being tarnished as a result of
a product malfunction. Instances of users being hurt when a product
malfunctions or is used inappropriately cannot be ruled out. The
Group is, therefore, exposed to risks of warranty or liability claims
from customers and consumers. Product recalls may prove necessary
in some cases, harming the brand image and generating significant
costs.

32 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 24 ---

Meanwhile, regulations regarding food products and materials liable
to create a health risk are constantly changing (generally moving
towards a tightening of standards) and are sometimes preceded by
viral campaigns about the harmfulness of certain materials. Any of
these situations might generate a risk zone for the Group if one or
more of the materials concerned were used in the production of our
products.

Management of risk

The Group's quality policy is fully incorporated into the design and
manufacture of all products: each stage of product design is part of
a standard quality process and is subject to successive approvals,
particularly with regard to the components used, the materials
implemented, and the suppliers selected.

To manage such risks, the Group carries out numerous quality controls
on the products that it markets. It also endeavors to include user
information sheets with its products to warn of potentially hazardous
uses.

In the markets, the Group uses a network (usually outsourced) of
service centers, which manage product repair and follow-up. The
service centers receive regular and comprehensive training from the
Group so that they can provide optimum support to customers with
concerns about any of our products. The service centers are also
authorized to handle customer complaints, repairs under and outside
warranty, and the sale of spare parts and consumables, in order to
provide the best level of service to our customers.

With regard to potential health risks, the Group has set up a regulatory
and technical watch process (on all media, including the internet).
This ensures that standards and restrictions in this area (including,
amongst other things, the update following the European Directive on
Dangerous Substances) are rolled out to the R&D teams.

The Group has also recorded a provision for product warranty costs
based on historical statistics and has put in place insurance coverage
for civil liability (see paragraph on Insurance).

SUPPLY CHAIN AND SEASONALITY

Description of risk

As the Group operates on a global scale, the logistics flows in place
are increasingly complex. The Group's factories supply a large number
of markets, leading to a strong dependence on certain logistics routes
(China to Europe, China to the United States, Europe to the Middle
East or the Americas, etc.). Particularly in the event of natural risks, a
failure of the factories, modes of transport or warehouse operations
could have a significant impact on the Group's activity and profitability.

In addition, a high percentage of products are sold during holiday
periods or for special events (back to school, Black Friday, Christmas,
Chinese New Year, Singles’ Day, etc.). A substantial proportion of
sales is therefore generated at the end of the year. Thus, both sales
and earnings are traditionally heavily weighted towards the fourth

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

quarter. Any disruptions affecting the economic environment during
these periods could have an adverse effect on Group results.

Some products are also dependent on weather conditions such as,
for example, fans in Latin America and Southeast Asia.

Management of risk

@ The Group takes an active approach to industrial risk prevention by
conducting regular audits, investing in maintenance and optimizing
certain processes in order to limit the probability of such risks
occurring.

@ The European, US and Chinese sites are generally not, or only
slightly, exposed to major natural risks (hurricanes, floods,
earthquakes, etc.), and the same is true of the warehouses.

@ With regard to logistics routes, there is no systematic redundancy
possible for all flows, but the Group encourages as many alternative
routes as possible, such as river transport, as part of its sustainable
development policy.

@ Lastly, the Group also strives to boost its business outside highly
seasonal periods by launching new products or by implementing
marketing initiatives. The planning process makes it possible to
anticipate and adapt the capacities of production sites, warehouses
and means of transport to strong seasonal variations.

CLIMATE CHANGE

Description of risk

Due to its industrial and commercial activity, Groupe SEB is exposed to
acertain number of risks that are directly related to weather conditions
(storms, droughts, flooding, heat waves, etc.), and therefore, more
widely, to climate change.

Management of risk

& This is a global issue, but at its level the Group incorporates
measures against climate change far upstream of internal
processes, starting in the product design phase. The Group focuses
as well on optimizing the use of raw materials as on ensuring energy
efficiency, repairability, recyclability and transport optimization in
order to reduce its products’ carbon footprint. It thus measures
the greenhouse gas emissions stemming from the production and
transport of its products and has set itself four ambitious goals to
be met by 2020:

= 20% less energy consumption by electrical products (base year:
2013);

= 20% less energy consumption by production plants (base year:
2010);

= Incorporation of at least 20% recycled materials in new products;

™ 20% fewer greenhouse gas emissions from transporting products
(base year: 2013).

A report on these commitments at end-2017 is provided in
section 3.9.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 33 |


--- Page 25 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

@ In 2016, Groupe SEB signed up to the Science Based Targets
initiative launched in 2015 by WWF together with the Global
Compact (UN), the WRI (World Resources Institute) and the CDP
(Carbon Disclosure Project). This initiative encourages multinational
groups to bring their greenhouse gas emission reduction targets
into line with the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change)
recommendations to limit average global warming to less than 2°C.

@ With regard to the assessment of climate-change related risks
and the steps taken by the Group to reduce them as a part of
its environmental strategy, please refer to Chapter 3, section 3.9
“Reduction of environmental impacts”.

LAWS AND REGULATIONS

Description of risk

The international regulatory environment has tightened over the years,
with a proliferation of directives, laws and regulations on various
subjects: Personal data protection (GDPR), anti-corruption (SAPIN II,
UK Bribery Act, US Bribery Act), cash flows (countries under embargo),
stock market regulations (MIFID II, MAR, etc.), taxation (tax evasion,
“black-listed” countries, tax changes, customs duties, etc.), the duty
of vigilance of parent companies and principals, rules on competition,
etc.

Any deviation from these regulations constitutes a risk factor on two
levels: first, there is a risk of conviction or fines, for potentially very
significant amounts; then there is also an image and reputational
risk, in the event that a proven breach is made public, with the
consequences described above, vis-a-vis our partners and customers.

Management of risk

@ Compliance with international and local regulations is a Group
priority, and compliance with the law is part of our Code of Ethics.
All Group operations must comply with local regulations on
employment, accounting, tax, the environment, etc.

@ Each local management team is responsible for applying these
rules, including the general manager and chief financial officer of
the subsidiary, with the support of central or local legal teams, or
a local law firm.

@ The new regulations with an international dimension are the
responsibility of the Compliance Committee described on p. 27,
and a specific Group action plan has been put in place (SAPIN II
and Duty of Vigilance laws).

@ The Group is developing training courses adapted to regulatory
developments within an overall “Compliance” training program. The
program includes a “Code of Ethics” training course as a starting
point, as well as more specific training such as an “Antitrust” course
that defines the rules and conduct that comply with competition law
in relations with third parties, a “Personal Data Protection” course
following the GDPR regulation, and an “Anti-corruption” course in
line with the requirements of SAPIN II.

@ The Group also works with an outside partner, “Intertek”, to carry
out social audits of our suppliers, based on international working
condition standards (Working Condition Assessments)

INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL FRAUDS

Risk description

The Group's expansion into new geographical areas, the development
of technological resources likely to facilitate fraud, and greater
competitive pressure, are all factors that increase the risks of fraud
situations, whether originating internally or externally, occurring within
Group entities.

In addition, the number of attempted “fake President” frauds (involving
the theft of identities of members of the Group’s Executive Committee)
is steadily growing.

Management of risk

@ With respect to the fight against external fraud, a process of
systematically reporting information on attempted fraud to the
Audit and Internal Control department allows the Group to analyze
these situations, inform all entities of the risks and respond quickly
by implementing new checks (particularly updating our firewalls).
A major initiative to raise awareness among financial employees
and the systematic implementation of dual checks, for example,
have enabled the Group to fight against attempts of identity theft at
customer, supplier and Group manager levels through technological
means.

Fraud risks in our market companies were mapped in 2016. This
forms the basis for tests performed on our IT systems by the Audit
and Internal Control department to identify potential fraud. This
approach is reinforced every year by measures including the use
of a specialized tool for processing and analyzing data, based on
the Group's information systems.

Finally, the Group’s standard processes are regularly reviewed to
ensure that fraud risks are taken into account. This review results
in the reinforcement of the processes if necessary (for example,
additional controls on changes of bank account for suppliers).

Page 31 provides more details on the management of computer
security.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Description of risk

The Group has a large portfolio of international and regional,
premium and core registered brands. This portfolio gives the Group
a competitive advantage and continues to grow as a result of the
recent acquisitions. The Group also has a substantial portfolio of
domain names. Innovations give rise to industrial patent applications
(642 filings in 2017 worldwide) and the filing of designs and pattern
along with other intellectual property assets protected by copyright
(such as a large database of cooking recipe photographs, for example).

The recognition enjoyed by Groupe SEB’s brands and the success
of its innovations lead to the infringement of various of its intellectual
property rights (patents, trademarks, designs), cybersquatting
(registration of a domain name that matches a protected trademark),
and phishing.

34 | GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 26 ---

Conversely, the Group’s active innovation approach is likely to invite
criticism if one of its new products is positioned in conflict with a
patent or a design already filed by a competitor. This would result in
a litigation, reputational or financial risk in the event of a recall of the
product concerned.

Management of risk

@ the Group allocates the budgets required to protect and develop
its key intangible assets such as trademarks and innovation, and
to combat counterfeiting. A strategy of targeted registration of
trademarks, designs and patents has been implemented, taking
into account the sales outlook and high-risk countries;

= anti-counterfeiting measures are being systematically applied in
the field, primarily in high-risk countries such as China and the
Middle East (monitoring of trade fairs, investigations, customs
seizures, legal actions, destruction of molds and inventories) as
well as in high-stake trading countries,

= anti-counterfeiting measures are being taken against online
piracy (marketplaces, websites) thanks to a global monitoring
system that generates regular reports and makes it possible to
take rapid action to remove online copies and combat trademark
infringement and cybersquatting;

competitive intelligence is integrated into the product innovation and
development process. Many product launch projects are subject to a
freedom to operate analysis of the trademarks, designs and patents
before validation and launch. Nevertheless, the probability remains
that a prior industrial property right has not been identified, and in
this case, the Group may have to modify its technical or aesthetic
construction to eliminate any risk of litigation or involve specialist
external partners to assist it in settling any dispute out of court.

CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS AND SENSITIVITY

Description of risk

Groupe SEB has a commercial presence in nearly 150 countries. With
production rather concentrated in Europe and in China, its business
is, therefore, highly exposed to transaction currency risk when its
products are billed to its customers in a currency that is different
from that used in production. This makes managing foreign exchange
fluctuations a competitive priority. There is also a translation effect
when converting revenues and earnings from different countries into
euros on consolidation. Currency fluctuations can have a significant
impact on the Group’s results.

Management of risk

@ The Group's currency position is short in dollars and yuan and long
in all other currencies. To limit its risk, the Group hedges a portion
of its highly probable future cash flows, as well as almost all of
its balance sheet transaction risk, by means of forward contracts
and options.

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

@ Given the sometimes sudden fluctuations in exchange rates, the
Group constantly adapts its pricing policy: increasing sale prices
to preserve the local profitability of commercial subsidiaries, where
the relevant currency depreciates against the production currency,
and adjusting prices downwards to preserve market momentum
and competitiveness if exchange rates improve.

@ Details of currency risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note 26.2.1).

COMMODITY RISK

Description of risk

Groupe SEB uses a certain number of commodities in its manufacturing
processes: aluminum (for cookware), nickel (for certain steel alloys,
mainly stainless steel), copper (mainly wire for motors and electric
cords), plastics (a key material in small electrical appliances) and
paper/cardboard products for printed documents and packaging.
These materials and components vary as a percentage of direct
purchases for the Group: hence, aluminum accounted for 15% of
direct spend in 2017, steel/metallic parts for 16%, plastics/plastic
parts for 21% and electrical/electronic components for 23%.

The Group is therefore exposed to risks concerning the availability of
commodities and fluctuations in their prices. These include both a risk
of shortages and of being forced to pass all or part of price increases
on to consumers, which could affect performance (sales and earnings).

Management of risk

@ To deal with this exposure, Groupe SEB has implemented a hedging
policy intended to protect it against the effects of abrupt changes in
the prices of metals and thus enable it to avoid any brisk changes
in sale prices. This policy has no speculative purpose but, for any
given year and in relation to actual market prices, may produce:

= Positive impacts when commodity prices are rising;
= Negative impacts when commodity prices are falling.

@ In addition, the Group constantly endeavors to improve its
manufacturing productivity and to reduce its purchasing costs,
which both help to offset market volatility.

= Commodity risks are dealt with in Note 26.2.3 to the Financial
Statements.

DEBT, LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST RATES

Description of risk

The Group uses various forms of financing (bank loans, private
placements, bonds, commercial papers, etc.), and is therefore subject
to interest rate, liquidity and counterparty risk.

1

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 35 |


--- Page 27 ---

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

Management of risk

@ The Group uses mostly fixed-rate loans, in particular with long
maturities, in currencies that correspond to its needs (mainly the
euro, Brazilian real and US dollar). The longest maturity among
these loans (2026) is fixed-rate, making it possible for the Group
to protect itself against the likelihood of interest rate rises. Details
of interest rate risks are given in the notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements (Note 26.2.2).

Liquidity risk management is handled centrally by the Treasury and
Financing department. It is based on a solid financing architecture
and diversified over the short and medium-terms, with commercial
paper, syndicated loans, Schuldschein private placements and
bonds. Groupe SEB also has unused confirmed medium-term credit
lines with leading banks.

The Group considers itself to have little exposure to financial
counterparty risk, as it prioritizes relationships with leading banks
and diversifies its counterparty portfolio.

Details of the maturity dates of the instruments used and the
financing sources available are provided in Notes 24, 25 and 26 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

INSURANCE

GROUP GENERAL INSURANCE COVER
(EXCLUDING PERSONAL INSURANCE)

Groupe SEB’s policy concerning insurance coverage is, on the one
hand, to protect its assets against risks that could affect the Group
and, on the other, to cover its liability for any damages caused to third
parties. This transfer of risk to insurance companies is nonetheless
accompanied by risk protection and prevention measures. For
confidentiality reasons, the amount of the premiums is not disclosed.
Acquired companies are incorporated into global insurance programs.

INTEGRATED WORLDWIDE COVERAGE

The Group has established worldwide insurance plans with major
international insurers to protect itself against major risks, which include
damage to property and loss of earnings, civil liability, environment,
transport and inventory and customer risks.

DAMAGE TO ASSETS AND LOSS OF EARNINGS

Coverage for risk of property damage and consequent loss of
earnings resulting from common risks (fire, flooding, etc.) amounts to
€250 million per claim for factories and warehouses, with an additional
€150 million for certain strategic sites.

This figure was calculated using the “Maximum Foreseeable Loss”
hypothesis in consultation with the insurer and its assessors, who
analyzed the impact of the total destruction of one of the Group's main
production centers. Lower thresholds are in place for other types of

RISKS RELATING TO SHARES

Description of risk

As at 31 December 2017, Groupe SEB held 534,706 treasury shares
with an acquisition cost of €67,287,456. This treasury stock is
deducted from shareholders’ equity at acquisition cost.

Management of risk

@ Based on the closing SEB share price on 31 December 2017
(€154.45), the market value of shares held in treasury at that date
stood at €82,585,341.70. This market value has no impact on the
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements and the change has
no impact on the consolidated income statement or shareholders’
equity.

@ Further information on equity risks is given in Note 26.2.4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. This data also includes the risk
regarding financial instruments and the Supor share, which is listed
on the Shenzhen stock market.

more specific or localized risk, such as the risk of earthquake in certain
regions where the Group operates abroad.

This policy takes into consideration additional risk protection measures
at Group sites, which are regularly visited by specialist risk prevention
assessors from the insurance companies concerned.

CIVIL LIABILITY

All the Group's subsidiaries are included in a worldwide civil liability
insurance plan that covers liability relating to their operations and the
products that they manufacture or distribute, as well as the cost of
product recalls.

The amounts of coverage are based on the quantification of the risks
to which the Group is exposed in view of its business.

The Group also covers its management for civil liability under a specific
insurance policy.

ENVIRONMENT

Amulti-risk environmental insurance policy covers environmental risks
on all Group sites.

Coverage applies to:

® accidental, historical and gradual pollution;
lm damage to biodiversity;

& pollution clean-up costs.

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 28 ---

TRANSPORT AND INVENTORY

The Group's transport insurance covers damage to transported
merchandise for all types of transport: sea, road/rail or air transport
anywhere in the world.

This insurance covers transport risks up to an amount of €10 million
per occurrence.

It also covers incidents occurring at warehouses up to a maximum
of €15 million, with any amount over this limit being covered by the
policy for damage to property and loss of earnings.

CYBER

Financial protection held by Groupe SEB against attacks on its IT
systems covers damage and liability for a total amount of €15 million.

Introduction to the Group

Risk factors

This broad-scope insurance policy also covers attacks on personal
data.

CUSTOMER RISK

With rare exceptions relating to local issues, the Group’s subsidiaries
hold credit risk insurance under a Group plan to cover the majority of
their risk on customer receivables.

LOCAL INSURANCE POLICIES

More specific insurance policies are taken out locally by each of the
Group's companies, as appropriate.

|-

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 37 |


--- Page 29 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2017 highlights

41. 2017 highlights

GENERAL ENVIRONMENT

In 2017, the Small Domestic Equipment market once again performed
well and even accelerated in the great majority of countries. The
few major declining markets included: the UK, which remains in an
uncertain position after the Brexit vote (lower household confidence
and renewed inflation following the depreciation of sterling), and
Japan, whose recovery in consumption has only been very gradual,
despite budgetary stimuli.

Outside the United Kingdom, the economies of the eurozone remained
generally well-oriented and benefited from firm consumption (an
almost universal increase in employment and wages) and even robust
consumption in some countries (e.g. Germany, Spain, Portugal, and
France). In a competitive and promotional context, the Small Domestic
Equipment market in this area continues to be driven by innovation
and upscaling.

In the United States, despite consumer confidence, the Small Domestic
Equipment market reflects a marked dichotomy between rapid growth
in online commerce and an unprecedented crisis in traditional, bricks-
and-mortar retailing. The consequences have been many, ranging
from tighter management of inventories, massive destocking and store
closures to the financial collapse of some brands. This situation, which
can also be seen in Canada, complicates and significantly hinders
business activity with the affected customer retailers.

CURRENCIES

It should be remembered that the US dollar and the Chinese yuan
are currencies for which the Group is “short”, i.e. the weight of its
purchases denominated in these currencies is greater than that of
its sales.

2017 was marked by a near-continuous weakening of the US dollar,
which accelerated from the second quarter. This bout of weakness
went in tandem with a strengthening of the euro against the major
currencies. On average over the year, the euro/dollar parity was thus
down by 3%, but the year-on-year decrease was 14% at 31 December.
For its part, and by comparison with the euro, the yuan depreciated
by 3% on average over the year (-7% at 31 December).

In the case of “long” currencies, in which the Group has revenues
higher than its costs, the trend was downward, as most of the Group's
main currencies depreciated against the euro. These depreciations
were significant in countries with high inflation: the Egyptian pound
was down 49%, the Turkish lira down 19% and the Argentine peso

In the emerging markets, 2017 ended on a very positive overall note,
despite the return of currency volatility in the second half of the year. In
China — in a political context favorable to household consumption - the
Small Domestic Equipment market remained well oriented, stimulated
by increasing urbanization, gains in purchasing power and a surge in
e-commerce. In Brazil, the market has certainly returned to growth,
but while the environment is normalizing (with inflation at a record low),
many uncertainties remain (including political uncertainties). In Russia,
the market is structurally volatile and highly dependent on oil prices,
but since the summer of 2016 it has been rebounding strongly - worth
noting after more than two difficult years. In Turkey, the market has
performed well against a backdrop of fiscal stimulus, high inflation and
persistent political risks. Lastly, in India, market growth was severely
hampered in the first six months of the year by government reforms
(demonetization of notes and introduction of a single VAT system),
before recovering slightly at the end of the year.

Overall growth in the Small Domestic Equipment market in 2017
was very geographically diversified, as it was by product category:
a positive momentum continued in electrical cooking, floor care
(particularly in Europe), air purification (driven by Asia), fans (particularly
in Europe, unlike in Latin America, due to the weather conditions), and
in beverage preparation and cookware; but there was more moderate
growth in food preparation and the linen care market, despite a boom
in the garment steamer category.

down 14% (annual average). They were more measured in other
countries: sterling was down 11%, the Ukrainian hryvnia down 8% and
the Mexican peso down 3%. The currencies most closely correlated
to commodities/oil were exceptions, with respective appreciation of
4% in the Brazilian real and 10% in the Russian ruble.

In response to constant exchange rate volatility, the Group has
hedged for several years certain currencies to limit sudden effects on
its performance or to smooth out its impact over time. At the same
time, it implements an agile pricing policy, passing on tariff increases
to compensate for the adverse effects of weakened currencies on
local profitability.

In 2017, exchange rate fluctuations had a total negative impact
of €98 million on the Group's sales (compared with an impact of
-€122 million in 2016) and -€10 million on the Operating Result from
Activity (-€122 million in 2016).

148] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 30 ---

RAW MATERIALS AND TRANSPORT

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain raw
materials, including metals such as aluminum, nickel (used in stainless
steel) and copper. It is also exposed to price changes in plastics
used in the manufacture of small electrical appliances and paper
for packaging. These exposures are direct (for in-house production),
or indirect if the manufacturing of the product is outsourced to
subcontractors. In order to spread over time the effects of sometimes
abrupt fluctuations in metal prices, the Group partially hedges its
requirements (aluminum and nickel) which protects it in the event of
a sharp rise in prices, but which results in some inertia in the event
of decline.

After several years of decline and a low point in early 2016, commodity
prices have started to recover since that date, with an acceleration of
the rise at the end of 2016, which continued throughout 2017. Thus,
aluminum prices increased by 23% on average in 2017 (i.e. an average
price of $1,970 per ton, compared with $1,605 in 2016). In a market in
which volatility continued, copper also rose by 27%, averaging $6,170
per ton, compared with $4,860 in 2016. Lastly, the same trend has
been seen in nickel, but to a lesser extent, with an 8% increase and an
average price of $10,411, compared with $9,609 in the previous year.

After Russia and the OPEC members reduced their production, the
price of oil per barrel hit a two-year high: it stood at $67 at the end
of December 2017, with an average price of $55 over 12 months,
up 22%. At the same time, plastics prices rose sharply (particularly
thermoplastics).

Paper prices followed this uptrend, as shortages in the Asian market
accelerated. As a reminder, the Chinese government decided in
October 2016 to put stricter regulations in place, resulting in the
closure of several paper mills. Paper prices increased by 30% on
average in Asia, which was reflected in the European market (+10%).

Furthermore, although the cost of road transport remained broadly
stable over the year, this was not the case for sea freight (Asia Pacific/
Europe/America), which reached historically low levels in 2016, driving
prices upwards in 2017.

CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

On 11 May 2017, the Annual General Meeting of SEB S.A. approved
the reorganization of the Board of Directors, resulting in:

@ a reduction in the size and the recomposition of the Board of
Directors, in order to incorporate an employee director representing
shareholders and an employee director, while meeting the target
quotas for female representation (46%) and independence (33%).
The Board of Directors was thus composed of 13 members
following the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2017, and has
had 14 members since the appointment by the Works Council of the
directors representing employees within six months of the Annual
General Meeting;

Commentary on the financial year
2017 highlights

@ the reappointment as directors for four years of Yseulys Costes and
FFP Invest, represented by Bertrand Finet;

@ the ratification of the appointment by co-option of Delphine
Bertrand to replace Tristan Boiteux, who had resigned, for a period
of one year;

@ the appointment of Brigitte Forestier as director representing
employee shareholders, for a period of four years;

@ the resignations of Bruno Bich, Tristan Boiteux, Pascal Girardot,
and Christian Peugeot.

INTEGRATION OF WMF

The acquisition of WMF was completed on 30 November 2016.
The launch of WMF's integration was therefore a priority in 2017,
implemented through a global approach guided by a Combined
Integration Committee made up of employees from Groupe SEB and
WWF. The process is structured around 22 projects, including 10 to
link up WMF to Groupe SEB and 12 to create value.

In terms of organization, WMF’s management team was strengthened
and the Group mobilized Group experts to contribute to and optimize
the progress of the projects. The Consumer business was structured
into a Business Unit with a strengthening of strategic marketing and
the creation of a Business Development function. It underwent a
commercial restructuring with, on the one hand, the attachment of
the German/Swiss/Austrian sales team to the Chairman and CEO
of WMF, and, on the other, the taking over of the activity by Groupe
SEB's subsidiaries in seven other countries. The professional business
- coffee and hotel equipment - is still managed on the basis of a
specific organization.

Several initial projects have already been implemented, relating to
purchasing and supply chain harmonization, product offerings in the
Consumer business, progress with the optimization of the WMF retail
network and the strengthening of the sales and increased digitization
of the Professional Coffee business. A Premium structure was created,
bringing together the All-Clad, Lagostina, WMF, and Silit brands, with
a dedicated sales force.

As well as the organizational and structural aspects, the immediate
linking up of the key functions was also crucial. In terms of Human
Resources, the focus was immediately placed on the merging and
collaboration of the Groupe SEB - WMF teams, the alignment
of Human Resources management (training, job transfers, talent
management, etc.) and variable compensation schemes for senior
management. In Finance, the approach was implemented, in particular,
around the harmonization of accounting principles, the implementation
of reporting tools and Group processes and the centralization of
certain corporate functions such as treasury, tax and internal audit.
At the same time, the harmonization of information systems was
launched straight away. This represents a major challenge for WMF’s
tie-up with Groupe SEB, and will be spread over several years.

|=

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 +49]


--- Page 31 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2017 highlights

ACQUISITION OF SWIZZZ PROZZZ

In June, the Group completed its acquisition of Swiss company Swizzz
Prozzz, a specialist in mini hand choppers with high-performance
multiple blades. Swizzz Prozzz’s products had been marketed
under license through various kitchen utensil brands: the business
generates proforma annual sales of around €10 million. With this
acquisition, Groupe SEB has continued its expansion in kitchen
utensils, with simple products that are easy to use, affordable and
very complementary to its ranges.

SUCCESSFUL PLACEMENT OF A NEW
500 MILLION, SEVEN-YEAR BOND

In 2017, Groupe SEB successfully placed a €500 million bond
maturing in seven years (on 31 May 2024), with a coupon of 1.50%.
This issue was four times oversubscribed by a diverse investor base.
It allows Groupe SEB to further strengthen the architecture of its debt
by securing its medium-term financing, extending the average maturity
of its debt and obtaining attractive financing conditions.

ACQUISITION OF CALL OPTIONS

In two transactions of identical size (28 July and 7 December), Groupe
SEB acquired, 60,000 US call options in 2017, relating to 60,000
treasury shares. The acquisition of these call options will enable the
Group to partially cover its obligations for the delivery of existing
treasury shares or payment, in relation to the eventual exercising of
the conversion rights of the ORNAE (bonds redeemable in cash and/
or for existing shares), maturing on 17 November 2021.

CREATION OF A GLOBAL INNOVATION HUB FOR
SMALL ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES IN ECULLY

Following on from the creation of the Products and Innovation
department in September 2015, the Group has decided to bring
together, at its global headquarters in Ecully, the marketing and
research teams of the kitchen electrics business, currently based in
Selongey, with those of the home and personal care business. The aim
is to optimize the innovation process, gaining agility and transversality.
The teams will be set up gradually, starting in the summer of 2017,
and 230 employees from the marketing and research teams will be
relocated to the Group's global headquarters by the summer of 2018.

ONGOING INDUSTRIAL RESTRUCTURING
IN BRAZIL

In 2017, the Group began the final phase of the reorganization of
its industrial facilities in Brazil, combining the Brazilian production
activities of Mooca and Sao Bernardo do Campo within a single,
modern industrial site at Itatiaia in Rio de Janeiro State.

The historic plant at Mooca, in the heart of the Sao Paulo megalopolis,
was suffering from productivity levels below Group standards as well
as major logistical limitations. The new plant in Itatiaia is located in a

fast-growing industrial area with a design that is fully in line with all of
the Group’s industrial and environmental standards. A new logistics
center is located nearby, which is helping to optimize customer service
across Brazil's entire South Region.

The relocation took place in several phases: it began in November 2016
with the iron manufacturing lines, and ended with completion of the
full relocation of Mooca’s lines at the end of August 2017. This has
been followed, in a second phase, by the relocation of Sao Bernardo
do Campo’s cookware lines, which is scheduled for completion at the
end of the first half of 2018.

This project highlights the Group's commitment to modernize its
manufacturing base in a country where economic conditions remain
very challenging and the foreign exchange environment demands
significant gains in productivity.

AWARDS FOR GROUPE SEB

Groupe SEB received a wide variety of awards:

The CSR Grand Prix at the Responsible
Consumption Awards organized by the ESSEC
business school

On 1 February 2017, for the second time in a row, Groupe SEB was
awarded the CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Grand Prix at the
Responsible Consumption Awards organized by the ESSEC Business
School. Launched at the behest of ESSEC’s Chair of Fast-Moving
Consumer Goods, this award was organized in partnership with the
French Ministry of the Economy, Industry and Digital Sector. In this
category, the Group was rewarded by the jury for its commitment to
ensuring that its products remain repairable for a period of 10 years.
In addition to this prize, it was the quality of all the projects submitted
by the Group that allowed it to win the CSR Grand Prix.

Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise named 2016
“Financier of the Year”

As part of the award organized by ANDESE (Association Nationale des
Docteurs és Sciences Economiques et en Sciences de Gestion) and
the weekly magazine /nvestir-Journal des finances, Thierry de La Tour
d’Artaise was elected 2016 “Financier of the Year”. He was presented
with the award on 18 April by Frangois Villeroy de Galhau, Governor
of the Bank of France. The “Financier of the Year” award, which was
created in 1984, is presented to the person who has contributed the
most during the past year to the development of financial activity
in France. A jury of more than 300 members of the French financial
community voted on the five nominees for the award.

Innovation Award at the 2017 Digital
Transformation Awards

The second edition of the Digital Transformation Awards presented
Groupe SEB with one of its four “Innovation Awards”, alongside
SNCF, FDJ and Nantes Métropole Habitat. Organized by the Solutions
Numériques trade review, these awards recognize enterprises that,
thanks to digital, have been able to reinvent and transform their
organization, their products or their business model, with gains in

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 32 ---

terms of growth and customer or internal benefits. Groupe SEB
stood out by creating connected products and combating planned
obsolescence, which is detrimental to consumers, by providing an
extended warranty and supplying spare parts produced by 3D printers.

First prize at 2017 “Cristal des Achats”

Groupe SEB’s Purchasing department won first prize at the 2017
“Cristal des Achats” event held by the French National Purchasing
Board to reward best practice. The prize was presented to Hervé
Montaigu, the Group’s Purchasing Director, and Perrine Baylin,
Purchasing Performance Manager, at the “Université des Achats”
event on 15 May. The award related to the “purchasing maturity
grid” built using OPS tools during a workshop involving 12 French,
German and Chinese buyers. The Group’s various purchasing teams
can now assess themselves on the basis of several criteria, and define
an annual plan for progress in the areas that are most important for
them, while sharing and challenging themselves around best practices
and successes.

Award for best Finance department

At the seventh edition of the Leaders of Finance Awards held by
Décideurs Magazine/Leaders League on 20 April in Paris, Vincent
Léonard, Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance received the
award for the Best Finance department of an international group.
The ceremony was held during a gala dinner attended by 700 financial
professionals from companies, banks, brokerages and specialist
consultancy firms. This award recognizes a year of record performance
and intense external growth activity.

Club des Trente Award for best financial
operation in 2016

The Club des Trente, which brings together CFOs from the largest
French groups, presented its 2016 award for best financial operation,

Commentary on the financial year
2017 highlights

mergers and acquisitions category, to Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise on
31 May. The award recognized Groupe SEB’s acquisition of WMF in
Germany. Through this award, Club des Trente seeks to demonstrate
how finance and the financial markets can be made to serve ambitious
business strategies that are compatible with the aims of sustainable
development. The jury, chaired by Vincent Descours (CFO of the
Louis Delahaize group), saw in this acquisition a future case study
for business schools. The operation, which was welcomed by the
stock market, brought together both geographical and business
complementarities: Groupe SEB has thus become the leading
cookware group in Germany and the world leader in professional
coffee machines.

Groupe SEB recognized for excellent investor
relations

Groupe SEB was selected from more than 1,500 enterprises to
receive one of “Europe’s Most Honored Companies Awards”, which
recognized the excellence of its relationships with investors, through
General Management, the Finance department and the Investor
Relations department. The award, allocated by a jury of financial
analysts and the Investors community, was presented on 26 June to
Vincent Léonard, who represented Groupe SEB at a ceremony at the
London Stock Exchange.

Best Investor Relations by a CEO award

At Forum IR, the annual French event for investor relations
professionals, which took place in December 2017, Thierry de La
Tour d’Artaise was presented with the Best Investor Relations by a
CEO award. This is the seventh time in nine events that the Group’s
financial communication and investor relations has been recognized
by Forum IR.

|=

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 +51]


--- Page 33 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2. Commentary on consolidated sales

Change
(based on exact figures, not rounded)

Sales (in € millions) 2017 2016 As reported Like-forlike
EMEA 2,690 2,495 7.8% 7.6%
Western Europe 1,962 1,834 7.0% 5.8%
Other countries 728 661 10.1% 12.6%
AMERICAS 939 919 2.2% 3.1%
North America 573 564 1.7% 3.8%
South America 366 355 3.0% 2.0%
ASIA 1,709 1,586 7.7% 15.3%
China 1,240 1,122 10.4% 21.0%
Other Asian countries 469 464 1.2% 1.6%
TOTAL EXCL. WMF 5,337 5,000 6.7% 9.2%
WMF 1,148 5.1%

GROUPE SEB 6,485 5,000 29.7%

Change
(based on exact figures, not rounded)

Sales (in € millions) Q4 2017 Q4 2016 As reported Like-forlike
EMEA 967 910 6.3% 7.9%
Western Europe 738 687 74% 8.1%
Other countries 229 223 2.8% 74%
AMERICAS 293 301 2.9% 41%
North America 185 189 -2.0% 4.2%
South America 108 112 -4.5% 3.9%
ASIA 431 421 2.5% 12.7%
China 296 278 6.2% 19.4%
Other Asian countries 135 143 -4.9% -0.5%
TOTAL EXCL. WMF 1,691 1,632 3.6% 8.4%
WMF 335 1.4%

GROUPE SEB 2,026 1,632 24.1%

152] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 34 ---

2016-2017 SALES GROWTH

In€M
5,000 6,485
+1,121
+462
+ ~.
-98
Scope
Organic Currency and Supor
growth effect reclassification*
\ “/ J
429.1%
2016 2017

* Excluding €3m in WMF sales already generated by SEB
subsidiaries and SUPOR reclassification of -€74m

After a brisk fourth quarter, Groupe SEB achieved in 2017 an excellent
performance, off of already high prior-year comparatives. In the
fourth quarter, the 24.1% increase in sales to €2,026 million breaks
down as follows: organic growth of 8.4% (+€138 million), a currency
effect of -3.8% (-€62 million), a scope effect of €338m (WMF) and a
€20m reclassification of some of Supor’s marketing spend to sales
deductions, with no impact on Operating Result from Activity. It should
also be noted that EMSA, consolidated since 1 July 2016, had no
further impact on scope in the second half of the year.

PRODUCT SALES PERFORMANCE

All the major product categories made a positive contribution to this
strong sales performance:

@ despite high comparatives, the very strong dynamic continued in
home care, with growth in activity of 30% on a like-for-like basis,
driven by all the product families. Bagless vacuum cleaners are
the main driver of growth, with further progress in Turkey, where
the Group is expanding its product offering, including with locally
manufactured products, and performing well in France, Spain,
Germany and Russia, among others. Sales are also growing rapidly
and steadily in China. In Europe and Turkey, which has adopted
European regulations on performance labeling of vacuum cleaners,
the Silence Force 4A model is a big driver of growth. Meanwhile, the
Clean and Steam vacuum cleaner has continued to grow, mainly
in France and Italy. Lastly, the launch of the Air Force 360 has

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

ORGANIC GROWTH IN SALES BY QUARTER
IN 2015, 2016, AND 2017

In %
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
1 T2 13 T4
@ 2015 @ 2016 @ 2017
+8.0% +6.1% +9.2%

The Group’s full-year sales amounted to €6,485 million, up 29.7%, with
organic growth of 9.2% (+€462 million), driven primarily by volumes,
and a currency effect of -2.0% (-€98 million, resulting mostly from the
depreciation of the yuan, the Turkish lira, the Egyptian pound and the
US dollar). The scope effect amounted to €1,195 million (WMF over 12
months and EMSA over 6 months for €1,151 million and €44 million,
respectively) and the reclassification of Supor'’s marketing spend to
-€74 million.

The robust sales growth was driven by all product lines and all
geographical areas.

enabled the Group to position itself in the new segment of versatile
handstick vacuum cleaners with a high-quality model with robust
sales, particularly in France, Germany and Spain. As in previous
years, these excellent performances resulted in increased market
share in floor care for the Group in Europe;

® double-digit growth in food preparation with, as in 2016, contrasting
situations according to product families: in blenders (the largest
market in the category), the Group repeated the very good
performance of 2016, due in particular to the very rapid growth of
high speed blenders in China and the solid development of sales in
South Korea and Mexico. In heating and cooking food processors,
business was sustained despite the non-recurrence of a special
operation on Cuisine Companion in Italy. The same was true of
small food preparation appliances (beaters, hand blenders) and

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017

4


--- Page 35 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

juicers. However, sales of soy milk extractors were down in China
(due to strong competition from high speed blenders), but gradually
recovered in meat mincers, sustained by a dynamic Russian market;

&@ solid sales growth was registered in electrical cooking, covering
nearly all the product families, except for deep fryers. Major
contributors to this dynamic include rice cookers and electric
pressure cookers in China — where Supor continues to stand out,
thanks to continuous improvement in the functionality of its products
-as well as multicookers, driven by Cookeo and Cookeo Connect,
particularly in France. Known as Cook4me internationally, Cookeo is
gradually being rolled out to other countries (e.g. Germany, Japan,
and Australia). Optigrill has also confirmed its success and has
continued its geographical expansion (in Russia, for example).
2017 was also a good year for informal meal appliances (including
sandwich makers and waffle makers), and for toasters, driven
particularly by the large-scale launch of a kitchen electrics range
under the Krups brand in the US;

@ cookware sales were extremely positive, driven by an increase in
the vast majority of countries, with the notable exception of two: the
US, where the (perhaps temporary) emergence of new players has
significantly disrupted the market in 2017 and adversely affected
T-fal’s sales in North America; and France, due to the non-recurrence
of a major loyalty program with a retailer in 2016. Excluding the US
and France, buoyant sales of pots and pans reflect both a solid
core business (China, Germany, Japan, South Korea, etc.) and new
loyalty programs in several countries (Germany, Central Europe,
Mexico, etc.). It is also worth noting that the premium segment,
served within the Group by All-Clad and Lagostina (and now also
WMF), also performed well. Meanwhile, sales of kitchen utensils
again registered strong growth, again largely driven by cups, mugs
and thermal cups in China, but steadily expanding geographically;

@ the home comfort business registered solid growth in 2017 ona
like-for-like basis. Sales of air purifiers again grew rapidly, mainly in

GEOGRAPHICAL PERFORMANCE

EMEA

Western Europe

In a European market remaining overall sound, Groupe SEB achieved
organic sales growth of 5.8% in 2017 and 8.1% in the fourth quarter.
At year-end, and despite their different environments and high
comparatives, almost all countries posted like-for-like growth. This
robust momentum translated into market share gains.

The Group delivered record performances in France, with fourth-
quarter sales of €307 million (+4.7%) and full-year sales of €791 million
(+1.4%). Despite a strong year-end, cookware revenue remained
sluggish due to the non-repeat of loyalty programs. In small electrical
appliances, however, business was excellent, driven by a broad
range of products, including vacuum cleaners (bagless, uprights,

China. Fan sales suffered throughout the year from adverse weather
conditions in Colombia and Brazil, but rebounded at the end of the
year in Brazil, thanks to the launch of new large and ceiling models,
which enabled 2017 to end in positive territory;

@@ in linen care, organic growth was also pronounced, based on two
main products types: steam generators - particularly fast-heating
models - in France, Central Europe and Turkey, for example, and
garment steamers (standing or handheld), with new advances in
China, Japan and the US, which are fast-growing markets. However,
sales of irons proved to be more difficult in an almost stable world
market, despite clear commercial success in Russia and Brazil.
The Group’s constant innovation and its ability to adapt to new
uses and local needs (as was the case with the Freemove compact
iron, launched successfully in Japan) have enabled it to strengthen
its positions;

in the beverage preparation market, the Group maintained a steady
pace of growth, thanks in particular to the major contribution of
the new Nespresso contracts signed in Switzerland and Austria,
as well as the strong performance achieved in Dolce Gusto coffee
machines, whose product offering continues to expand. Sales of
automatic espresso machines also continued to grow, particularly in
Europe, and filter coffee makers benefited from the introduction of
the new Krups range of kitchen electrics in the US. Kettle sales were
down, despite strong momentum in Japan, where the Group has
strengthened its leadership, due to a very high 2016 comparison
base in China. In home beer-tapping machines, BeerTender and Le
Sub achieved a net increase in sales compared with 2016;

lastly, in personal care, sales were up slightly on a like-for-like basis,
driven by male beauty appliances (mainly hair trimmers) and hair
removal (a loyalty program with a retailer in France), while the
Steampod professional hair straightener, designed in partnership
with L’Oréal, again registered strong sales that were nevertheless
down compared with an exceptional performance in 2016.

the Clean & Steam model and the versatile stick Air Force 360),
steam generators, Cookeo, the Cuisine Companion cooking food
processor, full-automatic espresso machines, Dolce Gusto, etc., and
led to a significant improvement in our leadership on the French small
electrical appliance market in 2017.

In Germany, the Group’s 2017 performance was outstanding. Business
was underpinned by the ongoing roll-out of flagship products such
as Optigrill, Actifry, vacuum cleaners, coffee makers (full-automatic
espresso machines, Nespresso and Dolce Gusto) and cookware — all
boosted by major growth drivers - and was further bolstered by loyalty
programs with retailers. The sharp increase in sales in Switzerland
and Austria can be attributed to new partnerships with Nespresso.
Despite the non-renewal of special sales campaigns in 2016, the
Group also had a good year in Spain where its growth, fueled by
almost all categories, strengthened its leadership offline and online.

154] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 36 ---

The core business, excluding special campaigns, was also very strong
in Italy due mainly to the confirmed success of vacuum cleaners,
steam generators, Optigrill and Dolce Gusto, as well as our continued
headway in e-commerce. In the United Kingdom, despite an uncertain
overall environment and the price hikes implemented to offset the
depreciation of the pound sterling, Group revenue was up like-for-
like. In Belgium, the Netherlands and Portugal, the Group achieved
a very good year.

Moreover, 2017 was the first year of consolidation for WMF, with, in
particular, the progressive takeover of the operational management of
WMF's Consumer business by Groupe SEB market companies, apart
from Germany, Austria and Switzerland. These first reorganization
steps naturally caused some temporary disruptions but put the Group
on the right track for 2018, with powerful action plans to roll-out and
accelerate revenue synergies.

Other countries

In the other EMEA countries, the Group’s organic growth stood at
12.6% for the year, following a fourth quarter posting a still solid
growth of +7.4%. The vast majority of countries contributed to this
very good performance which, as was the case in Western Europe,
led to market share gains.

The Group continued to make headway in Central Europe in
2017, through a combination of development of its core business,
underpinned by mainstay categories and supported by strong
marketing campaigns, and special sales campaigns with retailers.
Our sales in Ukraine have grown tremendously on a quarterly basis
and rose by more than 50% at constant exchange rates for the full
year. Momentum slowed significantly in the fourth quarter in Russia,
due mainly to the non-repeat of loyalty programs in cookware, but the
vigorous growth in core business held steady, driven by all categories
except coffee makers, by considerable gains in retail and by the
ramp-up in our network of proprietary stores. In Turkey, the continued
depreciation of the Turkish lira led us to increase prices substantially.
However, sales in volume remained resilient, in both cookware (due in
particular to the launch of Ingenio in fourth-quarter) and small electrical
appliances, with a strong contribution from vacuum cleaners. Special
emphasis should be given to the increasing weight in the business of
products manufactured locally or at our plant in Egypt.

The fourth quarter showed growing sales in Saudi Arabia - despite
still high inventories at our distributor's - and stable revenue in India
in a wait-and-see market context. Nonetheless, the improving trend
could not compensate for the decline in turnover accumulated since
the beginning of the year.

AMERICAS

North America

After 4.2% organic growth in the fourth quarter, the Group’s 2017 sales
were up 3.8% like-for-like in NAFTA countries. This improvement can
be attributed to a positive performance in the United States in the
fourth quarter and to a good year-end in Canada.

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

In the United States, despite the favorable impact of the launch of the
new Krups kitchen electric range, in particular in the first quarter, the
Group had a challenging year: difficulties or weaknesses at several
retail brands in light of fast-rising e-commerce; sales of core-range
cookware (T-fal) disrupted by a fierce competitive backdrop; decline in
the market of irons, not offset by sharp impetus in garment steamers,
etc. While these factors were still relevant at the end of the year, growth
resumed in the fourth quarter thanks to the replenishment of Krups
products, the rapid development of our sales with online pure players
as well as strong momentum in the premium cookware segment with
All-Clad and the introduction of the Lagostina brand. Consequently,
full-year turnover was stable in dollars.

In Canada, as expected, fourth-quarter sales benefited from a more
favorable momentum thanks to better cookware sales and solid
growth in linen care (generators and garment steamers). Nevertheless,
the overall environment remains complicated, especially in the retail
industry.

Mexico is the key contributor to growth in the NAFTA region in 2017.
In spite of the earthquake’s impact on consumption, business dynamic
remained quite robust in the fourth quarter, driven in particular by
cookware, blenders and irons, as well as by a new loyalty program
with one of our key clients.

South America

The turnaround in the exchange rate trend that began in the summer
was confirmed in the fourth quarter, with a significant depreciation of
the Brazilian real and the Colombian peso against the euro. However,
the Group achieved over the period a somewhat firmer business
activity.

The Brazilian economy is showing signs of recovery, which materialize
in household consumption, but the overall environment and the
political agenda are key uncertainties. The Group posted organic
sales growth in the fourth quarter of 3% which contributed to a slight
annual increase of 1%. This positive trend was driven mainly by fans
and irons - due to new product launches - while sales were down in
food preparation and cookware. With cookware manufacturing still
in the transfer phase, the segment should soon benefit from the new,
more competitive production lines at the Itatiaia site.

In Colombia, the decrease in sales in pesos continued to stem
primarily from the drop-in fan revenue due to poor weather. In contrast,
cookware business remained on track and growth was maintained in
blenders. Moreover, the Group achieved a very good year in Argentina
and ensured, despite high inflation, a double-digit growth in unit sales.

ASIA

China

With sales growing organically at around 20%, both in the fourth
quarter and over the year, the Group has again recorded a remarkable
performance in China, in a market largely driven by e-commerce and
which is creating value. Supor continued to implement an innovation
strategy and contribute to the trade-up of the market in its flagship

4

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 155 |


--- Page 37 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

products in cookware and kitchenware (woks, thermal flasks and
mugs, in particular), kitchen electrics (rice cookers, electrical pressure
cookers, high-speed blenders, etc.) as well as in the non-kitchen
small electrical appliance segment (air purifiers, irons and garment
steamers, vacuum cleaners). Internet sales continued to expand, and
e-commerce accounted for more than 35% of 2017 revenue, bolstered
by a Double 11 day progressing by more than 40% against 2016. All
these outstanding performances of Supor must be put in perspective
of a rich sales history including several years of double-digit organic
growth.

It should be noted that, to better reflect the nature of some expenditure
and ensure full consistency with other Group entities in terms of
financial statements, an adjustment was made to the accounting
format in 2017, whereby for full-year, €74 million in marketing spend
was reclassified as a sales decrease (of which €20 million in the fourth
quarter), with no impact on Operating Result from Activity.

Other Asian countries

The fourth quarter was slightly down like-for-like in Asia excluding
China, reflecting the diverse situations in different countries. While
Japan and South Korea, the Group’s two largest markets in the region,
confirmed their role as strong drivers, momentum slowed somewhat in
Australia and business was down - sometimes significantly - in other
countries that account for a very small percentage of sales.

In Japan, the Group maintained in the fourth quarter a solid growth
rate, grounded in its three mainstays: cookware and kitchen tools;
linen care, with continued progress in the expanding garment steamer
category and the promising launch of the Freemove Mini compact
cordless iron; and kettles, where the robust improvement in sales
further strengthened our leadership on the market. This strong
momentum was fueled throughout the year by substantial growth
drivers. In addition, the excellent performance of our network of about
30 proprietary stores (with six openings in 2017) should be highlighted.
In South Korea, as in 2016, the Group had another good year in 2017,
mainly owing to the ongoing business development in cookware,
blenders and hair dryers. In Australia, after a vigorous third quarter
boosted by the introduction of new products, growth in local currency
slowed at the end of the year. Sales nevertheless remained on track, in
particular in cookware, irons, electrical pressure cookers and Optigrill.

In the other South-East Asian countries, however, 2017 performances
were very mixed: revenue improved on a like-for-like basis in Thailand
and Malaysia after double-digit growth in the fourth quarter but fell
sharply in Vietnam and was penalized by high 2016 comparatives in
Singapore (non-recurring B2B campaigns).

WMF

WMF's 2017 sales stood at €1,151 million, up 5.5% year-on-year. In
the fourth quarter, WMF's sales amounted to €338 million, practically
stable versus 2016.

In the professional business, WMF's annual sales were €563 million, up
13%, with coffee (PCM) contributing +17% and the hotel equipment
business down 9% due to the lack of major projects compared
with 2016. Turnover for the fourth quarter stood at €137 million and
was stable. For professional coffee machines in particular, as has
been specified throughout the year, the 2017 performance should
be analyzed from two perspectives: on one hand, a core business
that continued to grow at a sustained pace in both Germany (with
strong year-end momentum) and internationally; on the other hand, the
major impact of two large contracts signed in 2016 with Canadian and
Japanese clients, but which gradually faded: as most of the deliveries
were made between fourth-quarter 2016 and the summer of 2017,
the effect strongly mitigated in the third quarter, before disappearing
entirely in the fourth quarter.

In the Small Domestic Equipment business (“Consumer”), sales
amounted to respectively €588 million and €201 million for full-year and
fourth-quarter, almost unchanged versus 2016, due to a combination
of several factors: still sluggish cookware sales in Germany, the non-
repeat of a major loyalty program of end-2016 in Asia and one-off
disruptions caused by the sales reorganizations outside of Germany,
Austria and Switzerland. However, growth in sales of small electrical
appliances was in the double digits fueled in particular by new product
launches; WMF stores achieved a slight growth in sales in Germany;
and lastly, international expansion is progressing rapidly.

156] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 38 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on the consolidated results

4.3. Commentary on the consolidated results

INCOME STATEMENT

OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY (ORFA)

Operating Result from Activity (ORfA) totaled €661 million, up 30.8%.
and comprised the following:

@ excluding WMF, Group ORfA amounted to €583 million, up 15% on
2016. Hence, Group operating margin excluding WMF came out at
approximately 11%. In addition, the currency effect (-€10 million)
was much lower than in previous years (-€122 million in 2016 in
particular);

im WMF ORFA excluding one-off PPAs was €95 million, up 12% on
2016;

@ the one-off impacts of the WMF purchase price allocation
(revaluation of inventories and order books) represented -€17 million
and were fully recognized in first-half 2017. Consequently, WMF's
net contribution to Group ORfA totaled €78 million.

As such, Group Operating Result from Activity in 2017 excluding
one-off impacts of the WMF purchase price allocation amounted to
€678 million, up 34.2%, for an operating margin of 10.5%. It should
be noted that the integration of WMF’s Small Domestic Equipment
business into the Group’s market companies will not allow for this
detailed analysis in 2018.

In addition, organic growth in ORfA can be broken down as follows:

@ a positive volume effect of €133 million;

@ a positive mix-price effect of €80 million, which, versus previous
years, is largely driven by an improvement in the mix;

@ a €32 million increase in production costs, particularly reflecting
more expensive raw materials starting in the summer period
(aluminum, nickel, copper, plastics, etc.). This rise in costs was
only partially offset by better absorption of industrial costs, thanks
to an increase in volumes;

@ a €70m increase in investment in growth drivers; approximately a
quarter allocated to innovation and three quarters for advertising
and marketing;

@ a €22 million increase in commercial and administrative expenses.

OPERATING PROFIT AND NET PROFIT

At end-December 2017, the Group’s Operating profit in its new scope
totaled €580 million, compared with €426 million in 2016. The figure
takes account of discretionary and non-discretionary profit-sharing
expense of €38 million, practically stable on last year. It also includes
other operating income and expense of -€44 million (-€42 million in
2016), composed primarily of the industrial and logistics reorganization
implemented in Brazil (transfer of production from the Mooca and
San Bernardo sites to the new Itatiaia site), charges stemming from
the integration of WMF and the pooling of Groupe SEB and WMF
entities in several countries, and expenses incurred by the creation
of the Group's global Innovation Hub in Lyon for the small electrical
appliance business.

Net financial expense came out at -€72 million, compared with
-€58 million in 2016. At €35 million (€30 million in 2016), interest
expense rose moderately despite the increase in debt, mainly due to
the excellent financing conditions for the acquisition of WMF. Other
financial expense primarily included a €9 million increase in the fair
value of the optional part of the November 2016 convertible bond issue
and unfavorable currency translation adjustments.

Net profit amounted to €375 million, up 45%. The total included a
tax expense of €99 million representing an exceptionally low effective
tax rate of 19.5% in 2017, thanks notably to a non-recurring effect
of the tax reform in the United States and the restitution of the tax
on dividends in France. It also comprised non-controlling interests of
€34 million, up on last year owing to the continued improvement of
Supor’s performance in China.

|=

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 G


--- Page 39 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on the consolidated results

BALANCE SHEET

At 31 December 2017, equity stood at €1,964 million, an increase of
€128 million on end-2016 despite the inclusion of negative translation
adjustments of €148 million (penalizing effect of the yuan, US dollar,
Brazilian real and Colombian peso).

At end-2017, net debt totaled €1,905 million, compared with
€2,019 million a year earlier. The €114 million decrease can be
attributed to the robust generation of operating cash flow. This last
amounted to €322 million for the year, used in part, excluding dividend
payments and share purchases, to cover non-operational outflows
(mainly restructurings under way, WMF integration costs and the
acquisition of Swizzz Prozzz).

At end-2017, the working capital requirement stood at €1,222 million,
equal to 18.8% of Group sales (19.6% at end-2016). WMF had a slight
negative impact on this ratio, which amounted to 18.2% for the former
business scope.

BREAKDOWN OF OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY

In€m
505 594 678 661

3 1 + ~

~ -17
T 2 2 10

*  Like-for-like: at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation.

The Group thus ended the year with a debt to equity ratio of 97%
(110% on a pro forma basis at end-2016) and a net debt/adjusted
EBITDA ratio of 2.4, compared with 2.8 at 31 December 2016. This
ratio is consistent with the debt reduction objectives announced in
May 2016.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure was €192 million, compared with €181 million in
2015; adjusted for the scope effect related to WMF, it was, overall, in
line with the average for previous years. The main capital expenditure
was on molds and tooling for new products, production equipment (e.g.
injection molding machines, new assembly lines) and the renovation
of certain buildings. This comes on top of capital expenditure on
production-related computer software, capitalized development costs
and the refurbishing of the Group’s proprietary stores.

CASH FLOW AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

517 552 727

181 192
157

2015 2016 2017

mmm Cash flowin Em
-O- Capital expenditure in €m

158] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 40 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on SEB S.A‘s results

4.4, Commentary on SEB S.A.’s results

PRESENTATION OF SEB S.A.’S RESULTS

SEB S.A., the parent company of Group SEB, is a holding company. It
therefore defines and implements the Group’s development strategy. It
holds financial interests that enable it to have direct and indirect control
over Group companies. SEB S.A. also manages the Group’s cash,
implements the financing policy and centralizes the management of
the market risks to which the subsidiaries and the Group are exposed.

The financial statements of SEB S.A. at 31 December 2017 are
characterized by the following amounts and transactions:

An operating expense of €17.1 million in 2017, compared with an
expense of €19.5 million in 2016.

Net financial income of €268.9 million in 2017, compared with
€48.6 million in 2016, representing an increase of €220.3 million year-
on-year. This net financial income mainly comprises:

@ Dividends received, which increased substantially in 2017 to
€223.4 million, from €100.3 million in 2016;

@ Favorable currency effects in 2017 of €87.1 million, compared with
a loss of €47.9 million in 2016;

@ Net write-downs of equity investments of €44.9 million, compared
with €7.9 million in 2016.

Profit from ordinary activities before tax was therefore €251.8 million

in 2017, compared with €29.1 million in 2016. An extraordinary net

expense of €9.5 million was registered, compared with an expense

of €5.3 million in 2016. €26.5 million in income was registered for
corporation tax in 2017, compared with €21.8 million in 2016. As SEB
S.A. is the lead company of the tax consolidation group, it recognizes
tax income corresponding to the tax saving related to the deduction
of the losses of the loss-making subsidiaries from the overall group’s
tax result of €19.8 million in 2017, as well as income of €10 million
corresponding to the reimbursement relating to the contribution of
3% on the amounts distributed for 2013 and 2016.

SEB S.A.’s net profit for the 2017 was €268.8 million, compared with
€45.6 million for 2016.

At 31 December 2017, total assets amounted to €4,699.5 million,
compared with €4,697.9 million at the end of 2016, representing a
slight increase of €1.6 million.

Non-current assets amounted to €4,341.5 million, up €30.0 million
compared with 31 December 2016. They mainly comprised equity
investments for a net amount of €1,574.2 million, compared with
€1,619.9 million in 2016, and long- and medium-term loans granted
for €2.766.1 million, compared with €2,690.5 million in 2016.

In terms of liabilities, the company’s equity stood at €1,224.0 million
at 31 December 2017, compared with €1,043.9 million in 2016. SEB
S.A.’s borrowings amounted to €3,207.6 million at 31 December 2017,
compared with €3,177.9 million in 2016.

ACQUISITIONS OF EQUITY INVESTMENTS

SEB S.A. acquired an equity investment of 56.9% in the capital of Ethera on 28 July 2017.

SEB S.A. did not acquire any other significant equity investments in 2017 in companies with their registered offices in France.

DIVIDENDS PAID OUT IN THE LAST THREE FINANCIAL YEARS

Dividends Share premium
2015 70,901,642 2,722,104
2016 75,896,898 2,936,383
2017 85,347,160 3,236,360

4

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 ®


--- Page 41 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on SEB S.A‘s results

BREAKDOWN OF TRADE PAYABLES BY DUE DATE

Article D. 441 |.-1°: Invoices received and not settled at the closing date of the financial
year that are in arrears

O days 91 days — Total(] day
(in € millions) (indicative) _1to 30 days 31 to 60 days 61 to 90 days or more or more)

(A) Late payment tranches

Number of invoices concerned 12

Total amount of invoices concerned excl. VAT (1.80) : - - - -

Percentage of total amount of purchases excl.
VAT for the year 20% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%

(B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to debts and receivables that are disputed aor not reported

Number of invoices excluded 10

Total number of invoices excluded 0.00

(C) Payment deadlines for references used (contractual or statutory deadline - Article L. 441-6 or Article L. 443-1
of the French commercial code)

Payment deadlines used to calculate late Statutory deadlines: The payment deadlines range from 30 days to 60 days.
payments Contractual deadlines: The payment deadlines conform to the legal deadlines.

SUMPTUARY EXPENSES AND NON-TAX DEDUCTIBLE EXPENSES

Pursuant to the provisions of Article 223 quater of the French Tax depreciation of passenger vehicles. This expense is not deductible
Code, we inform you that the financial statements for the last financial from the tax result according to Article 39-4 of the French General
year contain sumptuary expenses of €20,403 corresponding to the Tax Code.

160] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017


--- Page 42 ---

4.5. Outlook

Groupe SEB posted an excellent year in 2017, combining strong
performances in line with its objectives and a promising start from
WMF.

Like 2017, 2018 will be a rich and busy year marked by a two-fold
objective:

@ pursue the Group’s profitable growth (former scope) in a small
household equipment market that should remain buoyant, by
continuing to harness our solid fundamentals — innovation, the
power of our brands, broad distribution, international presence,
industrial expertise and top-quality execution — to make a difference;

®@ pursue in parallel the integration of WMF by rolling out the
projects initiated, executing investment and acceleration plans

Commentary on the financial year
Outlook

in Professional Coffee, implementing the actions to improve
profitability in the Consumer business, and ramping up operational
synergies. Delivering on all these topics will once again call for a
strong mobilization of the teams.

Moreover, the economic environment is likely to be more challenging
in 2018 in terms of commodities and currencies. Despite high
comparatives for the former scope and an exceptional 2017 in
Professional Coffee for WMF, Groupe SEB’s objective in 2018 is to
achieve further organic sales growth, improve its Operating Result
from Activity and continue to reduce its debt level in order to bring
its net debt/adjusted EBITDA ratio down below 2 at the end of 2018.

4

GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017 161]


--- Page 43 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Post-balance sheet events

4.6. Post-balance sheet events

EGYPT

Groupe SEB signed an agreement at end-2017 to merge the small
electrical appliances and cookware businesses with its historic partner
in Egypt, the Zahran family, with the aim of strengthening its industrial
base in the country to serve the local market and for exports.

The Zahran group, established in 1967, is Egypt's largest cookware
manufacturer. It has two industrial sites and 11 Zahran stores, and
employs more than 700 people. It has been producing and selling
cookware under the Tefal and Zahran brands in Egypt since 1973.

In addition, in 2013, Groupe SEB created a joint venture with Zahran,
Groupe SEB Egypt, in which it has a controlling shareholding of 75%,
which manufactures and sells small electrical appliances (including
vacuum cleaners, blenders, and small food processors), mainly under
the Moulinex and Tefal brands. The plant is located at Borg El-Arab,
near Alexandria.

FRANCE - LINEN CARE

As part of its strategy of strengthening its competitiveness in linen
care, Groupe SEB announced capital expenditure in France of nearly
€15 million in early 2018.

By 2020, this project will involve the transfer of the business and all of
the employees from the Saint-Jean-de-Bournay site to the neighboring
site at Pont-Evéque, whilst keeping jobs.

The two sites, which are 18km apart, are interdependent and are
the only industrial production sites for the Group's irons and steam
generators in France. Saint-Jean-de-Bournay (162 employees on
permanent contracts) is dedicated to plastics, making injected parts

With a view to strengthening their existing cooperation, Groupe SEB
and the Zahran family have set up a new entity, Groupe SEB Egypt
Zahran, owned 55% by Groupe SEB and 45% by Zahran. Bringing
together the small electrical appliance and cookware businesses, the
company aims to:

@ accelerate sales growth in Egypt and take best advantage of the
market's strong potential;

& capitalize on the relationship of trust established over a number of
years with the Zahran family;

@ strengthen the Group’s production base in the region to facilitate
access to certain markets in Africa and the Middle East.

The transaction has been submitted to the approval of the Egyptian
regulatory authorities and should be finalized in second-quarter 2018.

Groupe SEB posted sales of around €20 million in Egypt in 2017.

for the neighboring site of Pont-Evéque (619 employees on permanent
contracts), which manufactures and assembles these products. The
new product ranges call for increasingly innovative plastic injection
processes and require new, high-tonnage injection molding machines
which the Saint-Jean-de-Bournay site cannot accommodate.

Groupe SEB therefore plans to extend the existing site at Pont-Evéque
by building an injection molding machine workshop with a surface area
of 7,300 m? and two storage buildings. These new premises, which
are designed to be ergonomic and safe, will improve the working
conditions of employees and optimize logistical flows.

162] GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2017
