

--- Page 1 ---

10

MANAGEMENT REPORT
History of the Air Liquide Group

© HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUID!

1902

ORIGIN

Air Liquide was born of innovation and an encounter between two men:
Georges Claude, inventor of an industrial process for the production of
oxygen from liquid air, and Paul Delorme, a visionary entrepreneur.

1906

FIRST INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS

Gas, by its very nature, is difficult to transport and thus local production
is required. This was one of the reasons why Air Liquide set its sights
internationally early on, building numerous production units abroad.
Development was rapid in Europe (1906), Japan (1907), Canada
(1911) and the United States (1916). See “A Century of International
Development.”

E GROUP

1913

LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE

The critical role played by shareholders became evident in the first years
of the Company's development. Listed on the Paris Stock Exchange in
1913, the share celebratedits hundredth-year of listing in 2013. Air Liquide
has endeavored to forge a strong and privileged relationship with its
shareholders based on an exceptional stock market performance, with
an average annual increase in its share price over the 100 years to 2013
of +11.9%.

1952

THE CRYOGENIC REVOLUTION

Storing gas in liquid form in cryogenic tanks allows vast quantities to be
transported by road or rail within a radius of approximately 200-250 km

from the production site. In 1954, the first liquid oxygen plant was
launched in the North of France.

A CENTURY OF INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Air Liquide's development was rapid during the early part of the XXth century, with significant business growth between the two world wars. From 1945
to 1970, in an economy that was being rebuilt, the Group consolidated its positions and established itself in South America and South Africa (1946), then
in Australia and North Africa (1956).

In the 1970s-80s, international growth was renewed with a major acquisition: Big Three in the United States in 1986. At the end of the 1980s, taking
advantage of its long-time presence in Japan, Air Liquide setits sights on other Asian countries and played its part in the development of the electronics
market. The Group invested massively in China in the early 2000s; the country is a major growth market for industrial gases and Air Liquide entered into
numerous air gas contracts.

In the 1990s, the Group began to develop in Central Europe. During a second phase, in the 2000s, it made inroads further east in Russia, Ukraine and
Turkey, winning Large Industries contracts. The Middle East also became anew investment priority.

Inthe 2000s, there was a second major acquisition: certain businesses of Messer Griesheim in Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States. In
2007, the Group purchased minority interests in its joint ventures in Japan and South-East Asia.

Today, Air Liquide continues to pursue its strategy of expanding its global presence, convinced that the geographical diversity will guarantee resilience
and future growth. As a result, the Group is continuously strengthening its historical positions in the major economies worldwide and relentlessly
seeking footholds in new markets.

Air Liquide is now present in 80 countries, its global dimension being a fundamental component of its identity.
EEO

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 2 ---

1960

PIPELINE NETWORK STRATEGY

By delivering gas to several customers through pipelines, Air Liquide
adopted a network strategy for the first time, linking its gas production
units through a pipeline network. The Group multiplied production
capacity to meet soaring demand from large industries: firstly, for
oxygen in the steel industry, and secondly, for nitrogen in chemicals.

TheLarge Industries business waslaunchedwithcustomerscommitting
to long-term contracts of 15 years or more. The Group currently
manages more than 9,400 km (= 5,800 miles) of pipelines worldwide, in
particular in the US along the Gulf Coast of Mexico, in Northern Europe,
in the Ruhr valley in Germany and in several Asian countries.

1962

SPACE INDUSTRY

Convinced of the industrial potential of cryogenics, Jean Delorme,
Chairman & CEO of Air Liquide, decided to create a research center
near Grenoble dedicated to these technologies. The first applications
were rapidly integrated in the space industry. Air Liquide has been a
partner of the space adventure and the Ariane program for 65 years.
The Groups contribution has been as much in the production of the
fluids essential for launch (oxygen, hydrogen, helium and nitrogen) and
the supply of associated services, as in the design and production of the
tanks and cryogenic equipment of the launchers.

1970

A TRADITION OF INVENTIONS

The Claude-Delorme Research Center, located in the Paris-Saclay
innovation Cluster and now called the Paris-Saclay Research
Center, was created to enhance gas production techniques and
their applications (combustion, welding, metalworking, chemicals,
electronics, food, respiratory functions, and environmental treatment). It
is evidence of the Group's desire to inherently understand the industrial
processes of its customers and develop new gas applications to better
satisfy their requirements (in terms of quality, productivity and the
environment). The Center also develops partnerships with universities
and industrial companies. The Group currently has research centers in
Europe, North America and Asia.

MANAGEMENT REPORT
History of the Air Liquide Group

1976

A TECHNOLOGICAL BREAKTHROUGH

With the Sasol project in South Africa, for the production of synthetic
fuel, air separation units (ASUs) have scaled up, dramatically increasing
in size. Following this technological breakthrough, Air Liquide became
the leader in large ASUs, and remains so today.

1985

A NEW MARKET: ELECTRONICS

In Japan, the Group began to supply ultra-high purity gases to the
semiconductor industry: this involves carrier gases, mainly nitrogen,
used to transport the specialty gases and keep the chip production tools
inert, and specialty gases that are used directly in the manufacturing of
semiconductors. In 1987, Air Liquide inaugurated the Tsukuba Research
Center in Japan, whichis dedicated to the electronics industry.

1995

EXTENDED OFFERING: HYDROGEN AND STEAM

In addition to oxygen and nitrogen, as part of its commitment to
protecting the environment and promoting energy efficiency, Air Liquide
extended its offering to hydrogen and steam. To ensure the success
of this new offering, the Group has used the business model, which
is behind the success of its air gas activity, and deployed from the
beginning a basin strategy based on a pipeline network, providing
customers with flexibility, distribution reliability and service quality at the
best price.

PROTECTING LIFE

Originally an oxygen supplier to hospitals, Air Liquide has become
a specialist in the healthcare sector. The Group launched its Home
Healthcare activity and set up a dedicated network of specialist
teams. Medical gases were progressively classified as drugs and
manufacturers were required to file market authorizations. The
Group also ushered in the hygiene sector, an activity that naturally
complemented hospital services. Most recently, Air Liquide launched
significant research programs in therapeutic gases, used for anesthesia,
resuscitation, and pain relief.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

11


--- Page 3 ---

12

MANAGEMENT REPORT
History of the Air Liquide Group

2007

ORGANIZATION BY BUSINESS LINE

The Air Liquide growth drivers for the coming decades are solid and
sustainable, based on changinglifestyles:industrial growth of developing
economies, increasing energy needs and environmental challenges,
healthcare and high technology. To capture this growth, the Group
created a new organizational structure based on four World Business
Lines. They combine the technical and operational expertise which
are specific to each of the businesses of the Group — Large Industries,
Industrial Merchant, Healthcare and Electronics — and centralize the
specific market expertise. The Group remains geographically focused,
but each zone or country benefits from the support and experience of
the business lines to accelerate its development.

Conscious of the strategic dimension of Engineering & Construction
capabilities, the Group acquired Lurgi in 2007. This company provides
Air Liquide with major proprietary technologies such as hydrogen and
carbon monoxide production units, or processes relating to gasification
or CO, purification, adding to the Group's historical competencies in
cryogenics. Thanks to this acquisition, the Group now has a complete
technological offering and a greater engineering capacity.

2009

RESILIENCE IN AN UNPRECEDENTED CRISIS

Affected by a crisis of unprecedented magnitude, the Group focused its
efforts on the management of its cash, costs, and investments (capital
expenditures). Having tested the solidity of its long-term contracts,
Air Liquide confirmed its resilience and demonstrated the relevance of
its business model. In a context of global recession, the Group shows
itself to be an exception, posting a stable net profit while preserving the
strength of its balance sheet.

2010-2012

NEW TERRITORIES, NEW ACQUISITIONS

The Group accelerated its presence in new territories, including
Turkey, Ukraine and Mexico, and strengthened its presence in China.
These developments contributed to the increase, in eight years, of the
developing economies’ share of Gas & Services revenue from 15% to
23% in 2017.

In a weaker growth environment in advanced economies, and
particularly in Western Europe, Air Liquide intensified its acquisitions. At
the end of 2012, two major home healthcare players joined the Group:

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

LVL Médical in France and Gasmedi in Spain. Other acquisitions were
completed in 2013 to strengthen the Groups positions in Healthcare in
Poland, Scandinavia and Canada and in Industrial Merchant in Brazil,
Russia, the Middle East and China.

2013-2015

NEW INITIATIVES IN THE INNOVATION FIELD -
HYDROGEN ENERGY

Innovation is central to Air Liquide’s strategy. In 2013, Air Liquide
launched two initiatives to promote open innovation: i-Lab (innovation
Lab) and ALIAD, the Groups capital investment subsidiary, to make
minority investments in innovative technology start-ups. In 2014, the
Group decided on new investments with the modernization of the Paris-
Saclay Research Center, the creation of a center for the development
and industrialization of gas cylinders for industry and healthcare, and
the launch of a technical center of excellence for cryogenic production
technologies. In 2015, Air Liquide inaugurated Cryocap™ in France, a
unique industrial installation that enables the capture of CO> released
during hydrogen production via a cryogenic process. After being
purified, the captured CO, can be used to meet a variety of industrial
needs for carbonic gas supply.

In addition, on a worldwide scale, Air Liquide actively contributes to
the development of the hydrogen energy activity by accompanying
automotive manufacturers launching fue! cell electric vehicles on
the market. Air Liquide contributes to the construction of hydrogen-
charging stations (United States, Japan, France, Germany, Belgium,
Denmark and the Netherlands), the majority of which are generally
accessible to the public.

2016

AIRGAS ACQUISITION BY AIR LIQUIDE

OnMay 23, 2016, Air Liquide completed the acquisition of the American
company Airgas. This acquisition enabled the Group to combine
two highly complementary businesses and be present on all market
segments. At the end of 2017, the United States represented 35% of
Gas & Services revenue.

In the USA, Air Liquide's presence was primarily upstream with
production both in Large Industries (over 23,000 tons per day of oxygen
production capacity, over 2,200 miles/3,500 kilometers of pipelines,
principally along the Gulf Coast) and in Industrial Merchant in bulk. Air
Liquide also served customers in Electronics and Healthcare (medical
gases to hospitals only, no home healthcare) business lines. Airgas
was primarily focused on downstream distribution with 300 fill plants
and 900 branches/retail stores providing direct delivery of packaged
gas and hardgoods to more than one million Industrial Merchant
and Healthcare customers (medical gases). Airgas also enjoyed the


--- Page 4 ---

most advanced multi-channel network in the United States, including
telesales and e-commerce platforms which allowed for next-day
direct deliveries from national warehouses for a whole range of
complementary products.

The integration of this upstream and downstream coverage creates
significant value. Air Liquide plans to realize more than 300 million US
dollars of pre-tax synergies: cost synergies by the end of 2018, growth
synergies by the end of 2019. Cost synergies account for around 70%
of total synergies and are the result of sourcing optimization, better
loading of Air Liquide and Airgas’ assets, distribution efficiencies and
reorganizations. Growth synergies come from cross-selling the various
Gas & Services offers to both customer bases. They also result from
the roll-out of Air Liquide technologies via Airgas’ various distribution
networks, as well as support for Airgas customers in their international
expansion (in Canada and Mexico in particular). These represent
approximately 30% of the total amount of synergies.

Moreover, Air Liquide believes that the Airgas model, interms of products,
digitization of activities, and business model, may be applied in certain
regions outside the United States. These additional strategic synergies
are not included in the 300 million US dollars already announced.

With this acquisition, Air Liquide strengthens its leading position in the
United States, the largest industrial gas market worldwide. This market
also enjoys the strongest growth among advanced economies. The
US market is expected to deliver 20 to 25% of the global worldwide
industrial gases market's mid-term growth. This market is supported
by long-term structural strengths such as competitive natural gas and
energy prices driving investments and the industrial production.

MANAGEMENT REPORT
History of the Air Liquide Group

Approximately half of the US packaged gas market is composed of
independent distributors. This current fragmentation of the US market
provides further opportunities for growth as Airgas and Air Liquide have
significant experience in integrating bolt-on acquisitions.

THE LAUNCH OF THE NEW COMPANY PROGRAM
2016-2020: NEOS

The Group acquired anew dimension following the acquisition of Airgas
and thus entered a new phase of its development. On July 6, 2016,
Air Liquide published its new company program, NEOS, for the period
2016-2020.

Air Liquide's strategy for profitable growth over the long-term is that of a
customer-centric transformation. It is based on operational excellence
and the quality of its investments, on open innovation and the network
organization already implemented by the Group worldwide. Air Liquide’s
ambition is to lead its industry, deliver long-term performance and
contribute to sustainability.

2017

INTEGRATION OF AIRGAS

Air Liquide continued to generate synergies through the integration of
Airgas. Cost synergies are being achieved more quickly than expected
and the first growth synergies materialized.

REFOCUSING ON GAS & SERVICES ACTIVITIES

Following the disposal of its Aqua Lung and Air Liquide Welding
subsidiaries, Air Liquide focused on its Gas & Services activities and the
implementation of its NEOS company program. The Gas & Services
activities now represent 96% of the Group's revenue.

NEW VISUAL IDENTITY FOR THE GROUP

To mark its transformation, the Group created a new logo, the fifth since
the company was founded 115 years ago. This new visual identity, which
embodies the change within Air Liquide, is that of aleading Group, expert
and innovative, that is close to its stakeholders and open to the world.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

13


--- Page 5 ---

14

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

© ACTIVITIES, RISK FACTORS AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Activities

The Group classifies its activities as follows: Gas & Services, Engineering & Construction, Global Markets & Technologies. Additional information is

available in the “2017 Performance’ section of this report.

2017 GROUP REVENUE

Engineering & Construction

Global Markets & Technologies

2%

Healthcare
17%

GAS & SERVICES

The supply of gas involves local production in order to limit transport
costs. Therefore, Air Liquide gas production units are located
throughout the world and can supply many types of customers and
industries with the relevant volumes and services required. Air Liquide's
structure is made up of a Base, in Paris, and four Hubs: Houston (United
States), Frankfurt (Germany), Shanghai (China) and Dubai (United Arab
Emirates). These hubs draw on the Group's expertise and presence in
these geographic regions (Europe, Americas, Asia Pacific and Middle
Eastand Africa).

Moreover, the operational management of Gas & Services is led by the
World Business Lines to better adapt to changesin the different markets:

@ Large Industries supplies industrial gases by operating major
production units. It serves customers in the metals, chemicals,
refining and energy industries with high gas consumption, requiring
delivery through a dedicated plant or pipeline. Large Industries also
supplies the Group's other business lines;

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Electronics \y
8%

20,349

million euros

2%

Large Industries
26%

Industrial Merchant
45%

@ Industrial Merchant supplies a wide range of different gases,
application equipment and associated services. It serves industries
of all sizes that require quantities smaller than those for customers
of Large Industries. The product is either distributed in bulk, in liquid
form, for medium and large quantities, or in cylinders, in gaseous
form, for small quantities;

@ Healthcare supplies medical gases, hygiene products, medical
devices and services to hospitals and patients in their homes. It also
produces and distributes healthcare specialty ingredients for the
cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets;

@ Electronics supplies gas and services mainly for the production of
semiconductors, but also for flat panels and photovoltaic panels.

Depending on their end use, gases are distributed in different states
and using various means: in gaseous form through a pipeline network,
in liquid form in cryogenic trailers, and in gaseous form in high-pressure
cylinders.


--- Page 6 ---

LARGE INDUSTRIES

The Large Industries business line proposes gas and energy solutions to
customersin the metals, chemicals, refining and energy industries, which
are essential for their own industrial production, to improve process
efficiency and to make their plants more environmentally friendly. The
world leader in this sector, Air Liquide benefits from dedicated in-house
development and engineering teams, differentiating proprietary
technologies and rigorous processes for selecting investments and
carrying out projects.

2017 LARGE INDUSTRIES REVENUE BY ACTIVITY

Cogeneration

steam and electricity Other
9% i 1%
Hydrogen

and Carbon 5,336*

monoxide million euros

37%

* 27% of Gas & Services revenue.

The Large Industries business line provides oxygen, nitrogen, argon,
hydrogen and carbon monoxide through a network of plants and
pipelines. At the end of 2017, these comprised 374 large Air Separation
Units (ASUs), 50 Steam Methane Reformers (SMRs) producing
hydrogen and carbon monoxide and a pipeline network of more than
9,400 km (= 5,800 miles) worldwide. Moreover, the Group operated
18 cogeneration plants supplying customers with steam and electricity.

The chemicals industry uses mainly oxygen, hydrogen and carbon
monoxide in its manufacturing processes, as well as nitrogen to inert its
installations.

The refining industry requires hydrogen to desulfurize fuels and break
up heavy hydrocarbons. The demand for hydrogen is growing due to
the combination of increasingly stringent emissions legislation and the
use of heavier hydrocarbons.

In the metals industry, Air Liquide supplies large volumes of oxygen to
steel makers, the use of which improves their energy performance and
reduces significantly their CO2emissions. The majority of new projects
are currently located in developing economies.

Numerous industries linked to energy or chemicals use large quantities
of oxygen to transform coal, natural gas and syngas hydrocarbons
for the production of chemical products, synfuel or electricity. To

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

meet customer requirements, the supply of large quantities of gas is
critical. Air Liquide supplies its customers directly by pipelines from a
dedicated plant or different plants linked by a network. Air Liquide has
built its own pipeline networks progressively over the last 40 years.
With a total length of more than 9,400 kilometers (= 5,800 miles),
these networks stretch, for example, across Northern Europe, from
Rotterdam through to Dunkirk, and along the Gulf Coast in the United
States from Lake Charles (Louisiana) to Corpus Christi (Texas). Many
other mid-sized local networks have also been built in other significant
and fast-developing industrial basins in Germany, Italy, Singapore and,
more recently, China.

The use of industrial gases is critical for these various industrial
processes. As any discontinuity in the supply necessitates a
stoppage of the customer's production operations, supply reliability is
crucial. However, although vital, gas supply generally represents a very
small part of total production cost for the customer.

The raw materials necessary for the production of industrial gases vary
according to the type of unit and the region. The production of oxygen
and nitrogen requires air and a large quantity of electricity. Hydrogen
and carbon monoxide production units mainly consume natural gas and
little electricity. Cogeneration units consume natural gas and water. The
energy and capital intensity of these industrial processes is generally
high.

Thesupply of gasis generally contracted for 15 years. For certainspecific
projects this can be extended to 20 years and beyond. The signing of
new contracts for new industrial customers sites is a strong predictor of
future growth. Within these contracts, the Group guarantees long-term
service continuity and a high level of reliability with respect to the gas
supply via a high-performing industrial solution. In return, the contracts
include the indexation of input costs, mainly electricity and natural gas,
and guaranteed minimum volumes through take-or-pay clauses.

G

The Large Industries business line operates under long-term
contracts, where costs are indexed, in particular, to energy
costs. These contracts, which include take-or-pay clauses, offer
considerable vi lity of future revenue and protection in the
event of a significant fall in customer volume consumption (below
the minimum take-or-pay level). The long investment cycle and
high capital intensity require a solid balance sheet. The signing of
new contracts is a strong predictor of future growth.

Air Liquide is developing a network strategy in the industrial
basins in order to provide customers with greater supply reliability
while optimizing operating costs.

 ___——

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

15


--- Page 7 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

LARGE INDUSTRIES PROCESSES

AIR GASES PRODUCTION (ASU: AIR SEPARATION UNIT)
An ASU compresses, liquefies and distills air in order to separate it into its different components: 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, 1% argon and rare gases
(neon, krypton and xenon). Only certain large ASUs can produce rare gases. Electricity consumptionis significant.

SIMPLIFIED DIAGRAM OF AN AIR SEPARATION UNIT'S OPERATION

1 2

COMPRESSION PURIFICATION

3 4

COOLING DISTILLATION

Cryogenic process

Cryogenic cooling

Gaseous
rare 92825| tL arge

Y Gaseous
GY Industries
Z ‘Purified me9e" | lient
y | air oes
y Compressed air
Z Liguid Storage
Y 7 “ ‘then
qui
‘Compressor nae Mocha
quid
market

Filter oxygen

Very low temperature

Exchanger Distillation columns
The air comprises:
+ 78% nitrogen
+ 21% oxygen
+ 1% rare gases. i
{argon, neon, krypton, xenon) |

Elimination of water and impure
molecules (COz...) to avoid ice
formation during cooling.

A part of the product in the 4” stage
is reused to cool the air
in the exchanger.

The molecules are delivered directly to the Large
Industries clients through the pipelines or into
the storage tanks to supply the Industrial
Merchant bulk distribution or cylinder filing units.

HYDROGEN AND CARBON MONOXIDE PRODUCTION (SMR: STEAM METHANE REFORMER)
By steam reforming natural gas, an SMR produces hydrogen and carbon monoxide. The most significant raw material is natural gas; electricity and
water consumption is modest.

SIMPLIFIED DIAGRAM OF AHYDROGEN UNIT'S OPERATION

1 . 2 8

Sulfur removal
and pre-reforming

Shift reaction

Synthesis
Gas Production

Natural gas
SMR
(Steam Methane Reformer)

Shift reactor

Hydrogen
Synthesis _——> for Large Industries
pS customers
Catalyst Off-gas sent back
to the burners
Steam

16

Natural gas, composed mainly of methane
(CH,), contains heavier hydrocarbon
molecules and quantities of sulfur,

requiring removal.

COGENERATION

Cogeneration consists of simultaneously and efficiently producing electricity and steam generally by consuming natural gas and water. The electricity

Natural gas and steam react inside a
furnace within catalyst filled tubes.
‘Synthesis gas (syngas), composed mainly
of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, is
produced.

The syngas reacts with the steam to
produce additional hydrogen. As it exits
the reactor, the syngas is mainly
composed of hydrogen and carbon
dioxide.

Hydrogen is puriled and delivered to
customers. Other gas components, called
off-gases, are sent to the fumace’s
burners (see section 2 - Synthesis Gas
Production),

HOT SECTION COLD SECTION

is used by the plant or supplied to the local network, while the steam is required for certain industrial processes.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 8 ---

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT

The Industrial Merchant business line serves a wide range of markets
and customers - craftsmen, SMEs, large multinational industrial
groups — offering comprehensive gas solutions for the implementation
and optimization of their industrial processes. Supported by a global
network of business experts and extensive geographical coverage,
Air Liquide provides more than two millions of its customers with
innovative solutions including industrial gases, welding equipment,
application and safety equipment and related services.

2017 INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT REVENUE
BY END-MARKET

Technology
and Research

Materials

Professionals

and Retail
12%
9,261*
million euros
Food and

Pharmaceuticals
13% Automotive
and Manufacturing
37%

* 47% of Gas & Services revenue.

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT KEY FIGURES
@ ~24millioncylinders

m ~13,000 trucks

lm ~61,000 tanks at customers sites

m > 1,000 on-site units

@ ~37000 employees

m ~1,000 stores

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

The Industrial Merchant activity serves five primary markets:

@ Materials and Energy: customers in this market use a wide range
of different gases. Oxygen is used to reduce energy consumption in
glass and metal manufacturing processes and to treat wastewater.
Nitrogen is used to create inert atmospheres for the conservation of
oxygen-sensitive products. Carbon dioxide is used in drinking water
treatment, helium for professional diving and magnetic resonance
imaging. Nitrogen and carbon dioxide can be used for the enhanced
recovery of oil and gas and, in certain cases, the reduction of water
and solvent consumption.

Zoom on the glass industry: in all areas of glass, customers use
oxygen to facilitate the melting of raw materials, to reduce fossil fuels
and to reduce their emissions of pollutants such as nitrogen oxide.
For plate glass manufacturing for construction and automotive
industries, glassmaker customers also use nitrogen and hydrogen
to improve the quality and transparency of their products, while
for container glass used in packaging (bottles, flasks, etc.) or for
tableware, customers use oxygen to eliminate manufacturing
defects and obtain a quality appearance. These manufacturers
receive delivery either by truck, in the form of cryogenic liquid, or
by small generators of on site gas production (‘on site” units) for
larger furnaces. Air Liquide provides the storage and accessories
for measuring and controlling of gas flow as well as combustion
technologies, such as burners designed by its engineers, to
maximize the performance and efficiency of melting furnaces.

= Automotive and Manufacturing: argon and argon mixtures are
used for metal parts welding in manufacturing industries, hydrogen
and nitrogen for thermal treatment, specialty gases for waste gas
analysis, helium for airbags, and rare gases (krypton, xenon) for
lighthouses and thermal insulation. Oxygen and acetylene are used
inmetal heating and cutting operations. Air Liquide therefore enables
customers to produce high quality products, while improving their
manufacturing processes and preserving their working environment.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

17


--- Page 9 ---

18

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

Zoom on manufacturing: many operations in manufacturing
involve cutting, welding or heat treatment of metal parts. Industrial
gases play an essential role in improving site productivity while
ensuring the quality of the manufacturing. They are supplied in
gaseous form at high pressure, with cylinders often equipped
with innovative integrated trigger valves, or in liquid form for the
larger production sites. The Air Liquide experts accompany their
customers in proposing the most adapted gas solutions to their
processes and specific needs. Argon, carbon dioxide or helium are
essential molecules to ensure the quality of arc welding, oxygen
and acetylene are used for metal cutting, nitrogen or oxygen for
laser cutting argon or nitrogen for new 3D printing processes while
nitrogen or hydrogen are essential for physicochemical treatments.
such as annealing, carburizing or tempering, making it possible to
achieve the final mechanical properties. Air Liquide installs storage
or panoplies of packaged gas at client sites as wellas the associated
equipment to control the relative processes, including devices
for measuring and controlling the atmosphere of heat treatment
furnaces.

Food and Pharmaceuticals: the Groups technologies help
increase shelf life and improve food and pharmaceutical
manufacturing and cooling processes. The three major activities
in this market are the supply of carbon dioxide for beverages, gas
mixtures for modified atmosphere packaging, and nitrogen for
inerting or freezing food. Air Liquide ensures these products comply
with prevailing market regulations and in particular the complete
traceability of its gases.

Zoom on food freezing: cryogenics allows food temperatures to
drop very quickly, avoiding surface dehydration and the formation of
large ice crystals in the product. This process makes it possible to
preserve all the taste properties of frozen foods. Air Liquide provides
and guarantees customers as to the quality and food safety of
the nitrogen or liquid carbon dioxide required for deep freezing in
accordance with the regulatory traceability specifications. Air Liquide
also provides agri-business with deep freezing tunnels or cabinets
as developed by its engineers, thus enabling them to process their
production directly while guaranteeing the best conditions of hygiene,
quality, productivity and efficiency. Air Liquide ensures the adjustment
and maintenance of this equipment and provides customers with the
expertise needed to integrate and use its deep freezing equipment
along their production line.

EO’

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

@ Technology and Research: industrial gases are used in the
assembly and encapsulation of electronic components in
optoelectronics processes — particularly LED manufacturing and
optic fiber and silicon cylinder drawing. Specialty gases required,
in particular for the calibration of analysis instruments, are widely
used in research centers and analytical laboratories. Specific, highly
technical gases and equipment have been developed for these
various applications.

Zoomonoptoelectronics: the production ofan optical fiber initially
requires the production of a silica bar called a preform. This preform
is consolidated with hydrogen, oxygen and helium, then melted in an
oven and stretched into an optical fiber at a speed of 1,500 to 2,000.
meters per minute. The stretched fiber is then cooled with helium.
Air Liquide assists optical fiber manufacturers by supplying these
high purity gases. Moreover, the base material used by the white
and blue LEDs requires a nitrogen atom. For this process, UHP (ultra
high purity) ammonia is injected during the deposition phase. Liquid
at room temperature, the ammonia must be heated to take on its
gaseous form. Our induction heating solution, which evaporates UHP
ammonia more efficiently, allows our customers to use large volumes.
of this gas. Air Liquide proposes all of the gases intended for the
manufacture of LEDs, including equipment and installation facilities.

EO ed

Professionals and Retail: a wide range of gases are offered for
use in plumbing, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, industrial
maintenance and auto repair activities, mostly for welding. These
gases are often sold in special-purpose packaging — cylinders in
compressed gaseousform,tailoredtocustomerusagerequirements.
Across a number of countries, notably in North America, Air Liquide
also offers a complete range of welding equipment, wires and units,
as well as all personal protective equipment required in order to be
able to work safely, enabling customers, craftsmen and contractors
to find quickly and in the same place all the elements they need to
carry out their welding activities.

Industrial Merchant sells packaged gases (high-pressure gas cylinders)
through multiple channels to cover all customer needs: over the phone,
e-commerce and/or via its distribution network, to offer a one-stop
gas/equipment shopping experience. Cylinders can also be delivered
directly to the customers doors with optimized inventory management
based on cylinder traceability. Air Liquide's expertise in customer
processes is always offered.


--- Page 10 ---

GAS SUPPLY MODES

Industrial Merchant provides gas using the supply mode which is best
adapted to the customer's needs. These include one or several of the
following supply modes:

= On-site production units: for Industrial Merchant customers with
major volume requirements, small oxygen, nitrogen or hydrogen
generators can be installed at customers sites (called ‘on-site units’).
Supply is contracted over a long period of time, up to 15 years, and
includes a backup system which guarantees supply continuity. This
supply mode also significantly reduces the number of kilometers
traveled to deliver gases to customers.

@ Bulk: for medium and large-scale needs or cryogenic systems,
gases are provided in liquid form and distributed by tanker trucks.
Bulk customers consume the gas directly in liquid form (for example,
in the agri-business) or in gaseous form after vaporization.

@ Cylinders: for smaller scale needs and use on building sites, gases
are distributed in cylinders. From an operational point of view,
the various gases (nitrogen, oxygen, argon, CO:) are delivered in
liquid form to a filling center where they are stored and then, after
vaporization, transformed into gaseous form and transferred into
cylinders of different capacities (typically 5 to 50 liters). Gases can
be mixed together to better meet customers’ needs. Cylinders are
then directly delivered to customers or to distributors and stores bya.
fleet of adapted trucks.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Services & Others

9%

Equipment Packaged Gases
& Installation 26%
22%

Specialty Gases
(Helium, CO,,...)

On-site
Onsite _" 12%
Bulk Gases
27%

The distribution of gas in cylinders and bulk remains traditionally
local with transport distances rarely exceeding a radius of 200
to 250 kilometers around the production site. To ensure this local
presence, the Industrial Merchant business relies mainly on the gas
production capacity of Large Industries and thereafter develops its own
distribution logistics. Air Liquide ensures the reliability of the gas supply
and guarantees the quality of the materials used (storage tanks and
cylinders). The gas usage and applications equipment are investments
made by Air Liquide, who also covers their maintenance.

G

Industrial Merchant is characterized by a wide range of customers, markets, applications, and solutions and services. The contract
terms can be up to five years for cylinders and liquid gas supply and up to 15 years for small on-site gas generators. Revenue comes from

the sale of gas and related services.

It is a business based on expertise and services with a high technology and innovation content, extremely local, with dense geographic
coverage as a key factor. The competitive environment can vary between areas.

Innovation with regards to markets, products and applications is a major growth driver. Business growth is generally dependent on local

industrial production growth trends.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

|

19


--- Page 11 ---

20

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

The Healthcare business line provides gases and medical products,
specialty ingredients and services which support patients along the
continuum of care, from the hospital to their home, and help protect
the most vulnerable lives. Air Liquide is one of the world leaders in
this business sector, which is subject to both stringent regulatory
requirements as well as to multiple stakeholders (patients, doctors and
payers). The business line provides products and services in hospitals
andin patients’ homes in four areas:

= Medical gases: Air Liquide provides medical gases to 15,000
hospitals and clinics. Among the main medical gases and their areas.
of application, Air Liquide provides: medical oxygen for respiratory
diseases and intensive care units; medical nitrous oxide, a mixture
of oxygen and nitrous oxide O2/N20 (KALINOX™) and xenon
(LENOXe™) for anesthesia/analgesia; nitrogen monoxide (KINOX™
and VasoKINOX"™) for resuscitation.

Air Liquide ensures compliance with the strictest of safety and
quality standards through the installation and maintenance of
medical gases’ distribution networks in hospitals and permanent
stock control.

= HomeHealthcare: Air Liquidecaresformorethan1.5million patients
in their homes suffering from chronic diseases. Once the diagnosis
and treatment is established by a doctor, the long-term treatment
requires patient education, on-going support, interventions by
trained nurses or technicians and the implementation of therapies in
the fields of respiratory, perfusion or other.

Air Liquide has developed an offer beyond oxygen therapy and helps
take care of patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease, obstructive sleep apnea, chronic respiratory insufficiency,
diabetes, pulmonary arterial hypertension, and Parkinson's disease,
providing them with services for long-term follow-up care.

Demographic and sociological factors such as an aging population
and urbanization are contributing to the increase in the number of
chronic diseases. Air Liquide's home healthcare activity strives
to meet these public health challenges as well as the growing
constraints on health spending in advanced economies, by avoiding
hospitalization and developing digital monitoring. In developing
economies, Home Healthcare is growing in areas where health
systems are being introduced.

@ Hygiene: withits subsidiary Schtlke, a leader in hospital disinfection,
Air Liquide contributes to the fight against infections and pandemics
through a wide range of products used in hospitals and private
practice (dentists, family practitioners, etc.).

For example, Air Liquide provides skin disinfectants for the
pre-surgical preparation of patients as well as for medical staff,
antiseptics and other products for wound-healing and medical
instrument disinfection. These products can be found in operating
units and patient rooms.

= Healthcare specialty ingredients: through its subsidiary SEPPIC,

Air Liquide has designed and developed for over 60 years innovative
specialty ingredients for the healthcare sector, in particular adjuvants
for vaccines, film-coating systems for the pharmaceutical industry
as well as a complete range of eco-friendly thickeners, stabilizers,
emulsifiers and active ingredients for the cosmetics market.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

2017 HEALTHCARE REVENUE BY ACTIVITY

Special
9%

Hygiene
10% 4

Medical gases
34%

ingredients

Home Healthcare
47%

3,401*

million euros

* 17% of Gas & Services revenue.

Healthcare activities, in particular medical gases, mainly rely on the
gas production capacities of Large Industries and develop its own
distribution logistics. Medical gases have a drug designation status
which requires market approval from the country's health authorities.
They are subject to specific pharmaceutical traceability and are
supplied in gas or liquid form by qualified personnel. The integration of
the Large Industries and Healthcare business lines has led to synergies
and industrial efficiency.

Over the last 20 years, Air Liquide strengthened a leading healthcare
role in Western Europe, Canada and Australia. The Group also has
businesses in the United States (medical gases only), South America
and certain Asian, African and Eastern European countries. It continues
to grow in all regions, in particular according to the expansion of
healthcare systems. As a result, around 70% of the Healthcare business
line's sales are in Europe and around 23% in the Americas.

©)

The Healthcare business line produces and distributes medical
gases for hospitals and provides healthcare services for the care
of patients at home. It operates in a strict regulatory framework.
Density, quality of support services and efficiencies are essential
criteria that help to offset pricing pressures of healthcare
systems, particularly in advanced economies.

Air Liquide is present along the continuum of care: from treatment
of acute diseases (with medical gases in hospitals), to treatment
of chronic diseases at home (with Home Healthcare), and
prevention/well-being (with activities in Hygiene and Healthcare
Specialty Ingredients).

With aging populations and the escalating need for care due to the
increase in chronic diseases, as well as the continuing expansion
of healthcare systems in developing economies, the Healthcare
activity represents a solid growth driver for the Group.


--- Page 12 ---

Thanks to its long-term vision, Air Liquide provides innovative solutions
to the semiconductor, flat panel and solar cell markets, leveraging its
expertise, global infrastructure and strategic proximity to manufacturers
worldwide. Its products and services respond to increasingly
challenging customer demands for improved mobility, connectivity,
computing power and energy consumption. Technological progress is
constant and a growth driver for industrial gases.

2017 ELECTRONICS REVENUE BY PRODUCT

Equipment
& Installation
15%
Services Carrier Gases
9)
10% 39%
1,644*
Advanced million euros
Materials
19%
i Electronic
Motors Materials
laterials srals

17%

* 9% of Gas & Services revenue.

m Carrier Gases: Carrier gases (primarily ultra-pure nitrogen) are
supplied by on-site facilities, for the transport of molecules and
materials most closely to the chip manufacturing, providing the
inerting required to protect electronic systems. The need for a
regular and constant supply of carrier gases requires long-term
commitments from customers with the building of production units
near their premises or even on the customer's site.

m Electronic Materials: Specialty Materials are used in
semiconductor, flat panel and solar cell manufacturing.
Advanced Materials are key to the processes used in

PRODUCTION AND LOGISTICAL SYNERGIES

The four business lines comprising the Gas & Services activities are
Closely tied by a strong industrial philosophy where proximity is key.
The following chart illustrates the sharing of both production and
distribution assets, between the different business lines. Due to this
efficient industrial network, Air Liquide capitalizes on its proximity to its
customers to anticipate their needs, understand market changes and
offer innovative solutions.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

semiconductor manufacturing. The acquisition of Voltaix in 2013
extended the Group's range of advanced deposition materials. The
Group develops and markets offers with strong added value. The
most sophisticated of these advanced materials are developed in
cooperation with customers and are essential for the miniaturization
ofnew microchips.

= Equipment & Installation: The Electronics business line also
supplies equipment and installs distribution units and networks
gas for ultra-pure gases and chemical products, at its customer's
facilities.

@ Services: On site, manufacturers can rely on the Groups expertise
in the total management of fluids and equipment as well as on its
cutting-edge analytical services used to continuously improve
production processes.

The Electronics business model is primarily based on long-term carrier
gas supply agreements with the necessity for continuous technological
innovations to satisfy customer requirements by designing new
advanced materials also called precursor.

Air Liquide's Electronics activities are based near its customers,
including 68% in Asia, 22% in the Americas and 10% in Europe.

G

The Group's Electronics activity covers four different activities:
Carrier gases with a business model based on long term
contracts including minimum volumes guaranteed by take or pay
type clauses; Electronic Materials with a high level of technical
expertise; Equipment & Installation sales which are correlated
to the growth of semiconductor plants; Services. In a growing
electronics sector, the mix of activities specific to Air Liquide
with its long term contracts, offers a true competitive advantage.
____—

The strong integration of the various World Business Lines allows the
Group to create synergies, become stronger and to grow while creating
long-term value.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

21


--- Page 13 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Our activities

Shared resources and expertise to serve diverse customers

PRODUCTION
(— >)
UNDERSTANDING OF ESSENTIAL SMALL MOLECULES
°o, =6ON, H, He Ar

Oxygen Nitrogen Hydrogen Helium Argon

CENTRALIZED PRODUCTION ON-SITE
+ Air Separation Units PRODUCTION
(oxygen, nitrogen, argon) ATCUSTOMERS'
+ Hydrogen and carbon
monoxide production units
ENGINEERING &
CONSTRUCTION 1
DESIGNING AND BUILDING Loy
PRODUCTION UNITS
+ Global solutions includin
hnologi

TRANSPORT VIA PIPELINES
In gaseous form

TRANSPORT VIA TANKER TRAILERS
In liquid form

Bairtiquce

GAS PACKAGING
Transition from liquid to gaseous form
All gases including special gases,

medical gases, gases for Electronics

GLOBAL MARKETS
& TECHNOLOGIES
DEVELOPING NEW
MARKETS REQUIRING

A GLOBAL APPROACH
OR MARKETS

@rirtiqude

WITH SIGNIFICANT

TECHNOLOGICAL
CONTENT TRANSPORT OF CYLINDERS

+ Hic BY TRAILERS
Usually in gaseous form

22 2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 14 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

SECTORS SERVED GAS & SERVICES ACTIVITIES

Chemicals LARGE INDUSTRIES
PRODUCE AND DELIVER IN BULK

Refining and pipeline ne’

+ Long-term con

Metals

Materials
& energy
INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT
@ Aulomotive & SUPPLYING INDUSTRIAL
manufacturing: AND SPECIALITY GASES,
© rood & APPLICATION TECHNOLOGIES
cals AND SERVICES
FOR INDUSTRY : pharmaceuticals :
AND HEALTH: : Technology
: & research
+ ESSENTIAL . ;
SMALL MoLEcuLEs EE @ Brotessionals
VALORIZATION a
* PROPRIETARY
}--|-----4 TECHNOLOGIES .
INTEGRATION AND :
COMMERCIALIZATION | : Hospital HEALTHCARE
: Ly Hospitals SUPPORTING PATIENTS, ALL ALONG
* SERVICES : THE CONTINUUM OF CARE,
AND DIGITAL : FROM HOSPITAL TO HOME
SOLUTIONS Home
healthcare
Hygiene/
Specialty
ingredients

ELECTRONICS
conductors : DESIGNING, MANUFACTURING
: AND PROVIDING MOLECULES
FOR THIS SECTOR

logic tio

Flat panels

Photovoltaic

Energy :
transition :

Maritime :

Scientific
exploration

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

23


--- Page 15 ---

24

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION

To provide customers with the gases required for their industrial
production, Air Liquide engineers have developed innovative proprietary
technologies. The Group designs and constructs, from the feasibility study
stage through to the delivery of the complete installation, gas production
units for its own use or for sale to customers who prefer insource their
gas requirements. Air Liquide complies with the increasingly strict safety,
reliability and competitiveness requirements of air gas separation units
and hydrogen units.

Since the acquisition of Lurgiin 2007, the Group has expandediits range
of technological expertise. It possesses its own proprietary technologies
(as developed by Lurgi over 50 years) to produce hydrogen and carbon
monoxide through steam methane reforming. This acquisition also
expanded the Group's offering of natural gas conversion technologies to
produce syngas, synthetic natural gas, methanol, propylene, liquid fuels
and biofuels. This expanded Engineering & Construction aptitude has
assisted the Group's involvement, upstream of industrial gas production
projects as well as in the development of its customer processes, thus
boosting sales growth.

The majority of Air Liquide's Engineering & Construction activity is
geared toward industrial gas production technologies, and in particular
the manufacture of air gases, hydrogen and carbon monoxide
production units.

To cover all of the primary industrial markets and manage its production
costs, the Engineering & Construction business has extensive
geographical coverage with engineering centers located mainly in
North America, Europe and Asia.

The Group favors the development of its gas sales activity over
equipment sales. Nonetheless, Engineering & Construction has great
strategic value for the Group, both internally and externally.

GLOBAL MARKETS & TECHNOLOGIES

The Global Markets & Technologies (GM&T) WBU_ delivers
technological solutions (molecules, equipment and services) to support
the new markets of energy transition, maritime logistics and scientific
exploration, in order to accelerate Air Liquide sustainable growth.

To support the energy transition, GM&qT brings environmentally friendly
solutions to the clean energy market with hydrogen energy and
Bio-Natural Gas for vehicles, refrigerated transport using nitrogen, but
also the treatment and injection of Biogas into the energy grid as a local
power source.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Internally, the Group benefits from the relevant engineering resources
during the investment phase of project of its Gas & Services activity. It
provides a high level of expertise, crucial to the design of efficient units
which specifically respond to the needs of the Group's industrial gas
customers. It provides support for the Group during site takeovers, by
ensuring the appropriate assessment of the quality of assets purchased.

The Engineering & Construction activity also acts for third-party
customers. Air Liquide designs and builds customized units which
customers will own and operate. Also, this third-party customer activity
allows the Group to permanently assess the competitiveness of its
own technologies and commercial offering. In particular, Air Liquide
is able to forge close relations with customers who produce their own
gas and better understand their industrial processes and investment
projects. In certain cases, negotiations initially steered toward the sale
of equipment were finalized by the signing of a long-term industrial gas
supply contract. As part of this third-party customer activity, the strategy
consists of favoring research and equipment supply contracts and tonot
support construction risks. Accordingly, Engineering & Construction's
contribution to consolidated revenue can vary significantly from year to
year.

@

The Engineering & Construction activity provides the Group
with a genuine competitive edge, enabling it to offer turnkey
solutions to its customers and to engage for its own purposes ina
process of continuous improvement of industrial processes and
reduction in the cost of its industrial assets.

In 2017, consolidated third-party Engineering & Construction sales
totaled 335 million euros.

Asaplayer ofthe deep tech sector, GM&T commercializes technologies
dedicated to Space, Aerospace and scientific exploration. GM&T
also supplies gases for players in of the maritime sector and provides
logistics for cryogenic transportation by sea of value added molecules,
such as helium.

GM&T employs 1,800 people world-wide and generated a 2017 revenue
of 372 million euros.


--- Page 16 ---

Competition

At a global level, the industrial gases industry comprises four main
players: Air Liquide, Linde (Germany), Praxair (United States) and Air
Products (United States). There are also a number of regional players,
such as Taiyo Nippon Sanso (Japan), Messer (Germany), Yingde
(China) and Hangzhou Hangyang (China). Finally, numerous smaller-
sized players are also present in local markets. At the end of 2016, Linde
and Praxair presented an agreement in principle on a merger of equals
between the two companies. In 2017, Praxair shareholders approved
the merger during a special meeting of shareholders while those
of Linde accepted to tender their shares. The merger transaction
remains subject to the approval of regulatory authorities.

In Large Industries, the customer can choose between self-production
and over-the-fence gas supply. Self-production is estimated to account
for 80% of hydrogen production and 65% of oxygen production globally,
although with significant geographical disparities. Companies self-
producing gas thus remain the Group's greatest competition. However,
the potential to convert self-production into over-the-fence supply
represents a major growth opportunity for the Large Industries business
line. The level of self-production varies strongly depending upon the
region, type of industry or local culture. In advanced economies, the
supply of oxygen is largely over-the-fence, while the supply of hydrogen
for refining remains primarily in-house. In developing economies, while
relatively new, over-the-fence supply is accelerating significantly.
Air Liquide, the world leader in Large Industries, is in competition with
the three other major global players and the local players.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Industrial Merchant is a local business: transport costs limit the
operating area to within 200 to 250 km of a production unit, except for
high value-added gases such as argon. This market, which is highly
diversified due to the size and activity of its customers, thus includes
numerous small and medium-sized local competitors, either ensuring
gas production and distribution or simply playing the role of a gas
distributor.

In Electronics, five companies play a major role: Air Liquide, Linde,
Versum, Air Products and Taiyo Nippon Sanso. Air Liquide is the leader
in this industry.

Finally, in Healthcare, most gas industry players also supply hospitals
with oxygen, but few are present in the treatment of chronic diseases
at home. Air Liquide is number one in Europe in Home Healthcare. This
market remains fragmented in almost all regions with a multitude of
small companies and associations. This fragmentation provides bolt-on
acquisition opportunities. Finally, Air Liquide is the only industrial and
medical gases company to have developed a Hygiene and Specialty
Ingredients activity.

In Engineering & Construction, Air Liquide also competes with industrial
gas players. In “cold” technologies used for air separation, the main
competitors are Linde, Hangzhou Hangyang (China), Kaifen (China),
Air Products and Praxair. Chinese competitors are gaining ground
due to high demand in their country. In “hot” technologies used for
producing hydrogen and the chemical conversion of syngas, the largest
competitors are Technip (France), Haldor Topsoe (Denmark) and Linde.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

25


--- Page 17 ---

26

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

Risk factors

The Group identifies the risk factors to which itis exposed using a formal
risk management approach.

The risks presented below, at the date of this Reference Document,
are the risks of which the Group considers that the occurrence may
have a significant negative impact on its business, results, outlook, or
reputation. The list of these risks is, however, not exhaustive and other
risks, unknown at the date of this document, could occur and have a
negative effect on the Groups business.

As part of the Group's risk management approach, the Group is
committed to regularly assessing the risks and to reducing the likelihood
that they will occur or their potential impact by implementing the internal
control and risk management procedures described on page 31, as well
as formalized and specific action plans.

SPECIFIC BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS

The industrial gas business is characterized by a significant technology
content (both in the design phase and the construction of production
units), local production capacity, high capital intensity, and substantial
energy requirements.

The risks associated with these characteristics are mitigated by various
factors, which include primarily the diversity of industries and customers
served by the Group, the multiple applications that it offers them, as well
as the large number of geographical locations in which it operates. In
addition, a significant share of business is subject to specific contracts,
astrict investment project authorization and management process, and
atailored energy policy.

Industrial risks

Industrial risks are linked to the various industrial processes and
distribution methods implemented by the Group. They are distributed
over alarge number of sites from which it operates.

The Groups key priority is safety, with a formal objective of “zero
accidents, on every site, in every region, in every unit”. The safety results
for the past 25 plus years illustrate the long-term effectiveness of
Group’s actions in this area.

Over and above the usual risks inherent in all industrial activities,
Air Liquide's businesses entail more specific risks relating to:

® products: the intrinsic properties of certain products packaged by
the Group classifies them in the dangerous materials category, for
which tailored procedures and means of securing the products are
required to ensure compliance with local regulations as a minimum;

™ processes and their operation: cryogenics is used to separate
gases by distillation, store them and transport them. This very low
temperature technique requires specific means of control and
protection. The same applies for high temperature techniques, used
in particular in the production of hydrogen. In addition, pressure is
central to the Groups processes. Pressurized equipment must be

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

designed with security features restricting uncontrolled release
which may trigger accidents;

@ logistics and transportation: each year, delivery vehicles, sales staff
and technicians travel many kilometers. Non-compliance by the
drivers with the highway code or the lack of regular maintenance of
vehicles would expose drivers and third parties to risks of accidents.
Preventive measures are regularly implemented, such as awareness
campaigns. In addition, industrial sites use a lot of motorized lifting
gears. Training and authorization are required to operate them;

® engineeringandconstruction:industrial risks are factoredinandmust
commence at the design phase of future installations. Subsequently,
during the construction phase, the lack of prevention plans and
rigorous organization would hamper the coordination among the
various trades; the project and competences management tools
aim to reduce these risks;

@ delivery reliability: a variety of solutions aimed at reducing the risks
of fault in the systems supplying gas to customers: direct pipeline
connection from a production unit, on-site storage with remote
surveillance enabling the automatic trigger of resupply or bar-coded
gas cylinders ensuring the traceability of products;

® challenges in the medical area: the products and services for the
healthcare and wellbeing of patients are regulated by internal
standards and specific regulations, and must be subject to particular
attention by the teams in question.

To manage these risks, the Group has an Industrial Management
System (IMS), that is described in greater depth in Internal control and
risk management procedures on page 33.

Moreover, considering the changing international climate and in
particular the terrorist threat, the Group, its sites, and assets may be
exposed locally to a higher security risk in certain countries, for which
additional measures are being taken.

Industrial investment-related risks

The Group may be exposed to certain risks specific to its industrial
investments. Each investment project may be affected, particularly in
its profitability, by different factors linked primarily to project location,
customer quality, the strength of its projects, and particularly the respect
of its implementation schedule, the competitiveness of the site, as well
as to design, cost estimates and the construction of gas production
units.

The investment authorization process is led by Resources & Investment
Committees, which apply extremely strict appraisal criteria to projects.
These Committees comprise regional, technical and_ financial
managers as well as World Business Lines managers that vary
depending on the nature of the project considered, and are chaired by
an Executive Committee member. They take place in each hub or World
Business Unit. The investment decision-making process is detailed in
the “Investment cycle and financing strategy” section on page 52.


--- Page 18 ---

Supply-related risks

Electricity and natural gas are the main raw materials used by
production units. Their availability is thus essential to the Group. Due
to the geographic spread of its activities, Group supply contracts are
diversified. Where the local market permits, Group subsidiaries secure
these resources through medium to long-term supply commitments
and competitive bidding scenarios with the objective of achieving the
most reliable and competitive energy costs available in any particular
market. The Group passes on cost variations to its customers via
indexed invoicing integrated into medium and long-term contracts.

Commodity risk is described in note 271 to the consolidated financial
statements on page 281.

Engineering & Construction-related risks

Air Liquide enters into contracts to design and build gas production
units worldwide. The primary role of Group Engineering is to undertake
internal investment projects. It also performs projects for third-party
customers that are selected based on criteria aimed at limiting the risks
associated with these Engineering & Construction activities.

These projects generally extend over several years. Potential risks
relating to design, purchasing, transport or construction and more
generally to the overall quality of work may arise at different stages of
the project. Risks relating to these projects are often greater during the
construction stage, in particular for turnkey projects:

@ the quality and delivery times for critical equipment on the one hand,
and costs and on-site construction costs and deadlines on the
other may give rise to project start-up setbacks and impact project
profitability;

™ unexpected technical problems may also arise as a result of new
innovative processes being implemented. Preliminary tests on pilot
or demonstration units are therefore meant to help reduce such risks
prior to commercial implementation;

™@ certain projects are located in regions that may be a source of
political risks and are therefore subject to constant monitoring.

The impact of the risks described above depends also on the
contractual commitments given to customers.

Measures to limit commitments on the most complex projects are
described in the Internal control and risk management procedures on
page 34.

Business-related risks

The primary business-related risk is the risk of customer bankruptcy
or closure of a customer's production site. The diversity of the Group's
geographic presence in 80 countries distributes the risk among
customers and markets. The Groups subsidiaries serve a very large
number of customers (more than two million worldwide) in a broad
range of industries: chemicals, steel, refining, food, pharmaceuticals,
metals, automotive, healthcare, electronics, photovoltaic and research
laboratories, etc. The Group's top customer represents around 2% of
revenue, the Group’ top 10 customers represent around 10% of revenue
and the top 50 customers represent around 24% of revenue.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Moreover, a significant part of the Industrial Gas business is covered by
customer contracts, with commitment periods specific to the relevant
business line:

@ theLarge Industries business and a third of the Electronics business
respectively rely on 15-year to 20-year, and 10-year, take-or-pay
secured contracts, ensuring a guaranteed minimum revenue. These
contracts provide strong future cash flow predictability;

@ the contracts in the Industrial Merchant business, generally with a
one to five-year duration, also include services relating to storage
and cylinders;

@ inthe Healthcare business, positions vary between health systems,
with certain countries awarding one to five-year contracts on a
regional and pathology basis following public tenders.

Inaddition, some Group clients business may be interrupted for climatic
or major political events.

The impact on the Group of the risks of customer business interruption
following major climatic or political events is, however, limited by the wide
diversity of countries in which it operates. This impact can be reduced
by the necessary recourse to gases in critical situations. Indeed, gases
are needed to secure industrial or chemical installations (inert gases),
maintain local industrial activity (essential to industrial processes) and
even sustain life (medical gases). They are therefore often protected or
prioritized depending on the situation.

The amount of operating receivables as well as allowance for doubtful
receivables are shown in note 19 “Trade receivables’ to the consolidated
financial statements on page 258.

Finally,ona worldwide level itis noted that the planned merger Linde and
Praxair, if confirmed, will result in a change in the competitive landscape
in certain regions, with a particular impact on divestiture operations that
willinvolve the competition authorities.

DIGITAL RISKS

The Group's activities, expertise and, more generally, its relations with
all the stakeholders (customers, suppliers, communities of experts,
etc.) depend on increasingly dematerialized and digitalized operations.
These operations depend on interdependent information systems and
communication networks bothin functional, technical, as well as human
level terms.

The Group's pursuit of this digital transformation increases its exposure
to risks in both data confidentiality and in the availability of IT systems
and applications. For data confidentiality, the increase in expectations
and requirements for protection also adds the risk of regulatory
non-compliance.

All these risks are increasing in intensity due to the severity and
frequency of digital attacks and to their changing nature (historically,
cyber risks constituted industrial espionage or data hacking and
have come to involve the risks of cybercriminality, cyber attacks, and
extortion). These attacks have the potential to affect all regions and
businesses, with extremely significant impacts on the industrial activity
(disturbance of production or distribution activities), the capacity for
communication, notably internal, and on the Group's image (digital
identity theft, dissemination of false information, etc.).

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

27


--- Page 19 ---

28

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

This constant and rapidly changing background requires continuous
strengthening of the Groups preventative and monitoring measures
and of its ability to react within the priority areas and activities. The
Digital Security Policy and the associated risk management operational
program are described on page 34.

FINANCIAL AND TAX RISKS
Financial risk management is a priority for the Group.

The financial risk management processes are detailed on page 35, in
accordance with a governance structure that defines the role of the
Finance Department, the various Committees and the role of local
entities.

The Finance Department also analyzes country and customer risks on
investment decisions; it participates in Investment Committee meetings.

Foreign exchange risk

Since industrial and medical gases are not transported over long
distances, most products are manufactured in the country where they
are sold. The Group considers that its activities and its profitability have
alow level of exposure to currency fluctuations.

Foreign exchange transaction risk is related both to cash flows arising
from royalties, technical support and dividends, as well as to foreign
currency commercial cash flows from operating entities. These
commercial cash flows in foreign currencies are not material when
compared to consolidated revenue on an annual basis. This foreign
exchange transaction risk is managed through the hedging policy
implemented by the Finance Department.

Furthermore, the Group provides a natural hedge and reduces its
exposure to exchange rate fluctuations by raising debt in the currency of
the cash flows generated to repay debt. Thus, financing is raised either
in local currency, or when sales contracts are indexed in euros or US
dollars, in foreign currency (EUR or USD).

The Group presents its financial statements in euros. Foreign exchange
risk related to the translation of local currency financial statements
into euros mainly corresponds to the sensitivity to the main foreign
currencies - the US dollar (USD), the Japanese yen (JPY) and the
Chinese renminbi (CNY).

Following the acquisition of Airgas in the United States, the exposure
of the Groups revenue and assets to the US dollar has increased, as
has the Groups US dollar denominated debt, with a risk linked to the
translation of the financial statements:

@ large fluctuations in the value of the euro against the US dollar will
have amore significant impact on the Group's published results than
before the acquisition;

@ these foreign exchange variations will have an impact on the figures
presented in the Group's balance sheet, particularly concerning the
debt.

Note 263 to the consolidated financial statements presents the net
indebtedness by currency and note 271 to the consolidated financial
statements describes the foreign exchange transaction risk management
process and the derivative instruments used, as well as sensitivity to
foreign currency exchange rates.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Interest rate risk

The interest rate risk is mainly linked to the fluctuation of future cash
flows on debt when the rate is variable, indexed to indices such as
Euribor or Libor. The Groups objective is to reduce the impact of interest
rate fluctuations on its interest expenses and, guided by the principle
of prudence, to finance long-term assets with shareholders’ equity
and fixed-rate long-term debt. Since most of Air Liquide's investments
are based on long-term contracts (10 to 20 years), a policy promoting
interest rate risk hedging ensures control over financing costs when
deciding on long-term investments.

Group policy is to maintain, over a medium to long-term period, a
majority of total debt at fixed rates, mainly by using firm or option hedges.
This approach enables the Group to limit the impact of interest rate
fluctuations on financial expenses.

Due to the increased level of indebtedness resulting from the Airgas
acquisition, and particularly in case of a significant increase in interest
rates upon future renewals of bonds in euros and in US dollars issued
post-acquisition, the Group may find itself obliged to devote a more
significant portion of cash flows from its operational activities to service
the debt.

Note 26.4 to the consolidated financial statements presents the fixed-rate
portion of debt and note 271 to the consolidated financial statements
describes the sensitivity of the Group's financial expenses to interest rate
fluctuations and the interest rate repricing schedule for fixed-rate debt
and interest rate risk hedging instruments.

Risk involving credit ratings

As anticipated, following the Airgas acquisition, S&P downgraded
LAr Liquide S.A‘s credit rating for the long-term debt by two notches
(from A+ to A-). A stable outlook was associated with this credit rating
as well as the first credit rating issued by Moody's (A3) in May 2016. In
addition, like all groups that are subject to ratings, Air Liquide could suffer
a negative impact on its ability to finance its continuing operations and
to refinance its debt should a rating agency significantly downgrade its
rating below their current levels, due to a higher level of indebtedness
than expected or for other credit-related reasons.

Financial counterparty and liq

ity risk

Financial counterparty risk primarily relates to outstanding amounts on
short-term investments and derivative instruments for hedging, to trade
receivables, and to credit facilities contracted with each bank. To ensure
its development and independence, the Group must have sufficient
and permanent sources of liquidity, meaning adequate financing
resources available at any time and at the lowest cost from banks and
financial markets. In this area, the Group adopts a prudent approach
to counterparties and their diversification, applying a strict limit on
individual outstandings.

Note 271 to the consolidated financial statements describes financial
counterparty and liquidity risk for the year ended December 31, 2017,
Notes 191 and 19.2 to the consolidated financial statements provide a
breakdown of trade and other operating receivables and allowances for
doubtful receivables.


--- Page 20 ---

Tax risks

The Group is exposed to tax risk in certain countries, due to changes
in applicable regulations, which may have an impact on its activities or
its results. Its Tax Department and operational Finance Departments
monitor these changes carefully to ensure the Group complies with
these regulations.

HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT RISKS

The long-term performance of the Air Liquide Group is driven, in
particular, by the quality of its employees, their expertise and their
motivation.

The Group may be faced with difficulties in finding and sustaining the
required skills at the right time and in the right place, in particular in
developing economies where the Group is expanding its activities.

The Group ensures the building of a performance-focused, motivating
and involved professional environment, through a human resources
policy aiming to identify, attract, retain and develop competent
employees from all walks of life. The objectives of this policy are set out
onpage 36.

Moreover, considering the changing international climate and its
presence in a large number of countries, the Group and its employees
may be exposed locally to a higher security risk, for which additional
measures are being taken.

LEGAL RISKS

The Group has a worldwide presence. Its companies operating
industrial and medical gas production facilities must comply with the
rules and regulations in force locally, particularly in the technical field,
and monitor any changes.

In Healthcare in particular, the regulatory environment constantly
evolves and specific regulatory constraints exist which relate notably
to public markets, to the marketing of products which may be subject
to drug regulatory control, and the protection of private information on
each patient. In this domain, the evolution of the regulatory environment
is monitored with particular vigilance and adapted reinforced means
implemented.

In addition, the Group is faced with the risks relating to contracts and
competition law, as well as anti-corruption and international trade issues
that are also subject to individual monitoring.

To the Group's knowledge, there have been no governmental, judicial
or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings which are
pending or threatened, of which we are aware, which may have, or have
hadin the past 12 months, significantimpacts on the financial situation or
profitability of the Company and/or Group.

Liabilities and contingent liabilities related to disputes are described in
notes 24 and 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Innovation and intellectual property-related risks

The Groups activity is not dependent on third-party patents. It is
mainly based on technology, processes and designs which are
mostly protected by patents, drawings and models, and utility models
as well as by brands; these technologies, processes and designs
are developed internally, notably by its Research and Development,
Marketing, Engineering and other innovation teams, as well as through
partnerships with third parties. There is, nonetheless, a risk of third-
party rights being infringed, in particular when several market players
are developing similar technologies. The Group is also developing
innovative activities through collaboration with partners, acquisitions,
or buying shares in innovative entities: risks may arise in the breakdown
between stakeholders of rights and obligations relating to intellectual
property.

Measures aimed at ensuring the respect of intellectual property are set
out on page 36.

ENVIRONMENTAL AND CLIMATIC RISKS

The industrial and medical gas business presents few environmental
risks. Around 85% of the Group's large production units separate the
components of atmospheric air, ie. oxygen, nitrogen, argon and rare
gases. These plants “without chimneys” do not use any combustion
processes and consume almost exclusively electrical energy. They are
particularly environmentally friendly as they emit almost no COz, sulfur
oxides or nitrogen oxides.

Nonetheless, electricity consumption generates CO2 emissions by the
suppliers of this energy, known as indirect emissions.

Besides, the Groups two other main activities, namely hydrogen
production andcogeneration, account for nearly 15% of large production
units and use combustion processes emitting CO: and nitrogen oxides,
as well as low quantities of sulfur oxides.

Water is a resource necessary to these three main Group processes.
Air gas separation units use water exclusively for cooling purposes
during the separation process. Hydrogen production units require
water in the form of steam in the reaction producing hydrogen. Finally,
the cogeneration units produce steam, which is mainly supplied to
customers.

Environmental risks primarily comprise the following components that
are subject to rigorous monitoring:

@ the environmental footprint, involving the Groups activities
worldwide: including direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions
which are measured at all production sites;

® respect for applicable legislation and its evolution.

Climatic risks notably comprise weather and climatic disasters which
may disrupt the smooth running of operations in particular on the main
sites in the regions at risk. Adaptation measures covering risks relating
to extreme weather-related phenomena and to the scarcity of water in
geographic regions under water stress exist at the main sites located in
high-risk areas.

The scheme to manage environmental and climatic risks is detailed in
the Sustainable Development Report on page 67 as well as on page 36.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

29


--- Page 21 ---

30

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

INSURANCE MANAGEMENT

The Group has adequate insurance coverage, underwritten by first-rate
insurers, for civil liability, property damage and business interruption.

Property damage and business interruption

Group property and business interruption are covered by property
and casualty insurance policies underwritten in each country in which
the Group operates. Almost all of these policies are integrated into an
international program.

These policies, which are generally of the “All Risks’ form, cover fire,
lightning, water damage, explosions, vandalism, impact, machinery
breakdown, theft and, depending on the country and in limited amounts,
natural disasters.

Business interruption is insured for most production sites under these
same policies. The coverage period for business interruption is 12
to 18 months. Deductible amounts are correlated to the size of the
sites. Insurers conduct regular visits at the main industrial sites for risk
prevention purposes.

Civil liability

In terms of civil liability, the Group maintains two separate covers, one
for the North American zone and another for the rest of the world. The
North American zone is covered by insurance underwritten in the United
States. For the other zones, the Group has subscribed an umbrella
policy, underwritten in France, which covers both the Company and its
subsidiaries outside of the United States and Canada, beyond any local
coverage provided for the subsidiaries.

These two policies cover liability of the Group companies for any
damage they might cause toa third party inthe course of doing business
(operational risk) or arising from their products (product risk).

The coverage amounts underwritten exceed 500 million euros. Both
policies are built on several overlapping insurance lines and each line
has been underwritten for a given amount with several insurers sharing
the risk. Beyond the first line, the upper lines pick up the excess risk from
the lower lines.

The policy underwritten by the Company in France serves as an
umbrella for subsidiaries outside of North America. Under this umbrella,
each foreign subsidiary has its own policy covering damages to third
parties incurred through its activities or products. The amount insured

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

for each subsidiary in its policy depends on the amount of its revenue.
The coverage under the Group's umbrella policy is supplemental to any
local amounts.

The main exclusions are deliberate acts, war, nuclear incidents and
repair of defective products.

Captive reinsurance

Aportion of risks of damage and operating losses is kept by the Group
via a captive reinsurance company located in Luxembourg, which
also participates, since July 1, 2015, in the coverage of the Group's civil
liabilities excluding the North American zone.

This company covers losses of up to a maximum of 5 million euros
per loss over and above the deductibles to a maximum of 23.5 million
euros per year. Beyond these amounts, risks are transferred to insurers.
Their management is entrusted to a captive manager approved by the
Luxembourg Insurance Commission.

This captive reinsurance company is fully consolidated. Its balance
sheet as of December 31, 2017 totaled 75 million euros.

OTHER RISKS LINKED TO AIRGAS

The following paragraph summarizes, as of December 31, 2017, the risk
factors more specifically linked to Airgas; the activities are exposed to
types of risk that are very similar to Air Liquide's (industrial risks inherent
in the production and distribution of industrial gases, in the sale of
materials in a shop or on online platforms, as well as in issues relating to
the medical field, with all these risks being spread over many sites).

After a period dedicated to operational integration and the realization
of the synergies sought, Airgas could once more be exposed to certain
operational risks linked in particular to the speed at which Air Liquide’s
products are adopted by existing Airgas customers and vice versa, to
the final stages of integration for some information systems, or to the
management of some supply contracts as they reach maturity. Inhuman
resources, Airgas, which is exposed to the risks inherent in managing
a large number of employees that have differing career paths, pay
structures, and cultures, has started to adopt some Group measures
(succession and retention plans, management of certain populations,
etc). In industrial safety, Airgas, with an already strong industrial risk
management system, launched actions aimed at strengthening the
detection and reporting of incidents, as well as specific analyses of risks
relating to manufacturing procedures.


--- Page 22 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

Internal conirol and risk management procedures

instituted by the Company

This section describes the main internal control and risk management
procedures instituted by the Company.

They are based on the reference framework of the internal control
and risk management system, developed under the supervision of the
French financial markets authority (AMF) and which were prepared with
contributions from several departments (particularly Finance, Group
Control, Legal, Safety and Industrial Systems, etc.).

INTERNAL CONTROL OBJECTIVES

In addition to the Principles of Action, (httos:/Awwwairliquide.com/
group/groups-principles-action) which reaffirm the Group values with
particular reference to stakeholders (shareholders, customers and
suppliers, employees, etc.), the Group's policies are grouped together in
an overall Reference Document, the BLUEBOOK, which is available to
employees on the Intranet. They constitute a set of internal control and
risk management procedures, which must be implemented by each
entity included in the Group's consolidated financial statements.

The BLUEBOOK is the cornerstone of the Group's internal control
system.

The internal control system aims to ensure that:

the Groups activities and the conduct of its members:

= comply with laws and regulations, internal standards and
applicable best practices,

= comply with the objectives defined by the Company, especially in
terms of risk prevention and management policies,

- contribute to safeguarding the Groups assets;

@ all financial and accounting information communicated either
internally or externally gives a true and fair view of the situation
and activity of the Group and complies with prevailing accounting
standards.

Generally, the Groups internal control system should contribute to the
management of its activities, the efficiency of its operations and the
efficient use of its resources.

As with other “assurance systems’, it cannot provide an absolute
guarantee that the Groups objectives will be met.

In 2017, the Group pursued the actions undertaken in previous years,
with more than 70 material Group entities and shared service platforms
(representing over 90% of consolidated Group revenue), reviewing
the appropriateness of their internal control system in relation to the
Reference Framework for internal control and risk management
systems. These entities also implemented actions aimed at improving
their control system in terms of annual guidelines defined at the
beginning of the year by the hubs and World Business Unit, the Group
Control Department and the Finance Department. The latter two
together organize these improvement measures and report on their
progress and the Group's accounts to Executive Management then to
the Audit Committee.

Audits are coordinated by the Group Control Department and the
Statutory Auditors, based onajointwork program, toverifyassessments
of the internal control system and the correct implementation of key
operating controls, including in small and medium-sized entities based
ona framework of key control processes adapted for their use.

In 2017, the Group continued its measures to improve the quality of its
internal control and risk management system, and in particular:

@ to support the changes in organization around the hubs and
the grouping of countries into clusters, the adjustment of the
management and control bodies with the setting up, on one hand,
of SICR meetings (Strategy — Investment - Corporate Policies
Review) that periodically review the strategy, large investments,
and Group under the chairmanship of the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and, on the other hand of a Group performance
management committee, which meets every month under the
chairmanship Executive Management;

® at Airgas, the integration process focused primarily on operating
activities and industrial safety, then on other more functional areas
such as human resources;

@ inthe area of digital security, the launch of the compliance program
for European General Data Protection Regulation rules and certain
targeted actions for industrial and operational systems to provide
greater protection for assets and sensitive data;inaddition, significant
awareness-raising efforts and user training is being pursed;

@ inthe area of ethics, definition of an action plan aimed at integrating
the new anti-corruption measures relating to the Sapin 2 Act within
the Groups pre-existing measures (risk mapping, face-to-face
training or e-learning, supplier and third party assessment, control —
including of accounts, and whistleblowing systems);

@ in the area of safety and industrial reliability, following an in-depth
examination of the IMS, validation of proposals aimed at adapting
the system to simplify its operational implementation;

@ in the area of regulatory and operational compliance, in addition to
the Groups pre-established anti-corruption, competition law, and
export control programs, initiatives aimed at raising awareness within
management teams of local non-compliance risks (identification
and treatment);

@ in the societal area, creation of an Environment and Society
Committee alongside the Board of Directors that examines
the Groups strategy and commitments in terms of sustainable
development, assesses environmental and societal risks, and
ensures monitoring of actions rolled out in this area (particularly
relating to air quality, energy consumption, and greenhouse gas
emissions).

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

31


--- Page 23 ---

32

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

ORGANIZATION

The Group is organized and based on a consistent Group strategy. It
is supported by a method of management which centers on mid-term
objectives that are categorized by business, as well as a steering
process for activities based on annual budgetary objectives, which are
further categorized down tothe individual plan level. As part ofthe NEOS
company program, the organization has developed into a network
structure that promotes communication and shortens decision-making
circuits.

The organization breaks down into:

@ hubs (Houston, Frankfurt, Shanghai and Dubai) which ensure the
Group's presence in the main global regions. With the Base (Head
Office), they are responsible for defining the Group's operational
strategy and its global performance. They accommodate the
representatives of the Corporate functions and World Business
Lines that ensure that the Group strategy is properly implemented
locally;

@ entities, grouped in country groups (Clusters) for better sharing
of resources, which ensure the operational management of their
activities and implementation of the strategy in the countries where
the Group is located;

lm the World Business Lines, which:

- with the hubs and Strategy Department, produce the mid-term
strategic objectives for their related activities,

= are responsible for strategic Marketing, transformation of
their respective businesses, the industrial policy, and the
appropriateness of skills in their field of activity;

lm the World Business Units specific to certain activities (Healthcare,
Engineering & Construction);

@ the Innovation and Development Department, which groups
the innovation and research means, technologies development,
digital transformation, the World Business Unit Global Markets &
Technologies, and Hydrogen Energy.

This organization also includes the Corporate functions, which notably
comprise the three key control departments that report to Executive
Management:

@ =theFinance Department, whichis responsible for:
= thereliability of accounting and financial information,
- the Group financial and tax risk management,

= managementcontrol through the drafting of Group objectivesand
monitoring of performance, on the basis of financial data prepared
by the accounting teams and analyzes conducted by the financial
teams of the various entities;

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

the Group Control Department, which:

- provides expertise and assistance to entities in the roll-out of
their risk management approach (see below) and builds a Group
synthesis,

- verifies the effective application of internal control and risk
management procedures through audits carried out according
to a defined program presented to the Groups Audit and
Accounts Committee. This program, developed and based on
the risk analysis, is regularly monitored by the Audit and Accounts
Committee itself. Audit Reports are systematically supplemented
by corrective action plans, which are supervised by a member of
the Executive Committee. These reports, as well as subsequent
follow-up reports, are the subject of various communications and
periodic discussions with the Statutory Auditors,

helps Group entities ensure compliance with and promotion
of both the Group's ethical values, particularly through training
and awareness-raising actions and the treatment of fraud
and deviations (all these actions, organizations, and tools are
presented in detail in the Sustainable Development Report), as
wellas with international trade regulations,

provides guidance to Group entities, through the Digital Security
Department, which reports directly to the Group Control
Department, on the identification and protection of their data,
systems, and digital applications (definition of rules, roll-out
expertise and advice, control of proper implementation);

@ the Legal Department, which identifies legal risks, issues
internal guidelines and codes, and then oversees their proper
implementation. It also monitors the main litigation cases and
manages insurance.

Finally, this organization relies on a framework of authorizations and
delegations:

lm tomembers of the Executive Committee and certain departments
and services in order to define their commitment and payment
powers for commercial transactions (sales or purchasing);

@ tocertain executives in charge of entities or sites in France, in order
to ensure the prevention and control of industrial risks in terms of
hygiene and safety;

@ to certain financial executives, in order to ensure the security of
transactions and financial flows.

The managers of the various Group subsidiaries exercise their duties
under the control of the Boards of Directors and in accordance with laws
and regulations applicable in the countries where they operate.


--- Page 24 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT

To ensure the continued development of its activities, the Group must
actively pursue an approach to prevent and manage the risks (especially
industrial and financial risks) to which it is exposed.

In terms of the Groups business activities, industrial risk management
must essentially focus on prioritizing safety and security while
maintaining a permanent focus on the reliability of installations.

Financial risk management requires strict control over investments,
combined with prudent and rigorous practices regarding the accounting
and financial aspects of the activities.

The Group formal risk management approach aims to ensure:

@ the regular identification of the different forms of risk (industrial,
financial and other) encountered by the Group during the pursuit of
business activities, which are assessed according to both potential
damage and probability of occurrence;

@ theassessment of the risk management level of each risk based on
acommon scale with respect to the quality of policies, organizations,
processes and controls in place;

@ the progress of the main corrective action plans undertaken to
mitigate the risks, by focusing monitoring activities on a limited
number of priorities.

This three-phase risk management process (mapping, management
levels, mitigation plans) covers over 70 entities representing more than
90% of consolidated Group revenue.

The Risk Management Department within the Group Control
Department leads this approach using:

™ resources dedicated by the hubs, World Business Units and World
Business Lines to manage the approach in their respective scopes
of responsibility (under the supervision of the Boards of Directors of
the entities concerned) and provide a summary thereof;

m the work of members of the Risk Committee that it coordinates.
This Committee brings together the Corporate functions, which
provide their expertise to the hubs, World Business Units and World
Business Lines. Presided by the Chairman & CEO, it meets twice a
year to report on the progress of initiatives, particularly in terms of
priorities, and to establish a Group risk management synthesis as
wellas define the directions for the following year.

The Audit and Accounts Committee reviews Group risk management
based on presentations covering:

m= theprogress of the approach (on an annual basis);

@ eachmajorrisk management system based on amulti-year program
structured according to the challenges;

@ internal audit summaries of these risk management systems.

Finally, an annual summary of risk management actions undertaken by
the Group is presented to the Board of Directors; each year it validates
the Audit Committee's provisional program which is presented to it
beforehand, as well as a list of subjects of strategic interest or with
particular relevance that will be presented in a more specific manner.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

CONTROL ACTIVITIES

The main internal control and risk management procedures established
and communicated by the Group in the BLUEBOOK aim to:

1. Ensure the safety and security of people,
products and installations, as well as the
reliability of operations, in compliance with the
rules and regulations for accident prevention

To this end, the Group has an Industrial Management System (IMS),
which operates based on:

lm empowerment of the Management bodies governing the Group's
various entities for the effective implementation of this system;

@ the issue of key management and organizational procedures that
aim to ensure:

= regulatory compliance,

- designmanagement,

- industrial risk management,

= hygiene, health and environmental management,
training and certification of personnel,

= management of operating and maintenance procedures,
= management of industrial purchasing,

- change management,

analysis and treatment of incidents and accidents,
shared technical standards within Group entities.

The IMS document base is updated and supplemented on an ongoing
basis.

The Safety and Industrial Systems Department and the Industrial
Departments of the relevant World Business Lines supervise and
control the implementation of the IMS, by notably relying on:

™ on-going awareness-raising actions for teams by providing
specifically related training;

m@ the presentation of various indicators designed to review
performance in terms of the safety and reliability of operations;

@ the process audits conducted by the Safety and Industrial Systems
Department to verify the implementation conditions and compliance
of operations with IMS requirements;

® technical audits carried out by the Industrial Departments to ensure
the compliance of operations with Group rules.

Safety performance of operations and their level of compliance with
IMS requirements are regularly monitored by the Executive Committee.

Moreover, considering the changing international climate and in
particular the terrorist threat, the Group, which is present in many
countries, has defined and rolled out additional measures to protect its
employees and secure its products and sites that are most exposed
locally to an external threat.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

33


--- Page 25 ---

34

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

2. Ensure extremely strict control of Group
investments and commitments, with:

@ an in-depth review of investment requests using very strict
assessment criteriaas wellas the medium andlong-term contractual
commitments which may arise therefrom, within the Resources and
Investments Committees. These Committees remain in each hub or
World Business Unit; they comprise regional, technical and financial
managers as well as World Business Lines managers that vary
depending on the nature of the project considered, and are chaired
by an Executive Committee member;

® control of investment decisions through the specific follow-up of
authorizations granted as well as contributions expected and seen
during the initial years. In addition, the subsidiaries are obliged to
report (above certain thresholds) all budget overruns and implement
corrective action plans aimed at ensuring the profitability of the
investments concerned; for the largest ones, they are supported by
experts (“Capital Implementation” teams) in order to secure good
preparation as well as execution;

® morein-depth profitability analyzes (comparative analyzes prior and
subsequent to completion) for certain significant investments.

3. Ensure control of energy purchasing,
particularly with respect to availability
and matching with Group commitments
tocustomers

The energy management policy defines rules governing energy
purchasing and the related decision-making processes. The Enrisk
Group Committee reviews the procurement strategies of the entities,
validates the most significant commitments and ensures the relevant
policies are properly applied.

Each month, the Enrisk Group Committee brings together the Vice
President in charge of the Large Industries World Business Line, the
Energy Vice President and the Group Deputy Chief Financial Officer.

Meeting minutes are sent to all Executive Committee members.
4. Ensure the protection of Group IT data
and applications

The Digital Security Policy sets the basic rules governing the
identification of digital security stakes and handling of associated risks,
and outlines the roles and responsibilities in this area. It is accompanied
by:

™ procedures describing, in particular, how to secure data and
applications, detect and deal with incidents;

™ codes outlining principles to be respected by IT users and
administrators.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

The Digital Security Department reports directly to the Group Control
Department and uses resources set aside in the hubs, Clusters, World
Business Units and World Business Lines to coordinate and control in
conjunction with the IT Department the roll-out of this policy from a risk
assessment that is regularly updated according the development of
threats. This roll-out is centered on a long-term operational program
aimed at defining the key areas and measures to be taken under the
supervision of amember of the Executive Committee, with in particular:

lm the risk prevention and awareness raising for employees using
teaching tools such as phishing campaigns, e-learning courses on
information protection and use of IT tools, etc.;

@ better consideration of digital security from the project design phase,
asaninherent part of any resulting solution, and continued treatment
of IT vulnerabilities, protection of critical applications and of the
most sensitive information; monitoring of digital threats and major
cyber incidents that could affect the Groups activities;

@ implementing regulatory compliance for the organization using
specific projects or programs (Military Planning Act, General Data
Protection Regulation, etc.);

@ revision of the incident management system completed by
undertaking diagnosis to assess the quality and efficiency of the
protection of our sensitive digital assets.

5. Manage financial and tax risks

Financial decision-making governance is the responsibility of the two
Finance Committees (Strategic Finance Committee and Operational
Finance Committee), with the former considering issues relating to the
financing strategy and the latter dealing with the practical methods of its
implementation.

The Company has defined financial policies, which forbid speculative
transactions notably on financial instruments, and that are subject to
regular review. These policies were brought together in a Group financial
policy. These procedures set out the principles and procedures for the
management of financial risks to which the activity is exposed, notably
in relation to:

™@ foreign exchange risk: the Company has defined methods for
hedging foreign exchange risk, whether this is carried by the holding
companies or the operating entities, in terms of authorized hedging
instruments, the decision process and the execution of transactions;

™ interest rate risk: the Company has defined methods managed
on a centralized basis for the hedging of interest rates related to
indebtedness that is carried in major currencies (mainly EUR,
USD, JPY, and CNY), which represent more than 90% of total net
indebtedness with:
- aselection of authorized tools,
= the hedging decision processes,

- the methods of executing transactions.


--- Page 26 ---

For other foreign currency indebtedness, rules have been defined in
order to ensure that the transactions initiated to hedge interest rate risk
are consistent with Group objectives:

™ counterparty risks: the Company has defined rules aimed at
ensuring that there is sufficient diversification and financial solidity of
counterparties at Group level (commitment limits/minimum rating);

@ liquidity risks: the Company has defined rules aimed at ensuring an
appropriate level of “confirmation” and diversification (by type and
maturity) for all external financing sources. The Group staggers
short- and long-term repayment maturities over time in order to limit
amounts to be refinanced each year and has precautionary facilities.

These measures are supplemented by treasury management rules
adaptedtolocalcircumstances, whichareaimedatensuringcompliance
and security of transactions and optimizing the management of liquidity
(forecasting of cash in/cash out, etc.).

The application of this financial policy is controlled by the Finance
Department. The majority of transactions are executed directly on a
centralized basis (financingand management of related interestrate risk,
hedging of foreign exchange risk), which is completed by consolidated
reports provided by various Group entities on a monthly or quarterly
basis, depending on the type of risk.

The activities are managed on the basis of highly segregated duties,
using a multilateral negotiation platform, cash management software,
and acommunication platform linked to the Swift banking network.

In terms of tax, the Group attaches great importance to compliance
with local regulations which are monitored by its Tax Department andits
Financial Departments.

6. Ensure the reliability of financial and accounting
information

In order to guarantee the quality and reliability of financial and
accounting information produced, the Group primarily relies on a set of
accounting principles and standards, as wellas a consistent accounting
and management reporting system for data which is unique and feeds
both the Group consolidation process and the business analysis that is
under the responsibility of independent departments, which report to
the Finance Department.

The Group accounting manual, which includes the Group financial
policy, defines the accounting rules and principles as well as the
consolidation methods applicable and states the formats applicable for
reporting financial and accounting information. This manual is regularly
updated by the Finance Department with the amendments to IFRS or
their interpretations.

Management and Accounting Reports are each prepared under the
responsibility of independent but interactive departments that follow
identical methods and principles:

@ this independence allows for the enhancement of information and
analyzes through the use of complementary indicators and data,
particularly those which are specific to each activity;

@ the fact that these bodies are interactive provides for better control
of the reliability of information through the systematic and regular
reconciliation of data.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

The reports primarily include:

® monthly management reporting, known as the “Monthly Flash
Report”, that provides information on revenue and the main financial
indicators: income statement, cash flow from operating activities,
net indebtedness and the amount of investments authorized and
committed;

™ quarterly reporting, known as the “Management Control Report’,
which provides details of the primary items of the income statement,
balance sheet and cash flow statement;

™ a quarterly “variance analysis’ report to assess the various
components of the change in operating income recurring.

These three documents are compiled by each management entity
according to a predefined yearly timetable.

They are systematically accompanied by comments on activities
drawn up by the Director and the controller within the entity, and are
consolidated at Group level with a breakdown for each hub and activity;

® quarterly reporting for accounting consolidation is compiled by each
subsidiary which, in addition, must provide (on a semi-annual basis)
information on off-balance sheet commitments that may include:

= energy purchasing,
- financial guarantees and deposits,
- allother contractual commitments.

Accounting consolidation statements and monthly reporting are
escalated to the Central Consolidation Department. This department
prepares the consolidated data and works in conjunction with the
Operations Control Department, whose duty is to analyze andcomment
on the results, identify and explain any differences with respect to
forecasts, and to update the forecasts.

As part of the scope of the Group performance steering committee, a
rolling forecast for the rest ofthe current year is systematically presented
by the Finance Department, in order to identify, when applicable, any
differences with respect to yearly targets and take the necessary steps.

Through regular controls, the Finance Departmentensures the effective
application of accounting methods and principles in the various Group
entities. The most complex accounting standards, particularly those
relating to employee benefits (IASI9R), methods of consolidation
(IFRS10/11) and derivative financial instruments (IAS32/39, IFRS7) are
subject to tighter controls or treated directly by the Finance Department.

Italso relies on audits carried out by the Group Control Department, with
which it has regular contact.

The quality and reliability of financial and accounting information also
depends on information systems which are increasingly integrated
(suchas ERP), a Group consolidation software package.

The project, which aims to further harmonize ERPs, continues (mainly
in the Asia Pacific, Americas, and Middle East and Africa zones) based
onthe definition of an accounting and financial framework tailored to the
various business lines.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

35


--- Page 27 ---

36

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Acti

ities, risk factors and internal control

7. Ensure the development of the Group’s
expertise and talents

The Human Resources policy defines the main rules, together with the
roles and responsibilities of the different parties in their implementation,
with respect to, among others:

@ the acquisition and sustaining of requisite skills, in particular through
the SPRING long-term program, which identifies and manages
critical skills. Training provided under the Air Liquide University
brand also contributes to this goal and in particular e-learning
courses attended by an increasing number of users (more than
55,000 in 2017) in a wide range of domains (ethics, industrial safety,
competition law, etc.);

™ accompanying employees in their personal development with
the continuing roll-out of improvement tools for the management
of training programs (LMS: Learning Management System), the
management of careers and skills (TMS: Talent Management
System) and the communication of career advancement
opportunities (TAS: Talent Acquisition System);

™@ measuring and recognizing performance and contributions for all
employees. Other than remuneration policies, the Group's specific
programs promote, for example, technical expertise (Technical
Community Leaders), inventors (inventor recognition program) and
entrepreneurs.

8. Ensure that laws, regulations and internal
managementrules are respected within
the Group, notably in the legal and intellectual
property areas

@ With the Group legal policy, which encompasses:

- aGroup procedure relating to Powers (limitationsand delegations)
for use by Group entities;

- aGroup procedure on the governance of subsidiaries (Boards of
Directors);

= anlnsurance Guide for all Group entities;

- Groupcodesonhowtobehaveinordertocomply withcompetition
laws (including Europe and the United States), accompanied by
surprise audits and training that includes e-learning;

- aGroup code recapping the rules of ethical behavior to prevent
the risk of corruption, and related procedures, accompanied by
regular training sessions;

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

= amemorandum, specifying the rules to be observed to prevent
market abuse (insider trading), various contract guides (for Large
Industries, Engineering & Construction, Industrial Merchant,
Electronics and Financing) and Codes of Good Practices (for
Healthcare).

@ Inthe intellectual property area, with a Group policy and procedures
aimed at:

= ensuring Air Liquide's compliance with valid patents held by third
parties in its different areas of activity;

= protecting Group intellectual property, by protecting its inventions,
designs and brands through their identification (on an official
filing basis) and in the event of partnerships or other third-party
relations targeting innovation;

= managing the Group's obligations in terms of the recognition of
theirinventors.

To this end, the Group relies on an Intellectual Property Department,
comprising professionals located at the Group's head office and in the
main geographic regions.

9. Manage environmental and climate risks

The Group has a policy that aims to ensure its development while limiting
its carbon footprint and its environmental impacts.

In particular, the carbon footprint and certain environmental risks
(emissions into the atmosphere, annual water supply, etc.) are part of the
criteria for analyzing investment projects.

In addition, the Group initiated an approach that promotes purchasing
energy from suppliers with the best carbon footprint and aims to
continually improve its energy efficiency (in particular for air gas and
hydrogen production) and that of its transport used to deliver products
to its customers. These improvements are monitored using indicators
collected and consolidated at Group level.

Finally, as well as the vigilance it exercises over its own activities, the
Group offers its customers many applications and services to help them
reduce their own carbon footprint.

The Group is also attentive to climatic risks and particularly risks related
to the extreme weather-related phenomena, which are the subject of
specific adaptation plans on the main sites located in high-risk areas.

Allthese subjects are detailed in the Sustainable Development Report in
chapter 2 of the Reference Document.


--- Page 28 ---

MONITORING OF CONTROL MEASURES

The Board of Directors exercises its control over Group management
based on the various quarterly activity reports it receives from Executive
Management and the work of the Audit and Accounts Committee,
according to the methods and principles described above (reports,
debriefings, etc).

Executive Management team exercises its control over risk
management, particularly through:

m SICR meetings (Strategy - Investment - Corporate Policies Review)
that periodically review the strategy, large investments, and Group
policies. Taking part in these reviews together with the Chairman
& CEO are the Executive Vice-President in charge of Finance, the
Innovation and Development Director, and the Director of Strategy,
and depending on the topic, the Vice-President of the hub or activity,
or the Director of the Group function concerned. The Innovation and
Development Director acts as secretary;

m monthly meetings of the Group performance steering committee
which decides the investment budgets and the action plans to
undertake or amend in order to achieve the annual or multi-annual
objectives. They replace the Executive Management meetings

THE RISK COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

and bring together, with the Chairman & CEO and Executive Vice-
President in charge of Finance, the Executive Vice-Presidents and
managers in charge of the hubs, the Innovation and Development
Director, and the Strategy Director. The Group Operations Control
Director acts as secretary.

Italso relies on existing reports and:

@ Executive Committee meetings, with, in particular, debriefings from
the Safety and Industrial System Department regarding Group
performance in terms of security and the progress of current actions;

@ work carried out by the Finance Department, and the Group Control
Department;

™ recommendations made by various Group Committees set up to
ensure enhanced management of certain commitments and more
significant stakes (the role and members of these Committees are
described below).

Thesecontrolmeasures are enhancedby the involvement of operational
departments and the Executive Committee in the implementation and
follow-up of actions needed to improve and strengthen the quality of
internal controls.

The purpose of this Committee is to provide support and expertise to the hubs, World Business Units and World Business Lines which must implement
and coordinate the risk management approach in their respective scopes of responsibility.

Itbrings together the Corporate functions: Legal, Finance, Communication, Safety and Industrial System, Human Resources, Group Operations Control

and Group Control (notably covering ethics and digital security).

Chaired by the Chairman & CEO and attended by two Executive Vice-Presidents and the Strategy Director, it meets twice a year to report on the
progress of initiatives, particularly in terms of priorities, and to prepare a Group risk management synthesis.

THE FINANCE COMMITTEES

The Strategic Finance Committee

The purpose of this Committee is to verify the effective application of the Groups financial policy, to approve financial management proposals and
suggestions that have been submitted and to approve the rules governing the Group's financial policy, which are subjected to regular review.

It brings together the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group Corporate Finance and Treasury Director, who meet under the authority of the

Chairman & CEO.

The Committee meets at least three times a year and upon request, if necessary.

The Operational Finance Committee

The purpose of this Committee is to make day-to-day decisions concerning the financial management of the Group, to propose structuring transactions
to the Strategic Finance Committee and to ensure their implementation after approval.

Itbrings together the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Finance and Treasury Director, the head of Corporate Finance, and the head of Group

Financing, assisted by a Committee Secretary.

The Committee meets every four to six weeks, and the minutes of these meetings are sent to the Chairman and CEO.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

37


--- Page 29 ---

38

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Activities, risk factors and internal control

THE RESOURCES & INVESTMENT COMMITTEES

The purpose of these Committees is to assess and approve requests for investments that have been submitted, as well as medium and long-term
contractual commitments and human resource requirements that may arise therefrom.

Each Committee meeting is chaired by a member of the Executive Committee in charge of the hub or of the World Business Unit involved and brings
together managers of the business line concerned by the investment, as well as representatives of the Group Finance Department.

They meet regularly (usually once or twice a month) for each hub (Houston, Frankfurt, Shanghai, and Dubai) and World Business Unit (Healthcare,
Engineering & Construction) and for the Innovation and Development Division (IDD).

THE ETHICS COMMITTEE

The purpose of this Committee is to supervise the Groups ethics program (monitoring of actions undertaken to prevent deviations, proposing short-
and medium-term orientations) and to recommend sanctions in case of significant deviation.

It brings together the Legal, Group Control, and Human Resources Departments as well as a representative of operational functions; it meets at least
once per year and more often when required.

THE DIGITAL SECURITY COMMITTEE

This Committee is responsible for setting the strategic directions for digital security and for ensuring the operational progress of certain Group projects
(industrial IT, digital innovation, etc.).

Itbrings together the IT, Digital Transformation, and Digital Security managers and other Corporate Departments when required.

It meets each month under the chairmanship of a member of the Executive Committee.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 30 ---

© 2017 PERFORMANCE

2017 was marked by an acceleration in comparable sales
growth during the second half and animprovementin oper:
performance which was reflected in an increase in operating
margin and return on capital employed, and by a high level of
cash flow.

Group revenue totaled 20,349 million euros in 2017, up +12.2% as
published, following the consolidation of Airgas sales over 12 months.
Comparable growth stood at +2.9% and benefited from amarked step-
up in Gas & Services sales growth throughout the year. The currency
impact became strongly negative in the second half and stood at -1.6%
for the year as a whole. The energy impact, at +1.5% for the year, eased
significantly during the second half. Gas & Services revenue totaled
19,642 million euros. Comparable growth, of +3.5% for the year,
picked-up pace in the second half (+4.2%). Sales were up across all
business lines, in particular Industrial Merchant (+3.8%) which enjoyed
astrong recovery in growth quarter-by-quarter. Developing economies
(+81%) and China in particular remained growth drivers.

The 2017 operating margin stood at 16.5%, up +70 basis points
compared with the adjusted 2016 operating margin and excluding the
energy impact. Productivity efforts in 2017 generated 323 million euros
of efficiencies and 170 million US dollars of Airgas synergies,
40 million US dollars more than the initial objective. Net profit (Group
share) amounted to 2,200 million euros, up +19.3%. Excluding the
non-cash impacts of non-recurring items and the US tax reform, net
profit (Group share) totaled 2,029 million euros, up +10.0%. This
“recurring” net profit will be the reference used to evaluate the 2018
performance.

Net cash flow after changes in working capital requirements
was up +15.1% compared with 2016 and represented 20.9% of sales,
driven by a high level of operating cash flow and an improvement in
working capital requirements. Net debt at December 31, 2017 reached
13,371 million euros, down 1,997 million euros compared with end-2016.
The debt-to-equity ratio (gearing) stood at 80% at the end of
December 2017, down compared with 90% at the end of 2016.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

The Group pursued its growth initiatives with investment decisions of
2.6 billion euros compared with 2.2 billion euros in 2016. The increase is
due to industrial decisions and reflects the momentum of the business in
terms of biddings. Gross industrial capital expenditure represented
10.7% of sales and was in line with the medium-term strategic plan.

The Board of Directors proposed a nominal dividend to be submitted
tothe Annual General Meeting of 16 May 2018 at 2.65 euros per share.
This represents a +12.4% increase taking into account the free share
attribution in October 2017. The pay-out ratio is estimated at 53%.

Terms « published » and « comparable » used in this document refer to
the definitions below:

@ Published growth vs 2016 data is calculated in accordance with
IFRS 5. Other Activities (Aqua Lung and Air Liquide Welding) are
reported under “Net income from discontinued operations’ in the
2016 and 2017 income statement. The 2016 Balance Sheet also
presents Assets and Liabilities held for sale under a dedicated line.

@ Adjusted 2016 revenue and operating income recurring are
computed as if, on January 1, 2016, Airgas had been fully consolidated
and the divestitures requested by the US. Federal Trade Commission
completed, and Aqua Lung and Air Liquide Welding had been
deconsolidated.

= Comparable growth: in 2017, Air Liquide communicates on a
comparable variation based on 2016 adjusted data, excluding
currency, energy (natural gas and electricity) and significant
scope impacts.

@ Reference to Airgas now corresponds to the Groups Industrial
Merchant and Healthcare activities in the United States within the
new scope, after the merger of Airgas and Air Liquide U.S. operations.

Unless otherwise stated, all variations in revenue and operating income

recurring outlined below are on a comparable basis.
 _____——

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

39


--- Page 31 ---

40

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

2017 Key Figures

a
2017/2016 2017/2016
published comparable
(in millions of euros) FY 2016 FY 2017 change change ®
Total Revenue 18,135 20,349 412.2% +2.9%
Of which Gas & Services 17,331 19,642 +13.3% +3.5%
Operating income recurring 3,024 3,364 +11.2% +7.5%
Operating income recurring (as % of revenue) 16.7% 16.5% -20 bps +70 bps
Other non-recurring operating income and expenses 36 (344)
Net profit (Group share) 1,844 2,200 +19.3%
Adjusted earnings per share (in euros)! 4.64 5.16 +11.2%
Adjusted net dividend per share (in euros) ®) 2.36 2.650 412.4%
Net cash flows from operating activities © 3,697 4,254 +15.1%
Net capital expenditure 13,609 1,850.
Net debt 15,368 13,371
Debt-to-equity ratio 90% 80%
Return On Capital Employed - ROCE after tax 7.8% 8.2%

(a) Comparable growth based on 2016 adjusted figures excluding the currency, energy and significant scope impacts.

(b) 2016 figures restated for the impact of the free share attribution on October 4, 2017.

(c) Cash flow from operating activities after changes in working capital requirements and other elements.

(d) Including transactions with minority shareholders.
(@) Return on capital employed after tax: see definition in appendix.

(9 Subject to the approval of the Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2018.
(@) Excluding energy, variation 2017 vs 2016 adjusted.

2017 Highlights

INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Large Industries

@ Inearly January 2017, Air Liquide and ArcelorMittal, signed
long-term contracts for the supply of oxygen, nitrogen and
argon to ArcelorMittal's production sites in Benelux and France.

@ InJanuary, Air Liquide announced having recently commissioned
the largest hydrogen storage facility in the world. This
underground cavern is located in Beaumont, Texas, in the Gulf
Coast region of the U.S. This unique hydrogen storage cavern
complements Air Liquide's robust supply capabilities along the
Gulf Coast, offering greater flexibility and reliable hydrogen supply
solutions to customers via Air Liquide's extensive Gulf Coast Pipeline
System. This facility is 1,500 meters deep and nearly 70 meters
in diameter and is capable of holding enough hydrogen to back
up a large-scale steam methane reformer (SMR) unit for
30 days.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Air Liquide inaugurated on January 26 in France, in the frame of the
Connect project, an operation center that is unique in the industrial
gas sector. It enables the remote management of production for
22 of the Groups production units in France, optimizing their energy
consumption and improving their reliability. With “technological
showcase” certification from the Industry of the Future Alliance,
Connect represents an investment of 20 million euros. This
project is based on the implementation of new digital technologies
at French production sites and on the creation of new skills.

In early April, Air Liquide and Oman Oil Refineries and Petroleum
Industries Company (Orpic), Oman’s national refining company,
signed a long-term agreement for the supply of nitrogen to the
Liwa Plastics Industries Complex (LPIC), a new plastics production
complex including the country’s first steam cracker Orpic is adding
to its existing production facilities, in Sohar industrial port area in
Oman. Investing around 20 million euros to build a state-of-the-art
nitrogen production unit with a total capacity of 500 tons of nitrogen
per day, Air Liquide will strengthen its leadership position in a key
industrial area to support the growth of its customer Orpic.


--- Page 32 ---

@ In early September, Air Liquide announced the signature of
a new long term agreement with Pemex Transformacién
Industrial, a subsidiary of Petroleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), the
state-owned oil & gas company, to supply hydrogen to PEMEX's
refinery located at Tula de Allende, in the state of Hidalgo in
the central region of Mexico. Through a 50 million euros
investment for the take over and optimization of PEMEX’s
existing hydrogen production unit, this agreement will allow
Air Liquide to supply 90,000 Nm per hour of hydrogen to
PEMEX and to strengthen its presence in central Mexico.

@ Inmid-October, Air Liquide entered into a new joint venture with
Sinopec in Beijing, for the takeover and optimization of three
existing ASUs (Air Separation Units) and the building of a new
nitrogen unit, for a total investment of 40 million euros. In the third
quarter 2017, Air Liquide also commissioned a new state-of-the-art
ASU forthe supply of oxygen and nitrogen to Sinopecin South China.

@ Air Liquide recently signed a long-term contract with Kumho
Mitsui Chemical Inc (KMCI), a major chemical group in South
Korea, according to which Air Liquide will increase its supply to this
customer of both hydrogen and carbon monoxide at the Yeosu
industrial complex. Air Liquide will invest around 100 million euros
to build a new state-of-the-art hydrogen production unit that will be
integrated into its existing piping system in the industrial basin. The
unit is expected to start in 2020 and strengthens the Group's
leadership position in a key industrial area of South Korea.

Industrial Merchant

@ InJune 2017, Air Liquide signed new supply contracts covering
periods of 10 to 15 years with three major Chinese fiber optics
manufacturers. In the frame of these new contracts with Futong
Group Communication Technology, Yangtze Optical Fibre, and
Zhongtian Technology Fine Materials, Air Liquide will supply a total
exceeding 6,000 Nm§ per hour of hydrogen and 4,000 Nm° per
hour of nitrogen via on-site generator solutions, together with bulk
oxygen, helium, argon and carbon dioxide. Air Liquide will thus
support the further development of China's fiber optics industry.

Electronics

@ 2017 was arecord year for the Electronics activity of Air Liquide in
Asia: the Group announced the signature of several new long-
term contracts with major electronics manufacturers in China,
as well as Japan and Singapore. Air Liquide will invest more than
150 million euros in the region to supply ultra-pure carrier gases
to its customers’ new fabs which manufacture integrated circuits,
memory, imaging sensors and flat panel displays for customer
electronics and mobile devices.

Engineering & Construction

@ InMay 2017, Air Liquide Engineering & Construction signed a major
contract amounting around 100 million euros to design and build
three Air Separation Units (ASU) for Yankuang Group, one of the
largest energy and chemical companies in China. Each of the ASUs
will have aproduction capacity of 3,200 tonnes per day of oxygen,
plus nitrogen for the production of methanol-based chemicals.
Allthree ASUs will start operation in the second half of 2019.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

DEVELOPMENTS IN HEALTHCARE

@ In 2017, Air Liquide pursued its external growth strategy in
Healthcare. The Group's subsidiary Seppic, designer and supplier
of specialty ingredients for health and beauty, recently finalized
the acquisition of the Serdex division of Bayer. This acquisition
strengthens Seppic's footprint in natural active ingredients
for cosmetics. The specialty active ingredients for cosmetics
represent a global market over 900 million euros, of which natural
active ingredients are a fast growing segment.

@ The Group announced in January the acauisition of Oxymaster,
a national home healthcare sector player in Colombia.
Present in the Colombian market for almost 20 years, Oxymaster
is specialized in home treatment and support for patients
suffering from respiratory conditions (sleep apnea, Chronic
Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, chronic respiratory failure).
Oxymaster has more than 240 employees and serves over
21,000 patients. The company generated revenues of approximately
9 million euros in 2016.

@ Air Liquide strengthens its position in home care for patients
with diabetes and participates in the French artificial
pancreas project. By signing a partnership with CERITD, the
French Center for Studies and Research for the Intensification
of Diabetes Treatment, at the request of physicians, Air Liquide's
nurses will be able to help provide even more personalized
follow-up for patients with diabetes treated at home. In addition,
Air Liquide has acquired an equity stake in the French startup
Diabeloop, which is developing an electronic artificial pancreas
composed of an insulin pump in the form of a patch and a glucose
sensor both connected. The investment made by Air Liquide in
Diabeloop confirms the Group’s commitment to digital
technologies and healthcare, in the aim of helping patients
achieve a better quality of life and care.

@ Inearly September, Air Liquide announced the deployment of
“Chronic Care Connect™’, a remote monitoring solution
in order to support remotely patients with chronic conditions at
home using digital. Depending on the medical monitoring protocol
prescribed by the physician, patients use one or more connected
systems (blood pressure monitor, scale, pulse oximetry, glucose
meter or ventilator, for example). Thanks to this technology, patients
are monitored remotely on a daily basis with individualized
support provided by Air Liquide nurses via a certified nursing
center. This solution helps to improve their quality of life. As for
their physicians, they have access to an operational solution that
allows for preventive management of patient condition evolution.
By avoiding hospitalization, the Air Liquide connected solution for
the remote monitoring of patients also meets the challenges of
healthcare costs control.

@ At the end of September, Air Liquide expanded its healthcare
businessin Japan with the acquisition of Sogo Sangyo Kabushiki
Kaisha ("SSKK’), a major Japanese player with a strong presence in
the home healthcare and medical gases markets especially in the
Tokyo region. Present in the Japanese market for 60 years, SSKK
is specialized in the medical gases field serving more than 2,000
hospitals and clinics and home treatment for patients suffering
from respiratory diseases. SSKK has more than 150 employees
and generated revenue of approximately 27 million euros in 2016.
This acquisition increases the number of patients served at home
by Air Liquide in Japan to reach 20,000.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Al


--- Page 33 ---

A2

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

PROJECTS IN INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY

@ A\jr Liquide and 12 leading energy, transport and industry companies
have launched in January, a global initiative, the “Hydrogen
Council’, to voice a united vision and ambition for hydrogen to foster
the energy transition. In November 2017, at the COP23 in Bonn, the
leaders of the Hydrogen Council (28 at the end of 2017) revealed the
first ever globally quantified vision of the role of hydrogen. According
to this study, developed with McKinsey's support, hydrogen is not
only a key pillar of energy transition, but also has the potential
to develop 2.5 trillion US dollars of business, creating more than
30 million jobs by 2050 and contribute to roughly 20% of the CO,
abatement required to limit global warming to two degrees
Celsius.

@ InMarch, Air Liquide completed the construction of two hydrogen
charging stations in Japan. The Fukuoka Miyata and Kobe
Shichinomiya stations are respectively the 4" and 5" hydrogen
charging stations for public use in Japan.

m OnDecember 7, 2017, Air Liquide and Group ADP inaugurated, at
the Paris-Orly Airport, the first public hydrogen station installed
in an airport zone in France. Designed and installed by Air Liquide
with the support of Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking
(‘FCH JU’), it promotes the deployment of “Hype”, the world's first
hydrogen-powered taxi fleet. This collective project is opening
up anew clean mobility option in the Greater Paris Area. To date,
more than 100 hydrogen charging stations have already been
designed and installed by Air Liquide worldwide.

BOND ISSUE

@ In March, a transaction, issued under the Group's 12 billion euro
Medium Term Note (EMTN) program, allowed the issuance of a
600 million euros bond witha 10-year maturity at a yield of 1116%.
Proceeds from this bond allowed the Group to refinance its two
bonds maturing in June and July 2017, and to continue funding
sustainably its long-term growth while benefiting from very attractive
market conditions.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT

@ Attheendof July 2017, Air Liquide announced that it had completed
the sale of Air Liquide Welding, its subsidiary specialized in
the manufacture of welding and cutting technologies, to Lincoln
Electric France SAS, subsidiary of Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.
(‘Lincoln Electric’). Lincoln Electric is the world leader in design,
development and manufacture of arc welding products, robotic
arc welding systems, plasma and oxy-fuel cutting equipment.
Air Liquide focuses on its Gas & Services activities following the
acquisition of Airgas, as well as the implementation of its company
program NEOS for the 2016-2020 period.

m OnOctober 10, Airgas completed the sale of Airgas-Refrigerants,
Inc., its subsidiary specializing in the distribution, packaging and
reclamation of refrigerant gases, to Hudson Technologies,
Inc. Airgas-Refrigerants had a trailing 12-months revenue of
142 million US dollar through the end of June 2017. The sale of this
subsidiary is reflective of Airgas’ focus on its core business.

NEW VISUAL IDENTITY

@ The acquisition of Airgas and the launch of the NEOS company
program for the 2016-2020 period mark a new milestone in the
history of Air Liquide. The Group is transforming and is changing
its visual identity with a new logo, the fifth since the company
was founded 115 years ago. This new visual identity introduced in
January 2017, which embodies the transformation of Air Liquide,
is that of a leading Group, expert and innovative, that is close to its
stakeholders and open to the world.


--- Page 34 ---

2017 Income Statement

CURRENCY, ENERGY
AND SIGNIFICANT SCOPE IMPACTS

Applied method

In addition to the comparison of published figures, financial information
is given excluding currency, natural gas and electricity price fluctuation
and significant scope impacts.

@ Since industrial and medical gases are rarely exported, the impact
of currency fluctuations on activity levels and results is limited to
euro translation impacts with respect to the financial statements of
subsidiaries located outside the euro zone. The currency effect is
calculated based on the aggregates for the period converted at the
exchange rate for the previous period.

@ In addition, the Group passes on variations in the cost of energy
(electricity and natural gas) to its customers via indexed invoicing
integrated into their medium and long-term contracts. This indexing
can lead to significant variations in sales (mainly in the Large
Industries Business Line) from one period to another depending on
fluctuations in prices on the energy market.

An energy impact is calculated based on the sales of each of the
main subsidiaries in Large Industries. Their consolidation allows the
determination of the energy impact for the Group as a whole. The
foreign exchange rate used is the average annual exchange rate for
the year NA.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

Thus, at the subsidiary level, the following formula provides the
energy impact, calculated for natural gas and electricity respectively:

Energy impact = Share of sales index to energy year (N-1) x (Average
energy price over the year (N) - Average energy price over the year
(N4))

This indexation effect of electricity and natural gas does not impact
the operating income recurring.

The significant scope effect corresponds to the impact on sales
of all acquisitions or disposals of a significant size for the Group.
These changes in scope of consolidation are determined:

- for acquisitions during the period, by deducting from the
aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisition;

- for acquisitions during the previous period, by deducting from
the aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisition
between January 1 of the current period and the anniversary date
of the acquisition;

- fordisposals during the period, by deducting from the aggregates
for the previous period the contribution of the disposed entity as of
the anniversary date of the disposal;

for disposals during the previous period, by deducting from
the aggregates for the previous period the contribution of the
disposed entity.

(in millions of euros) Group Gas & Services
FY 2017 Revenue 20,349 19,642
2017/2016 published change (in %) +12.2% +13.3%
Significant perimeter impact (Refrigerant divestiture) (19) (19)
Currency impact (311) (301)
Natural gas indexation impact 243 243
Electricity indexation impact 52 52
2017/2016 adjusted comparable growth (in %) +2.9% +3.5%
FY 2017 Operating income recurring 3,364 3,587
2017/2016 published change (in %) +11.2% +10.8%
Significant perimeter impact (Refrigerant divestiture) (6) (©)
Currency impact (62) (60)
Natural gas indexation impact - -
Electricity indexation impact - -
2017/2016 adjusted comparable growth (in %) +7.5% +7.2%

The sale of Airgas refrigerants in October 2017 generated a significant scope effect. The 2017 revenue of the activity is broken down per quarter

below:
(in millions of euros) Q1 2017 Q2 2017 03 2017 04 2017
Airgas refrigerants 35 36 26 1

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

A3


--- Page 35 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

Operating income recurring (OIR) and OIR Margin:

FY 2016 FY 17/16
(in millions of euros and %) FY 2016 Adjusted FY 2017 FY 17/16 Comparable
Revenue 18,135 19,812 20,349 +12.2% +2.9%
Operating income recurring 3,024 3,189 3,364 +11.2% +7.5%
OIR margin 16.7% 16.1% 16.5% +40 bps
OIR margin excluding energy effect 16.8% +70 bps

(a) Operating income recurring on revenue excluding energy = 3,364 / (20,349-

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED - ROCE

Applied method

Return on capital employed after tax is calculated based on the Group's
consolidated financial statements, by applying the following ratio for the
period in question:

243-52).

For the numerator: net profit - net finance costs after taxes for the period
in question.

For the denominator: the average of (total shareholders’ equity + net
indebtedness) at the end of the past three half-years.

ROCE FY 2017 FY2016 -H12017 «FY 2017 ROCE
(in millions of euros) (a) (b) (c) Calculation
Profit for the period 2,291.6 2,291.6
Net finance costs (421.9) (421.9)
Group effective tax rate 29.4% 29.4%
Net financial costs after tax (297.9) (297.9)
Profit for the period - Net financial costs after tax 2,589.5 2,589.5
Total equity 17,125.0 16,049.0 16,718.4 16,630.8
(eres Net indebtedness 18,368.1 _15,610.1__18,970.9__14,783.0
Average of (total equity + net indebtedness) 31,413.8
ROCE 8.2%
ROCE FY 2016 FY2015 = H12016 = FY 2016 ROCE
(in millions of euros) (a) (b) (c) Calculation
Profit for the period 1,926.7 1,926.7
Net finance costs (389.1) (389.1)
Group effective tax rate 28.2% 28.2%
Net financial costs after tax (279.2) (279.2)
Profit for the period - Net financial costs after tax 2,205.9 2,205.9
Total equity 12,770.8 12,329.7 17,125.0 14,075.2
(enone Net indebtedness 7,238.7 19,859.8 _15,368.1__14,155.5
Average of (total equity + net indebtedness) 28,230.7
ROCE 7.8%

(a) Group effective tax rate excluding significant events.

Excluding the non-cash impacts of exceptional items and the US tax
reformon2017netprofit, the ROCE amounted to7.7%,animprovementof

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

+80 basis points compared to adjusted 2016 ROCE (6.9%) taking into
account the acquisition of Airgas over the entire year.


--- Page 36 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT |

2017 Performance

REVENUE

2017/2016 2017/2016
Revenue published comparable
(in millions of euros) FY 2016 FY 2017 change change
Gas & Services 17,331 19,642 +13.3% +3.5%
Engineering & Construction 474 335 -29.3% -28.1%
Global Markets & Technologies 330 372 +12.8% +13.9%
TOTAL REVENUE 18,135 20,349 +12.2% +2.9%

Group

Group revenue in 2017 totaled 20,349 million euros, up +12.2% as
published compared to 2016, following the consolidation of Airgas sales
for twelve months. Comparable growth was +2.9% and benefited from
a marked acceleration in sales growth for Gas & Services throughout
the year and developments in Global Markets & Technologies
partially offsetting a low level of activity in Engineering & Construction.

Revenue by quarter

The currency impact turned sharply negative during the second half of
the year, amounting to -1.6% for the full year due to the euro appreciating
against the US dollar, the Japanese yen and the Chinese renminbi. The
energy impact softened substantially between the first quarter (+2.7%)
and the fourth quarter (+0.5%) to contribute +1.5% for the year.

(in millions of euros) Q1 2017 02 2017 03 2017 04 2017
Gas & Services 5,046 4,932 4,787 4,877
Engineering & Construction 53 93 75 114
Global Markets & Technologies 77 92 82 121
TOTAL REVENUE 5,176 5,117 4,944 5,112
2017/2016 Group published change +38.5% +19.5% -0.3% -0.8%
2017/2016 Group comparable change +1.5% +2.0% +3.5% +4.5%
2017/2016 Gas & Services comparable change +2.8% +2.7% +4.0% 44%

Gas & Services

Gas & Services revenue totaled 19,642 million euros in 2017. Published
sales growth, at +13.3%, benefited from the consolidation effect of
Airgas sales for twelve months. During the fourth quarter, the disposal
of Airgas’ refrigerants activity had an unfavorable scope impact on
sales. The currency impact was negative for the year at -1.6%, but was
almost entirely offset by a positive energy impact (+1.5%). Comparable

growth came to +3.5% in 2017, with a faster pace during the second
half (+4.2%) than during the first half (+2.8%). Sales increased overall
in every business line, and particularly in Industrial Merchant, which
experienced a sharp recovery in growth gradually throughout the year
(first quarter +2.6%, second quarter +31%, third quarter +4.3%, fourth
quarter +5.3%).

2017/2016 2017/2016

published comparable
(in millions of euros) FY 2016 FY 2017 change change
Americas 6,230 8,150 +30.8% +3.9%
Europe 6,593 6,776 +2.8% +1.3%
Asia-Pacific 3,936 4,081 +3.7% +5.3%
Middle East & Africa 572 635 +11.0% +10.3%
GAS & SERVICES REVENUE 17,331 19,642 +13.3% +3.5%
Large Industries 5,037 5,336 +5.9% +1.7%
Industrial Merchant 7,565 9,261 +22.4% +3.8%
Healthcare 3,111 3,401 +9.3% +5.0%
Electronics 1,618 1,644 +1.6% +3.8%

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE 45


--- Page 37 ---

46

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

Americas

2017 revenue for Gas & Services in the Americas zone totaled
8,150 million euros, up +30.8% as published following the
consolidation of Airgas over the entire year and a very solid comparable
growth at +3.9%. The fourth quarter reflects a high activity levelinLarge
Industries and in Industrial Merchant, with sales catching-up slightly
in particular after the hurricanes hit during the third quarter. In a more
favorable economic environment, growth in Industrial Merchant sales
improved gradually throughout the year. Healthcare continued to enjoy
sustained growth in 2017, particularly in Canada and in South America.

AMERICAS GAS & SERVICES 2017 REVENUE

Electronics

4%

Healthcare Large Industries
10% 17%

8,150

million euros

Industrial Merchant “aa
69%

@ Large Industries reported a +2.8% increase in sales in 2017.
The strong growth during the fourth quarter (+4.7%) benefited in
particular from a slight catch-up in sales after the hurricanes of the
third quarter. In North America, oxygen volumes rose substantially
over the year. In South America, demand for hydrogen contributed
to the activity's development.

@ In Industrial Merchant, 2017 was marked by a gradual and
sustained pick-up in activity. Sales growth was +4.1% over the year
and +61% during the fourth quarter. In North America, liquid gas
and cylinder volumes as well as hardgoods sales posted a strong
growth. In the United States, sales were up in almost all end-markets.
In Canada, sales increased strongly in the Energy and Metal
Fabrication sectors. Growth in South America remained dynamic
and volumes continued to improve in Brazil. The price impact in the
zone was +1.7%.

m Healthcare revenue rose +6.6% in 2017. Growth was solid in
Canada, driven by bolt-on acquisitions in Home Healthcare.
Business continued to develop in Latin America, where it benefited
from a bolt-on acquisition in Colombia made at the beginning of the
year.

@ Electronics revenue posted a slight decline of -1.0% due toa weak
level of Equipment & Installation sales.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Europe

Revenue in the Europe zone totaled 6,776 million euros, up +1.3%
over the year. In Large Industries, volumes were solid even though sales
were down, particularly due to the stoppage of activity in Ukraine in the
first quarter and a high comparison basis in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Growth maintained momentum in Industrial Merchant, especially during
the second half of the year, despite an unfavorable working day impact.
Healthcare continued its steady development, while the contribution of
bolt-on acquisitions to growth remained limited.

EUROPE GAS & SERVICES 2017 REVENUE

Electronics
3%

Large Industries
31%

6,776

Healthcare million euros

35%

Industrial Merchant
31%

m Down -3.4% over the year, revenue for Large Industries was
penalized by the stoppage of activity in Ukraine in the first quarter as
well as by an exceptional indemnity related to a customer contract
in the fourth quarter of 2016, creating an unfavorable comparison
effect in 2017. Without these two impacts, revenue growth would be
slightly positive. Hydrogen volumes grew substantially due to a good
activity level in the refineries, especially in Benelux. Sales in Eastern
Europe continued their development.

m Revenue for Industrial Merchant rose +3.3% in 2017. The increase
in sales during the second half of the year (+3.8%) was higher than
during the first half (+2.7%) despite an unfavorable working day
impact, confirming a solid recovery after several years without
growth. Activity improved in all countries, particularly in Southern
Europe (Iberia, Italy), Benelux and Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia).
Liquid gas as well as cylinder volumes grew. Recovery was
noticeable in all end-markets, and especially in Materials & Energy
and Automotive & Manufacturing. The price impact became positive
during the second quarter and came to +0.2% in 2017.

@ Healthcare continued its steady growth, with sales up +3.8% and
a limited impact from bolt-on acquisitions. The number of patients
continued to increase in Home Healthcare. Sales in Hygiene and
Specialty Ingredients grew significantly, strengthened by a small
acquisition.


--- Page 38 ---

Asia Pacific

Revenue in the Asia-Pacific zone for 2017 totaled 4,081 million euros,
up +5.3%, and was driven, in particular, by business momentum in
China (> +10%). Alll business lines posted solid growth, stronger during
the second half than the first. In Large Industries, the increase in revenue
was driven by the start-up of new units and solid volumes. Industrial
Merchant experienced a strong progression, in particular with very high
growth in China since the second quarter. Electronics sales growth
continued to accelerate throughout the year, reaching +12.2% during
the fourth quarter.

ASIA PACIFIC GAS & SERVICES 2017 REVENUE

Electronics
27%

Large Industries
37%

4,081

million euros

Healthcare BD
5%
\__Indus' Merchant

31%

@ Large Industries sales increased +5.4% in 2017, driven by the
start-up of two Air Separation Units (ASU) in China during the third
quarter, a takeover and the ramp-up of a unit in Australia. Customer
demand was very robust, particularly in China, South Korea and
Singapore.

@ Industrial Merchant revenue rose +3.3% over the year, with +4.7%
recorded during the second half of the year. Performance was
contrasted by country. In China, growth was more than +15% for the
lastthree quarters, driven by aprice increase (argon, inparticular) and
arise in liquid gas and cylinder volumes. Revenue in Japan declined
this year, particularly due to lower equipment sales compared to
2016. Business in Australia fell slightly in a sluggish environment.
The price impact strengthened to +1.5%; it was especially strong in
China.

@ Electronics revenue rose sharply +5.8% in 2017, with an
acceleration of growth throughout the year, reaching +12.2% in
the fourth quarter. After an unfavorable comparison impact in
Equipment & Installation sales during the first half of the year, sales
sharply increased during the second half. They benefited from good
momentum in Advanced Materials, particularly in China, Taiwan and
South Korea, start-ups in Carrier Gases, and strong Equipment &
Installation sales during the fourth quarter of 2017.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

Middle East and Africa

Revenue from the Middle East and Africa zone totaled 635 million
euros, Up +10.3% in 2017. In Large Industries, sales benefited from the
two large-scale hydrogen production units operating at full capacity in
Yanbu, Saudi Arabiaas wellas the start-up at the end of the fourth quarter
of the biggest Air Separation Unit (ASU) in the world in South Africa.
In Egypt, production unit start-ups during the third quarter supported
sales growth. Industrial Merchant improved in this zone during the fourth
quarter. South Africa continued its sustained growth in Healthcare.

Engineering & Construction

Engineering & Construction revenue amounted to 335 million euros in
2017, down -28.1% excluding the currency impact, due to the low level
of order intake in 2016. However, sales gradually stabilized during the
second half of the year and were up +3.0% during the fourth quarter.

Order intake reached 730 million euros for the year, representing
nearly twice the amount achieved in 2016. Around 70% of orders were
for Air Separation Units (ASU). These mainly included Group projects
and orders on behalf of third parties, in the Energy and Chemicals
sectors in particular. The number of tenders continued to increase.

Global Markets & Technologies

Global Markets & Technologies revenue in 2017 was up +13.9% to
372 million euros. This increase partially offset the decrease in
Engineering & Construction revenue. Sales were particularly strong in
the Maritime, Hydrogen Energy and Biogas sectors. They benefited
fromthe contribution of an acquisition in Norway in Biogas and Liquefied
Natural Gas sectors for industry and transportation.

Order intake amounted to 350 million euros for the year.

OPERATING INCOME RECURRING

The operating income recurring before depreciation and
amortization reached 5,142 million euros, up +11.5% as published
compared to 2016, and +13.4% excluding the currency impact. This
increase reflected the consolidation of Airgas over all of 2017 as well as.
the improved performance over the year.

Purchases increased by +15.4%, at a higher rate than published sales
growth of +12.2%: this difference was due to more trading activity at
Airgas (hardgoods sales). Personnel costs also rose at a faster pace
than sales (+13.1%), mainly due to the change in business mix. Indeed,
Industrial Merchant, which now accounts for close to half of Group
sales, requires more staff than other activities such as Large Industries.
However, other expenses grew atamuch slower pace (+6.7%),as Airgas.
structure is lighter, for example without a Research & Development
department.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

A7


--- Page 39 ---

48

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

Depreciation and amortization totaled 1,778 million euros, up +12.0%.
They went up slightly less rapidly than sales as the relative weight of
Industrial Merchant, an activity that has a lower capital intensity than
Large Industries, increased within the Group's business lines.

Over the year, efficiencies totaled 323 million euros and were higher
than the annual objective of 300 million euros of the NEOS program.
They represent savings of 31% of the cost basis (excluding Airgas).
More than 40% of these efficiencies came from industrial projects
related in particular to reducing logistics costs, optimizing production
unit operations and improving plant reliability by stepping up the
integration of remote operations centers (Smart Innovative Operations,
SIO). Savings on purchases accounted for more than one-third of the
total efficiencies and were primarily related to the purchases of energy
in Large Industries, molecules in Electronics and equipments in Home
Healthcare in Europe. The balance of efficiencies mainly included
administrative efficiencies and realignment plans in several countries
and activities including Engineering & Construction.

Airgas synergies represent 215 million US dollars cumulatively
since the acquisition of Airgas in May 2016, and 170 million US dollars
in 2017 alone — 40 million more than initial objectives. Cost synergies
reached approximately 190 million US dollars cumulatively and
materialized faster than anticipated. The savings made on Airgas
purchases as well as on the Groups purchases thanks to the scale
effect of the Airgas integration (for example, hardgoods purchases in
Canada) exceeded expectations. Synergies from integrating cylinder
operations, with site closures and restructuring plans, were achieved
earlier than anticipated. Growth synergies totaled approximatively
25 million US dollars cumulatively and are in line with expectations.
In total, cumulated synergies at the end of 2019 will be higher than
300 million US dollars. cost synergies at the end of 2017 being
higher than initial objectives, some synergies materializing faster than
anticipated. Growth synergies are ramping-up.

The Groups operating income recurring (OIR) reached
3,364 million euros in 2017, a published increase of +11.2%, or +7.5%
on acomparable basis compared to the 2016 adjusted OIR. At 16.5%,

the operating margin (operating income recurring to revenue) was up
+40 basis points compared to the 2016 adjusted operating margin.
Excluding the energy impact, it stood at 16.8%, or an improvement
of +70 basis point compared to the 2016 adjusted operating margin, in
line with the Group's objective to improve profitability.

Gas & Services

GAS & SERVICES 2017 OPERATING INCOME
RECURRING

Middle East
& Africa

3% |

Asia-Pacific
22%

3,587

million euros

Americas /

38%

Operating income recurring for Gas & Services amounted to
3,587 million euros, an increase of +10.8% as published compared
to 2016. The operating margin as published was 18.3%. Excluding the
energy impact, it stood at 18.5%, or a +60 basis points improvement
compared to the 2016 adjusted operating margin.

Inanenvironment where global inflation is limited, sales prices increased
+0.6% for the year, thanks in particular to Industrial Merchant (+1.3%).
Pressure on prices in Healthcare has continued, in particular in Europe.

Efficiencies totaled 297 million euros in 2017 for Gas & Services.

Gas & Services Operating margin 2016 2017
Americas 17.3% 16.8%
Europe 20.0% 19.3%
Asia-Pacific 18.5% 19.7%
Middle East & Africa 19.9% 17.2%
TOTAL 18.7% 18.3%

(a) Operating income recurring/revenue, as published figures.

Operating income recurring in the Americas zone reached
1,365 million euros, an increase of +26.8%. Excluding the energy
impact, the operating margin was 16.9%, down -40 basis points
compared to the 2016 margin as published, but up +120 basis points
compared to the adjusted 2016 margin. Indeed, the change in
business mix following the consolidation of Airgas, with reinforcement

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

of the relative weight of Industrial Merchant, affected the margin by
-160 basis points. The gradual recovery in the business, especially
in Industrial Merchant, the efficiencies and synergies generated,
supported a +120 basis point improvement in margin. The momentum
is positive, with the margin substantially increasing between the first and
second half of the year.


--- Page 40 ---

Operating income recurring in the Europe zone was 1,309 million
euros, nearly stable compared to 2016. Excluding the energy impact,
the operating margin came to 19.6%, down -40 basis points due to an
exceptional indemnity related to a customer contract received at the
end of 2016. Excluding this impact, the margin was up +10 basis points,
with efficiencies offsetting an unfavorable business mix within the zone
and continued pricing pressure in Healthcare in 2017.

In the Asia Pacific zone, operating income recurring amounted to
804 million euros, an increase of +10.2%. Excluding the energy
impact, the operating margin amounted to 19.9%, a sharp increase
of +140 basis points. This performance was driven by fast-growing
volumes in Large Industries and Industrial Merchant, by price increases
in Industrial Merchant, by a favorable business mix in Electronics with
strong developments in Advanced Materials and Carrier Gases, and by
asignificant contribution from efficiencies.

Operating income recurring in the Middle East and Africa zone was
109 million euros, down -4.5% compared to 2016. Excluding the
energy impact, the operating margin totaled 18.5%, a decrease of
-140 basis points. The 2016 margin had benefited from an exceptional
profit related to a customer indemnity received at the end of the year. In
2017, the dynamic business expansion in the zone and the high loading
rate of the Yanbu production units in Saudi Arabia partially offset this
impact.

Engineering & Construction

Operating income recurring for Engineering & Construction totaled
-23 million euros, penalized by a low volume of activity in a difficult
environment. The Group's mid-term target range for the margin remains
between 5% and 10%.

Global Markets & Technologies

The operating income recurring of Global Markets & Technologies
amounted to 42 million euros and the operating margin to 11.3%,
improving by +100 basis points compared to 2016. A portion of these
activities is in start-up phase and the margin level, which depends on
the nature of the projects carried out during the period, may vary rather
significantly.

Research & Development and Corporate costs

Research & Development (R&D) and Corporate costs totaled
242 million euros, down -4.6% compared to 2016.

NET PROFIT

Other operating income and expenses showed a balance of
-344 million euros. They include -400 million euros in non-cash
exceptional items following a strategic review of the asset portfolio as
part of the NEOS program. After the review, it was decided to impair
certain assets or to provision risks linked to the sustainability of some
assets in various countries such as India, China or Fort McMurray in
Canada. It also concerned some E&C assets as well as intangibles
related to evolving technologies. Excluding these items, the contribution

MANAGEMENT REPORT

2017 Performance

was a positive +56 million euros. It corresponds in particular to the
balance of gains on several business disposals, including Airgas’
refrigerants, integration costs of Airgas and costs related to realignment
plans realized in different countries and businesses.

The financial result of -489 million euros was +21.4% higher as
compared with 2016. Net finance costs in 2017 totaled -422 million euros
and were up +8.4%, notably due to financing of the Airgas acquisition
over 12 full months in 2017. Excluding currency, the increase was +8.2%.
The average cost of net debt of 3.2% rose slightly by +30 basis
points compared to 2016 (2.9%). Indeed, in 2017, finance costs for the
Airgas acquisition via long-term bonds were taken into account over 12
months. In addition, net financing of larger projects located in developing
economies in local currency (particularly in China, Saudi Arabia and
South Africa), where interest rates are higher, contributed to the increase
in the average cost of net debt. The increase in “other financial income
and expenses’ (+54 million euros) largely related to fees from bank card
payments following the consolidation of Airgas.

Taxes reached 207 million euros, down -540 million euros. An
exceptional non-cash gain of 586 million euros was recognized in 2017,
mainly due to US tax reform (the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) signed into
law on December 22,2017. Lowering the US federalincome tax rate from
35% to 21% generated a deferred tax saving whose positive impact was
partially offset by the estimation of a provision related to the new onetime
repatriation tax for reserves accumulated abroad by subsidiaries of
US-based companies, the payment of which will be spread out over
eight years. Due to these exceptional impacts, the effective tax rate
came to 8.2%. Excluding these items, the tax charge would come out
to 793 million euros. In 2018, the US tax reform should reduce the
Groups tax expenses by 50 to 70 million US dollars, applied to a
recurring effective tax rate currently at 29.4%.

The share of profit of associates amounted to 5 million euros,
compared to 7 million euros in 2016. The share of minority interests
is up +11.2% and reached 92 million euros as the profit from subsidiaries
with minority shareholders rose, particularly in Saudi Arabia.

Net profit from discontinued operations was -37 million euros and
reflected the impact on the 2017 fiscal year of the disposal of Air Liquide
Welding finalized in July.

Net profit (Group share) amounted to 2,200 million euros in 2017, up
+19.3%. Excluding the non-cashimpacts of non-recurringitems andthe
US tax reform, the net profit (Group share) totaled 2,029 million euros,
a+10.0% increase. This “recurring” net profit will be the reference used
to evaluate the 2018 performance.

At 5.16 euros, net earnings per share as published was up +11.2%
compared to 2016. The growth of net earnings per share as published
was less than the net profit (Group share) due to the October 2016
capital increase. Excluding the non-cash exceptional items mentioned
above, net earnings per share amounted to 4.76 euros, a growth of
+2.6% after taking into account the capital increase. Please note that
net earnings per share for previous fiscal years was restated for the free
share attribution carried out in October 2017. The average number of
outstanding shares used to calculate net earnings per share as of
December 31, 2017 was 426,409,142.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

49


--- Page 41 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

Change in the number of shares

2016 2017
Average number of outstanding shares ® 397,747,479 426,409,142
Number of shares as of December 31, 2016 388,875,761
Options exercised during the year, prior to the free share attribution 462,734
Cancellation of treasury shares (1,100,000)
Free shares issued 39,814,353.
Options exercised during the year, after the free share attribution 344,702
NUMBER OF SHARES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2017 428,397,550

(a) Used to calculate net earnings per share and adjusted in 2016 for the free share attribution that took place on October 4, 2017.

DIVIDEND

At the Annual General Meeting on May 16, 2018, the payment of a
dividend of 2.65 euros per share will be proposed to shareholders
for fiscal year 2017. This represents a +12.4% increase taking into
account the free share attribution that took place on October 4, 2017.

The total estimated pay-out taking into account share buybacks and
cancellations would amount to 1162 million euros, representing a
pay-out ratio of 53% as published or 57% of “recurring” net profit. The
ex-dividend date is scheduled for May 28, 2018 and the payment is
scheduled for May 30, 2018.

2017 Cash Flow and Balance Sheet

a
(in millions of euros) 2016 2017
Cash flow from operating activities before change in working capital 3,523 4,133
Change in working capital requirement 331 188
Other items (158) (67)
Net cash flow from operating activities 3,696 4,254
Dividends (1,019) (1,099)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net of disposals ® (13,609) (1,850)
Increase in share capital 3,361 70
Purchase of treasury shares 4 (158)
Impact of exchange rate changes and net indebtedness of newly consolidated companies & others (663) 780
Change in net indebtedness (8,129) 1,997
Net indebtedness as of December 31 (15,368) (13,371)
Debt-to-equity ratio as of December 31 90% 80%

(@) Including transactions with minority shareholders.

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working
capital requirements totaled 4133 million euros, up +17.3% as
compared with 2016, and stood at 20.3% of Group sales.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Net cash flow from operating activities after changes in working
capital requirements amounted to 4,254 million euros, up +15.1%
as compared with 2016 and reached 20.9% of sales. This improvement
is the result of measures taken to reduce working capital requirements.


--- Page 42 ---

CHANGES IN WORKING CAPITAL

The working capital requirements (WCR) decreased by -188 million
euros in 2017. This improvement primarily came from Gas & Services;
it was mainly due to a reduction in trade receivables, through factoring
measures and a decrease in payment delays of certain customers,
which more than offset the increase in inventory. The decrease in WCR

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In 2017, gross capital expenditures totaled 2,327 million euros,
including transactions with minority shareholders.

MANAGEMENT REPORT
2017 Performance

for Engineering & Construction, which was due to a decline in activity,
was more than offset by the increase in WCR of Global Markets &
Technologies, where sales benefitted from good momentum. The
working capital requirements excluding tax came to 6.4% of sales, down
compared with the ratio of 7.2% of 2016 adjusted.

Industrial Financial Total capital
(in millions of euros) investments investments ® expenditures
2011 1,755 103 1,858
2012 2,008 890 2,898
2013 2,156 401 2,557
2014 1,902 273 2,175
2015 2,028 395 2,423
2016 2,259 12,180 14,439
2017 2,183 144 2,327
(@) Including transactions with minority shareholders.
Proceeds from the sale of fixed assets, for a total of 477 million Industrial investments

euros, mainly related to the disposals of Air Liquide Welding and
Airgass refrigerants business.

Net capital expenditure, including the buyout of minority interests,
amounted to 1,850 ion euros.

Gross industrial capital expenditures for the Group amounted to
2,183 million euros in 2017, down -3.4% compared with 2016. They
represented 10.7% of sales. For Gas & Services, these expenditures
totaled 1,931 million eurosand their geographical splitis described below.

Gas & Services

Middle East
(in millions of euros) Europe Americas Asia Pacific and Africa Total
2016 566 737 599 155 2,057
2017 578 690 509 154 1,931
Financial investments ROCE

Financial investments amounted to 144 million euros, including
minority interest transactions of 4 million euros.

NET INDEBTEDNESS

Net indebtedness as of December 31, 2017 reached 13,371 million
euros, a significant decline of 4,997 million euros compared to the end
of 2016 due to a very high level of net cash flow generated by operating
activities in 2017. Currency and to a lesser extent scope impacts were
also favorable and contributed -780 million euros. The debt-to-equity
ratio (gearing) stood at 80% at the end of December 2017, a decline
compared to 90% at the end of 2016.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) after tax was 8.2%, a+40 basis
point improvement compared to 2016. Excluding the non-cash impacts
of exceptional items and the US tax reform on 2017 net profit, the ROCE
amounted to 7.7%, an improvement of +80 basis points compared
to adjusted 2016 ROCE (6.9%) taking into account the acquisition of
Airgas over the entire year. The Group confirmed the NEOS objective
of returning toa ROCE above 10% by 2021/2022.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

51


--- Page 43 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

© IN

The Group's steady long-term growth is largely due to its ability to
invest in new projects each year. Investment projects in the industrial
gas business are spread throughout the world, highly capital intensive
and supported by long-term contracts, in particular for Large Industries.
Air Liquide has thus tailored its financing strategy to the nature of its

Investments

OVERVIEW
The Groups investments reflect its growth strategy.
They can be classified into two categories:

@ industrial investments, which bolster organic growth or guarantee
the efficiency, maintenance or safety of installations;

@ financial investments, which strengthen existing positions, or
accelerate penetration into a new region or business segment
through the bolt-on acquisition of companies or assets already in
operation.

The nature of the industrial investment differs from one World Business
Line to the next: from gas production units for Large Industries and
Electronics, to filling centers, logistics equipment, storage facilities
and management systems for Industrial Merchant, Electronics and
Healthcare. Capital intensity varies greatly from one activity to another.

Capitalintensity

Capital intensity is the ratio of capital required to generate one euro of
supplementary revenue, when projects or activities reach maturity. This
capital is either invested in industrial assets (production units, storage
facilities, logistics equipment, etc.), or used as working capital to finance
the development of the activities.

Capital intensity varies significantly from one business line to another:

@ inLarge Industries:

- air gases production has a capital intensity of between 2 and 3.
Itvaries with the trend in electricity prices,

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

ESTMENT CYCLE AND FINANCING STRATEGY

projects, based on the diversification of funding sources, the prudent
management of the balance sheet and innovative financing methods.
This financing strategy is fundamental for the Group's continued
development.

- hydrogen and cogeneration have a capital intensity of between
1and 15, due to the high proportion of natural gas in the cost of
sales. This capital intensity varies with the trend in natural gas
prices;

@ Industrial Merchant capital intensity to launch the activity ina new
market is between 1.5 and 2;

@ Electronics has an average capital intensity close to 1;

@ Healthcare has a capital intensity, excluding acquisitions, of around 1
depending on the product mix.

The Groups capital intensity continues to vary depending on the activity
mix, project type and prices of raw materials.

Whatever the capital intensity, any project must enable the Group to
achieve its Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) objective over the long
term. Therefore, for the same level of return on investment, the operating
margin (OIR to revenue ratio) of a project will depend on the capital
intensity of the activity in which the projects carried out.

The theoretical lifespan of gas production unit
contracts

Long-term development is one of the key characteristics of the
industrial gas business. It is particularly evident in the investment cycle,
where there is approximately a five-year span between the study of a
new construction project for a Large Industries customer and the first
corresponding industrial gas sales. Investment cycles in other business
lines are generally shorter. Monitoring the lifespan of these projects is
essential to anticipating the Group's future growth. The chart below
provides details of each stage of this process based on the example ofa
Large Industries contract.


--- Page 44 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

INVESTMENT CYCLE OF A LARGE INDUSTRIES CONTRACT

Opportunities > Signature > Construction » Revenue
under negotiation
° ° ° *
12-month portfolio Investment Net capex Start-ups
of opportunities decisions and ramp-ups
100 100 100
50 50 50 50
40
30 |
2016 ©2017 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021-2022
5-7 years

Applying a theoretical capital intensity of 2, an investment of 100 milion euros in a new project should generate 50 milion euros of sales per annum, fully ramped-up.

@ Identification and Negotiation phase: the projectis includedin the
portfolio ofinvestmentopportunitiesandentersintothe development
process. Projects exceeding 5 million euros of investment are
monitored within the portfolio of potential opportunities and split
between those for which a decisionis expected within12 months and
and those for which the investment decision will take more than one
year. Projects are then discussed and negotiated with the customer.
Projects can be removed from the portfolio for several reasons:

1. the contract is signed, it is removed from the portfolio and
therefore becomes an investment decision;

2. the projectis abandoned by the customer;

3. the customer decides against an over-the-fence gas supply, or
the project is awarded to a competitor;

4. the project is delayed beyond 12 months: it is removed from the
12-month portfolio but remains in the long-term portfolio.

m@ Signature phase: the two parties reach an agreement. The signing
of along-term contract represents an investment decision validated
by the internal governance bodies. The project is removed from the
portfolio of investment opportunities and is registered in current
investments.

@ Construction phase: the construction of the unit generally takes
between 12 and 24 months and sometimes up to 36 months
depending on the size of the project. This is the capital expenditure
period. The project remains in current investments.

m Revenue phase:

1. commissioning: this corresponds to the start-up of the unit.
Sales reflect the needs of the customer with a guaranteed

minimum volume at the take-or-pay level, guaranteeing
minimum profitability from the beginning of the contract;

2. ramp-up: this is the unit's ramp-up phase. Over the course of
the contract term, volumes increase above the take-or-pay level
to the nominal amount defined in the contract. Nominal capital
intensity is achieved only at the end of this phase.

Governance of major growth projects

Three Air Liquide entities are at the heart of major growth projects, from
development through to its execution.

Technology & Execution

Engineering
&

Construction

Technical
i Investing Business standards
Del
emery subsidiary line Markets ,
jest practices

The involved Business line ensures the global customer relationship,
provides the required know-how and ensures the overall consistency of
the project, in terms of both contract and technical standards. It is also
responsible for good internal governance practices.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE 53


--- Page 45 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

The local subsidiary proposes the development project and, once the
contract has been signed, carries the investment on its balance sheet.
Itis then responsible for operations, customer relations and the project's
financial profitability.

Engineering & Construction provides the technologies and guarantees
that they are competitive, both overall and specifically for each project,
thanks to a good industrial architecture solution. Engineering &
Constructionis responsible for the technical part of the execution of the
project.

Potential projects are identified well in advance, based on good market
knowledge and a strong local presence. The first stage includes
selecting the opportunities in which the Group would like to invest
both commercial and technical resources, in line with its global strategy.
This selection process is followed by a series of validation stages.

During the development stage, the project is submitted for the approval
of the geographic region on which it depends. At the Group level, two
major bodies validate the relevance of the project: the RIC (Resources &
Investment Committee — see below), and the ERC (Engineering Risk
Committee) which is responsible for assessing technical and execution
risk.

Once the project has been validated through the decision process,
approved by Air Liquide and signed with the customer, it is executed by
ateam composed of representatives of the investing subsidiary and of
Engineering & Construction, under the supervision of the geographic
region.

The type, complexity, geography and size of investment opportunities
have changed significantly during recent years. A dedicated CIG
(Capital Implementation Group) made up of experts strengthens the
teamin charge of executing investments.

THE RESOURCES & INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (RIC)

The purpose of these Committees is to assess and approve requests for investments that have been submitted, as well as medium and long-term
contractual commitments and Human Resource requirements that may arise therefrom.

They meet regularly (usually once or twice a month) for each hub (Houston, Frankfurt, Shanghai, and Dubai) and each World Business Unit (Healthcare,
Engineering & Construction, “Innovation and Development Division’ (IDD), Headquarters).

Each Committee meeting is chaired by amember of the Executive Committee and brings together business managers concerned by the investment,

as wellas representatives of the Group Finance Department.

The Committee's decisions are reviewed by Executive Management.

The decision is based on a rigorous assessment of individual projects as well as each project's expected profitability. The following criteria are

systematically reviewed:

@ =the location of the project: the analysis will take into account whether the project is based in an industrial basin with high potential, whether it is
connected to an existing pipeline network, or whether it is in an isolated location;

@ thecompetitiveness of the customer's site: based on size, production process and particularly of their environmental footprint, cost of raw materials

and access to markets;

customer risk;

contract clauses;

end products and the stability of future demand for these products;
quality of the technical solution;

country risk: evaluated on a case-by-case basis and can lead to changes in the financing policy and supplementary insurance cover;
Corporate Social Responsibility criteria, in particular relating to greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, and relations with local communities.

Following approval by the RIC and signing with the customer, the project is transferred to the Current investment category.

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES

The 12-month portfolio of opportunities totaled 2.1 billion euros,
as of December 31, 2017, down -100 million euros compared to the end
of 2016. It is stable since the end of June 2017, new projects entering
the portfolio offsetting those signed by the Group, awarded to the
competition or delayed.

Developing economies accounted for nearly 40% of 12-month
portfolio, a decline compared to the breakdown as of June 30, 2017,
due in particular to substantial activity in North America. The Americas

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

remained the first geographic zone for investment opportunities,
followed by Europe, then Asia. This breakdown of the portfolio of
opportunities is close to the breakdown of Group sales.

Around half of the investment opportunities corresponded to projects
with investments of less than 50 million euros, and only a few projects
were greater than 100 million euros. The smallest size projects contribute
to abetter distribution of risk.


--- Page 46 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

INVESTMENT DECISIONS AND INVESTMENT BACKLOG

Industrial investment

Financial investment Total investment

(in billions of euros) decisions decisions (acquisitions) decisions
2012 2.0 0.9 2.9
2013 2.2 0.5 27
2014 1.9 0.2 24
2015 1.9 0.5 2.4
2016 2.0 12.2 14.2
2017 2.4 0.2 2.6

In 2017, industrial and financial investment decisions reached
2.6 billion euros compared to 2.2 billion euros in 2016 excluding the
Airgas acquisition.

The investment backlog amounted to 2. billion euros, stable
compared with the end of 2016. The investment backlog should lead to
afuture contribution to annual revenue of approximately 0.8 billion euros

per year after the plants are fully ramped up.
Industrial decisions represented more than 90% of this amount and

were greater than in 2016 excluding the acquisition of Airgas. Industrial
Merchant represented a third of investment decisions, Large Industries
nearly 30%, Healthcare and Electronics close to 15%, with the remainder
in Global Markets & Technologies. These decisions concerned projects
located for almost 40% in the Americas, a third in Europe, nearly a
quarter in Asia and the remainder in Middle East and Africa.

START-UPS

In 2017, 19 new production units started up, including a major Air
Separation Unit in South Africa for the customer Sasol at the end of
December. Start-ups are broken down between ten units in Asia,
including eight in China, three units in Middle East and Africa, three units
Financial investment decisions reached approximately 180 million in the Americas and three units in Europe.
euros in 2017 and were almost stable compared to 2016. They mainly
involved bolt-on acquisitions in Healthcare, in Industrial Merchant and in
Global Markets & Technologies.

Asaresult, for 2017, the contribution of unit ramp-ups and start-ups
to sales reached 190 million euros, slightly higher than the latest
forecasts. This contribution should be significantly higher in 2018,
greater than 370 million euros, benefiting from numerous large unit
start-ups at the end of the year in 2017 and during the first half of 2018.

INVESTMENT CYCLE DEFINITIONS

Investment opportunities at the end of the period

Cumulative value of investment opportunities taken into account by the Group for a decision within the next 12 months. Industrial projects generating
revenue of >5 million euros for Large Industries and >3 million euros for other business lines. Includes replacement assets and efficiency projects.
Excludes maintenance and security-related investments.

Decisions during the period
Cumulative value of industrial and financial investment decisions. Growth and non-growth industrial projects, including replacement, efficiency,
maintenance and security assets. Financial decisions (acquisitions).

Investments backlog at the end of the period “
Cumulative value of investments for projects that have been decided but not yet started up. Industrial projects of >10 million euros, including replacement
assets and efficiency projects, excluding maintenance and security, alone.

Sales backlog
Cumulative value of forecast annual revenue, generated by current investments at the end of the period, fully ramped-up.

(a) Different from construction in progress (see note 14:1 to the consolidated financial statements on page 254) without threshold or activity criteria.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

55


--- Page 47 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

Financing Strategy

The financing strategy is regularly reviewed to provide support to the
Group's development and take into account changes in financial market
conditions, while respecting a credit profile in line with Standard & Poor's
and Moody's long term-minimum ‘A’ rating. This credit profile depends
on key ratios such as net debt to equity and cash flow from operating
activities before change in working capital requirements to net debt.

Following the acquisition of Airgas in 2016, Air Liquide's long-term credit
rating was downgraded two notches, from "A+" to ‘A-”, by Standard &
Poor's on May 24, 2016. Atthe time of this acquisition and the preparation
of its funding, the decision was taken to add the long-term rating of a
second rating agency. Long-term rating from Moody's for Air Liquide is
“A3", the equivalent of Standard & Poor's “A-”. Moreover, the short-term
ratings attributed to Air Liquide are “A2” for Standard & Poor's and “P2”
for Moody's. Standard & Poor's, on July 7, 2017,and Moody's, on May 19,
2017, confirmed their ratings and have maintained their stable outlook.

In 2017, the existing principles of prudence were maintained:

® pursuing the diversification of financing sources and spreading of
debt maturities in order to minimize refinancing risk;

® backing commercial paper issues with confirmed credit facilities;

@ hedging interest rate risk to ensure visibility of financing costs, in line
with long-term investment decisions;

@ funding investments in the currency of the operating cash flows, to
ensure a natural currency hedging;

™ apermanent centralization of funding and excess cash through Air
Liquide Finance, a wholly-owned entity of LAir Liquide S.A.

DIVERSIFYING FINANCING SOURCES

Air Liquide diversifies its financing sources by accessing various debt
markets: commercial paper, bonds and banks.

Air Liquide uses the short-term commercial paper market, in
France, through two French Commercial Paper programs of up to
an outstanding maximum of 3 billion euros each, and in the United
States through a US Commercial Paper program (USCP) of up to an
outstanding maximum of 2 billion US dollars.

Air Liquide also has a Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program to
issue long-term bonds of up to an outstanding maximum amount of
12 billion euros. As of the end of 2017, outstanding bonds issued under
this program amounted to 79 billion euros (nominal amount). The
Group's EMTN program allows, in particular, for bonds to be issuedin the
principal currencies (euro, US dollar, Japanese yen) as well as in other
currencies (Chinese renminbi, Swiss franc, pound sterling and ruble).

Thus, in March 2017, under its EMTN program, the Group conducted a
public bondissue for an amount of 600 million euros. This issue enabled
the Group to meetits financing needs.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

Asof December 31,2017, funding through capital markets accounted for
90% of the Group's total gross debt, for an amount of bonds outstanding
of 13.3 billion euros, across all programs, and 0.2 billion euros of
commercial paper. The total amount of bonds outstanding includes the
Airgas issues for a total of 115 billion US dollars (equivalent to 1.0 billion
euros), following the early redemption, on December 21, 2017, of the
400 million US dollars bondissue, issued on August 11, 2015.

The Group also raises funds through bank debt (loans and credit
facilities).

To avoid liquidity risk relating to the renewal of funding at maturity, and
in accordance with the Group's internal policy, the Group aims to limit its
short-term debt maturities toan amount whichis covered by committed
credit facilities. As of December 31, 2017, the amount of bilateral credit
facilities totaled 1.8 billion euros, the same amount as of December 31,
2016. In addition, the Group has a 1.3 billion euros syndicated credit
facility reaching maturity in November 2020.

As of December 31, 2017, the amount of debt maturing in 2018 was
25 billion euros, compared to 2.0 billion euros to December 31, 2016.
This evolution is related to the increase of the annual maturities after
the Airgas acquisition, regarding several bonds, mainly in euros and
in US dollar, maturing in 2018. These bonds will be partly renewed, in
particular on the European capital market.

NET INDEBTEDNESS BY CURRENCY AS OF DECEMBER 31

12/31/2016 12/31/2017
Euro 25% 31%
US dollar 59% 52%
Japanese Yen 4% 3%
Chinese renminbi 5% 5%
Other 7% 9%

TOTAL 100% 100%

Investments are generally fundedin the currency inwhich the cash flows
are generated, creating a natural currency hedge. In 2017, US dollar debt
decreased because of sales of non-strategic assets, along with a very
high level of net cash flows. It also benefited from a favorable currency
impact. The weighting between the euro and the US dollar has thus
shifted slightly, in favor of the euro. Despite a higher average debt, the
share of the debt denominated in Chinese renminbi remains stable at
December 31, 2017. Debt denominated in Japanese yen has decreased
due to lower funding requirements.


--- Page 48 ---

CENTRALIZATION OF FUNDING
AND EXCESS CASH

To benefit from economies of scale and facilitate capital markets
financing (bonds and commercial paper), the Group uses a dedicated
subsidiary, Air Liquide Finance. As of December 31, 2017, this subsidiary
centralized the vast majority of the Group's financing transactions.
It also hedges currency, interest rate and energy risk for the Groups
subsidiaries in those countries where it is permitted by law.

In the countries where local regulations permit, Air Liquide Finance
also centralizes cash flow balances through direct or indirect daily
cashpooling of these outstanding balances or through termloans. When
this method is not possible, there exist, nonetheless, local cashpoolings
which allow periodic intercompany loans to Air Liquide Finance. In 2017,
Air Liquide Finance included the Japanese yen and the Hong Kong
dollar in its daily cashpooling.

As of December 31, 2017, Air Liquide Finance had granted, directly
or indirectly, the equivalent of 156 billion euros in loans and received
439 billion euros in excess cash as deposits. These transactions were
denominated in 25 currencies (primarily the euro, US dollar, Japanese
yen and Chinese renminbi) and extended to approximately 220
subsidiaries.

Due to the currency matching within Air Liquide Finance, resulting
from the currency hedging of intra-group loans and borrowings, these
internal financing transactions do not generate a foreign exchange risk
for the Group.

Furthermore, the purpose of the European Market Infrastructure
Regulation (EMIR) covering OTC (“Over the Counter’) derivatives is to
improve the transparency of OTC markets and reduce the systemic risk
of financial markets. It applies to all derivative transactions carried out by
entities within the European Union.

Pursuant to this regulation which came into force in August 2012, Air
Liquide Finance, the Groups centralizing entity for financial transactions,
continues to be classified as a non-financial counterparty (NFC-), since
the transactions were still below the clearing thresholds at the end of
2017. It is thus required to apply risk mitigation measures and report
all its derivative transactions to the chosen trade repository, “DTCC”,
in accordance with the technical standards published by ESMA. The
mandatory reporting arising from the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act of the
United States is also centralized via the ‘DTCC’.

Furthermore, in certain specific cases (e.g. regulatory constraints, high
country risk, joint ventures, etc.), the Group limits its risk by setting up
specific financing in the local banking market, and by using credit risk
insurance.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Investment cycle and financing strategy

DEBT MATURITY AND SCHEDULE

To minimize the refinancing risk related to debt maturity schedules, the
Group diversifies financing sources and spreads maturities over several
years. This refinancing risk is also reduced by the regularity of the cash
flow generated from Group activities.

The average of the Group's debt maturity is 6.2 years at December 31,
2017, stable compared to December 31, 2016.

The following chart represents the Group's debt maturity schedule. The
single largest annual maturity represents approximately 17% of gross
debt.

DEBT MATURITY SCHEDULE

(in millions of euros)

2028
2028
2027 74
2026 Tk a 15.6
2025 61.0
2024 73.5
2023, 85.7
2022 85.3
2021 97.3
2020 71 a 131.4
2019 166.6

2018 A FTA en 1K AOO.0 85.8

0 200 400 600 800 1,000 1,200 1,400 1,600 1,800 2,000 2,200 2,400 2,600

Bonds and private placements
I Bank debt and finance leases
1 Commercial paper

US Commercial paper

BANK GUARANTEES

The Groups subsidiaries grant bank guarantees essentially in favor of
Engineering & Construction and Healthcare customers either during
the tender period (bid bond), or after contract award, during contract
execution until the end of the warranty period (advance payment bond,
retention bond, performance bond, and warranty bond).

The most common bank guarantees extended to customers to
secure the contractual performance are advance payment bonds and
performance bonds.

In the Groups ordinary course of business, certain subsidiaries are
required to provide financial payment guarantees to secure rental or
insurance obligations.

The projects, for which these guarantees are granted, are regularly
reviewed by management and when guarantee payment calls become
probable, the necessary provisions are recorded in the consolidated
financial statements.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

57


--- Page 49 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

© INNOVATION

Innovation is one of the pillars of the Groups strategy. As part of its customer-centric transformation strategy in the NEOS company program, open
innovation, through external partnerships, represents the predominant path to growth.

Innovating and transforming the Group

The Group’s innovation expenses amounted to 292 million euros in
2017. This amount is higher than that of the past five years. Innovation
expenses correspond to the OECD definition, namely research
and development, market launch and marketing expenses for new
offers and products. Likewise, applying the OECD definition, 3,800
employees work in entities dedicated to innovation or contribute to
innovation through the development and the market launch of new
offers and products.

Air Liquide Group's Innovation and Development Division (IDD)
brings together:

@ R&D, witha focus on science and the knowledge of Essential Small
Molecules (oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, COz, etc.) which embed the
Group’ scientific territory;

@ The drive and financing of Engineering & Construction’s
Innovation initiatives;

@ The Digital Transformation teams (includingi-Lab,LaFactory and
ALIZENT) working with the Information Systems, Digital Security
and World Business Lines teams, with the aim of providing digital
solutions to become the leader in customer experience;

= The Global Markets & Technologies WBU, which was
strengthened in 2017 to support the new markets of energy
transition, maritime logistics and scientific exploration;

@ The Hydrogen Energy WBU, created in 2017, to develop markets
opened by the use of hydrogen in energy transition;

@ ALIAD, Air Liquide's capital venture arm, whose role it is to invest
in minority stakes in technology start-ups, by encouraging the
implementation of technological and/or business agreements
between the start-ups and the Groups entities, in three sectors:
energy transition, healthcare and digital;

= Thelntellectual Property Department.

The Group’s network organization has improved collaborative
work between the Hubs and clusters and the Innovation and
Development teams. Both, the implementation of R&D projects in
the clusters to support operations and customers, and the Digital Fabs,
project teams dedicated to a digital transformation subject, with diverse
expertise including an operating entity, allow the Group to innovate

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

close to customer usages. The Innovation and Development teams
also work in close partnership with the World Business Lines.

The operational teams in the 80 countries where the Group operates
are responsible for rolling out innovations onalocal basis as soonas they
come on to the market. They also contribute to incremental innovation
on the ground and act as pilot in the definition and development of new
solutions.

In 2017, Air Liquide continued to invest in new innovation centers.
The Group is building its new Paris-Saclay Research Center, which
will replace the existing center. It will be home to 350 researchers and
experts in the area of environment, healthcare and digital, at the heart of
the Paris-Saclay science and technology ecosystem. This new building
will provide the opportunity to implement innovations emerging from
R&D projects. More than 50% will involve renewable energy sources
like solar power and biogas, with a focus on the use of a fuel cell to
meet the heating, cooling and electricity needs of the center. Moreover,
in September 2017, Air Liquide laid the foundations of its innovation
center in Japan, which will house, in particular, as of 2019, the R&D,
Innovation and Development teams, in the city of Yokosuka near Tokyo.

The number of patented new inventions reflects, in particular, the
Group's innovation capacity. More than 300 new inventions were
protected in 2017. These are complemented by third-party intellectual
property rights, obtained by partnerships, which contribute to
exploring new growth opportunities or testing new technologies and
digital solutions. Air Liquide has a portfolio of 3,335 inventions, which
are protected by at least one patent. Air Liquide's portfolio contains over
11,000 patents, and the Group applies for the registration of around
1,000 new patents every year.

In 2017, Air Liquide continued to strengthen its open innovation
strategy:

@ by relying on the Group’s teams contributing to innovation,
placing an emphasis on collective intelligence;

@ by leveraging external ecosystems to identify relevant
technologies and reduce development times;

@ byfocusing onmajor trends whichrepresent growth opportunities,
while responding to the challenges of the Group's customers and
patients: energy transition, healthcare and digital transformation.


--- Page 50 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

Relying on the Group’s teams contributing to innovation

The inventiveness of the teams that interact with customers and
patients on a day-to-day basis enables Air Liquide to reinvent its
business, anticipate the challenges of its markets and take into account
new customer usages. The Group has not only implemented internal
programs to encourage and recognize the talent and expertise of
its technical experts who contribute to innovation, but also, since 2014,
the talent of its internal entrepreneurs.

The recognition of technical expertise is a key factor for innovation.
In 2003, Air Liquide launched Technical Community Leaders
(TCL), a promotion and recognition program for the technical field
and for the expertise of Group employees. Since TCL was created,
more than 3,000 experts have been recognized, thus, playing a
key role in sharing expertise, knowledge and technical excellence. In
2017, three International Fellows, 24 International Senior Experts and
2 International Experts from different regions of the world (Europe,
Asia Pacific, North and South America) received this recognition.

This community of the Group's technology experts contributes to the
transfer of technical know-how, to the sharing of best practices, and to
the long-term development of the skills that Air Liquide will need in the
future. This is carried out in close collaboration with the World Business
Lines and with R&D which houses the communities of experts.

The Group's Inventors Recognition Program, #iNVENT, rewards
the inventors of patented inventions that are successfully marketed,

or that give Air Liquide a competitive advantage. Moreover, a trophy
is awarded for the best invention of the year, selected among the
patent applications filed within each World Business Line in the past
two years, and a bonus to inventors when a patent is delivered. This
program ensures greater responsiveness for rewarding inventors, and
better monitoring of inventions. Air Liquide celebrated 20 years of the
#iNVENT program in 2017, the oldest employee recognition program of
the Group. More than 2,500 rewards have been awarded to inventors
employed by Air Liquide since 1997.

These patented inventions mainly come from the employees in the
Groups R&D, Engineering & Construction and Global Markets &
Technologies teams, but also from certain operating entities. The
geographic spread of new patent applications filed in 2017 was as
follows: 34% in Europe, 25% in Americas, 30% in Asia Pacific and 11% in
Middle East & Africa.

Air Liquide also recognizes its employee entrepreneurs who
contribute to innovation by imagining new ways of developing the
Group's business or by adapting Group offerings to make them
more customer-centric. In 2017, Air Liquide honored 99 internal
entrepreneurs, in Paris and in all its Hubs.

This collective intelligence approach, which involves the creation of
transversal teams, with a strong diversity of profiles, contributes to the
efficiency of innovation.

Leveraging external ecosystems

The dynamic management of interactions between internal
communities and external innovation ecosystems, known as “open
innovation”, is a key innovation factor for the Group. Thanks to the
development of collaborations between, on one hand, its operating
and Innovation entities, and, on the other hand, its customers, scientific
partners and technology institutes, SMEs, suppliers and start-ups, this
“open innovation” has enabled Air Liquide to accelerate the pace of its
innovation.

R&D PARTNERSHIPS

More than 60% of Research and Development projects were
conducted in the frame of partnerships with laboratories, start-ups,
industrial players and customers in 2017. Air Liquide steers 85 industrial
partnerships and 101 scientific partnerships, and supports three
research chairs in France with the Ecole Centrale Paris, the Mines
ParisTech school and the Paris Sud University. The diversity of these
partnerships is part of the R&D strategic roadmap.

In 2017, three new partnerships, established with the winners
of the 2016 Air Liquide Essential Molecules Challenge, were
implemented: the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in
Switzerland, the Kyoto University and the Nagoya University in Japan,
as well as the Paris-Diderot University and the Centre National de la
Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) in France. These partnerships aim
to transform the scientific proposals into innovative, market-adapted
technologies.

In Europe, Air Liquide continued its partnerships with the CEA and the
CNRS as part of long-term strategic agreements and projects with its
partners in Germany: the Freiberg University of Technology and
the Erlangen-Nuremberg University. In Healthcare, the Group has
continuedits partnerships with the Institut Pasteur on new therapeutic
applications of medical gases and with the Institut du Cerveau et de
la Moelle épiniére sur les Maladies neurodégénératives (Brain and
Spine Institute —- Neuronal Degeneration).

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

59


--- Page 51 ---

60

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

In the United States, Air Liquide works in partnership with several
DoE (Department of Energy) laboratories and participates in six
multi-partner consortia, in particular the CELDI, led by the Carnegie
Mellon University working on decision-making tools for the optimized
management of production units. In 2017, teams at the Delaware
Research & Technology Center entered a partnership with the
University of Princeton, New Jersey, in data and applied mathematics
to develop expertise in the use of mathematical models as decision-
making tools. In Canada, Air Liquide is working with the University of
Montreal on the treatment and monitoring of patients suffering from
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).

In Asia, the Shanghai Research and Technology Center (SRTC),
which was opened in 2016, and which houses almost 250 employees
including researchers, experts in customer applications and business
development teams, has become a major center of innovation for
the Group in the Asia Pacific region. The center focuses on energy
transition, reduction of CO, emissions, wastewater treatment, air quality,
food safety and healthcare. Covering 12,000 m?, the center houses
laboratories, offices, a showroom and pilot demonstration platforms
and welcomes on average 500 visitors per month, of which half are
external to the Group, who collaborate with the Air Liquide teams to
develop new innovative solutions. Moreover, in Japan, the partnership
with Kyoto University and Nagoya University on organic metals has
led to encouraging results in gas separation and storage.

COLLABORATIONS WITH START-UPS

As part of its open innovation strategy, Air Liquide works with more
than 100 start-ups worldwide, within supply, distribution and
co-development agreements.

ALIAD, Air Liquide’s capital venture arm, is fully integrated into
this strategy. ALIAD has completed more than 30 investments in
technology start-ups since its creation in 2013 withatotalcommitment
of around 80 million euros in three sectors: energy transition,
healthcare and digital. Air Liquide makes minority investments in these
start-ups, with a specificity which provides a strong business foothold:
each equity investment is accompanied by a business partnership or
technological agreement with the start-up.

In 2017, ALIAD invested in Ubleam, a start-up based in Toulouse that
specializes inthe Internet of Things, whichis developingatag technology
to enhance the information delivered to the customer; in Dietsensor, a

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

French company in the health-nutrition sector, which has developed an
application for diabetic patients that helps them track the carbohydrate
levels of their meals; in the private equity firm Investisseurs &
Partenaires, which offers financial support to the development of
microfinance institutions and small to mid-size businesses located
across 15 African countries; in Libhéros, which has developedan online
platform as well as a mobile application which simplifies the booking
of appointments for at-home treatments; in CombaGroup, a Swiss
start-up which is developing an environmentally-friendly solution based
on aeroponics technology for growing lettuce with a longer shelf-life;
in Diabeloop, which is developing an artificial pancreas to improve
the treatment of diabetes patients; and in ENS Urban, a Dutch start-up
which has developed a solution to capture particulate matter to improve
air quality. ALIAD has also increased its financial commitment in six
companies in its portfolio, underlining its long-term strategy to provide
ongoing support for start-ups.

Interms of co-development, the Groups innovation entities (R&D, i-Lab,
Digital Transformation teams...) and Operations work in partnership with
start-ups to develop offerings and digital solutions in agile mode by
rapidly accessing complementary technologies. For example, a chat
bot which provides the Groups industrial operators with better spare
parts management for maintenance operations was developed as
a Proof of Concept with the start-up Zelros in France; ALIZENT, Air
Liquide's entity dedicated to the industrial Internet of Things, signed a
partnership agreement with Sigfox to market a joint offering.

Air Liquide relies on incubators and accelerators to source start-ups
and support their growth. In 2017, Air Liquide became a founding-
member of Techstars, a US start-up accelerator, when it launched
its new Paris-based program. The Group was again the partner of
Hello Tomorrow and its Challenge - an international competition for
technology start-ups open to young researchers and entrepreneurs
throughout the world, and took part in major events, accompanying
start-ups to CES in Las Vegas, in the United States, and to Viva
Technology in Paris.

Air Liquide was recognized in November 2017 as one of thethree most
advanced major groups in the “Co-development” category of The
French Tech Barometer of Start-up Corporate Collaborations,
among 40 major companies. This barometer, which measures the
economic success of these collaborations and identifies best practices
to improve the ecosystem, rewards the companies which are the most
committed and perform the best with start-ups.


--- Page 52 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

Innovation preventing the global warming, improving
healthcare and supporting digital transformation

The allocation of the Groups innovation spending focuses on subjects
which correspond to the three major trends which are shaping the
Group's markets.

Almost 60% of innovation expenses in 2017 were related to projects
that contribute to improve the environmental footprint, air quality and
healthcare. Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD definition,
namely research and development, market launch and marketing
expenses for new offers and products.

Projects related to reducing the environmental impact mainly included:

™@ research and development programs for new technologies that
improve the energy efficiency of the Group's production units

BLUE HYDROGEN®

and thus, reduce the environmental impact, in particular COs, of
the Group’s activities and help to improve that of its customers and
partners;

® all the hydrogen production and distribution processes, and
the development of new technologies to support the roll-out of
hydrogen energy;

@ biogas purification and valorization to market it in the form of Natural
Biogas and as Bio-NGV fuel to inject back into the energy grid.

Close to 30% of the Group's innovation expenses in 2017 is devoted
to reducing CO, emissions, by reducing the carbon content of its
products or those of its customers.

Blue Hydrogen? is an Air Liquide initiative that aims to gradually lower the carbon content of its hydrogen production dedicated to energy
applications. Concretely, Air Liquide is committed to achieving at least 50% of low carbon hydrogen necessary for these applications by 2020,

by combining:

@ theuse of low carbon energies, water electrolysis and reforming of biogas;

@ carboncapture and valorization technologies for the CO, emitted during the production of hydrogen from natural gas.

Even when produced using natural gas, hydrogen is a virtuous energy: over an equal distance traveled, the use of hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles
decreases greenhouse gas emissions by 20% compared with combustion vehicles and does not emit any particulate matter.

Healthcare-related innovations include:

™ research and development on medical gases, in particular for
analgesia andin respiratory diseases;

® support for patients through connected monitoring solutions;
@ development of specialty and active ingredients for cosmetics;

@ work on hygiene and disinfection products to fight against
nosocomial infections.

Finally, to support the digital transformation, Air Liquide created a
Data & Decisions Lab in 2017, the aim of whichis to ensure the Groups
scientific excellence in areas of data science including data analysis,
machine learning and artificial intelligence, and in areas of decision
sciences such as financial mathematics and game theory. This initiative
will help identify new scientific opportunities, support the adoption of
data science within the Group and broaden the Group's range of digital
services for its customers.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

él


--- Page 53 ---

62

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

Some initiatives carried out in 2017

INNOVATING FOR PATIENTS AND HEALTHCARE
PROFESSIONALS

In Healthcare, Air Liquide has rolled out its first e-health solution,
“Chronic Care Connect™”, a medical telemonitoring solution to
provide remote support to patients suffering from chronic diseases in
their homes thanks to digital advances which make the daily monitoring
and personalized support of patients possible. According to the medical
care protocol defined by the doctor, the patient uses one or more
connected measuring devices (eg. blood pressure monitor, scale,
pulse oximeter, blood glucose monitor), which are linked to a digital
tablet and provide the patient with access to his or her monitoring. The
patient's medical data is transferred and remotely analyzed by nurses
at Air Liquide's monitoring center, who have regular discussions with
the patient and his or her doctor. This connected monitoring solution
helps patients improve their quality of life by staying at home, and helps
doctors manage in a preventive fashion any changes in the health of
their patients. It also helps manage the health system's expenses, by
avoiding hospitalization. In 2017, this solution was rolled out in France
and Spain, for patients suffering from heart failure and diabetes.

By signing a partnership with CERITD, the French Center for Studies
and Research for the Intensification of Diabetes Treatment, Air
Liquide is strengthening its position in home healthcare for patients
with diabetes. With this new collaboration, Air Liquide continues
the approach based on cooperation between hospital teams and
homecare nurses. Moreover, Air Liquide has acquired an equity stake
in the French start-up “Diabeloop”, which is designing an electronic
artificial pancreas composed of a connected insulin pump in the
form of a patch and a glucose sensor. Driven by an algorithm, which
determines the correct insulin dose, this system will allow the automated
delivery of insulin in real time and thus, reproduce the functions of the
defective pancreas and improve the patient's glucose regulation.

Air Liquide also inaugurated in Thiés, Senegal the first Oxygen House,
a central location for the Access Oxygen offering. This offering aims
to make medical oxygen accessible to small health posts and health
centers which care for patients living in suburban and rural areas in
emerging countries. Medical oxygen is essential for the treatment of
respiratory and cardiac diseases and in the fight against infant and
maternal mortality. After Thiés, a region that has more than 140 small
health structures without access to medical oxygen, Access Oxygen
is being rolled out throughout Senegal. This solution includes training
and maintenance programs for healthcare professionals led by an Air
Liquide biomedical engineer, and a digital application designed for
doctors and nurses in these small health structures. This project was led
by i-Lab, Air Liquide's innovation laboratory, and is part of the Groups
Inclusive Business approach, which proposes a new offering for the
BoP (Bottom of the Pyramid) market while creating a social impact.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

INNOVATIVE ELECTRONIC MATERIALS
TO DECREASE THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
OF THE SECTOR

Air Liquide continued to roll out its new innovative etching materials
to meet the architectural challenges of chips, and with a priority on
increasingly complex memories, linked to their reduction in size and
etching on three sides. The current trendis to increase the performance
of these memories and to decrease the energy consumption of
electronic equipment. In response to these technological challenges,
Air Liquides R&D teams in the United States and Japan, and the
operational subsidiaries of the Electronics activity, started developing
new etching molecules back in 2010, in active partnership with
customers, universities and equipment manufacturers. In preparation
for the transition to an architecture of three-dimensional (3D) chips, the
R&D centers invested in additional competencies and capabilities to
identify and develop more than one hundred etching molecules.

The enScribe™ product offering covers a family of etching materials
for applications which provide greater technological value in the
production of memories and logic circuits. Etching gases have a high
Global Warming Potential (GWP): the chemical structure of enScribe™
molecules was reworked so that they have a shorter lifespan in
the atmosphere, but maintain the same level of performance. The
enScribe™ materials address technical challenges, but also reduce the
environmental impact carried by semi-conductor manufacturing.

INTRODUCTION OF NEW OFFERS FOR
CRAFTSMEN AND INDUSTRIES

EXELTOP™, the next generation of built-in regulators for industrial
gas cylinders, continues to be deployed throughout the world. Current
territories include Singapore, Middle East, South Africa, France,
UK, some Northern and Eastern European countries and Canada.
EXELTOP™ provides users with stability and accuracy thanks to its
two-stage built-in regulator and a quick connection available for all
gases. This product has an intuitive design with an on/off lever, an
easy-access graduated handwheel and greater resistance with a
strengthened metallic valve, which improves the safety of cylinders.

Air Liquide is a partner of the “LIFE CleanOx" project, supported by
the European Commission, which aims to validate the relevance of the
new HeatOx™ generation, a solution based on oxy-combustion for
the glass industry. Energy efficiency and the reduction of emissions
are two major challenges for the glass sector, where large amounts
of energy are needed to reach the very high temperatures required to
melt glass. This solution consists of extracting heat from combustion
fumes in order to heat oxygen and fuel. This technology improves the
performance of the oxy-combustion process by 10% and provides up to
50% energy savings and up to 50% CO; emission reductions compared
to air combustion.


--- Page 54 ---

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION: DEPLOYMENT OF
THE SMART INNOVATIVE OPERATIONS PROGRAM

The Group continues to deploy its Smart Innovative Operations program
which aims to transform its Large Industries activity. In January 2017, Air
Liquide inaugurated, near Lyon, a remote operation and optimization
center for Air Liquide sites in France, as part of the Connect project.
Through a national view of its customers needs and the ability to adapt
plant production levels according to customer demand, this center
allows the Group to remotely pilot the production of 22 plants in France
and to optimize their energy consumption. With the analysis of big data,
Air Liquide has strengthened its reliability through the development,
for example, of predictive maintenance with the identification of the
weak signals that precede a malfunction. With the creation of the pilot
center and the introduction of new technologies (touch tablets, 3D
scanning, video tutorials, etc.) in the daily work of employees, this project
is part of Air Liquide’s open innovation approach which brings together
production site, IT and Digital Transformation teams, and the French
ecosystem of technology start-ups. Air Liquide has also launched its
remote operation center in Shanghai which, in the long-term, will pilot
all the large production units in China.

CONTINUING ROLL-OUT OF HYDROGEN
STATIONS

The Group commissioned 13 new hydrogen stations in 2017.
Air Liquide’s Anaheim station, in the United States, where the State
of California has launched a program to support the deployment
and use of hydrogen vehicles, has carried out 6,400 fill-ups, which
represents almost 20,000 kg of hydrogen.

In Dubai, Air Liquide opened, in partnership with Al-Futtaim Motors,
Toyota's exclusive retailer in the country, the first hydrogen charging
station in the United Arab Emirates. Moreover, Air Liquide has opened
seven new stations in Germany, in the towns of Cham, Limburg,
Milheim, Bad Rappenau, Wolfsburg, Koblenz, and Hirschberg, and two
in Japan, in Fukuoka and Kobe. In the Paris region, Air Liquide opened
asecond hydrogen charging station, at Paris Orly airport. This station
fuels the fleet of STEP, with 75 taxis under deployment. Two further
openings are expected in France in 2018, near Versailles and at Paris
Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport, as well as 13 in Germany, one in Japan
and 7 in the United States. To date, Air Liquide has already developed
and installed 100 hydrogen charging stations worldwide, of which the
Group invested directly in 40.

All hydrogen stations installed by Air Liquide can fill in less than five
minutes for a range of around 500 kilometers. Used in a fuel cell,
hydrogen combines with oxygen from the air to produce electricity, with
water as the only by-product. Air Liquide masters the entire hydrogen
supply chain, from production to storage, and from distribution to the
development of applications for end users, thus contributing to the
wider use of hydrogen as a clean energy source.

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation

In 2017, the Hydrogen Council, a global committee which brought
together 28 leaders in the energy, transport and industry sectors, to
promote hydrogen with a view to achieve climate change-related
objectives (as agreed in the Paris Agreements), was created. During
the launch of the first global initiative of its kind, the members of
the Hydrogen Council demonstrated their desire to intensify their
investments in the development and marketing of hydrogen and fuel
cells. Their investments are currently estimated at 1.4 billion euros per
year. At the end of 2017, the Council was co-managed by Air Liquide
and Toyota. According to a study presented by the Hydrogen Council
in November 2017, hydrogen could contribute to the energy transition,
accounting for 20% of the reduction of CO. emissions targets
by 2050. This study also highlights that hydrogen has the potential
to generate 2,500 billion US dollars in revenue and create more than
30 million jobs.

ACCELERATION IN THE PRODUCTION OF BIOGAS
AND THE DEPLOYMENT OF MULTI-ENERGY
STATIONS

Air Liquide has completed the acquisition of ENN Clean Energy UK.
This acquisition marks an additional step in Air Liquide's development
of transportation solutions that reduce CO2 emissions in the United
Kingdom. The company operates three natural gas stations dedicated
to trucks in the United Kingdom, which are now part of Air Liquide's
European network of more than 60 bio-NGV (Natural Gas for Vehicle)
stations, mostly supplied by the Air Liquide biogas purification units in
the United Kingdom, France, Sweden and Norway.

Air Liquide has entered the biogas market in Norway through the
acquisition of a majority stake in the Norwegian company Skagerak
Naturgass SA. The company operates a distribution network delivering
natural gas to industry and biomethane to the Norwegian transport
sector through four bio-NGV stations. This new joint venture allows Air
Liquide to pursue its business development in the Scandinavian biogas
market which is one of Europe's key markets in the development of
sustainable mobility. The Norwegian government has declared targets
for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and is committed to phasing
out fossil fuels in the transportation sector altogether by 2030.

Air Liquide has inaugurated two new multi-energy stations in Servon
and Crépy-en-Valois in France in partnership with Carrefour, a French
retailer. These stations will provide NGV and bio-NGV for transport
vehicles. Carrefour is rolling out bio-NGV stations throughout France in
order to ensure fuel for its trucks, witha target of 200 biomethane-fueled
trucks by the end of 2017. Air Liquide is partnering with major retailers
and transport specialists to support the development of clean fuel
alternatives. Bio-NGV is a clean and renewable energy that reduces
CO: emissions by 90% and noise by up to 50% compared with diesel
fuel. This renewable biofuel is produced using waste at Air Liquide's
biogas valorization plants. At the end of 2017, Air Liquide operated
8 multi-energy stations in France.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

63


--- Page 55 ---

MANAGEMENT REPORT

Innovation
Moreover, a project led by Air Liquide was chosen in a 20-million- In China, Air Liquide has built its first biomethane production plant,
pound government-led program for the deployment of zero-emission which processes agricultural waste and contributes to reducing
vehicles in the United Kingdom. This project will involve carrying out greenhouse gas emissions. This plant supplies NGV stations, bearing
tests on 80 natural gas-powered trucks. The aim of these tests in mind that China is the world’s largest NGV market with five million
will be to measure the consumption of these vehicles, along with their vehicles.
performance and cost.

Innovation indicators concerning the Group as a whole

a

As at December 31, 2017

Number of employees working on innovation 3,800
including researchers 1,100 researchers of 41 nationalities
including Global Markets & Technologies employees 1,800
including employees working on innovation in E&C and further entities 900
R&D industrial partnerships 85
R&D scientific partnerships (academic and technology institutes) 101
Start-ups collaborating with the Group 100

INNOVATION EXPENSES @

300- 273 «282 «288 292

275 252 257 +269
250 235
5] 224 218
200 4
1754
150+
125
100+

75

50-4

25-4

0

2008 §=2009 «2010 «2011 «2012 «2013. 2014 2015) 2016 = 2017

H Innovation expenses (in millions of euros)

Patents 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Number of inventions protected by at least one patent 3,288 3,369 3,200 3,363 3,335
New patent applications filed during the year 321 287 271 296 318

(a) Applying the OECD definition.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE


--- Page 56 ---

© STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Strategy

Air Liquide’s ambition is to lead its industry, deliver long-term
performance and contribute to sustainability. Its strategy for profitable
growth over the long-termis that of a customer-centric transformation. It
is based on operational excellence and the quality of its investments, on

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Strategy and outlook

open innovation and the network organization already implemented by
the Group worldwide. Air Liquide addresses energy and environmental
transition, changes in healthcare, and digitalization through the
commitment and inventiveness of its collaborators.

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE (CAGR) OVER 30 YEARS

Revenue: +6.0%

Net profit: +8.1%.
Earnings per share ®): +7.5%
Dividend per share "!:+8.6%

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital: +6.9%

(a) Adjusted for the 2-for-1 share split in 2007, for attribution of free shares and for a factor of 0.974 reflecting the value of the rights of the capital increase completed in October 2016.

(b) Subject to the approval of the Shareholders Meeting on May 16, 2018.

The industrial gases industry has enjoyed steady growth over the
last 100 years due to the ever increasing needs of new and growing
economies, the emergence of new applications supported by
innovation and technological research, and increased customer
outsourcing of gas production. The demand for industrial gas, therefore,
has risen faster historically than industrial production.

Within this framework, the Groups strategic approach has shifted from
a geographical viewpoint, where industrial growth came mainly from
capacities increase in developing economies, to a market-based
focus, where each country aims to attract new investments in growth
sectors.

A SOLID MODEL

Two Business lines, Large Industries and Healthcare, are the least
dependent on economic cycles. Industrial Merchant is impacted
by local industrial production momentum, whereas Electronics
is correlated to the semi-conductor sector. In Large Industries, the
supply of gas is contracted for a duration of 15 years, or more for specific
projects, and incorporate take-or-pay clauses which guarantee a
minimum level of revenue. Underlying market for Healthcare activities
ensure growth in demand which is decorrelated from economic
cycles. Industrial Merchant serves a very wide range of markets and
multiple customers in various industrial processes. The development
of the semi-conductor industry with its numerous digital applications
is the main source of Electronics sales growth, an industry which is
maturing. Moreover, through its four World Business Lines, the Group
serves numerous customers in a variety of industries and across a wide

range of geographies. These characteristics, which are inherent to the
Industrial Gas and Healthcare businesses, reinforce the strength of the
business model.

CORPORATE PROGRAM NEOS

The previous strategic program of Air Liquide named ALMA™ finished
at the end of 2015. Following the Airgas acquisition, the Group acquired
anew dimension and thus entered a new phase of its development.
On the occasion of its Capital Markets Day on July 6, 2016, Air Liquide
has presented its vision of the evolution of its markets, its strategy, its
growth prospects, and its new company program NEOS for the period
2016-2020, which marks anew step in the development of the Group.

In an economic environment characterized by moderate global
growth and major changes related to scientific and technological
advances, Air Liquide has identified three major long-term trends, which
are sources of growth for its businesses. These trends are energy
and environment transition, changes in healthcare, and digitization.
The latter affects both asset management and the way in which the
Group interacts with customers and patients, and is part of an open
ecosystem.

Air Liquide's ambition is to lead its industry, deliver long-term
performance and contribute to sustainability. To address these key
challenges and this new market potential, Air Liquide can rely on its
leading positions in the major industrial basins worldwide, its proprietary
technologies, its capacity for innovation, its solutions and services, its
operational excellence, and its network organization.

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE

65


--- Page 57 ---

66

MANAGEMENT REPORT
Strategy and outlook

The financial aims of the NEOS program for the 2016-2020 period are
based on: a revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of +6%
to +8%, including in 2017 the scope effect relating to the consolidation
of Airgas, which contributes +2% to the CAGR; substantial recurrent
efficiency gains of more than 300 million euros on average per year from
2017, in addition to synergies related to Airgas for a total amount above
300 million US dollars; a Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) in excess
of 10% after five to six years; and, finally, maintaining its long-term "A"
range rating thanks to the strength of its balance sheet.

With NEOS, the Group is able to deliver a long-term performance by
being more connected toits stakeholders as well as more innovative.

Outlook

The year 2017 marks a new step for the Group, which successfully
integrated Airgas and which has acquired a new scale, with annual
sales surpassing 20 billion euros.

Inamore favorable global economic environment, all Gas & Services
activities grew in 2017, in particular Industrial Merchant, which accounts
for nearly half of our revenue and whose recovery is being confirmed
quarter after quarter. On a geographic level, growth was mainly driven
by the developing economies, China in particular, the solid level of
activity in the Americas, and the Large Industries projects in the
Middle East.

The Group's operating performance is improving, with high efficiency
gains globally and synergies related to Airgas ahead of our forecast
that contribute to the increase in the operating margin and to higher

PERFORMANCE AND SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT

The Group has confirmed its ambition to be the leader in its industry, by
demonstrating its long-term performance and behaving responsibly
in its contribution to a more sustainable world. As part of the NEOS.
program, the Group has reinforced its actions aimed at improving the
air quality for a better environment and health. Air Liquide will pursue an
active dialog with its stakeholders to contribute to a more sustainable
world. The Group set up the Corporate Sustainability Program (CSP),
see pages 81 to 92.

The Group thus creates a virtuous dynamic where sustainable
developmentis an integral part of performance.

net profit. The balance sheets strong: the high level of cash flow making
a significant contribution to lowering debt by nearly 2 billion euros in
the year.

The Group can also rely on its investment decisions, particularly in
favor of innovation, which reached a total of 2.6 billion euros in 2017,
as well as on its 21 billion euros investment backlog to fuel its future
growth. Thanks to its new size, efforts to improve competitiveness,
and initiatives launched in connection with its strategic program, the
Groupis well-positioned for future growth and development.

Accordingly, assuming a comparable environment, Air Liquide is
confident in its ability to deliver net profit growth in 2018, calculated at
constant exchange rate and excluding 2017 exceptionals®.

(@) 2017 exceptionals: exceptional non-cash items having a net positive impact on 2017 net profit

2017 REFERENCE DOCUMENT | AIR LIQUIDE
