

--- Page 1 ---

Strategy and Objectives

Our Strategy:
Partner for the New Energy World

E.ON's strategy focuses our company systematically on the
new energy world of empowered and proactive customers,
renewables and distributed energy, energy efficiency, local
energy systems, the increasing electrification of energy con-
sumption, and digital solutions. By seizing the initiative, E.ON
can—for the benefit of customers, employees, business part-
ners, shareholders, and society in general—take advantage of
the significant opportunities created by the transformation of
the energy world. Our strategy reflects three fundamental mar-
ket developments and corresponding growth businesses: the
global trend toward sustainable energy sources (particularly
wind and solar), the use of energy networks as a platform for
distributed-energy solutions, and customers’ changing needs in
an increasingly electrified and efficient energy world. We aim to
add value in all of our businesses by delivering an outstanding
performance in all areas and by putting customers at the center
of everything we do. Examples include continual innovation, an
unambiguous commitment to sustainability, the expansion of
digital architecture across the organization, and a strong brand.

Objectives and Core Businesses

E.ON is based in Essen, Germany, and has around 43,000
employees. With a clear focus on three strong core busi-
nesses—Energy Networks, Customer Solutions, and Renew-
ables—we aim to become the partner of choice for energy and
customer solutions.

¢ Energy Networks: distribution grids link our customers
together and are the backbone of the energy transformation.
In Germany, 95 percent of all renewable energy is fed into
regional, customer-proximate distribution grids, and about
one third of distributed generating capacity subsidized by
the Renewable Energy Law is connected to E.ON grids. The
energy system is complex and increasingly characterized by
distributed generation. It connects the electricity market,
heat market, and transport sector. This complex system is
not possible without smart distribution grids. This means that
grids no longer just distribute power. They are evolving into
smart platforms that integrate processes, data, and generat-
ing facilities. Physical infrastructure is now supplemented by
a new digital layer. E.ON is already a leader in network effi-
ciency and will continue to set new standards in the future.

¢ Customer Solutions: E.ON wants to become the partner of
choice for municipal, public, industrial, commercial, and resi-
dential customers and to create added value for them. We
intend to achieve this through a consistently convincing cus-
tomer experience, a strong digital orientation, and high-quality
service. In addition, we will continually improve or redefine
our portfolio of products and services in response to cus-
tomers’ demand for energy efficiency, distributed generation
and storage, and sustainable mobility solutions.

18

¢ Renewables: wind, solar, and other carbon-neutral technolo-
gies are indispensable ingredients in a climate-friendly
power mix. E.ON's objective is to make a significant contri-
bution. E.ON's increasingly international renewables busi-
ness will therefore continue to invest in attractive target
regions. Capabilities in project development and execution
and in operational excellence already give us a competitive
advantage in this business.

Resources and Capabilities

Each of these core businesses has its own viable business logic.
But combining them in a single company offers significant
advantages. It enables E.ON to acquire and leverage a compre-
hensive understanding of the transformation of the energy
system and the interplay between the individual submarkets in
regional and local energy supply systems. In an increasingly
distributed and digital energy world, for example, we expect
customer solutions and energy networks to converge going
forward. Today, smart meters are already providing the basis for
new energy-sales offerings, such as time-based electricity tar-
iffs and energy-efficiency solutions.

In addition to our three core businesses, our portfolio includes a
nuclear power business in Germany, which is not a strategic
business segment for E.ON and is managed by a separate oper-
ating company, PreussenElektra of Hanover. On July 3, 2017,
E.ON transferred the payment amount (including a risk premium)
totaling approximately €10.3 billion to Germany's public fund
to finance nuclear-waste disposal. This transferred the respon-
sibility for the intermediate and final storage of E.ON's nuclear
waste to the Federal Republic of Germany. As the phaseout moves
forward, E.ON will continue to ensure that its nuclear assets are
decommissioned and dismantled safely and cost-effectively.

The systematic focus on three core businesses will enable E.ON
to retain its existing strengths and advantages and build on
them. Examples include our success at developing and building
an international renewables portfolio consisting of 5.1 GW of
operational capacity (supplemented by an attractive develop-
ment pipeline and an established service business for wind
farms) and our outstanding record of managing a total of roughly
800,000 kilometers of energy networks. In 2017 our customer
solutions business reached several milestones in energy stor-
age, e-mobility, and heat supply. For the first time, we enabled
owners of solar panels to store their output without a battery


--- Page 2 ---

by feeding it directly into the E.ON SolarCloud, storing it there,
and accessing it from any location. In Denmark, where our
1,300 charging points make us the country's leading operator, we
surpassed one million charging transactions. We are expanding
our charging infrastructure outside Denmark as well. Examples
include a partnership with CLEVER to establish a network of
180 ultra-fast charging points in seven European countries.

Split of Enerjisa Joint Venture

In August 2017 E. ON and its joint-venture partner Sabanci
decided to split Enerjisa, which operates in the Turkish market,
into two separate entities: Enerjisa Enerji (distribution grids and
sales) and Enerjisa Uretim (power generation and trading). The
reason for the split was the realization that the two businesses
are very different in terms of customer focus, degree of regula-
tion, growth opportunities, and financial challenges. The split
enables two independent management teams to focus specifi-
cally on the challenges of their respective businesses. On Feb-

ruary 5, 2018, E. ON and Sabanci announced that 20 percent of

their Enerjisa Enerji stock had been sold to international and
Turkish investors. The stock (symbol: ENJSA) began trading on
the Istanbul Stock Exchange on February 8, 2018.

Uniper Spinoff

Uniper has been an independent company since the beginning
of 2016. In line with its intention to fully divest its Uniper stake
over the medium term, E.ON signed an agreement with Fortum
on September 26, 2017, to sell its Uniper stock. Under the

agreement, Fortum would make a voluntary public takeover offer

to Uniper's shareholders, including a cash payment of €22 per

share. At the beginning of January 2018, E.ON decided to accept

Fortum's voluntary takeover offer and sell its 46.65-percent
stake in Uniper. The closure of the transaction is subject to reg-
ulatory approvals.

tives

Corporate Ini

In 2017, the first year after the split-off of Uniper, EON moved
forward with key corporate initiatives and launched new ones
with the aim of enhancing its competitiveness and customer
orientation. These initiatives lay an important foundation for
E.ON's lasting success in the years ahead. All of them are
designed for rapid results and implementation.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

19

¢ Our strategic review has ensured that the entire EON Group
uses its existing strengths to successfully shape the energy
transition for the long-term benefit of its employees, cus-
tomers, and shareholders. This includes focusing systemati-
cally on the electric energy world and on customers. The
increased use of electricity will play a key role in the sustain-
able development of the energy world. Since the future
energy world will not only be more distributed but also more
customer-driven, we can only achieve lasting success if cus-
tomers perceive E.ON as trustworthy and as their partner of
choice. We intend to sharpen the focus of our three seg-
ments (Customer Solutions, Energy Networks, and Renew-
ables) to enable them to respond appropriately to the trends
in their respective businesses. We will transform our elec-
tricity grids into a smart platform for the energy transition, a
platform on which a variety of market participants will make
transactions in the future. At our renewables business, we
intend to significantly enlarge our onshore wind position and
to enter new markets. As for customer solutions, we will
focus on rapidly expanding our solar and battery solutions
for residential customers. In addition, E.ON is investing in
e-mobility, including establishing a charging infrastructure
in Europe.

¢ The Phoenix program is making the setup of E.ON's central
and support functions closer to customers and reducing
unnecessary bureaucracy. For example, we scrutinized com-
pany policies and made them much leaner. This gives our
customer-proximate functions greater decision-making author-
ity, enabling faster decision-making and implementation. In
the future, support functions like IT and procurement will be
more closely integrated with our operating business. In addi-
tion, the results of the program will improve our bottom line
by €400 million from 2018 onward. The discontinuation or
outsourcing of tasks is expected to affect up to 1,300 jobs
across the Group. E. ON is working with employee represen-
tatives to find mutually acceptable solutions for employees
whose jobs are being eliminated and in 2017 already imple-
mented such solutions for a majority of the jobs affected.

Finance Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report enti-
tled Financial Situation contains explanatory information about
our finance strategy.

People Strategy

The section of the Combined Group Management Report enti-

tled Employees contains explanatory information about our
people strategy.


--- Page 3 ---



--- Page 4 ---

Combined Group
Management Report

¢ Adjusted EBIT in core business up slightly
¢ Adjusted net income considerably above prior-year figure

¢ Economic net debt reduced more significantly than expected,

balance sheet strengthened

¢ €10.3 billion payment into Germany's public fund for financing

nuclear-waste disposal completely relieves E.ON of liability
¢ Uniper stake tendered to Fortum at the start of 2018
¢ Management to propose dividend of €0.30 per share

¢ 2018 adjusted EBIT expected to be between
€2.8 and €3 billion



--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Profile

Corporate Profile
Business Model

E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately
43,000 employee. Led by Group Management in Essen, our
operations are segmented into three operating units: Energy
Networks, Customer Solutions, and Renewables. Our non-stra-
tegic operations are reported under Non-Core Business.

Group Management

The main task of Group Management is to lead the E.ON
Group. This involves charting E.ON's strategic course and man-
aging and funding its existing business portfolio. Group Man-
agement's tasks include optimizing E.ON's overall business
across countries and markets from a financial, strategic, and
risk perspective and conducting stakeholder management.

In view of our new strategy and the Annual Shareholders
Meeting's vote to spin off Uniper, we reported Uniper activities
as a discontinued operation in 2016. When the Control Termi-
nation Agreement took effect, Uniper was deconsolidated
effective December 31, 2016. E.ON's remaining Uniper stake
was recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements as an
associated company and accounted for using the equity
method. Uniper's earnings were reported under non-operating
earnings. In September 2017 E.ON and Finnish energy com-
pany Fortum concluded an agreement that gave E.ON the
option to sell its 46.65-percent stake in Uniper to Fortum in
early 2018 pursuant to a takeover offer (see the commentary
in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Effective
the end of September 2017, we classify our Uniper stake as an
asset held for sale. In January 2018 E.ON decided to tender its
46.65-percent stake in Uniper pursuant to the takeover offer,
thereby exercising its option. The closure of the transaction is
subject to regulatory approvals.

Energy Networks

This segment consists of our power and gas distribution net-
works and related activities. It is subdivided into three regional
markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey
(which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania,

22

Slovakia, and Turkey). This segment's main tasks include operating
its power and gas networks safely and reliably, carrying out all
necessary maintenance and repairs, and expanding its networks,
which frequently involves adding customer connections.

Customer Solutions

This segment serves as the platform for working with our cus-
tomers to actively shape Europe's energy transition. This
includes supplying customers in Europe (excluding Turkey)
with power, gas, and heat as well as with products and ser-
vices that enhance their energy efficiency and autonomy and
provide other benefits. Our activities are tailored to the individ-
ual needs of all types of customers: residential, small and
medium-sized enterprises, large commercial and industrial,
and public entities. E.ON’s main presence in this business is in
Germany, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, the Czech
Republic, Hungary, and Romania. E.ON Connecting Energies,
which provides customers with turn-key distributed-energy
solutions, is also part of this segment. We established a decen-
tralized procurement organization in all the regions where we
operate to procure the power and gas necessary to supply our
customers.

Renewables

This segment consists of Onshore Wind/Solar and Offshore
Wind/Other. We plan, build, operate, and manage renewable
generation assets. We market their output in several ways: in
conjunction with renewable incentive programs, under long-term
electricity supply agreements with key customers, and directly to
the wholesale market.

Non-Core Business

This segment consists of our non-strategic activities. This
applies to the operation of our nuclear power stations in Ger-
many (which is managed by our PreussenElektra unit).


--- Page 6 ---

Management System

Our corporate strategy aims to deliver sustainable growth in
shareholder value. We have in place a Group-wide planning and
controlling system to assist us in planning and managing E.ON
as a whole and our individual businesses with an eye to increas-
ing their value. This system ensures that our financial resources
are allocated efficiently. We strive to enhance our sustainability
performance efficiently and effectively as well. We have high
expectations for our sustainability performance. We embed
these expectations progressively more deeply into our organiza-
tion—across all organizational entities and all processes—by
means of binding company policies and minimum standards.

Our main key figures for managing our operating business are
adjusted EBIT and cash-effective investments. Other key fig-
ures for managing the E.ON Group—alongside adjusted net
income, and earnings per share (based on adjusted net
income)—are cash-conversion rate and ROCE.

Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (“adjusted EBIT") is
E.ON's most important key figure for purposes of internal man-
agement control and as an indicator of its businesses’ long-
term earnings power. The E.ON Management Board is con-
vinced that adjusted EBIT is the most suitable key figure for
assessing operating performance because it presents a busi-
ness's operating earnings independently of non-operating fac-
tors, interest, and taxes. The adjustments include net book
gains, certain restructuring expenses, impairment charges, and
other non-operating earnings, which include, among other
items, the marking to market of derivatives (see the explanatory
information on pages 37 and 38 of the Combined Group Man-
agement Report and in Note 33 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

Cash-effective investments are equal to the investment expen-
ditures shown in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Cash-conversion rate is equal to operating cash flow before
interest and taxes divided by adjusted EBITDA. It indicates
whether our operating earnings are generating enough liquidity.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

23

Return on capital employed (ROCE") assesses the value perfor-
mance of our operating business. ROCE is a pretax total return
on capital and is defined as the ratio of adjusted EBIT to annual
average capital employed.

Adjusted net income is an earnings figure after interest income,
income taxes, and non-controlling interests that has been
adjusted to exclude non-operating effects. Also excluded are
non-operating interest expense/income, taxes on operating
earnings, and non-controlling interests’ share of operating
earnings.

E.ON manages its capital structure by means of its debt factor
(see the section entitled Finance Strategy on page 33). Debt
factor is equal to our economic net debt divided by adjusted
EBITDA and is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net
debt includes our net financial debt as well as our pension and
asset-retirement obligations.

Alongside our most important financial management key fig-
ures, this Combined Group Management Report includes other
financial and non-financial key performance indicators ("KPIs")
to highlight aspects of our business performance and our
sustainability performance vis-a-vis all our stakeholders: our
employees, customers, shareholders, bond investors, and the
countries in which we operate. Operating cash flow and value
added are examples of our other financial KPIs. Among the KPIs of
our sustainability performance is TRIF (which measures reported
work-related injuries and illnesses). The Employees chapter
contains explanatory information about TRIF. However, this KPI
is not the focus of the ongoing management of our businesses.


--- Page 7 ---

Corporate Profile

Innovation

E.ON's innovation activities reflect its strategy of focusing sys-
tematically on the new energy world of empowered and proac-
tive customers, renewables and distributed energy, energy effi-
ciency, local energy systems, and digital solutions. EON
therefore has the following Innovation Hubs:

« Retail and end-customer solutions: develop new business
models for distributed-energy supply, energy efficiency, and
mobility

« Renewables generation: increase the cost-effectiveness of
existing wind and solar assets and study new renewables
technologies

« Infrastructure and energy networks: develop energy-storage
and energy-distribution solutions for an increasingly distrib-
uted and volatile generation system

¢ Energy intelligence and energy systems: study potentially
fundamental changes to energy systems and the role of data
in the new energy world.

Strategic Co-Investments

We want to identify promising energy technologies of the
future that will enhance our palette of offerings for our millions
of customers around Europe and will make us a pacesetter in
the operation of smart energy systems. We select new busi-
nesses that offer the best opportunities for partnerships, com-
mercialization, and equity investments. Our investments focus
on strategic technologies and business models that enhance
our ability to lead the move toward distributed, sustainable, and
innovative energy offerings. These arrangements benefit new
technology companies and E.ON, since we gain access to their
new business models and have a share in the value growth.

24

In 2017 these included Cuculus, a software company based in
Ilmenau, Germany. We are partnering with Cuculus to develop
solutions for the smart home of the future. The solutions are
based on the Internet of Things (“IoT"), in which different
devices and systems can communicate with and control each
other via the Internet. Homes in the new energy world will typi-
cally have solar panels, battery storage systems (including vir-
tual storage solutions like the E. ON SolarCloud), electric vehi-
cles, and charging systems. All these systems have to be
continuously automated and coordinated so that energy is used
as efficiently as possible. This will make energy customers more
independent of their energy supplier and also relieve them of
the complex task of optimizing each individual system. Smart
meters and lol technology enable the communication neces-
sary to coordinate the systems.

In 2017 we sold our stake in Greensmith, a battery solutions
provider, to Wartsila of Finland, a global leader in advanced
technologies for the marine and energy markets. E.ON began
working with Greensmith in 2015 on a 10-MW energy-storage
system in Tucson, Arizona. In September 2016 E.ON increased
its stake in Greensmith and also began installing two more
energy-storage systems in Texas.


--- Page 8 ---

Sample Projects from 2017

Customer Solutions

Since 2015 E.ON customers have been able to use E.ON Smart
Check, an app that provides transparency on their energy use.
Customers can use the app to compare and analyze their energy
consumption on a regular basis and thus, for example, avoid
unexpected supplementary payments.

The E.ON Smart Check’s features have been enhanced continu-
ally since its launch. Consumers who participated in a pilot proj-
ect in 2017 were able to automatically connect all electrical
appliances in their household to the app and receive important
information about them. In the project, for example, the app
was capable of indicating whether a washing machine was cal-
cified or living-room lighting was inefficient. EON Smart Check
is already used by more than 120,000 customers.

Distributed Networks

E.ON is one of 20 partners in InterFlex, a European smart-grid
project that is part of Horizon 2020, an EU framework program for
research and innovation. The purpose of InterFlex is to find new
ways to make the power supply more flexible and to optimize it at
the local level. In 2017 we launched two major InterFlex initiatives
in which we are testing a number of state-of-the-art solutions in
three demonstration projects in Germany and Sweden. They
include:

¢ islanding: operating and controlling autonomous microgrids
in real time, including the integration of distributed generat-
ing units and energy-storage devices

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

25

© peer-to-peer energy trading: self-generating renewable
power and trading it directly with a neighbor or another con-
sumer

¢ demand response: flexibly managing the demand for power
depending on how much of it is available on the market.

InterFlex is planned to run for three years. The E.ON Energy
Research Center is also involved in the project.

University Support

Our innovation activities include partnering with universities
and research institutes to conduct research projects in a variety
of areas. The purpose is to study ways to expand the horizons of
energy conservation and sustainable energy and to draw on this
research to develop new offerings and solutions for customers.
This research is conducted primarily at the E.ON Energy
Research Center, which focuses on renewables, technologically
advanced electricity networks, and efficient technology for
buildings.


--- Page 9 ---

Business Report

Macroeconomic and Industry Environment

Macroeconomic Environment

The OECD considers global economic activity to be more robust.
Monetary and fiscal incentives enabled most countries to achieve
improved economic growth. Private investments, however,
remain stagnant. The OECD estimates that the global economy
grew at a rate of 3.6 percent in 2017.

2017 GDP Growth in Real Terms

Annual change in percent

Germany
Italy
Euro zone

Sweden

United
Kingdom

USA
OECD

Turkey

0 1 2 3 4 5 6

Source: OECD, 2017.

Energy Policy and Regulatory Environment

Global

The 23rd United Nations climate change conference took place in
Bonn, Germany, from November 6 to 17, 2017. It too focused on
the practical implementation of the Paris Agreement. Based on
scenarios developed by the World Energy Council and the Inter-
national Energy Agency, the Paris Agreement's objective of limit-
ing the increase in global temperatures to under 2 degrees Celsius
can only be reached with greater efforts.

Europe

The European Union completed a two-year legislative process
to reform the Emissions Trading System for the period 2021 to
2030. The new agreement calls for a steady decline in the over-
supply of emission allowances, which should lead to an increase

26

in the total carbon price. The agreement also includes new rules
to support the introduction of national carbon prices. It enables
member states to voluntarily withdraw allowances from the

market in order to implement their own carbon-pricing policies.

The EU intends to enhance its position as the world's leading
region for low-emission vehicles. It put forward legislative pro-
posals aimed at reducing the carbon intensity of Europe's vehi-
cle fleet. The proposals center on electrification with the goal of
increasing the proportion of electric vehicles in the current fleet
to 7 percent by 2025. This would result in a considerable
expansion of, and demand for, the charging infrastructure for
these vehicles.

The EU continued the process of enacting the proposals con-
tained in the “Clean Energy for All Europeans" package of
energy and climate legislation. With a number of proposals
about to be enacted, it is clear that the EU will increase its tar-
gets for renewables use and energy efficiency. At the end of the
legislative process, the EU will focus on ensuring that member
states fulfill their obligations in the energy sector.

Germany

On June 30, 2017, the German Bundestag passed the Grid Fee
Modernization Act which lays the legal foundation for transmis-
sion grid fees to be standardized nationwide and for changes to
be made in the compensation for avoided grid fees pursuant to
Section 18 of the Electricity Grid Charges Ordinance. The act,
which will be implemented gradually, will yield considerable
savings for our distribution-grid customers through 2023.

The German Federal Constitutional Court ruled that the nucle-
ar-fuel tax was invalid. This entitled E.ON to a tax refund of
approximately €2,850 million. The refund, which was paid in
fullin June 2017, is recorded as other operating income and as
cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations.


--- Page 10 ---

Under the amended Combined-Heat-and-Power ("CHP") Act,

compensation for CHP units between 1 and 50 MW is deter-

mined by competitive tenders conducted by the Federal Net-

work Agency. This has intensified competition, reducing com-
pensation from 7 cents per kWh to about 4 cents per kWh.

CHP plants that entered service after August 1, 2014, had paid
40 percent of the full renewables levy. The European Commis-
sion intends to rescind approval of this limitation. An enforce-
ment ban has therefore been in effect since January 1, 2018,
and Germany will have to enact new legislation for new CHP
plants (Renewable Energy Law self-supply regulation pursuant
to Section 61b, Item 2, of the Renewable Energy Law). Until
such legislation is enacted and approved, all new CHP plants
will have to pay the full renewables levy.

The provisions for “renters' power" introduced in the Renewable
Energy Law of 2017 (the subsidization of electricity supplied
directly from solar systems on apartment buildings) will enable
both renters and property owners to benefit from the expansion
of renewables, such as the installation of rooftop solar panels.
This will create new growth opportunities for the distribut-
ed-energy business.

The coalition agreement for the planned continuation of the
grand coalition in Germany commits the CDU, CSU, and SPD to
climate targets for 2030 and 2050. One target is for renewables
to meet about 65 percent of the country's gross electricity con-
sumption by 2030. The agreement also foresees an ambitious
action plan for upgrading and expanding energy networks, rec-
ognizing the increased importance of distribution networks. The
scope for digital business models is to be expanded, with data
protection to be a top priority.

United Kingdom

The U.K. government published draft legislation to cap the
standard tariff for residential customers by 2020. It is possible
that this deadline could be extended to 2023. Parliament is
currently considering the draft, which is expected to become law
in 2019. While the political scene remains dominated by the
Brexit negotiations, Britain's future stance with regard to EU
energy policy and regulation remains uncertain. Nevertheless,
Britain intends to fulfill its own commitments and continue its
carbon-reduction policies. These include the further expansion of
electric cars, renewables, energy efficiency, and new technologies.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

27

Italy

The Italian Regulatory Authority for Electricity, Gas, and Water
wants to spur competition in the end-customer market and
intends to supplant regulated tariffs. In November 2017 the
Italian government published a national energy strategy for the
next ten years. The strategy seeks to promote energy-efficiency
measures, expand renewables, enhance supply security, reduce
Italy's energy price premium relative to the rest of Europe, pro-
mote sustainable mobility and environmentally friendly fuels,
and phase out coal-fired generation.

Sweden

Sweden's energy policy is focused on the implementation of the
targets and measures contained in the agreement on the coun-
try's energy future reached in 2016. The extension of the sup-
port scheme for renewables through 2030, the development
of strategies for energy efficiency, solar energy, and demand
flexibility will all play important roles. In addition, the Swedish
government set ambitious climate targets for 2030 for the
transport sector and put in place new mechanisms to promote
e-mobility and gas-powered vehicles. Sweden's energy regula-
tor presented proposals for new grid regulation starting in
2020 and a new market design for electricity suppliers.

East-Central Europe

In late August 2016, the Czech Republic announced that it will
extend the current regulatory period for electricity and gas
prices by two years to 2020. The next regulatory period starts
in 2021. In it, the country's regulatory agency wants to pro-
mote cost efficiency while also stimulating grid investments
through a mechanism that provides fair and stable returns on
investment. Romania continued its liberalization program. The
wholesale gas and power markets were fully liberalized on
April 1 and July 1, 2017, respectively. Hungary's new electric-
ity and gas regulatory periods began in 2017 and had a posi-
tive impact on the distribution-grid business. They introduced
new methodologies for investments in power distribution net-
works, incentives to invest in renewables, and favorable tax
treatment for investments in energy-efficiency projects. The
government is also discussing ways to simplify and accelerate
grid-connection processes.


--- Page 11 ---

Business Report

Earnings Situation

Business Performance in 2017

In the 2017 financial year our operating business performed well.
Our sales of €38 billion were at the prior-year level. Adjusted
EBIT in our core business rose by €38 million to €2.6 billion.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group declined by €38 million to
€3.1 billion (if disposals are factored out, adjusted EBIT was

€9 million below the prior-year figure). Adjusted net income
increased by about €0.5 billion to €1.4 billion. Our adjusted EBIT
and adjusted net income were therefore at the upper end of our
forecast range of €2.8 to €3.1 billion and €1.2 to €1.45 billion,
respectively. In addition, our objective was to record a cash-
conversion rate of 80 percent. Cash-conversion rate is equal to
operating cash flow before interest and taxes divided by
adjusted EBITDA (roughly €5 billion). Operating cash flow
before interest and taxes, which was substantially affected by
extraordinary items such as our payment into Germany's public
fund for nuclear-waste disposal and the refund of nuclear-fuel
taxes, amounted to -€2.2 billion in 2017. Adjusted for these
effects, our cash-conversion rate surpassed 100 percent. Our
ROCE was 10.5 percent, slightly higher than our forecast of

8 to 10 percent.

Our investments of €3.3 billion were slightly above the prior-year
figure of €3.2 billion but below the €3.6 billion foreseen for 2017
in our medium-term plan. The deviation is principally attributable
to our Renewables segment, which postponed certain payments
to 2018.

Our operating cash flow of -€3 billion was substantially below
the prior-year figure of €3 billion, primarily because of our pay-
ment into Germany's public fund for nuclear-waste disposal in
July 2017.

28

Acquisitions, Disposals, and Discontinued Operations in 2017
We executed the following significant transactions in 2017.
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about them:

¢ Uniper stake

« Hamburg Netz

¢ E.ON Varme Lokala Energilésningar (small and medium-sized
district-heating networks in Sweden).

Disposals resulted in cash-effective items totaling €770 million
in 2017 (prior year: €836 million). This figure includes the sales
price for Hamburg Netz which was paid in 2017.

Sales

Our sales declined by about €0.2 billion to €38 billion in 2017.
Energy Networks’ sales surpassed the prior-year figure by

€1.1 billion, primarily because of higher costs charged by
upstream grid operators in Germany that we passed through to
customers. Its sales were slightly higher in Sweden and
East-Central Europe/Turkey owing to volume and price factors.
Customer Solutions’ sales declined by €0.8 billion, principally
because of lower sales volume and currency-translation effects
in the United Kingdom as well as the expiration of supply con-
tracts for the wholesale-customer business in Germany, which
was transferred to Uniper. Sales at our Renewables segment
were up by about €250 million year on year, primarily because
of an increase in owned generation following the commission-
ing of new wind farms in the United States and favorable wind
conditions in Poland, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Swe-
den. Non-Core Business’s sales were at the prior-year level. The
prior-year figure for Corporate Functions/Other includes E&P
operations in the North Sea that were sold in 2016.


--- Page 12 ---

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

29

Sales

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2017 2016 +1-% 2017 2016 +1-%
Energy Networks 4,123 3,685, +12 16,990 15,892 +7
Customer Solutions 6,088 6,289 -3 21,567 22,368 -4
Renewables 474 335 +41 1,604 1,357 +18
Non-Core Business 355 470 -24 1,585 1,538 43
Corporate Functions/Other 234 279 -16 796 1,124 -29
Consolidation -1,246 -1,083 - -4,577 -4,106 -
E.ON Group 10,028 9,975 +1 37,965 38,173 a

Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statements of Income
Own work capitalized of €524 million was at the prior-year level
(€529 million) and predominantly reflects the completion of IT
projects and grid investments.

Other operating income increased by 3 percent, from

€7,448 million to €7,649 million, mainly because of the refund
of nuclear-fuel taxes paid in previous years (€2,850 million). In
addition, the sale of securities and the release of provisions
resulted in higher income than in the prior year. By contrast,
income from currency-translation effects declined from
€5,039 million to €1,950 million, and income from derivative
financial instruments decreased from €1,141 million to

€613 million. Corresponding amounts resulting from currency-
translation effects and derivative financial instruments are
recorded under other operating expenses.

Costs of materials of €29,788 million were significantly below
the prior-year level of €32,325 million. In the prior year this item
was adversely affected by the provisions for nuclear-asset-retire-
ment obligations that had to be recorded after Germany's Bunde-
stag and Bundesrat passed the Act Reorganizing Responsibility
for Nuclear Waste Management in December 2016.

Personnel costs of €3,162 million were €323 million above the
prior-year figure of €2,839 million, mainly because of the costs of
our reorganization program, which has been under way since the
start of 2017. By contrast, personnel costs were reduced by
lower past-service costs for pension plans.

Depreciation charges declined substantially year on year, from
€3,823 million to €2,769 million. In particular, depreciation
charges on capitalized dismantling costs for nuclear-waste dis-
posal recorded in 2016 pursuant to Germany's Act Reorganizing
Responsibility for Nuclear Waste Management did not recur.
Impairment charges were higher than in the prior year and were
recorded primarily at Renewables and Customer Solutions in the
United Kingdom.

Other operating expenses declined by 18 percent, from

€7,867 million to €6,475 million. This was principally because
expenditures relating to derivative financial instruments
decreased substantially, from €4,925 million to €1,663 million.
By contrast, expenditures relating to currency-translation effects
rose from €231 million to €1,838 million. In addition, other
operating expenses increased owing to our obligation to pass
ona portion (€327 million) of the refunded nuclear-fuel tax to
minority shareholders of our jointly owned power stations.

Income from companies accounted for under the equity method
of €716 million was substantially above the prior-year figure of
€285 million. The increase in the amount of €431 million
resulted primarily from the inclusion of our stake in Uniper SE
as a company accounted for using the equity method during the
first three quarters of 2017 (+€466 million). Since the end of
September 2017, our Uniper SE stake has been recorded as an
asset held for sale. Consequently, the book value of this stake
was not recorded in equity in the fourth quarter of 2017.


--- Page 13 ---

Business Report

Adjusted EBIT

In 2017 adjusted EBIT in our core business increased by

€38 million year on year. Energy Networks’ adjusted EBIT rose
by €270 million, primarily because of the delayed repayment

of personnel costs in Germany due to regulatory reasons along
with an improved gross power margin due to higher tariffs in
Sweden. Earnings at Energy Networks’ East-Central Europe/
Turkey unit were above the prior-year level. Adjusted EBIT in the
Czech Republic and Hungary was higher in particular due to
wider margins; this was partially offset by lower earnings from
our stake in Turkey, which is accounted for using the equity
method. Customer Solutions’ adjusted EBIT declined by about
€286 million year on year. The principal reasons were a weath-
er-driven decline in sales volume and higher costs in the United
Kingdom along with extraordinary items, lower gas sales prices,
and persistently intense competitive and margin pressure in
Germany. In addition, earnings were adversely affected by
higher power and gas procurement costs (primarily in Romania)
and lower sales prices and higher procurement costs in Hun-
gary. Renewables’ adjusted EBIT was €24 million higher, princi-
pally because of a decline in scheduled depreciation charges at
Offshore Wind/Other due to improved asset availability and
higher wind yield.

Adjusted EBIT for the E.ON Group declined by €38 million. In
addition to the items mentioned above in the commentary on
adjusted EBIT in our core businesses, other adverse factors

30

included the unplanned outage of Brokdorf nuclear power sta-
tion and lower sales prices at PreussenElektra and the absence
of earnings streams from E&P operations in the North Sea
divested in 2016.

E.ON generates a significant portion of its adjusted EBIT in very
stable businesses. Regulated, quasi-regulated, and long-term
contracted businesses accounted for the overwhelming propor-
tion of our adjusted EBIT in 2017.

Our regulated business consists of operations in which reve-
nues are largely set by law and based on costs. The earnings on
these revenues are therefore extremely stable and predictable.

Our quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business con-
sists of operations in which earnings have a high degree of pre-
dictability because key determinants (price and/or volume) are
largely set by law or by individual contractual arrangements for
the medium to long term. Examples of such legal or contractual
arrangements include incentive mechanisms for renewables
and the sale of contracted generating capacity.

Our merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed
under either of the other two categories.

Adjusted EBIT
Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2017 2016 +1-% 2017 2016 +/-%
Energy Networks 524 475 +10 1,941 1,671 +16
Customer Solutions 173 264 -34 526 812 -35
Renewables 206 121 +70 454 430 +6
Corporate Functions/Other -92 -261 - -342 -398 -
Consolidation 3 6 - -11 15 -
Adjusted EBIT from core business 808 593 +36 2,568 2,530 +2
Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra) 149 208 -28 506 553 8
Other (divested operations) - - - - 29 -
801 +19 3,074 3,112 -1

Adjusted EBIT 957


--- Page 14 ---

Net Income/Loss

In 2017 we recorded net income attributable to shareholders of
E.ON SE of €3.9 billion and corresponding earnings per share of
€1.84. In the prior year we recorded a net loss of €8.5 billion and
negative earnings per share of €4.33.

Pursuant to IFRS, income/loss from discontinued operations, net,
is reported separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income
and, in the prior year, primarily includes our earnings related to
Uniper. Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
more information.

As in the prior year, we had a tax expense of €0.4 billion. With
positive pretax income, our tax rate in 2017 was 10 percent
(2016: -25 percent). One-off items relating to the refund of the
nuclear-fuel tax and the resulting income tax levied in Germany
were the main reasons for the change in our tax rate. The effects
relating to the nuclear-fuel tax, which led us to use tax loss carry-
forwards, are subject to a minimum tax rate.

Net Income/Loss

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

31

Net book gains were significantly above the prior-year figure and
resulted in particular from the sale of securities, which were sold
in preparation for the payment into Germany's public fund for
financing nuclear-waste disposal which was due in July, and
from the sale of an equity investment at Customer Solutions in
Sweden. In 2016 we recorded book gains on the sale of securi-
ties and a book loss on the sale of our U.K. E&P business.

Restructuring and cost-management expenditures rose substan-
tially year on year. As in the prior-year period, they resulted
mainly from restructuring programs and the One2two project.
The increase is primarily attributable to higher expenditures for
restructuring programs, in particular for the Phoenix reorganiza-
tion program.

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2017 2016 2017 2016
Net income/loss 277 4,180 -16,007
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE 219 3,925 -8,450
Attributable to non-controlling interests 58 255 -7,557
Income/Loss from discontinued operations, net - - 13,842
Income/Loss from continuing ope! 277 4,180 -2,165
Income taxes -164 440 440
Financial results 134 44 1,314
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 247 4,664 -411
Income/Loss from equity investments -52 3 -19
EBIT 195 4,661 -430
Non-operating adjustments 762 -1,587 3,542
Net book gains (-)/losses (+) -87 -375 -63
Restructuring and cost-management expenses 368 541 274
Marking to market of derivative financial instruments 498 951 -932
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 921 916 394
Other non-operating earnings -938 -3,620 3,869
Adjusted EBIT 957 3,074 3,112
Impairments (+)/Reversals (-) 33 44 75 48
Scheduled depreciation and amortization 425 454 1,806 1,779
Adjusted EBITDA 1,415 1,299 4,955 4,939



--- Page 15 ---

Business Report

The marking to market of the derivatives we use to shield our
operating business from price fluctuations and of other deriva-
tives resulted in a negative effect of €951 million (prior year:
+€932 million), mainly at Corporate Functions/Other, Customer
Solutions, and Non-Core Business. The positive effect in the prior
year was recorded primarily at Customer Solutions.

In 2017 we recorded impairment charges principally at Renew-
ables and Customer Solutions in the United Kingdom. In the prior
year we recorded impairment charges at Renewables and Cus-
tomer Solutions in the United Kingdom and on a gas storage
facility in Germany.

The significant increase in other non-operating earnings is attrib-
utable to effects resulting from the ruling by Germany's highest
court on the invalidity of the nuclear-fuel tax and to the equity
earnings on our Uniper stake, which were included in this item
until the end of September 2017. In the prior year this line item
was adversely affected by items resulting from the Act Reorga-
nizing Responsibility for Nuclear Waste Management, which was
passed by Germany's Bundestag and Bundesrat in December
2016. These items, including the concomitant impairment
charges, were recorded fully in the prior year.

Adjusted Net Income

32

Adjusted Net Income

Like EBIT, net income also consists of non-operating effects,
such as the marking to market of derivatives. Adjusted net
income is an earnings figure after interest income, income taxes,
and non-controlling interests that has been adjusted to exclude
non-operating effects. In addition to the marking to market of
derivatives, the adjustments include book gains and book losses
on disposals, certain restructuring expenses, other material
non-operating income and expenses (after taxes and non-con-
trolling interests), and interest expense/income not affecting net
income, which consists of the interest expense/income resulting
from non-operating effects. Adjusted net income also does not
include income/loss from discontinued operations.

As arule, the E.ON Management Board uses this figure generally
in conjunction with its consistent dividend policy. E.ON will
therefore aim for a payout ratio that is on par with its relevant
peer companies. E.ON will propose a dividend of €0.30 per
share for the 2017 financial year. In conjunction with the planned
acquisition of innogy via a wide-ranging exchange of assets with
RWE we decided to propose a fix dividend of €0.43 per share
for the 2018 fiscal year.

Fourth quarter Full year
€ in millions 2017 2016 2017 2016
Income/Loss from continuing operations before financial results and income taxes 247 -3,220 4,664 -411
Income/Loss from equity investments -52 -10 3 19

EBIT 195 -3,230 4,661
Non-operating adjustments 762 4,031 -1,587
Adjusted EBIT 957 801 3,074
Interest expense shown in the consolidated statements of income -82 -113 -41
Interest expense (+)/income (-) not affecting net income -87 -221 -703
Operating earnings before interest and taxes 788 467 2,330
Taxes on operating earnings -227 -91 -613
Operating earnings attributable to non-controlling interests -99 -113 -290
Adjusted net income 462 263 1,427


--- Page 16 ---

Financial Situation

E.ON presents its financial condition using, among other finan-
cial measures, economic net debt, debt factor, and operating
cash flow.

Finance Strategy

Our finance strategy focuses on E.ON's capital structure. Ensur-
ing that E.ON has unrestricted access to capital markets is at
the forefront of this strategy.

With our target capital structure we aim to sustainably secure a
strong BBB/Baa rating.

We manage E.ON’s capital structure using our debt factor,
which is equal to our economic net debt divided by adjusted
EBITDA; it is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net
debt includes not only our financial liabilities but also our provi-
sions for pensions and asset-retirement obligations.

The interest-rate environment remained extremely low. In some
cases this led to negative real interest rates on asset-retirement
obligations. As in the prior year, our provisions therefore
exceeded the amount of our asset-retirement obligations as
they stood at year-end 2017 without factoring in discounting
and cost-escalation effects. This limits the relevance of eco-
nomic net debt as a key figure. We want economic net debt to
serve as a useful key figure that aptly depicts our debt situation.
In the case of material provisions affected by negative real
interest rates, we therefore used the aforementioned actual
amount of the obligation instead of the balance-sheet figure to
calculate our economic net debt since the 2016 financial year.

For the medium term, we target a debt factor of 4.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

33

Economic Net Debt

Compared with the figure recorded at December 31, 2016
(€26.3 billion), our economic net debt declined significantly—by
€7.1 billion—to €19.2 billion.

The change in our net financial position predominantly reflects
the capital increase we conducted in March 2017 and our nega-
tive operating cash flow. The latter includes positive effects
from the refund of the nuclear-fuel tax and from our continuing
operations as well as negative effects from the payment into
Germany's public fund for financing nuclear-waste disposal.
However, because we removed provisions for nuclear-waste
management in the same amount from our balance sheets, the
payment into the fund had no effect on our economic net debt.

Economic Net Debt

December 31
€ in millions 2017 2016
Liquid funds 5,160 8,573
Non-current securities 2,749 4,327
Financial liabilities -13,021 -14,227
FX hedging adjustment 114 390
Net financial position -4,998 -937
Provisions for pensions -3,620 -4,009
Asset-retirement obligations? -10,630 -21,374
Economic net debt -19,248 -26,320
Adjusted EBITDA 4,955 4,939

Debt factor 3.9 5.3

These figures are not the same as the asset-retirement obligations shown in our Consolidated
Balance Sheet (December 31, 2017: -€11,673; December 31, 2016: -€22,515 million). This
is because we calculate our economic net debt in part based on the actual amount of our
obligations.


--- Page 17 ---

Business Report

Funding Policy and Initiatives

The key objective of our funding policy is for EON to have access
to a variety of financing sources at all times. We achieve this
objective through different markets and debt instruments to
maximize the diversity of our investor base. We issue bonds with
tenors that give our debt portfolio a balanced maturity profile.
Moreover, we combine large-volume benchmark issues with
smaller issues that take advantage of market opportunities as
they arise. External funding is generally carried out by E.ON SE,
and the funds are subsequently on-lent in the Group. In the past,
external funding was also carried out by our Dutch finance sub-
sidiary, E.ON International Finance B.V. ("EIF"), under guarantee
of E.ON SE. In May 2017 E.ON SE issued a total of €2 billion in
bonds with maturities of 4.25, 7, and 12 years. In 2017 we also
paid back in full bonds of €0.9 billion and roughly €1.8 billion
that matured in May and October, respectively.

Financial Liabilities

December 31
€ in billions 2017 2016
Bonds? 10.7 119
EUR 40 47
GBP 3.9 40
usD 25 28
JPY 0.2 0.2
Other currencies 0.1 0.2
Promissory notes 0.4 04
Commercial paper - -
Other liabilities 19 19
Total 13.0 14.2

Includes private placements.

With the exception of a U.S.-dollar-denominated bond issued in
2008, all of E.ON SE and EIF's currently outstanding bonds
were issued under our Debt Issuance Program ("DIP"). The DIP
enables us to issue debt to investors in public and private place-
ments. E.ON SE's DIP was last updated in March 2017 with a
total volume of €35 billion, of which about €9 billion was utilized
at year-end 2017. E.ON SE intends to renew the DIP in 2018.

34

In addition to our DIP, we have a €10 billion European Commer-
cial Paper (“CP”) program and a $10 billion U.S. CP program
under which we can issue short-term notes. As in the prior year,
E.ON had no CP outstanding at year-end 2017.

E.ON also has access to a five-year, €2.75 billion syndicated
revolving credit facility, which was concluded with 18 banks on
November 13, 2017, and which includes two options to extend
the facility, in each case for one year. This facility replaced the
former €3.5 billion facility. This facility is undrawn on and
rather serves as a reliable, ongoing general liquidity reserve for
the E.ON Group. The 18 banks that were invited all participate
in the credit facility and therefore constitute E.ON's core group
of banks.

Alongside financial liabilities, EON has, in the course of its busi-
ness operations, entered into contingencies and other financial
obligations. These include, in particular, guarantees, obligations
from legal disputes and damage claims, current and non-cur-
rent contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 26, 27, and
31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain more
information about E.ON's bonds as well as liabilities, contingen-
cies, and other commitments.

E.ON's creditworthiness has been assessed by Standard &
Poor's ("S&P") and Moody's with long-term ratings of BBB and
Baa2, respectively. In March 2017 both S&P and Moody's
downgraded E.ON's rating from BBB+ and Baal with a negative
outlook, respectively. The outlook on both ratings is now stable.
The new ratings reflect both agencies’ anticipation that in the
near to medium term E.ON will be able to maintain a leverage
ratio as required for these ratings. E.ON's short-term ratings
have been unchanged with A-2 (S&P) and P-2 (Moody's).

E.ON SE Ratings

Longterm Short term Outlook
Moody's Baa2 P-2 Stable
Standard & Poor's BBB A-2 Stable



--- Page 18 ---

E.ON strives to maintain rating agencies and investors’ trust by
means of a clear strategy and transparent communications. To
achieve this purpose, we hold E.ON debt investor updates in

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

35

major European financial centers, conference calls for debt
analysts and investors, and annual informational meetings for
our core group of banks.

Maturity Profile of Bonds and Promissory Notes Issued by E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V.

€ in billions

4.0

3.0

2.0

1.0

December 31, 2017

2018 2019 2020 2021

Investments

Investments in our core business and the E.ON Group's total
investments in 2017 were above the prior-year level. We
invested €3.1 bil
intangible assets (prior year: €3 billion). Share investments
totaled €232 million versus €134 million in the prior year.

ion in property, plant, and equipment and

2022 2023 2024 2025

Investments

€ in millions 2017 2016 +/-%
Energy Networks. 1,418 1,419 -
Customer Solutions 595 580 +3
Renewables 1,225 1,070 +14
Corporate Functions/Other 53 98 -46
Consolidation 3 -21 -
Investments in core business 3,294 3,146 +5
Non-Core Business

(PreussenElektra) 14 15 7
Other (divested operations) = 8 -

E.ON Group investments 3,308 3,169 +4

2026+

Energy Networks’ investments were at the prior-year level.
Investments of €345 million to upgrade and maintain networks
in Sweden were €54 million above the prior-year figure. Invest-
ments at East-Central Europe/Turkey were €89 million higher
due principally to the reassignment of investment projects
(such as grid maintenance, repair, and connections) in the Czech
Republic from Customer Solutions to Energy Networks. By con-
trast, Energy Networks’ investments in Germany of €702 million
were significantly lower than in the prior year (€846 million).

Customer Solutions’ investments were slightly higher. In Sweden
we invested significantly more in the maintenance, upgrade, and
expansion of existing assets and in the heat distribution network.
By contrast, the already-mentioned reassignment of investment
projects in the Czech Republic from this segment to Energy Net-
works led to a significant decline in this segment's investments. In
addition, investments at E.ON Connecting Energies were lower.


--- Page 19 ---

Business Report

Investments at Renewables were €155 million higher. Onshore
Wind/Solar's investments increased by €103 million, primarily
because of expenditures for two large new-build projects (Rad-
ford's Run and Bruenning's Breeze), which entered service at
the end of 2017. Offshore Wind/Other's investments increased
by a total of €52 million owing to expenditures in line with our
stake in the Arkona project.

Investments at Non-Core Business (nuclear energy operations
in Germany) were €1 million below the prior-year level.

Cash Flow

Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations
of -€3 billion was €5.9 billion below the prior-year level. The
decline resulted primarily from the €10.3 billion payment made
in July 2017 into Germany's public fund for financing nucle-
ar-waste disposal. This was partially offset by cash inflow in
conjunction with the refund of nuclear-fuel taxes, which, after a
portion of the refund was passed on to co-owners, amounts to
€3.1 billion. An improvement in working capital was another
positive factor.

Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations of
-€0.4 billion was substantially higher than the prior-year figure
of -€3 billion. The +€2.6 billion change is mainly attributable to
higher net cash inflow from the sale of securities and fixed
deposits as well as the repayment of financial liabilities. Cash
provided by investing activities of continuing operations was
adversely affected by an increase in restricted funds to fulfill
insurance obligations of Versorgungskasse Energie VVaG i.L.

36

("VKE i.L."). Cash-effective investments and disposals of

-€2.5 billion were slightly (-€0.2 billion) above the prior-year level
of -€2.3 billion. Disposals consisted mainly of the upcoming sale
of the operations of Hamburg Netz GmbH at Energy Networks
in Germany and the sale of E.ON Varme Lokala Energilésningar
AB at Customer Solutions in Sweden.

Cash Flow*
€in millions 2017 2016

Cash provided by (used for) operating
activities of continuing operations

(operating cash flow) -2,952 2,961
Operating cash flow before interest and

taxes -2,235 3,974
Cash provided by (used for) investing

activities -391 -3,041
Cash provided by (used for) financing

activities 540 -1,152

4From continuing operations.

Cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations
amounted to +€0.5 billion compared with -€1.2 billion in the
prior year. The change of +€1.7 billion is primarily attributable
to measures to fund the payment we made in July into Germa-
ny’s public fund for financing nuclear-waste disposal. The mea-
sures consisted mainly of the issuance of €2 billion in bonds,
the €1.35 billion capital increase conducted by E.ON SE in
March 2017, and a €0.6 billion reduction in the dividend payout
to E.ON SE shareholders relative to the prior year. These items
were offset by the repayment of bonds in the fourth quarter of
2017 (-€1.9 billion).


--- Page 20 ---

Asset Situation

Our total assets and liabilities of €56 billion were about €7.6 billion,
or 12 percent, below the figure from year-end 2016, mainly
because of developments at our nuclear energy business in
Germany which were described above in the commentary on
the change in our economic net debt.

Non-current assets of €40.3 billion were €6.1 billion lower rel-
ative to year-end 2016. The principal factors were the reclassi-
fication of the book value of our Uniper SE stake as an asset
held for sale and the sale of non-current securities.

Current assets decreased by 9 percent, from €17.4 billion to
€15.8 billion. A roughly €3.4 billion decline in liquid funds and a
roughly €1 billion decline in operating receivables and other
operating assets were largely offset, primarily by the reclassifi-
cation of the book value of our Uniper SE stake as an asset held
for sale. The decline in liquid funds is chiefly attributable to the
payment of €10.3 billion into Germany's public fund for financ-
ing nuclear-waste disposal. To finance this payment, E.ON SE
conducted a roughly €1.35 billion capital increase in the first
quarter of 2017. Furthermore, liquid funds were increased by
the €2 billion bond issuance in the second quarter and the
refund of nuclear-fuel taxes paid in previous years plus interest.

Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

37

Our equity ratio (including non-controlling interests) at year-end
2017 was 12 percent, which is about 10 percentage points
higher than at year-end 2016. This change reflects the already-
mentioned capital increase, the reduction in total assets and lia-
bilities, as well as our positive net income in 2017. In particular,
the refund of nuclear-fuel taxes paid in previous years had a
Positive impact on net income. Equity attributable to shareholders
of E.ON SE was about €4 billion at year-end 2017. Equity
attributable to non-controlling interests was roughly €2.7 billion.

Non-current liabilities decreased by €4.1 billion, or 10 percent,
owing in particular to a reduction in liabilities relating to derivative
financial instruments, lower pension obligations, and a decline in
nuclear-asset-retirement obligations.

In line with Germany's Act Reorganizing Responsibility for
Nuclear Waste Management, existing nuclear-asset-retirement
obligations at the end of 2016 were met through payment,
resulting in a substantial reduction—€9.1 billion—in current
liabilities relative to year-end 2016.

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
€ in millions 2017 % 2016 %
Non-current assets 40,164 72 46,296 73
Current assets 15,786 28 17,403 27
Total assets 55,950 100 63,699 100
Equity 6,708 12 1,287 2
Non-current liabilities 35,198 63 39,287 62
Current liabilities 14,044 25 23,125 36
Total equity and 55,950 100 63,699 100

Additional information about our asset situation is contained in
Notes 4 to 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


--- Page 21 ---

Business Report

E.ON SE's Earnings, Financial, and Asset
Situation

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunction
with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the Electricity and
Gas Supply Act (Energy Industry Act).

Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)

December 31
€ in millions 2017 2016
Intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment 12 14
Financial assets 37,358 37,368
Non-current assets 37,370 37,382
Receivables from affiliated companies 7,697 8,089
Other receivables and assets 1,349 1,734
Liquid funds 2,025 4,664
Current assets 11,071 14,487
Accrued expenses 36 30
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit

obligations 1 15
Total assets 48,478 51,914
Equity 9,029 5,384
Provisions 2,127 2,578
Bonds 2,000 -
Liabilities to affiliated companies 34,350 43,102
Other liabilities 970 845
Deferred income 2 5
Total e d liabilities 48,478 51,914

38

E.ON SE is the parent company of the E.ON Group. As such, its
earnings, financial, and asset situation is affected by income
from equity interests. The positive figure recorded for this item
in 2017 reflects, in particular, profit transfers of €3,414 million
from E.ON Energie AG and €2,118 million from E.ON Beteiligun-
gen GmbH. The main countervailing factors were loss transfers
of €752 million from E.ON Finanzanlagen GmbH, €56 million
from E.ON Climate & Renewables GmbH, and €47 million from
E.ON US Holding GmbH.

The payment into Germany's public fund for financing nuclear-
waste disposal in July and the concomitant financing were of
central importance to E.ON SE's financial position last year.
Two significant items in this context were the capital increase
of €1,349 million in March 2017 and the issuance of euro-
denominated bonds with a total nominal value of €2,000 million.
The reduction of liquid funds in the amount of €2,639 million
was another factor related to this matter. On balance, E.ON SE
recorded positive income from equity interests of €4,676 million.
Profit transfers and loss-transfer obligations yielding this figure
led to a decline in liabilities to affiliated companies.

Equity, which most recently had been significantly reduced by
the Uniper spinoff, was strengthened in the 2017 financial year.
In addition to the aforementioned capital increase decided on by
the Management Board and approved by the Supervisory Board
on March 16, 2017, positive net income of €2,640 million con-
tributed to this significant increase. The scrip dividend for the
2016 financial year enabled E.ON SE to meet €107 million of its
dividend obligations through the issuance of treasury shares.


--- Page 22 ---

This increased equity by the same amount. By contrast, equity
was reduced by the use of prior-year net income available for
distribution in the amount of €452 million.

Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)

€ in millions 2017 2016
Income from equity interests 4,676 2,134
Interest income -1,368 -546
Other expenditures and income -497 -551
Taxes -171 -160
Net income 2,640 877
Withdrawal from capital reserve - 3,357
Withdrawals from retained earnings - 3,612
Income reduction from spinoff - -6,969
Net income transferred to retained earnings -1,320 -425
Net income available for distribution

1,320 452

The decline in interest income is primarily attributable to the
payment of €754 million to compensate for market-value differ-
ences relating to the transfer of loans to E.ON Finanzholding SE &
Co. KG for the purpose of restructuring liabilities within the Group.

The negative figure recorded under other expenditures and
income results primarily from expenditures of €291 million for
third-party services, personnel expenditures of €163 million,

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

39

expenditures of €157 million for consulting and auditing services,
and income of €88 million from a necessary adjustment for
certain environmental remediation obligations of predecessor
entities.

Tax expenses consist primarily of income taxes. Applying the

minimum tax rate resulted in corporate taxes of €147 million, a
solidarity surcharge of €8 million, and trade taxes of €167 million
in 2017. Tax income for previous years amounted to €165 million.
This item also includes an expense of €15 million for other taxes.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 9, 2018, manage-
ment will propose that net income available for distribution be
used to pay a cash dividend of €0.30 per ordinary share and
remaining income available for distribution of €670 million to
be brought forward as retained earnings.

Management's proposal for the use of net income available for
distribution is based on the number of ordinary shares on
March 12, 2018, the date the Financial Statements of E.ON SE
were prepared.

The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unqual-
ified opinion issued by the auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH, Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft, Diisseldorf, will be
announced in the Bundesanzeiger. Copies are available on
request from E.ON SE and at www.eon.com.


--- Page 23 ---

Business Report

Other Financial and Non-Financial Performance
Indicators

ROCE and Value Added

Cost of Capital

The cost of capital is determined by calculating the weighed-
average cost of equity and debt. This average represents the
market-rate returns expected by stockholders and creditors.
The cost of equity is the return expected by an investor in E.ON
stock. The cost of debt equals the long-term financing terms
that apply in the E.ON Group. The parameters of the
cost-of-capital determination are reviewed on an annual basis.

Our review of the parameters in 2017 led us to increase our
after-tax cost of capital from 4 percent to 4.7 percent, mainly
because of a higher risk-free interest rate which reflected the
development of the overall interest-rate environment. By contrast,
the accompanying decline in the market-risk premium reduced
the cost of equity. The table below shows the derivation of cost
of capital before and after taxes.

Cost of Capital

2017 2016
Risk-free interest rate 1.25% 0.50%
Market premium? 6.25% 6.75%
Debt-free beta factor 0.50 0.50
Indebted beta factor? 1.01 0.92
Cost of equity after taxes 7.50% 6.70%
Average tax rate 27% 31%
Cost of equity before taxes 10.3% 9.7%
Cost of debt before taxes 24% 2.6%
Marginal tax rate 27% 31%
Cost of debt after taxes 1.80% 1.80%
Share of equity 50% 45%
Share of debt 50% 55%
Cost of capital after taxes 4.70% 4.00%
Cost of capital before taxes 6.40% 5.80%

{The market premium reflects the higher long-term returns of the stock market compared
with German treasury notes.

*The beta factor is used as an indicator of a stock's relative risk. A beta of more than one
signals a higher risk than the risk level of the overall market; a beta factor of less than one
signals a lower risk.

40

Analyzing Value Creation by Means of ROCE and Value Added
ROCE is a pretax total return on capital and is defined as the
ratio of our adjusted EBIT to annual average capital employed.

Annual average capital employed represents the interest-bear-
ing capital invested in our operating business. It is calculated by
subtracting non-interest-bearing available capital from
non-current and current operating assets. Goodwill from acqui-
sitions is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its
fair value. Changes to E.ON's portfolio during the course of the
year are factored into capital employed.

Annual average capital employed does not include the marking
to market of other share investments. The purpose of excluding
this item is to provide us with a more consistent picture of our
ROCE performance.

Value added measures the return that exceeds the cost of capi-
tal employed. It is calculated as follows:

Value added = (ROCE - cost of capital) x annual average capital
employed.


--- Page 24 ---

ROCE Performance in 2017

ROCE increased from 10.4 percent in 2016 to 10.6 percent in
2017, primarily because of lower average capital employed.
This resulted mainly from a reduction in the book value of prop-
erty, plant, and equipment, in particular at Renewables, and the

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

41

favorable development of working capital at our network busi-
ness in Germany.

The table below shows the E.ON Group's ROCE, value added,
and their derivation.

ROCE

€ in millions 2017 2016
Goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant, and equipment? 30,345 31,034
Shares in affiliated and associated companies and other share investments 4,339 4,486
Non-current assets 34,684 35,520
Inventories 794 785
Other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities, including deferred income and deferred tax assets? -5,688 -4,929
Current assets -4,893 -4,144
Non-interest-bearing provisions? -1,541 -1,402
Capital employed in continuing operations (at year-end) 28,250 29,974
Capital employed in continuing operations (annual average)" 29,112 29,546
Adjusted EBITS 3,074 3,083
ROCE® 10.6% 10.4%
Cost of capital before taxes 6.4% 5.8%
Value added” 1,211 1,370

’Depreciable non-current assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair value,
2Examples of other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities include income tax receivables and income taxes as well as receivables and payables relating to derivatives.
®Non-interest-bearing provisions mainly include current provisions, such as those relating to sales and procurement market obligations. They do not include provisions for pensions or nuclear-waste

management.

“In order to better depict intraperiod fluctuations in average capital employed, annual average capital employed is calculated as the arithmetic average of the amounts at the beginning of the year

and the end of the year.
Adjusted for non-operating effects, discontinued operations, and divested operations.
°ROCE = adjusted EBIT divided by annual average capital employed.

Value added = (ROCE — cost of capital) x annual average capital employed.


--- Page 25 ---

Business Report

Corporate Sustainability

Many and diverse stakeholders—customers and suppliers, poli-
cymakers and government agencies, employees and trade
unions, non-governmental organizations and regional interest
groups, equity analysts and investors—have high expectations of
us and the entire energy industry. We have therefore conducted
a systematic process at regular intervals since 2006. Its purpose
is to identify our stakeholders’ expectations of us. Our annual
online Sustainability Report describes the issues that are mate-
rial to our stakeholders and to us as a company as well as how
we address these issues. Our reporting is based on the Global
Reporting Initiative's most recent Sustainability Reporting Stan-
dards ("GRI SRS") from 2016.

In addition, this year we are disclosing, for the first time, a sepa-
rate Combined Non-Financial Report (“CNFR"), which will be
published as a separate document on our website. It too is based
on the GRI SRS and describes how we address environmental,
employee, and social matters as well as human rights and
anti-corruption. The CNFR complies with the reporting require-
ments of the German CSR Directive Implementation Act (Sec-
tions 289b-e, Section 315b-c of the German Commercial Code).

Sustainability Ratings and Rankings

Our commitment to transparency includes subjecting our sus-
tainability performance to independent, detailed assessments
by specialized agencies and capital-market analysts. The results
of these assessments provide important guidance to investors
and to us. They help us identify our strengths and weaknesses
and further improve our performance.

In 2017 we were again included in the RobecoSAM Sustainabil-
ity Yearbook and, as a leading company, received a silver rating.
In addition, CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project)
awarded E.ON a high grade of A- for the quality, processes, and
transparency of our reporting on our carbon emissions and cli-
mate change. The CDP is one of the world's largest international

42

investor organizations. It helps investors assess whether a com-
pany adequately addresses climate change in its decisions and
business processes. Furthermore, E.ON continues to be listed in
both the European “Euronext Vigeo 120" indices.

Highlights in 2017

We conduct our sustainability activities to address environ-
mental, social, and governance issues in a balanced way. Our
objective is to achieve continual improvement, thereby becom-
ing a leading sustainability company in our industry. We have
defined five material areas that are the focus of our Group-
wide sustainability activities:

+ We listen to our customers and treat them fairly.

+ We help customers optimize their energy usage.

+ We build and integrate renewable generating capacity.

+ We protect the health and safety of our customers and
colleagues.

+ We foster diversity and inclusion in our workforce.

These activities also support the achievement of the United
Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals. In particular, we help
give access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and clean
energy and help protect the earth's climate.

Information about our sustainability approach, programs, and
progress as well as detailed information about our emissions
and climate-protection efforts can be found in our 2017 Sus-
tainability Report and the CNFR, which were published online
at eon.com/sustainabilityreport at the same time as this
Annual Report.t The Sustainability Report and CNFR are not
part of the Combined Group Management Report.

Direct link to the separate Combined Non-Financial Report 2017: www.eon.com/content/dam/eon/eon-com/Documents/en/sustainability-report/nonfinancialreport2017.paf


--- Page 26 ---

Employees

People Strategy

We developed our People Strategy to enable E.ON to maintain
continuity in times of change, independent of how the organiza-
tion structures its business or how we adjust our strategic pri-
orities in order to meet customer needs.

The three focus areas of our People Strategy are: Preparing Our
People for the Future, Providing Opportunities, and Recognizing
Performance. In 2017 we continued to bring these focus areas

to life. The initiatives we implemented during the year included:

¢ implementing grow@E.ON, a Group-wide framework for the
personal and professional development of our employees
and managers (Preparing for the Future)

* expanding our existing talent programs and establishing tal-
ent boards to ensure that the personal development plans of
our employees and managers are optimally tailored to
E.ON's needs (Providing Opportunities)

introducing the YES! Awards, a way we recognize outstand-
ing achievements as they happen and further motivate
employees (Recognizing Performance).

In addition, we continued the process of digitizing our HR offer-
ings. In particular, the basic components of grow@E.ON consist
of modern applications harnessing the potential of advanced IT

solutions, such as Cloud-based platforms that can be accessed

from anywhere.

In 2017 the HR team and the E.ON SE Management Board
developed and approved People Commitments to adopt an
appropriate approach to decentralization, which is a basic
principle of the Phoenix program. The People Commitments
establish twelve principles that articulate our values and how

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

43

we treat our employees. These principles are binding for the
entire E.ON Group. At the same time, we provide support to
E.ON units so that they can adopt these principles in a way that
reflects their particular legal, cultural, and business environment.
The goal of the People Commitments is to create a workplace:

¢ where E. ON's values and leadership principles are put into
practice

¢ where employees can achieve outstanding results and realize
their potential

¢ where employees can develop their skills and talents
¢ that promotes a fair, diverse, and equitable work culture

¢ that systematically ensures that we comply with the law and
meet our customers’ needs.

Completion of Employee Assignments under One2two

As planned, the assignment of employees under the One2two
program was completed in 2016. To ensure the continuity of IT
support, however, E.ON Business Services was not divided until
after the Uniper split. All employees of E.ON Business Services
were assigned to E.ON or Uniper. In line with the rules worked out
for One2two and by mutual agreement between management
and local employee representatives, employees were transferred
in two stages, on January 1 and July 1, 2017, respectively.

The employees assigned to E.ON remained at the same legal
entities; those assigned to Uniper were transferred to the
respective Uniper companies.


--- Page 27 ---

Business Report

Phoenix and the Involvement of Employee Representatives
E.ON designed the Phoenix program in 2016 to make itself fit
for the future in the wake of the Uniper spinoff. The program
aims to optimize E.ON's organizational setup and processes, to
reduce bureaucracy and complexity, to delegate authority, and
to make us faster, more agile, and closer to our customers. This
will give more decision-making authority to customer-proximate
functions and integrate support functions like IT and Procure-
ment more closely with our operating business. This restructuring
is aimed at eliminating tasks and thus up to 1,300 jobs across
E.ON, including up to 1,000 in Germany. In 2017 we negotiated
about 700 staff reductions with employee representatives. To
achieve these staff reductions we concluded individual, mutu-
ally acceptable agreements with employees. Negotiations for IT
(outsourcing) and Procurement will be concluded in 2018. In
the interest of all employees, new hiring will be actively limited
during Phoenix.

Phoenix too has been conducted in keeping with our well-es-
tablished tradition of working with employee representatives
and involving them early. A Joint Declaration and Framework
Agreement of the Management Board of E.ON SE, the Executive
Committee of the SE Works Council of E.ON SE, and the Group
Works Council of E.ON SE was agreed on in November 2016
and thus at a very early stage of Phoenix. This document will
serve as the foundation for management and employee repre-
sentatives to work together openly and constructively through-
out Phoenix. A Project Council consisting of high-ranking
employee representatives from the European SE Works Council
of E.ON SE and the German Group Works Council of E.ON SE
met periodically, was informed in advance of implementation
measures, and was thus actively involved in the project. If the
Project Council had suggestions about a measure, management
discussed these suggestion with the council and evaluated and
considered them before the measure was implemented.

Aa,

In addition, the Company and the Group Works Council of EON
SE concluded a Supplementary Agreement to the above-men-
tioned Joint Declaration and Framework Agreement of the
Management Board of E.ON SE, the Executive Committee of
the SE Works Council of E.ON SE, and the Group Works Council
of E.ON SE. The Supplementary Agreement affects E.ON
employees in Germany. It named the negotiators for the negoti-
ation of reconciliations of interests, created a mechanism for
early voluntary termination, established measures to ensure
business continuity for Group companies affected by Phoenix,
and defined principles for filling vacancies.

Collaborative Partnership with Employee Representatives
Working with employee representatives as partners has a long
tradition at E.ON. This collaborative partnership is integral to our
corporate culture.

At a European level, EON management works closely with the
SE Works Council of E.ON SE, which consists of representatives
from all European countries in which E.ON operates. Under

the SE Agreement, the SE Works Council of E.ON SE is informed
and consulted about issues that transcend national borders.

A special emphasis is placed on early and open discussion of
employee matters.

Prior to E.ON's adoption of a functionally oriented management
model, in 2014 management and the Group Works Council in
Germany concluded the Agreement on Future Social Partnership
in the Context of the Functionally Oriented Management Model.
The agreement, which stipulates the principles of the social
partnership at E.ON's operations in Germany, manifests a shared
responsibility for the Company and its employees. It has proven
its worth and remains to this day the foundation for a successful
social partnership at E.ON.


--- Page 28 ---

Consequently, the mechanisms are in place for mutually trustful,
respectful, and transparent dialog between management and
employee representatives at a European and national level. For
the benefit of our employees and our company, management
and employee representatives’ shared objective is for this proven
collaborative partnership to continue in the future.

Talent Management

In 2017 E.ON again took a variety of successful steps to hire
highly qualified people and to foster our employees’ ongoing
personal and professional development.

E.ON's status as a top employer was again confirmed by “Top
Employer" and other prestigious rankings.

This recognition was one of the reasons we were able to attract
outstanding talent, including recent university graduates. The
E.ON Graduate Program remained a very compelling offer for
graduates to join our company. Participants are assigned a
mentor, receive special training, and gain experience during
placements at their home E.ON unit as well as at other units in
the same country and elsewhere.

The foundation of our strategic, needs-oriented talent manage-
ment is the Management Review Process, which we conducted
again in 2017. It helps ensure the continued professional devel-
opment of managers and executives, our various units and job
families, and the entire organization. It also creates transparency
about our current talent situation and our needs for the future.

In 2017 we also introduced grow@E.ON, our new Group-wide
competency model, and embedded it into our processes. Feed-
back is an important part of our corporate culture and is now
provided through grow@E.ON, which includes solutions to sup-
port our employees’ development. Grow@E.ON also plays a
role in filling vacancies, helping to ensure that the values of our

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

45

vision continue to be translated into specific behaviors. In addi-
tion, we completely revised our talent landscape in order to give
all parts of E.ON the flexibility to individually plan professional
and career development and to provide them with tools to iden-
tify talented employees.

Professional Development

Following the announcement of the Phoenix reorganization pro-
gram in March 2017, professional development at E.ON was
also largely decentralized. Group HR supported the program
with accompanying measures. For example, we adjusted the
HR Online Learning App, our learning platform launched in 2016,
and allits processes and data to meet the requirements of
decentralization. We also introduced CrossKnowledge, a new
Group-wide digital platform that makes selected e-Learning
programs available to E.ON employees. Furthermore, HR sup-
ported the Phoenix change process by making an online change
support package available to managers and employees. The
package contains tools that help them deal with the special
challenges of restructuring. Leadership 2020, a program launched
in 2016 to systematically prepare our leaders for the new lead-
ership requirements in the digital age, continued in 2017, as did
a streamlined version of our Learning Take-Away Days.


--- Page 29 ---

Business Report

Our central Learning Management System recorded 119,893
enrollments (prior year: 109,036) in formal learning offerings in
2017. This equals 91,503 days (prior year: 72,805 days) of
classroom training, which accounted for 60 percent (prior year:
70 percent) of our total training offerings. On average, each
employee received 2.1 days of training in 2017 (prior year:

1.7 days). We do not record the duration of use of our online
learning programs.

Diversity

Diversity is a key element of E.ON's competitiveness. Diversity
and an appreciative corporate culture promote creativity and
innovation. This is a central aspect of the E.ON vision as well.
E.ON brings together a diverse team of people who differ by
nationality, age, gender, disability, religion, and/or cultural and
social background. We foster and utilize diversity in specific
ways and create an inclusive work environment. Diversity is a
key success factor. Numerous studies have shown that hetero-
geneous teams outperform homogenous ones. Diversity is
equally crucial in view of demographic trends. Going forward,
only those companies that embrace diversity will be able to
remain attractive employers and be less affected by the short-
age of skilled workers. In addition, a diverse workforce enables
us to do an even better job of meeting our customers’ needs
and requirements. In 2006 we issued a Group Policy on Equal
Opportunity and Diversity. In 2016 E.ON along with the SE
Works Council of E.ON SE renewed this commitment to diver-
sity. In 2008 E.ON publicly affirmed its commitment to fairness
and respect by signing the German Diversity Charter, which
now has about 2,700 signatories. E.ON therefore belongs to a
large network of companies committed to diversity, tolerance,
fairness, and respect.

46

Our approach to promoting diversity is holistic, encompassing
all dimensions of diversity. It ensures equal opportunity for all
employees and fosters and harnesses diversity in an individual
way. However, we prioritize three dimensions: gender, age, and
internationality.

In 2017 we again implemented numerous measures to pro-
mote diversity at E.ON. An important purpose of these mea-
sures is to foster the career development of female managers.
We set new, ambitious targets to increase the proportion of
women in management positions. By year-end 2026, we want
the proportion of women in management positions to be the
same—32 percent—as the proportion of women in our overall
workforce was at year-end 2016. Each unit has specific targets,
and progress towards these targets is monitored at regular
intervals. We also have Group-wide recruiting and hiring guide-
lines for management positions. These guidelines require that
least one male and one female must be on the short list for a
vacant management position. Through these measures, the
proportion of women in management positions rose from just
over 11 percent in 2010 to 19.6 percent at year-end 2017 for
the Group as a whole and from 9 percent to 15.3 percent for
Germany. Our units have had support mechanisms for female
managers in place for a number of years. These mechanisms
include mentoring programs for female next-generation man-
agers, coaching, unconscious-bias training, the provision of
daycare, and flexible work schedules. Increasing the percentage
of women in our internal talent pool is a further prerequisite for
raising, over the long term, their percentage in management
and top executive positions.


--- Page 30 ---

We conducted activities and initiatives throughout 2017 to
enable all of our employees to experience difference and diver-
sity and to raise their awareness of the contribution made by
each individual. For example, we hosted an exhibition on dis-
ability and commemorated International Women's Day across
our company.

Many of these measures are already having an impact. Our
progress is receiving recognition outside our company as well.
For example, E.ON received the Total E-Quality Seal for exem-
plary HR policies based on equal opportunity and diversity for
the third year in a row.

More information about E.ON's compliance with Germany's
Law for the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Leader-
ship Positions in the Private Sector and the Public Sector can be
found in the management's statement regarding this law.

Workforce Figures

At year-end 2017 the E.ON Group had 42,699 employees
worldwide, slightly less (-1 percent) than at year-end 2016.
E.ON also had 942 apprentices in Germany and 129 board
members and managing directors worldwide.

Employees*
December 31

Headcount 2017 2016 +/-%
Energy Networks 17,281 16,814 +3
Customer Solutions 19,222 19,106 +1
Renewables 1,206 1,082 +11
Corporate Functions/Other? 3,078 4,102 -25
Core business 40,787 41,104 -1
Non-Core Business

(PreussenElektra) 1,912 2,034 -6
E.ON Group 42,699 43,138 -1

{Does not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
AIncludes E.ON Business Services.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

47

Energy Networks’ headcount increased principally because of
the transfer of employees from Customer Solutions in the
Czech Republic and the filling of vacancies (in Germany, pre-
dominantly with apprentices who had completed their training).

The number of employees at Customer Solutions increased
slightly. Although the transfer of employees to Uniper, to
non-consolidated companies, and to Energy Networks in the
Czech Republic reduced Customer Solutions’ headcount, this
was more than offset by the filling of vacancies in Hungary and
Romania and the hiring of staff for our service business in the
United Kingdom and for our sales business in Italy.

The expansion of Renewables’ business in the United States led
to aslight increase in its headcount.

In particular, the transfer of E.ON Business Services employees
to Uniper led to the significant decline in the number of
employees at Corporate Functions/Other.

Non-Core Business consists of our nuclear energy business in
Germany. Its headcount decreased mainly because of retire-
ments and the expiration of temporary employment contracts.
This was partially counteracted by the hiring of apprentices
who had completed their training.


--- Page 31 ---

Business Report

Geographic Profile

At year-end 2017, 26,561 employees, or 62 percent of all staff,
were working outside Germany, slightly more than the 60 percent
at year-end 2016.

48

Employees by Country?
Headcount FTES
Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2017 2016 2017 2016
Germany 16,138 17,239 15,635 16,695
United Kingdom 9,975 9,850 9,504 9,363
Romania 5,711 5,464 5,648, 5,415
Hungary 5,081 5,000 5,073 4,992
Czechia 2,563 2,401 2,549 2,387
Sweden 1,990 1,999 1,968 1,967
USA 585 475 585 475
Other? 656 710 647 702

Figures do not include board members, managing directors, or apprentices.
2Includes Poland, Italy, Denmark, and other countries.
Full-time equivalent.

Gender and Age Profile, Part-Time Staff
As at the end of 2016, 32 percent of our employees were women
at the end of 2017.

The average E.ON Group employee was about 42 years old and
had worked for us for about 14 years.

Employees by Age
Proportion of Female Employees Percentages at year-end 2017 2016
Percentages 2017 2016 30 and younger 18 18
Energy Networks 20 20 31 to 50 54 55
Customer Solutions 43 43 51 and older 28 27
Renewables 21 21
Corporate Functions/Other* 45 45
Core business 32 33
Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra) 13 13
E.ON Group 32 32

‘Includes E.ON Business Services.


--- Page 32 ---

A total of 3,395 employees, or 8 percent of all EON Group
employees, were on a part-time schedule. Of these, 2,794, or
82 percent, were women.

Part-Time Rate

Percentages 2017 2016

Energy Networks 5 4
Customer Solutions 1 11
Renewables 3 3
Corporate Functions/Other* 12 12
Core business 8 8
Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra) 6 5
E.ON Group 8 8

Includes E.0N Business Services.

The turnover rate resulting from voluntary terminations aver-
aged 4.6 percent across the organization, lower than in the prior
year (5.3 percent).

Turnover Rate

Percentages 2017 2016
Energy Networks 17 4.
Customer Solutions 67 6.0
Renewables 93 81
Corporate Functions/Other* 8.6 77
Core business 48 5.5
Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra) 21 17
E.ON Group 46 5.3

Includes E.ON Business Services.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

49

Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational health and safety have the highest priority at
E.ON. A key performance indicator ("KPI") for our safety is total
recordable injury frequency ("TRIF")—which measures the
number of reported fatalities, lost-time injuries, restricted-work
injuries, and medical-treatment injuries that occur on the job—per
million hours of work. Our TRIF figures also include E.ON com-
panies that are not fully consolidated but over which E.ON has
operational control. E.ON employees’ TRIF in 2017 was 2.3, the
same low level as in the prior year (2.5).

Unfortunately, three E.ON employees, one of whom was an
apprentice, died on the job in 2017, and another suffered fatal
injuries in a traffic accident. In addition, a contractor employee
died while working for us. The accidents occurred in Germany,
the United Kingdom, and Romania; regrettably, two employees
died in Turkey.

To continually improve their safety performance, our units have
in place certified health, safety, and environment ("HSE") man-
agement systems in accordance with international standards.
They also develop HSE improvement plans based on a manage-
ment review. In addition, all units were required to participate in
a specially designed HSE leadership training module developed
in the prior year and to review risks posed by new customer
solutions.

The healthcare systems of the countries we operate in differ con-
siderably in terms of their delivery of medical care, their health-
insurance and pension systems, and their legal requirements for


--- Page 33 ---

Business Report

occupational health and safety. Nevertheless, the most com-
mon illnesses resulting in an inability to work are the same in all
countries: musculoskeletal disorders, psychological problems,
and respiratory infections. The leading causes of death are the
same as well: heart disease and cancer. E.ON's health manage-
ment focuses on preventing these diseases. We strive to prevent
psychological problems by providing mental-health training and
by conducting employee-assistance programs. Check-ups and
preventive care (fit-for-work examinations) by our company
doctors help to reduce general and workplace-specific risks. We
also conduct campaigns to raise awareness of diseases such as
skin and bowel cancer and the importance of early cancer
detection. Flu vaccination programs help to prevent dangerous
respiratory illnesses. Together, these programs address the
increasingly important issue of maintaining our employees’
health and their ability to work.

Compensation, Pension Plans, Employee Partici
Attractive compensation and appealing fringe benefits are
essential to a competitive work environment. The compensation
plans of nearly all our employees contain an element that reflects
the company's performance. This element is typically based on
the same key figures that are also used in the Management
Board's compensation plan.

Apprentices in Germany

50

Company contributions to employee pension plans represent an
important component of an employee's compensation package
and have long had a prominent place in the E.ON Group. They
are an important foundation of employees’ future financial
security and also foster employee retention. E.ON companies
supplement their company pension plans with attractive pro-
grams to help their employees save for the future.

Apprenticeships

E.ON continues to place great emphasis on vocational training
for young people. The E.ON Group had 942 apprentices and
work-study students in Germany at year-end 2017. This repre-
sented 5.5 percent of E.ON's total workforce in Germany,
slightly higher than at the end of the prior year (5.3 percent).

E.ON provides vocational training in more than 20 careers and
work-study programs in order to meet its own needs for skilled
workers and to take targeted action to address the consequences
of demographic change. In 2017 the E.ON training initiative

to combat youth unemployment helped 250 young people in
Germany get a start on their careers through internships that
prepare them for an apprenticeship as well as school projects
and other programs. The number of participants declined from
460 in 2016, owing mainly to the Uniper spinoff.

Headcount Percentage of workforce
Atyear-end 2017 2016 2017 2016
Energy Networks 846 821 85 84
Customer Solutions 20 17 08 0.6
Renewables - - - -
Corporate Functions/Other 29 63 13 2.0
Core business 895 901 5.9 5.6
Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra) 47 70 24 33
E.ON Group 942 971 5.5 5.3



--- Page 34 ---

Forecast Report
Business Environment

Macroeconomic Situation

The OECD forecasts a further increase in global economic
growth in 2018 and 2019. It expects the global economy to
grow by 3.7 percent in 2018 and by 3.6 percent in 2019.

The corresponding figures for the United States are 2.5 percent
and 2.1 percent, whereas slightly weaker growth (2.1 percent
and 1.9 percent) is forecast for the euro zone.

Employees

The number of employees in the E.ON Group (excluding appren-
tices and board members/managing directors) will increase
slightly to meet the demands of the business.

Anticipated Earnings Situation

Forecast Earnings Performance

Our forecasts for the 2018 financial year continue to be influ-
enced by the business environment in the energy industry.
Examples include regulatory intervention in Germany and the
United Kingdom. The current low-interest-rate environment and
increasingly fierce competition in our core markets continue to
put downward pressure on achievable returns.

We continue to aim for our core businesses to actively shape
tomorrow's energy world. At the beginning of 2018, we there-
fore made a number of reclassifications that are already factored
into our earnings forecast for 2018. The generation business in
Turkey is now reported under Non-Core Business. Customer
Solutions’ heat business in Germany is now reported at its Other
unit. In addition, costs for the ongoing expansion of our business
of providing new digital products and services as well as innova-
tive projects, which were previously allocated to Corporate
Functions/Other, are now allocated to the appropriate operating
units at Customer Solutions. We adjusted the prior-year figures
accordingly.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

51

We expect the E.ON Group's 2018 adjusted EBIT to be between
€2.8 and €3 billion and its 2018 adjusted net income to be
between €1.3 and €1.5 billion. In addition, we expect to achieve
acash-conversion rate of at least 80 percent and ROCE of 8 to
10 percent.

Indications relating to possible future effects resulting from the
acquisition of innogy via a wide-ranging exchange of assets
with RWE are currently not included, since the transaction is
also subject to customary antitrust clearances.

Our forecast by segment:

Adjusted EBIT*

2017
€ in billions 2018 (forecast) _ proforma
Energy Networks Below prior year 2.0
Customer Solutions Below prior year 05
Renewables Above prior year 05
Corporate Functions/Other _ Significantly above prior year -0.3
Non-Core Business Significantly below prior year 04
E.ON Group 2.8103 3.1

2Adjusted for non-operating effects.

We expect Energy Networks’ 2018 adjusted EBIT to be below
the prior-year figure. Operating earnings in Germany will be
stable. On balance, however, the positive regulatory one-off
item recorded in 2017 relating to the delayed repayment of
personnel costs and the deconsolidation of Hamburg Netz will
lead to a substantial decline in earnings. The next regulatory
period for gas networks in Romania will have an adverse impact
as well. By contrast, improved power and gas tariffs in Sweden
will have a positive impact.


--- Page 35 ---

Forecast Report

We anticipate that Customer Solutions’ adjusted EBIT will be
below the prior-year level. Earnings in the United Kingdom will
be lower, primarily because of the intervention of the U.K. Com-
petition and Markets Authority and restructuring expenditures.
Earnings in Germany will be higher amid keen competition in
the power and gas retail market owing to the non-recurrence of
adverse items recorded in the prior year.

We expect Renewables’ adjusted EBIT to be above the prior-year
level. In particular, Rampion offshore wind farm will contribute
to earnings after it enters service.

We anticipate that adjusted EBIT at Corporate Functions/Other
will improve and thus significantly exceed the previous year's
level, primarily because of cost savings delivered by the Phoenix
reorganization program as well as the restructuring of the pen-
sion scheme in Germany.

At Non-Core Business we expect PreussenElektra’s adjusted
EBIT to be significantly lower than the prior-year level due to
declining sales prices.

Anticipated Financial Situation

Planned Funding Measures

In addition to our investments planned for 2018 and the divi-
dend for 2017, in 2018 we will make payments for bonds that
have matured. Over the course of the year, these payments will
be funded primarily with available liquid funds, the anticipated
sale of Uniper SE stock, and the sale of securities.

Dividend

E.ON will propose a dividend of €0.30 per share for the 2017
financial year. In conjunction with the planned acquisition of
innogy via a wide-ranging exchange of assets with RWE we
decided to propose a fix dividend of €0.43 per share for the
2018 fiscal year.

52

Planned Investments

Our medium-term plan calls for investments of €3.8 billion in
2018. 2017 was a successful year for us. We reduced our debt
faster than planned and strengthened our equity. E.ON can
therefore invest more and achieve lasting growth. Our capital
allocation will of course continue to be selective and disciplined.

Cash-Effective Investments: 2018 Plan

€inbillions Percentages
Energy Networks 17 45
Customer Solutions 1.0 26
Renewables 11 29
Corporate Functions/Other - -
Non-Core Business - -
Total 3.8 100

Energy Networks’ investments will consist in particular of
numerous individual investments to expand our intermediate-
and low-voltage networks, switching equipment, and metering
and control technology as well as other investments to ensure
the reliable and uninterrupted transmission and distribution of
electricity.

Investments at Customer Solutions will go toward metering,
upgrade, and efficiency projects. We will also invest in our heat
business in Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Germany.

The main focus of Renewables’ investments will be on offshore
wind farms in Europe (such as Rampion and Arkona) and
onshore wind farms in the United States (such as Stella). Other
investments will go toward solar projects.


--- Page 36 ---

General Statement on E.ON's Future
Development

The business environment in the energy industry—regulatory
interventions in Germany and the United Kingdom, the low-in-
terest-rate environment, and increasingly fierce competition in
our core markets, to name some examples—will continue to
adversely affect our operating business. But E.ON can look into
the future with optimism, even though we have forecast a
decline in the E.ON Group's 2018 adjusted EBIT. We're on the
right track. 2017 demonstrated this. We significantly reduced
our debt and strengthened our equity. We can invest more. We
can do so because we not only achieved our various financial
targets, we surpassed them by a wide margin. These are our
priorities in 2018:

A tangible improvement in our safety performance will help us
prevent serious accidents and, especially, fatalities among our
employees and contractors. We will therefore conduct safety
initiatives across E.ON. For example, all managers will receive
special HSE training. Managers bear a great deal of responsibility
for the health and safety of their employees.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

53

“Let's create a better tomorrow" and “Improve people's lives”
are our promises for a better future. We want our customers to
feel that they are in better hands with us than with our compet-
itors. In addition, E.ON needs to be perceived as an even more
attractive employer by current and future employees. To get
there, we will continue to work together closely, including with
our employee representatives.

The planned sale of our Uniper stake is another important step
in the consolidation of our balance sheet. We now see an oppor-
tunity to surpass our debt-reduction target and invest in growth.

Our growth targets for E.ON and our strategy for achieving
them will enable our core businesses to continue to actively
shape tomorrow's energy world: by making electricity grids
smarter, by designing individually tailored energy solutions for
our customers, and by adding more renewables. Each of these
businesses has a lot of potential. As we move forward, we
intend to make clearer what E.ON will stand for in the future.

Indications relating to possible future effects resulting from the
acquisition of innogy via a wide-ranging exchange of assets
with RWE are currently not included, since the transaction is
also subject to customary antitrust clearances.

This Combined Group Management Report contains certain forward-looking statements based on E.ON management's current assumptions and forecasts and other currently available information.
Various known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors could lead to material differences between E.ON's actual future results, financial situation, development, or performance and the
estimates given here. E.ON assumes no liability whatsoever to update these forward-looking statements or to conform them to future events or developments.


--- Page 37 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Enterprise Risk Management System in the
Narrow Sense

54

Govern
and
Consolidate

Units and Customer Energy Renew- Non-Core Corporate Identify,
Departments Solutions Networks ables Business _—_ Functions Evaluate
and
Local Risk Committees Manage
Objective Our ERM is based on a centralized governance approach which

Our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") provides the man-
agement of all units as well as the E.ON Group with a fair and
realistic view of the risks and chances resulting from their
planned business activities. It provides:

* meaningful information about risks and chances to the
business, thereby enabling the business to derive individual
risks/chances as well as aggregate risk profiles within the
time horizon of the medium-term plan (three years)

* transparency on risk exposures in compliance with legal
requirements including KonTraG, BilMoG, and BilReG.

defines standardized processes and tools covering the identifi-
cation, evaluation, countermeasures, monitoring, and reporting
of risks and chances. Overall governance is provided by Group
Risk Management on behalf of the E.ON SE Risk Committee.

Allrisks and chances have an accountable member of the Man-
agement Board, have a designated risk owner who remains
operationally responsible for managing that risk/chance, and
are identified in a dedicated bottom-up process.


--- Page 38 ---

Scope

Our risk management system in the broader sense has a total of
four components:

* an internal monitoring system

* amanagement information system

* preventive measures

* arisk management system in the narrow sense.

The purpose of the internal monitoring system is to ensure the
proper functioning of business processes. It consists of organi-
zational preventive measures (such as policies and work
instructions) and internal controls and audits (particularly by
Internal Audit).

The E.ON internal management information system identifies
risks early so that steps can be taken to actively address them.
Reporting by the Controlling, Finance, and Accounting depart-
ments as well as Internal Audit reports are of particular impor-
tance in early risk detection.

ks

General Measures to Limit
We take the following general preventive measures to limit risks.

Managing Legal and Regulatory Risks

We engage in intensive and constructive dialog with govern-
ment agencies and policymakers in order to manage the risks
resulting from the E.ON Group's policy, legal, and regulatory
environment. Furthermore, we strive to conduct proper project
management so as to identify early and minimize the risks
attending our new-build projects.

We attempt to minimize the operational risks of legal proceedings
and ongoing planning processes by managing them appropriately
and by designing appropriate contracts beforehand.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

55

Managing Operational and IT Risks

To limit operational and IT risks, we will continue to improve our
network management and the optimal dispatch of our assets.
At the same time, we are implementing operational and infra-
structure improvements that will enhance the reliability of our
generation assets and distribution networks, even under
extraordinarily adverse conditions. In addition, we have factored
the operational and financial effects of environmental risks into
our emergency plan. They are part of a catalog of crisis and sys-
tem-failure scenarios prepared for the Group by our incident
and crisis management team.

Our IT systems are maintained and optimized by qualified EON
Group experts, outside experts, and a wide range of technologi-
cal security measures. In addition, the EON Group has in place
a range of technological and organizational measures to counter
the risk of unauthorized access to data, the misuse of data, and
data loss.

Managing Health, Safety, Security, and Environmental
(“HSSE"), Human Resources ("HR"), and Other Risks

The following are among the comprehensive measures we take
to address HSSE, HR, and other risks (also in conjunction with
operational and IT risks):

* systematic employee training, advanced training, and quali-
fication programs

¢ further refinement of our production procedures, processes,
and technologies

¢ regular facility and network maintenance and inspection

* company guidelines as well as work and process instructions

¢ quality management, control, and assurance

¢ project, environmental, and deterioration management

¢ crisis-prevention measures and emergency planning.

Should an accident occur despite the measures we take, we
have a reasonable level of insurance coverage.


--- Page 39 ---

Risk and Chances Report

Managing Market Risks
We use a comprehensive sales-management system and inten-
sive customer management to manage margin risks.

In order to limit our exposure to commodity price risks, we con-
duct systematic risk management. The key elements of our risk
management are, in addition to binding Group-wide policies
and a Group-wide reporting system, the use of quantitative key
figures, the limitation of risks, and the strict separation of func-
tions between departments. Furthermore, we utilize derivative
financial instruments that are commonly used in the market-
place. These instruments are transacted with financial institu-
tions, brokers, power exchanges, and third parties whose cred-
itworthiness we monitor on an ongoing basis. Our local sales
units and the remaining generation assets have set up local risk
management under central governance standards to monitor
these underlying commodity exposures and reduce them to
acceptable levels through forward hedging.

Managing Strategic Risks

We have comprehensive preventive measures in place to manage
potential risks relating to acquisitions and investments. To the
degree possible, these measures include, in addition to the rele-
vant company guidelines and manuals, comprehensive due dili-
gence, legally binding contracts, a multi-stage approvals process,
and shareholding and project controlling. Comprehensive post-
acquisition projects also contribute to successful integration.

Managing Finance and Treasury Risks

This category encompasses credit, interest-rate, currency, tax,
and asset-management risks and chances. We use systematic
risk management to monitor and control our interest-rate and
currency risks and manage these risks using derivative and
non-derivative financial instruments. Here, E.ON SE plays a cen-
tral role by aggregating risk positions through intragroup trans-
actions and hedging these risks in the market. Due to E.ON SE's
intermediary role, its risk position is largely closed.

We use a Group-wide credit risk management system to sys-
tematically measure and monitor the creditworthiness of our
business partners on the basis of Group-wide minimum stan-
dards. We manage our credit risk by taking appropriate measures,
which include obtaining collateral and setting limits. The EON
Group's Risk Committee is regularly informed about all credit
risks. A further component of our risk management is a conser-
vative investment strategy for financial funds and a broadly
diversified portfolio.

56

Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contains
detailed information about the use of derivative financial instru-
ments and hedging transactions. Note 31 describes the general
principles of our risk management and applicable risk metrics
for quantifying risks relating to commodities, credit, liquidity,
interest rates, and currency translation.

Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM")

Our risk management system, which is the basis for the risks
and chances described in the next section, encompasses:

* systematic risk and chance identification
¢ risk and chance analysis and evaluation

* management and monitoring of risks and chances by
analyzing and evaluating countermeasures and preventive
systems

¢ documentation and reporting.

As required by law, our ERM's effectiveness is reviewed regularly
by Internal Audit. In compliance with the provisions of Section
91, Paragraph 2, of the German Stock Corporation Act relating to
the establishment of a risk-monitoring and early warning system,
E.ON has a Risk Committee for the E.ON Group and for each of
its segments. The Risk Committee's mission is to achieve a com-
prehensive view of our risk exposure at the Group and unit level
and to actively manage risk exposure in line with our risk strategy.

Our ERM applies to all fully consolidated E.ON Group companies
and all companies valued at equity whose book value in E.ON's
Consolidated Financial Statements is greater than €50 million.
We take an inventory of our risks and chances at each quarterly
balance-sheet date.

To promote uniform financial reporting Group-wide, in 2017 we
put in place a central, standardized system that enables effective
and automated risk reporting. Company data are systematically
collected, transparently processed, and made available for analy-
sis both centrally and decentrally at the units.


--- Page 40 ---

Risks and Chances
Methodology

Our IT-based system for reporting risks and chances has the
following risk categories:

Risk Category

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

57

Risk Category Examples

Legal and regulatory risks

Policy and legal risks and chances, regulatory risks, risks from public consents processes

Operational and IT risks

IT and process risks and chances, risks and chances relating to the operation of generation

assets, networks, and other facilities, new-build risks

HSSE, HR, and other

Health, safety, and environmental risks and chances

Market risks

Risks and chances from the development of commodity prices and margins and from changes
in market liquidity

Strategic risks

Risks and chances from investments and disposals

Finance and treasury risks

E.ON uses a multistep process to identify, evaluate, simulate,
and classify risks and chances. Risks and chances are generally
reported on the basis of objective evaluations. If this is not
possible, we use internal estimates by experts. The evaluation
measures a risk/chance's financial impact on our current earnings
plan while factoring in risk-reducing countermeasures. The
evaluation therefore reflects the net risk.

We then evaluate the likelihood of occurrence of quantifiable
risks and chances. For example, the wind may blow more or less
hard at a wind farm. This type of risk is modeled with a normal
distribution. Modeling is supported by a Group-wide IT-based
system. Extremely unlikely events—those whose likelihood of
occurrence is 5 percent or less—are classified as tail events. Tail
events are not included in the simulation described below.

This statistical distribution makes it possible for our IT-based
risk management system to conduct a Monte Carlo simulation
of quantifiable risks/chances. This yields an aggregated risk dis-
tribution that is quantified as the deviation from our current
earnings plan for adjusted EBIT.

Credit, interest-rate, foreign-currency, tax, and asset-management risks and chances

We use the 5 and 95 percent percentiles of this aggregated
risk distribution as the best case and worst case, respectively.
Statistically, this means that with this risk distribution there is a
90-percent likelihood that the deviation from our current earn-
ings plan for adjusted EBIT will remain within these extremes.

The last step is to assign, in accordance with the 5 and 95 percent
percentiles, the aggregated risk distribution to impact classes—
low, moderate, medium, major, and high—according to their
quantitative impact on adjusted EBIT. The impact classes are
shown in the table below:

Impact Classes

Low x < €10 million
Moderate €10 million < x < €50 million
Medium €50 million < x < €200 million
Major €200 million < x < €1 billion

High x 2 €1 billion


--- Page 41 ---

Risk and Chances Report

General Risk Situation

The table below shows the average annual aggregated risk
position (aggregated risk position) across the time horizon of
the medium-term plan for all quantifiable risks and chances
(excluding tail events) for each risk category based on our most
important financial key figure, adjusted EBIT:

58

Risk Category

Risk Category Worst Case (5 percent percentile) Best Case (95 percent percentil)
Legal and regulatory risks Major Moderate

Operational and IT risks Medium Moderate

HSSE, HR, and other Low Low

Market risks Major Major

Strategic risks Medium Low

Finance and treasury risks Moderate Medium

The E.ON Group has major risk positions in the following cate-
gories: legal and regulatory risks and market risks. As a result,
the aggregate risk position of E.ON SE as a Group is major. In
other words, the E.ON Group's average annual adjusted EBIT
risk ought not to exceed -€200 million to -€1 billion in 95 percent
of all cases.

Risks and Chances by Category

E.ON's major risks and chances by risk category are described
below. Also described are major risks and chances stemming
from tail events as well as qualitative risks that would impact
adjusted EBIT by more than €200 million. Risks and chances
that would affect net income and/or cash flow by more than
€200 million are included as well.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

The policy, legal, and regulatory environment in which the E.ON
Group does business is also a source of external risks, such as
decisions by governments to phase out power generation using
certain fuels. As a result of the economic and financial crisis in
many EU member states, policy and regulatory intervention—
such as additional taxes, additional reporting requirements (for
example, EMIR, REMIT, MiFID2), price moratoriums, regulatory
price reductions, and changes to support schemes for renew-
ables—is becoming increasingly apparent. Such intervention
could pose a risk to E.ON's operations in these countries. There

may also be final but major risks from obligations arising from
regulatory requirements following the Uniper split. Besides
these governmental risks and chances, this also includes the
risk of litigation, fines, and claims, governance- and compli-
ance-related issues as well as risks and chances related to con-
tracts and permits. Changes to this environment can lead to
considerable uncertainty with regard to planning and, under
certain circumstances, to impairment charges but also can cre-
ate chances. This results in a major risk position and a moderate
chance position.

PreussenElektra

PreussenElektra's business is substantially influenced by regu-
lation. In general, regulation can result in risks for its remaining
business activities. One example is the Fukushima nuclear acci-
dent. Policy measures taken in response to such events could
have a direct impact on the further operation of a nuclear power
plant ("NPP") or trigger liabilities and significant payment obli-
gations stemming from the solidarity obligation agreed on
among German NPP operators. Furthermore, new regulatory
requirements, such as additional mandatory safety measures,


--- Page 42 ---

could lead to production outages and higher costs. In addition,
there may be lawsuits that fundamentally challenge the opera-
tion of NPPs. Regulation can also require an increase in provi-
sions for dismantling. This could pose major risks for E.ON.

In 2003, Section 6 of Germany's Atomic Energy Act granted
consent for Unterweser NPP to store radioactive spent nuclear
fuel in an on-site intermediate storage facility. Lawsuits were
filed against the consent. The complainants asked that the
court rescind the consent on the grounds that the storage facil-
ity is not sufficiently protected against terrorist attacks. Settle-
ment talks are currently under way between the complainants
and the defendant agency. If the court rules definitively in favor
of the complainants, nuclear fuel could not be removed from
Unterweser NPP on schedule. This would significantly prolong
dismantling, thereby leading to higher costs. This could pose a
major risk.

On December 6, 2016, Germany's Federal Constitutional Court
in Karlsruhe ruled that the thirteenth amended version of Ger-
many's Atomic Energy Act ("the Act”) is fundamentally consti-
tutional. The Act's only unconstitutional elements are that cer-
tain NPP operators will be unable to produce their electricity
allotment from 2002 and that it contains no mechanism for
compensating operators for investments to extend NPP operat-
ing lifetimes. Lawmakers have until June 30, 2018, to pass leg-
islation that redresses these elements. In addition, NPPs need
to have production rights, also known as a residual electricity
allotment, in order to operate until their closure dates prescribed
by law. These matters could yield a major chance and a major risk.

Customer Solutions

The E.ON Group's operations subject it to certain risks relating to
legal proceedings, ongoing planning processes, and regulatory
changes. For example, the current discussion about price caps in
the United Kingdom is causing additional uncertainty in the mar-
ketplace. But these risks also relate in particular to legal actions
and proceedings concerning contract and price adjustments to
reflect market dislocations or (including as a consequence of the
transformation of Germany's energy system) an altered business
climate in the power and gas business, price increases, alleged
market-sharing agreements, and anticompetitive practices. This
could pose a major and a high risk.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

59

Energy Networks

The operation of energy networks in Germany, in Sweden, but
also in other countries is subject to a large degree of regulation.
New laws and regulatory periods cause uncertainty in this busi-
ness. For example, matters related to Germany's Renewable
Energy Law, such as issues regarding solar energy, can cause
temporary fluctuations in our cash flow and adjusted EBIT. This
could create major chances and pose major risks.

Renewables

Regulatory and legal risks attend our renewables business as
well. For example, legal proceedings and approvals could pose a
major risk.

Operational and IT Risks

The operational and strategic management of the E.ON Group
relies heavily on complex information technology. This includes
risks and chances arising from information security.

Technologically complex production facilities are used in the
production and distribution of energy, resulting in risks from
procurement and logistics, construction, operations and main-
tenance of assets as well as general project risks. In case of
PreussenElektra, this also includes dismantling activities. Our
operations in and outside Germany could experience unantici-
pated operational or other problems leading to a power failure
or shutdown and/or higher costs and additional investments.
Operational failures or extended production stoppages of facilities
or components of facilities as well as environmental damage
could negatively impact our earnings, affect our cost situation,
and/or result in the imposition of fines. In unlikely cases, this
could lead to a high risk. Overall, it results in a medium risk posi-
tion and a moderate chance position in this category.

General project risks can include a delay in projects and increased
capital requirements. For our Renewables segment, a project
delay could lead to the loss of government subsidies and cause
potential partners to exit the project, which could, in unlikely
cases, likewise lead to a high risk.


--- Page 43 ---

Risk and Chances Report

We could also be subject to environmental liabilities associated
with our power generation operations that could materially and
adversely affect our business. In addition, new or amended
environmental laws and regulations may result in increases in
our costs.

HSSE, HR, and Other Risks

Health and safety are important aspects of our day-to-day busi-
ness. Our operating activities can therefore pose risks in these
areas and create social and environmental risks and chances. In
addition, our operating business potentially faces risks resulting
from human error and employee turnover. It is important that
we act responsibly along our entire value chain and that we
communicate consistently, enhance the dialog, and maintain
good relationships with our key stakeholders. We actively con-
sider environmental, social, and corporate-governance issues.
These efforts support our business decisions and our public
relations. Our objective is to minimize our reputational risks and
garner public support so that we can continue to operate our
business successfully. These matters do not result in a major
risk or chance position.

In the past, predecessor entities of EON SE conducted mining
operations, resulting in obligations in North Rhine-Westphalia
and Bavaria. E.ON SE can be held responsible for damage. This
could lead to major individual risks that we currently only
evaluate qualitatively.

Market Risk

Our units operate in an international market environment that
is characterized by general risks relating to the business cycle.
In addition, the entry of new suppliers into the marketplace
along with more aggressive tactics by existing market partici-
pants and reputational risks have created a keener competitive
environment for our electricity business in and outside Ger-
many, which could reduce our margins. However, market devel-
opments could also have a positive impact on our business.
Such factors include wholesale and retail price developments,

60

higher customer churn rates, and temporary volume effects in
the network business. This results in a major risk position and a
major chance position in this category.

The demand for electric power and natural gas is seasonal, with
our operations generally experiencing higher demand during
the cold-weather months of October through March and lower
demand during the warm-weather months of April through
September. As a result of these seasonal patterns, our sales and
results of operations are higher in the first and fourth quarters
and lower in the second and third quarters. Sales and results of
operations for all of our energy operations can be negatively
affected by periods of unseasonably warm weather during the
autumn and winter months. We expect seasonal and weather-
related fluctuations in sales and results of operations to con-
tinue. Periods of exceptionally cold weather—very low average
temperatures or extreme daily lows—in the fall and winter
months can have a positive impact owing to higher demand for
electricity and natural gas.

E.ON's portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts, and
end-customer sales is exposed to uncertainty resulting from
fluctuations in commodity prices. This yields a major risk and a
major chance, although only for PreussenElektra. After the
Uniper spinoff, E.ON established procurement capabilities for
its sales business and thus ensured market access for its
remaining energy production in order to manage the remaining
commodity risks accordingly.

Strategic Risks

Our business strategy involves acquisitions and investments in
our core business as well as disposals. This strategy depends in
part on our ability to successfully identify, acquire, and inte-
grate companies that enhance, on acceptable terms, our energy
business. In order to obtain the necessary approvals for acquisi-
tions, we may be required to divest other parts of our business
or to make concessions or undertakings that affect our business.
In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to


--- Page 44 ---

achieve the returns we expect from any acquisition or invest-
ment. It is also possible that we will not be able to realize our
strategic ambition of enlarging our investment pipeline and that
significant amounts of capital could be used for other opportu-
nities. Furthermore, investments and acquisitions in new geo-
graphic areas or lines of business require us to become familiar
with new sales markets and competitors and to address the
attending business risks.

In the case of planned disposals, E.ON faces the risk of disposals
not taking place or being delayed and the risk that E.ON receives
lower-than-anticipated disposal proceeds. In addition, after
transactions close we could face liability risks resulting from
contractual obligations.

The risk and chance position in this category was not major at the
balance-sheet date.

Finance and Treasury Risks

E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and
through the use of financial instruments. Credit risk results from
non-delivery or partial delivery by a counterparty of the agreed
consideration for services rendered, from total or partial failure
to make payments owing on existing accounts receivable, and
from replacement risks in open transactions. For example, E.ON's
historical connection with Uniper continues to pose major, albeit
unlikely, risks. In addition, in unlikely cases joint and several lia-
bility for jointly operated power plants could lead to a high risk.

E.ON's international business operations expose it to risks from
currency fluctuation. One form of this risk is transaction risk,
which arises when payments are made in a currency other than
E.ON's functional currency. Another form of risk is translation
risk, which arises when currency fluctuations lead to accounting
effects when assets/liabilities and income/expenses of E.ON
companies outside the euro zone are translated into euros and
entered into our Consolidated Financial Statements. Currency-
translation risk results mainly from our positions in U.S. dollars,
pounds sterling, Swedish kronor, Czech krona, Romanian leus,
Hungarian forints, and Turkish lira. Positive developments in for-
eign-currency rates can also create chances for our operating
business.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

61

E.ON faces earnings risks from financial liabilities and interest-
rate derivatives that are based on variable interest rates and
from asset-retirement obligations.

In addition, the price changes and other uncertainty relating
to the current and non-current investments E.ON makes to
cover its non-current obligations (particularly pension and
asset-retirement obligations) could, in individual cases, be major.

Declining or rising discount rates could lead to increased or
reduced provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obliga-
tions, including non-current liabilities. This can create a high
degree of uncertainty for E.ON.

In principle, E.ON could also encounter tax risks and chances; in
individual cases, the chances could be high.

This category's overall risk and chance position is not major.

Management Board's Evaluation of the Risk
Situation

The overall risk situation of the E.ON Group's operating busi-
ness at year-end 2017 remained nearly unchanged relative to
year-end 2016. Although the average annual risk for the E.ON
Group's adjusted EBIT is classified as major, from today’s per-
spective we do not perceive any risk position that could threaten
the existence of the E.ON Group or individual segments.


--- Page 45 ---

Business Segments

Energy Networks

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
figures for this segment, such as power and gas passthrough,
system length, and number of connections.

62

Energy Passthrough
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Power 35.6 35.1 9.6 98 97 9.5 54.9 54.4
Line loss, station use, etc. 11 11 0.3 0.4 07 08 21 23
Gas 35.1 31.8 08 1.0 15.2 16.7 51.1 49.5
Full year
Power 119.2 117.2 36.9 37.3 37.3 36.3 193.4 190.8
Line loss, station use, etc. 3.8 3.7 11 11 28 28 77 7.6

106.8 3.9 49 45.2 44.3 159.7 156.0

Gas 110.6

Power and Gas Passthrough

Power passthrough in 2017 was about 2.6 billion kWh above
the prior-year level. Unlike in the prior year, power passthrough
in 2017 includes the 110 kV level of the network. This also applies
to system losses and station use. We adjusted the prior-year
figures accordingly. Gas passthrough rose by 3.7 billion kW.

Power passthrough and system losses in Germany of
119.2 billion kWh and 3.8 billion kWh, respectively, were at the
prior-year level. Gas passthrough was also at the prior-year level.

Power passthrough in Sweden was at the prior-year level,
whereas gas passthrough declined owing to the closure of a
power station in Malmé and the transfer of a company to
Customer Solutions.

At East-Central Europe/Turkey, power passthrough in the Czech
Republic, Romania, and Hungary was at the prior-year level.

System Length and Connections

System length in Germany—about 350,000 kilometers for
power and about 60,000 kilometers for gas—was roughly at the
prior-year level. At year-end we had about 5.7 million connection
points for power and about 0.9 million for gas.

The length of our power system in Sweden was roughly
136,900 kilometers, slightly higher than the prior-year figure
of 136,400 kilometers. The length of the gas distribution
system was 1,900 kilometers, less than the prior-year figure of
2,100 kilometers. The number of connection points in the
power distribution system was unchanged at roughly 1 million.

System length in East-Central Europe/Turkey—about 232,000
kilometers for power and about 45,000 kilometers for gas—was
at the prior-year level, as were the roughly 4.7 million connec-
tion points for power and the roughly 1.3 million for gas.


--- Page 46 ---

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Energy Networks’ sales and adjusted EBIT rose by €1,098 mil-
lion and €270 million, respectively.

Sales in Germany were above the prior-year level, primarily
because of higher costs charged by upstream power grid opera-
tors that we passed through to customers. These passthrough
costs do not affect earnings. By contrast, the amount of elec-
tricity delivered onto our network in conjunction with the
Renewable Energy Law (including generation management)
was slightly lower. Sales in the gas business were roughly at the
prior-year level. Adjusted EBIT of €1,050 million was signifi-
cantly above the prior-year figure, primarily because of the
delayed repayment of personnel costs due to regulatory reasons.

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

63

Sales in Sweden were slightly higher due to price factors.
Adjusted EBIT was significantly higher thanks to an improved
gross margin in the power business, which resulted from tariff
increases.

Sales at East-Central Europe/Turkey were €61 million above
the prior-year level due to volume and price effects in the Czech
Republic as well as higher sales volume in Hungary. Adjusted
EBIT was €38 million higher. Wider margins and lower costs for
services provided by our Customer Solutions segment led to
higher earnings in the Czech Republic. Improved margins along
with higher sales volume and a regulation-driven increase in
prices led to higher earnings in Hungary as well. These positive
developments were partially offset by lower earnings on our
equity stake in Turkey, which principally reflect a book loss on
the sale of a hydroelectric station and adverse currency-trans-
lation effects. The earnings decline was partially counteracted
by higher regulated prices.

Energy Networks
East-Central Europe/

Germany Sweden Turkey Total
€ in millions 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Sales 3,402 2,917 241 293 480 475 4,123 3,685
Adjusted EBITDA 424 423 165 151 203 182 792 756
Adjusted EBIT 262 256 129 110 133 109 524 475
Full year
Sales 14,199 13,205 1,072 1,029 1,719 1,658 16,990 15,892
Adjusted EBITDA 1,641 1,507 632 562 654 610 2,927 2,679
Adjusted EBIT 1,050 894 474 398 417 379 1,941 1,671



--- Page 47 ---

Business Segments 64

Customer Solutions

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
figures for this segment, such as power and gas sales volume
and customer numbers.

Power Sales

Germany United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 47 5.1 5.2 5.7 5.9 5.9 15.8 16.7
1&C 16 24 3.7 3.8 69 7.0 12.2 13.2
Sales partners 01 01 - - 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.7
Customer groups 64 7.6 8.9 9.5 13.3 13.5 28.6 30.6
Wholesale market 45 47 0.5 0.4 28 19 78 7.0
Total 10.9 12.3 9.4 9.9 16.1 15.4 36.4 37.6
Full year
Residential and SME 17.0 18.0 18.9 21.2 21.7 21.0 57.6 60.2
1&C 8.3 9.4 148 15.1 26.4 276 49.5 52.1
Sales partners 04 09 - - 2.2 23 2.6 3.2
Customer groups 25.7 28.3 33.7 36.3 50.3 50.9 109.7 115.5
Wholesale market 14.2 18.0 11 11 9.5 7.2 24.8 26.3
Total 39.9 46.3 34.8 37.4 59.8 58.1 134.5 141.8
Excludes E.ON Connecting Energies
Gas Sales

Germany United Kingdom Other? Total
Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Residential and SME 7.0 8.2 11.8 12.8 98 10.9 28.6 31.9
1&C 16 14 2.1 24 64 6.9 10.1 10.7
Sales partners - - - - 15 0.5 15 0.5
Customer groups 8.6 9.6 13.9 15.2 17.7 18.3 40.2 43.1
Wholesale market 3.5 3.5 - - 1.2 0.5 47 4.0
Total 12.1 13.1 13.9 15.2 18.9 18.8 44.9 47.1
Full year
Residential and SME 21.9 23.9 34.8 39.8 28.9 28.0 85.6 91.7
1&C 5.0 5.0 77 86 20.9 20.2 33.6 33.8
Sales partners - - - - 2.2 13 2.2 13
Customer groups 26.9 28.9 42.5 48.4 52.0 49.5 1214 126.8
Wholesale market 17.0 12.0 - - 27 4.0 19.7 16.0
Total 43.9 40.9 42.5 48.4 54.7 53.5 141.1 142.8

Excludes E.ON Connecting Energies.


--- Page 48 ---

Power and Gas Sales Volume
In 2017 this segment's power and gas sales declined by
7.3 billion kWh and 1.7 billion kWh, respectively.

Power sales in Germany of 39.9 billion kWh were 14 percent
below the prior-year level. Power sales to residential and small
and medium enterprise ("SME") customers were lower due to
keener competition. The decline in power sales to industrial and
commercial ("I&C") customers resulted mainly from the transfer
of the remaining wholesale customers to Uniper. Power sales to
sales partners were lower, chiefly because of the end of deliveries
to a municipal utility and changes in reporting. Power sales to
the wholesale market were below the prior-year level due to the
expiration of procurement contracts for wholesale customers,
which were reassigned from E.ON to Uniper. Gas sales volume
of 43.9 billion kWh increased by 7 percent. Gas sales to residen-
tial and SME customers were lower due to keener competition.
Gas sales to the wholesale market were higher due to a change
in how we classify resales to Uniper, which in 2016 were
included on the procurement side.

Power sales in the United Kingdom decreased by 2.6 billion kWh.
Declining customer numbers led to lower power sales to resi-
dential and SME customers. A reduction in sales volume and in
the number of customer facilities served was the reason for the
decline in power sales to 1&C customers. Gas sales decreased
by 5.9 billion kWh. Lower customer numbers and, in part, a
weather-driven decline in demand were responsible for the reduc-
tion in gas sales to residential and SME customers. The reason
for the decline in gas sales to 1&C customers is the same as for
power.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

65

Power sales at the Other unit (Sweden, Hungary, the Czech
Republic, Romania, and Italy) rose by 1.7 billion kWh, primarily
because of the acquisition of new customers in Romania and
Hungary. By contrast, power sales in Italy declined owing to
lower demand. Gas sales were 1.2 billion kWh higher. This is
chiefly attributable to a weather-driven increase in sales vol-
ume to residential and SME and I&C customers in Romania and
slightly higher demand from I&C and sales-partner customers
in Italy. By contrast, gas sales were lower in Sweden due to the
end of deliveries to a large customer.

Customer Numbers

This segment had about 21.1 million customers at year-end 2017,
fewer than the prior-year figure of 21.4 million. The number of
customers in the United Kingdom declined from 7 to 6.8 million;
power customers accounted most of the customer losses. In
Germany they decreased from 6.1 million in 2016 to 5.9 million
in 2017; of these, 5.1 million were power customers and

0.8 million gas customers (2016: 5.3 million power customers,
0.8 million gas customers). The positive trend in customer
acquisition limited customer losses in an increasingly competi-
tive marketplace.


--- Page 49 ---

Business Segments

Sales and Adjusted EBIT
Customer Solutions’ sales and adjusted EBIT decreased by
€801 million and €286 million, respectively.

Sales in Germany declined, primarily because of the expiration
of procurement contracts of wholesale customers who were
reassigned to Uniper. Lower power sales volume to residential
customers and lower gas sales volume to residential and SME
customers also had an adverse impact on sales. Adjusted EBIT
was below the prior-year level, primarily because of extraordinary
items. Earnings were also adversely affected by a reduction in
gas sales prices in November 2016 and by persistently intense
competitive and margin pressure.

Customer Solutions

66

Lower sales volume due to regulatory intervention, declining
customer numbers, reduced demand, unfavorable weather con-
ditions, and currency-translation effects caused sales in the
United Kingdom to decline by €586 million. Adjusted EBIT
decreased owing to a weather-driven decline in sales volume
and higher costs in conjunction with regulatory energy-effi-
ciency obligations.

Other's sales rose by €114 million, primarily because of a
weather-driven increase in sales volume in Romania and the
taking on of a company from Energy Networks in Sweden.
Sales declined in Italy on lower price. Adjusted EBIT decreased
by €57 million, principally because of higher power and gas
procurement costs, primarily in Romania. In addition, lower
sales prices and higher procurement costs adversely affected
earnings in Hungary.

Germany United Kingdom Other Total

€ in millions 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter

Sales 2,028 2,255 2,122 2,115 1,938 1,919 6,088 6,289
Adjusted EBITDA 45 107 135 163 83 77 263 347
Adjusted EBIT 25 88 106 138 42 38 173 264
Full year

Sales 7,452 7,781 7,205 7,791 6,910 6,796 21,567 22,368
Adjusted EBITDA 192 299 353 460 302 351 847 1,110
Adjusted EBIT 118 232 250 365 158 215 526 812



--- Page 50 ---

Renewables

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
figures for this segment, such as generating capacity, power
generation, and power sales volume.

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

67

December 31 Fully Consolidated Attributable
MW 2017 2016 2017 2016
Wind 522 510 479 471
Solar - - - -
Germany 522 510 479 471
Wind 4,179 3,647 4,625 4,084
Solar 15 19 27 19

Generating Capacity

At year-end 2017 this segment's fully consolidated generating
capacity rose by 13 percent to 4,716 MW (2016: 4,176 MW); its
attributable generating capacity rose by 12 percent to 5,131 MW
(2016: 4,574 MW). The principal reason for the increase was the
commissioning of Bruenning’s Breeze and Radford's Run wind
farms at the end of 2017.

Power Generation and Sales Volume
This segment's owned generation rose by 0.9 billion kWh.

Onshore Wind/Solar's owned generation was 0.7 billion kWh
higher. The principal factors in the United States were the com-
missioning of Bruenning’s Breeze and Radford’s Run wind farms
and the fact that in 2017 Colbeck's Corner wind farm was, for
the first time, operational for the entire year. Output in Europe
was higher due to favorable wind conditions, particularly in the
United Kingdom, Sweden, Germany, and Poland. This unit's
fourth-quarter owned generation rose year on year owing to
favorable wind conditions in Poland and the United Kingdom
and the addition of new wind farms in the United States. At
94.6 percent, asset availability in 2017 was at the prior-year
level of 94.2 percent.


--- Page 51 ---

Business Segments

68

Offshore Wind/Other's owned generation increased compared availability of 97.6 percent in 2017 surpassed the prior-year
with the prior year, mainly because of more favorable wind condi- figure of 96.7 percent, in particular because of an improved
tions and higher asset availability in the United Kingdom. Asset performance by Amrumbank, Humber, and Robin Rigg.

Power Generation

Onshore Wind/Solar Offshore Wind/Other Total
Billion kWh 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Owned generation 2.6 2.2 12 09 38 31
Purchases 05 04 03 0.2 08 0.6
Jointly owned power plants - - 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.2
Third parties 05 0.4 - - 0.5 0.4
Power sales 31 2.6 15 11 46 37
Full year
Owned generation 8.9 8.2 3.6 34 12.5 116
Purchases 15 14 0.9 07 24 21
Jointly owned power plants - - 0.9 0.7 0.9 0.7
Third parties 15 14 - - 15 14
Power sales 10.4 9.6 45 41 149 13.7

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

Offshore Wind/Other's sales decreased by €48 million. Adjusted

Renewables’ sales and adjusted EBIT were up by €247 million EBIT was at the prior-year level. The positive effect of favorable

and €24 million, respectively.

wind conditions in the United Kingdom was offset by the non-
recurrence of a book gain recorded in the prior year.

Onshore Wind/Solar's sales increased owing primarily to higher
owned generation resulting from the commissioning of new

wind farms and to favorable wind conditions in Poland, Germany,
the United Kingdom, and Sweden. Its adjusted EBIT was signifi-

cantly higher year on year.

Renewables

Onshore Wind/Solar Offshore Wind/Other Total
€ in millions 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
Fourth quarter
Sales 236 161 238 174 474 335
Adjusted EBITDA. 90 79 187 133 277 212
Adjusted EBIT 55 26 151 95 206 121
Full year
Sales 927 728 677 629 1,604 1,357
Adjusted EBITDA. 299 308 486 488 785 796
Adjusted EBIT 117 92 337 338 454 430


--- Page 52 ---

Non-Core Business (PreussenElektra)

Below we report on a number of important non-financial key
figures for this segment, such as generating capacity, power
generation, and power sales volume.

Fully Consolidated and Attributable Generating Capacity
PreussenElektra’s fully consolidated generating capacity declined
to 4,150 MW from the prior year owing to the scheduled
decommissioning of Gundremmingen B nuclear power station
on December 31, 2017, as stipulated by Germany's Atomic
Energy Act. Its attributable generating capacity declined to
3,808 MW for the same reason.

Power Generation and Sales Volume

This segment's power procured (owned generation and pur-
chases) of 37.4 billion kWh was at the prior-year level. The
reduction in owned generation is principally attributable to the
unplanned extension of the overhaul at Brokdorf nuclear power
station due to a thicker oxide layer on some fuel elements.

The increase in power procured reflects the purchase of power
to meet delivery obligations. Fourth-quarter power procured
was also at the prior-year level. Power sales in 2017 and in the
fourth quarter of 2017 were at the prior-year level as well.

Power Generation

PreussenElektra

Billion kWh 2017 2016

Fourth ter
Owned generation 8.6 93
Purchases 14 08
Jointly owned power plants 0.3 0.3
Third parties 11 05
Total power procurement 10.0 10.1
Station use, line loss, etc. -0.1 -
Power sales 9.9 10.1
Full year
Owned generation 27.5 32.4
Purchases 9.9 43
Jointly owned power plants 13 13
Third parties 8.6 3.0
Total power procurement 37.4 36.7
Station use, line loss, etc. -0.2 -0.1

Power sales 37.2 36.6

CEO Letter

Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

69

Sales and Adjusted EBIT

This segment's sales were up €47 million year on year. The
adverse impact of lower sales prices and the expiration of
supply contracts was more than offset by higher sales volume
to Uniper and one-off items, in particular in conjunction with a
legal proceeding. The decline in fourth-quarter sales is attrib-
utable to lower sales prices.

Adjusted EBIT of €506 million was below the prior-year figure
of €553 million. The adverse impact of the unplanned outage
at Brokdorf, lower sales prices, and higher depreciation
charges on fixed assets was partially offset by the expiration
of the nuclear-fuel tax at the end of 2016 and by one-off items.
The decline in fourth-quarter adjusted EBIT is attributable to
lower sales prices.

Non-Core Business

PreussenElektra

€ in millions 2017 2016

Fourth quarter

Sales 355 470
Adjusted EBITDA 157 234
Adjusted EBIT 149 208
Full year

Sales 1,585 1,538
Adjusted EBITDA 654 644
Adjusted EBIT 506 553



--- Page 53 ---

Internal Control System for the Accounting Process

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289, Para-
graph 4, and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of

the German Commercial Code on the Internal
Control System for the Accounting Process

General Principles

We apply Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commer-
cial Code and prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations
Committee that were adopted by the European Commission for
use in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year and whose applica-
tion was mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see Note 1
to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks
(Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey), Customer
Solutions (Germany, United Kingdom, Other), Renewables, Non-
Core Business, and Corporate Functions/Other are our IFRS
reportable segments.

E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with
the German Commercial Code, the SE Ordinance (in conjunc-
tion with the German Stock Corporation Act), and the German
Energy Act.

We prepare a Combined Group Management Report which
applies to both the E.ON Group and E.ON SE.

Accounting Process

All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
must comply with our uniform Accounting and Reporting Guide-
lines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and the
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines
describe applicable IFRS accounting and valuation principles.
They also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON
Group, such as those for nuclear-waste management, the treat-
ment of financial instruments, and the treatment of regulatory
obligations. We continually analyze amendments to laws, new
or amended accounting standards, and other pronouncements
for their relevance to, and consequences for, our Consolidated
Financial Statements and, if necessary, update our guidelines
and systems accordingly.

Group Management defines and oversees the roles and respon-
sibilities of various Group entities in the preparation of E.ON SE's
Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements.
These roles and responsibilities are described in detail in a
Group Policy document.

E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their finan-
cial statements in a proper and timely manner. They receive
substantial support from Business Service Centers in Regens-
burg, Germany, and Cluj, Romania. The financial statements of

70

subsidiaries belonging to E.ON's scope of consolidation are
audited by the subsidiaries’ respective independent auditor.
E.ON SE then combines these statements into its Consolidated
Financial Statements using uniform SAP consolidation soft-
ware. Group Accounting is responsible for conducting the con-
solidation and for monitoring adherence to guidelines for
scheduling, processes, and contents. Monitoring of system-
based automated controls is supplemented by manual checks.

In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional
qualitative and quantitative information is compiled. Further-
more, dedicated quality-control processes are in place for all
relevant departments to discuss and ensure the completeness
of relevant information on a regular basis.

E.ON SE's Financial Statements are also prepared with SAP
software. The accounting and preparation processes are divided
into discrete functional steps. Bookkeeping processes are han-
dled by our Business Service Centers: Cluj has responsibility for
processes relating to subsidiary ledgers and several bank activi-
ties, Regensburg for those relating to the general ledgers. Auto-
mated or manual controls are integrated into each step. Defined
procedures ensure that all transactions and the preparation of
E.ON SE's Financial Statements are recorded, processed,
assigned on an accrual basis, and documented in a complete,
timely, and accurate manner. Relevant data from E.ON SE's
Financial Statements are, if necessary, adjusted to conform
with IFRS and then transferred to the consolidation software
system using SAP-supported transfer technology.

The following explanations about our internal control system,
and our general IT controls apply to the Consolidated Financial
Statements and E.ON SE's Financial Statements.

Internal Control System

Internal controls are an integral part of our accounting processes.
Guidelines define uniform financial-reporting requirements and
procedures for the entire E.ON Group. These guidelines encom-
pass a definition of the guidelines’ scope of application; a Risk
Catalog ("ICS Model"); standards for establishing, documenting,


--- Page 54 ---

and evaluating internal controls; a Catalog of ICS Principles; a
description of the test activities of our Internal Audit division;
and a description of the final Sign-Off process. We believe that
compliance with these rules provides sufficient certainty to pre-
vent error or fraud from resulting in material misrepresentations
in the Financial Statements, the Combined Group Management
Report, and the Interim Reports.

COSO Framework

Our internal control system is based on the globally recognized
COSO framework, in the version published in May 2013 (COSO:
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission). The Central Risk Catalog (ICS Model), which
encompasses company- and industry-specific aspects, defines
possible risks for accounting (financial reporting) in the functional
areas of our units and thus serves as a check list and provides
guidance for the establishment, documentation, and implemen-
tation of internal controls.

The Catalog of ICS Principles is another key component of our
internal control system, defining the minimum requirements
for the system to function. These principles encompass over-
arching principles for matters such as authorization, segregation
of duties, and master data management as well as specific
requirements for managing risks in a range of issue areas and
processes, such as contractor management, project manage-
ment, audit, and transactions.

Scope

Each year, we conduct a process using qualitative criteria and
quantitative materiality metrics to define which E.ON units
must document and evaluate their financial-reporting-related
processes and controls in a central documentation system.

Central Documentation System

The E.ON units to which the internal control system applies use
a central documentation system to document key controls. The
system defines the scope, detailed documentation require-
ments, the assessment requirements for process owners, and
the final Sign-Off process.

Assessment

After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls,
the individual process owners conduct an annual assessment of
the design and the operational effectiveness of the processes as
well as the controls embedded in these processes.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

71

Tests Performed by Internal Audit

The management of E.ON units relies on the assessment per-
formed by the process owners and on testing of the internal
control system performed by Internal Audit. These tests are a
key part of the process. Using a risk-oriented audit plan, Inter-
nal Audit tests the E.ON Group's internal control system and
identifies potential deficiencies (issues). On the basis of its own
evaluation and the results of tests performed by Internal Audit,
an E.ON unit's management carries out the final Sign-Off.

Sign-Off Process

The final step of the internal evaluation process is the submission
of a formal written declaration called a Sign-Off confirming the
effectiveness of the internal control system. The Sign-Off pro-
cess is conducted at all levels of the Group before E.ON SE, as
the final step, conducts it for the Group as a whole. The Chair-
man of the E.ON SE Management Board and the Chief Financial
Officer make the final Sign-Off for the E.ON Group.

Internal Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory Board's
Audit and Risk Committee about the internal control system for
financial reporting and any significant issue areas it identifies in
the E.ON Group's various processes.

General IT Controls

An E.ON unit called E.ON Business Services and external service
providers provide IT services for the majority of the units at the
E.ON Group. The effectiveness of the automated controls in the
standard accounting software systems and in key additional appli-
cations depends to a considerable degree on the proper function-
ing of IT systems. Consequently, IT controls are embedded in our
documentation system. These controls primarily involve ensuring
the proper functioning of IT-related access-control mechanisms
of systems and applications, of daily IT operations (such as emer-
gency measures), of the program change process.


--- Page 55 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

Disclosures Pursuant to Section 289a,
Paragraph 1, and Section 315a, Paragraph 1,
of the German Commercial Code

Composition of Share Capital

The share capital totals €2,201,099,000.00 and consists of
2,201,099,000 registered shares without nominal value. In the
2017 financial year, the share capital was increased by
€200,099,000.00, from 2,001,000,000.00 to €2,201,099,000.00,
through partial use of Authorized Capital 2012. Information
about the capital increase can be found in Note 19 to the Con-
solidated Financial Statements. Each share of stock grants the
same rights and one vote at a Shareholders Meeting.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of Shares

Shares acquired by an employee under the Company-sponsored
employee stock purchase program are subject to a blackout
period that begins the day ownership of such shares is trans-
ferred to the employee and that ends on December 31 of the
next calendar year plus one. As a rule, an employee may not sell
such shares until the blackout period has expired.

Pursuant to Section 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
("AktG"), the Company's treasury shares give it no rights, includ-
ing no voting rights.

Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company's Articles of Associ-
ation Regarding the Appointment and Removal of Management
Board Members and Amendments to the Articles of Association
Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Man-
agement Board consists of at least two members. The Super-
visory Board decides on the number of members as well as on
their appointment and dismissal.

72

The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management
Board for a term not exceeding five years; reappointment is per-
missible. If more than one person is appointed as a member of
the Management Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint
one of the members as Chairperson of the Management Board.
If there is a vacancy on the Management Board for a required
member, the court makes the necessary appointment upon
petition by a concerned party in the event of an urgent matter.
The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of a mem-
ber of the Management Board and of the Chairperson of the
Management Board for serious cause (for further details, see
Sections 84 and 85 of the AktG).

Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of
the valid votes cast unless mandatory law or the Articles of
Association explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to
the Articles of Association requires a two-thirds majority of
the votes cast or, in cases where at least half of the share cap-
ital is represented, a simple majority of the votes cast unless
mandatory law explicitly prescribes another type of majority.

The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on
amendments to the Articles of Association that affect only their
wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association).
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the
wording of Section 3 of the Articles of Association upon utiliza-
tion of authorized or conditional capital.


--- Page 56 ---

Management Board's Power to Issue or Buy Back Shares
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 10,
2017, the Company is authorized, until May 9, 2022, to acquire
treasury shares. The shares acquired and other treasury shares
that are in possession of or to be attributed to the Company
pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the AktG must altogether at
no point account for more than 10 percent of the Company's
share capital.

At the Management Board's discretion, the acquisition may be
conducted:

e through a stock exchange

* by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a
public solicitation to submit offers

* by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit
offers for the exchange of liquid shares that are admitted to
trading on an organized market, within the meaning of the
German Securities Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company
shares

¢ by use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination of
both).

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions,
in whole or in partial amounts, in pursuit of one or more objec-
tives by the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by
third parties for the Company's account or one of its affiliate’s
account.

CEO Letter
Report of the Supervisory Board

E.ON Stock

Strategy and Objectives

Combined Group Management Report
Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Financial Highlights and Explanations

73

With regard to treasury shares that will be or have been acquired
based on the above-mentioned authorization and/or prior
authorizations by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management
Board is authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board's consent
and excluding shareholder subscription rights, to use these
shares—in addition to a disposal through a stock exchange or an
offer granting a subscription right to all shareholders—as follows:

* to be sold and transferred against cash consideration
* to be sold and transferred against contribution in kind

¢ to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds
with conversion or option rights or, respectively, conversion
obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies
or

¢ to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase
and transferred to individuals who are or were employed
by the Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board
members of affiliates of the Company

¢ to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where share-
holders may choose to contribute their dividend entitlement
to the Company in the form of a contribution in kind in
exchange for new shares.


--- Page 57 ---

Disclosures Regarding Takeovers

These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occa-
sions, in whole or in partial amounts, separately or collectively,
including with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated
companies or companies majority-owned by the Company or by
third parties for their account or the Company's account.

In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel trea-
sury shares, without such cancellation or its implementation
requiring an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting.

In each case, the Management Board will inform the Share-
holders Meeting about the utilization of the aforementioned
authorization, in particular about the reasons for and the purpose
of the acquisition of treasury shares, the number of treasury
shares acquired, the amount of the registered share capital
attributable to them, the portion of the registered share capital
represented by them, and their equivalent value.

By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting of May 10, 2017, the Management Board was autho-
rized, subject to the Supervisory Board's approval, to increase
until May 9, 2022, the Company's share capital by a total of up
to €460 million through one or more issuances of new registered
no-par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or in
kind (authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. AktG,
Authorized Capital 2017). Subject to the Supervisory Board's
approval, the Management Board is authorized to exclude share-
holders’ subscription rights. Authorized Capital 2017 was not
utilized.

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 10, 2017, share-
holders approved a conditional increase of the capital stock
(with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights) in
the amount of €175 million, which is authorized until May 9,
2022. The conditional capital increase will be implemented
only to the extent that holders of option or conversion rights or
persons obliged to conversion under option or convertible
bonds, profit-participation rights or profit-participating bonds
issued or guaranteed by the Company or a Group company of
the Company as defined in Section 18 AktG exercise their
option or conversion rights or, if they are obliged to conversion
or exercise of the option, fulfill their conversion obligation or,
as the case may be, their obligation to exercise the option. The
conditional capital increase was not utilized.

74

Scrip Dividend in 2017

In 2017 E.ON SE shareholders were again given the option of
exchanging a portion of their €0.21 dividend for shares of E.ON SE
stock. Shareholders could exchange €0.15 of their per share
dividend. The remaining €0.06 was paid out in cash or, if neces-
sary, withheld to cover tax obligations. Shareholders’ formal
subscription rights were excluded. The acceptance rate was
about 33 percent. A total of 14,653,833 shares of stock were
used for the scrip dividend and issued to shareholders.

Significant Agreements to Which the Company Is a Party That
Take Effect on a Change of Control of the Company Following a
Takeover Bid

Debt issued since 2007 contains change-of-control clauses
that give the creditor the right of cancellation. This applies, inter
alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance
B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE, promissory notes issued by
E.ON SE, and other instruments such as credit contracts. Granting
change-of-control rights to creditors is considered good corpo-
rate governance and has become standard market practice.
Further information about financial liabilities is contained in the
section of the Combined Group Management Report entitled
Financial Situation and in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Settlement Agreements between the Company and
Management Board Members or Employees in the Case

of a Change-of-Control Event

In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board posi-
tion due to a change-of-control event, the service agreements
of Management Board members entitle them to severance and
settlement payments (see the detailed presentation in the
Compensation Report).

Achange-of-control event would also result in the early payout
of virtual shares under the E.ON Share Matching Plan and the
E.ON Performance Plan.
