

--- Page 1 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Summary of business performance and
operating results in 2017

Axel Springer has had a very successful conclusion to the
2017 financial year. The forecast published in March 2017
and partially raised in August was met (see page 58).

In the reporting year, revenues of € 3,562.7 million were
8.3% higher than the prior-year figure (€ 3,290.2 million).
This increase was mainly due to the good operational
development. In addition, consolidation effects also
contributed, while currency effects had a negative impact
overall. Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and
currency effects, sales revenues were 6.3 % higher than
in the previous year. All operating segments contributed
to this revenue growth.

The transformation towards an increasingly digital
company is reflected in the share of digital business in
our key figures: In 2017, we generated 71.5 % of our
revenues and 87.1 % of our advertising revenue in the
digital field.

Compared with the prior year, adjusted EBITDA in-
creased by 8.5 % to € 645.8 million (PY: € 595.5 million).
The return remained stable at 18.1% (PY: 18.1%). The
partially significant increase in earnings in the operating
segments was only opposed by a deterioration in
earnings in the Services/Holding segment. Overall, we
generated 80.0% of our operating result in the past
financial year with digital activities.

Adjusted earnings per share from continuing opera-
tions of € 2.60 were 8.1 % above the prior year's figure
of € 2.41.

At the annual shareholders' meeting to be held on
Wednesday, April 18, 2018, the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of € 2.00
(PY: € 1.90) per qualifying share.

11

Combined Management Report

Outlook 2018

For the financial year 2018, we expect Group revenues
to increase by an amount in the low to mid single-digit
percentage range. Organically, we also anticipate an
increase in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBITDA, we expect a rise in the lower
double-digit percentage range. For the organic growth in
EBITDA, we expect an increase in the mid to high single-
digit percentage range.

For the adjusted EBIT, due to higher depreciation, we
expect an increase in the lower single-digit percentage
range, organically a rise in the lower to mid single-digit
percentage range.

For the adjusted earnings per share, we expect an
increase in the lower to mid single-digit percentage
range. For the organic development, we anticipate an
increase in the mid to high single-digit percentage range.

You can find detailed information on our forecasts on
page 58.

Introductory remarks

The combined management report for Axel Springer SE
and the Group are summarized. The information contained
in this combined management report relates to the
economic situation and business performance of the

Axel Springer Group. These statements are also largely
applicable to Axel Springer SE. Additional information

on the economic situation of the parent company Axel
Springer SE is provided in a separate chapter on page 39.

For explanations of the key performance indicators used
and the adjustments of our operating results, please refer
to page 33 of the combined management report and the
notes to the consolidated financial statements section (31).


--- Page 2 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Segments

Axel Springer Group

re a

Classifieds

Media

= Jobs = National
= Real Estate

= General/
Other

= International

Services/
Holding

Marketing
Media

= Reach Based
Marketing

= Performance
Marketing

Business model

Axel Springer is a leading digital publisher with an em-
phasis on digital classifieds and journalism. Already today,
71.5% of total revenues and 80.0% of adjusted EBITDA
are generated by digital activities. Axel Springer operates
one of the world's largest portfolios of digital classifieds.
From an economic point of view, these offers are the
most important pillar in the Group, particularly those in
the subsegment Jobs and Real Estate. In addition, the
offers in the News Media segment include a broad-
based portfolio of successfully established brands such
as the BILD and WELT Group in Germany or Business
Insider in the USA. The Marketing Media segment com-
prises all business models that generate revenues pre-
dominantly through reach-based or performance-based
forms of advertising.

Legal structure, locations

Axel Springer SE, as the holding company of the Axel
Springer Group, is a listed stock corporation with its
registered head office in Berlin. The Group also maintains
offices at other locations in Germany. In addition, the
Group comprises numerous companies abroad. The
consolidated shareholdings of the Group are listed in
section (42) in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

12

Segments of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer's business activities are bundled in three
operating segments: Classifieds Media, News Media and
Marketing Media. In addition, there is the Services/-
Holding segment.

As part of the publication of the nine-month figures for
2017, we have adjusted the names of our segments.
The former Classified Ad Models have been renamed
Classifieds Media, the Paid Models have become News
Media and the segment previously called Marketing
Models has been changed to Marketing Media.

The content composition of the segments remained
unchanged.

Classifieds Media

The Classifieds Media segment encompasses all busi-
ness models that generate their revenues primarily
through advertisers paying for advertising of jobs,

real estate, cars, etc.

Portfolio and market position

Axel Springer has established one of the world's largest
portfolios of leading online classifieds portals over the
last few years. The activities of the Classifieds Media


--- Page 3 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

segment are divided into three subsegments: Jobs,
Real Estate and General/Other.

The following graph gives an overview of the main
brands in the Classifieds Media portfolio.

Portfolio Classifieds Media

Real Estate “Biker

= StepStone = SeLoger = LaCentrale
"Totaljobs/Jobsite = Immowelt = Yad2
= Saongroup = Immoweb = @Leisure

= meinestadt.de”

As of 2018 part of the subsegment Jobs.

Jobs comprises the StepStone Group and its subsidiar-
ies, the leading company among the private-sector job
boards in Germany, the UK, Ireland, South Africa and
other countries. With its portals specialized in expert and
managerial staff, according to the market research insti-
tute TNS, StepStone delivers around two and a half
times more applications than its nearest competitor in
Germany. The Totaljobs Group and the Jobsite Group,
which alongside the general main brands, also include
among others the specialist portals Caterer.com,
CW4Jobs.co.uk, CityJobs.com and eMedcareers.com,
together deliver significantly more applications in the UK
than their competitors.

In Real Estate, Axel Springer is the leading provider in
France and Belgium with SeLoger and Immoweb.
SeLoger is the largest company in France in the field of
specialized real estate classifieds in France and has been
able to increase its average revenue per agent through
price measures as well as an expansion of its offering in
recent years, reaching an average value of € 724 in 2017
(PY: € 676) per month. The SeLoger's portfolio also
includes some highly specialized niche portals such as:
bellesdemeures.com for luxury real estate. Since the first
quarter of 2018, Logic-lmmo.com is also part of the
portfolio (see page 24). In Belgium, Immoweb achieved
an average revenue per agent of € 514 per month

(PY: € 460). The Real Estate subsegment also includes
the German Immowelt Group, which was created in

13

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

2015 from the merger of Immowelt and Immonet and is
the clear number two of the German real estate portals.
In the year 2017, the focus of the Immowelt Group was
again on the marketing of the DUO offer, which enables
agents to place their properties on both portals. This
resulted in another significant increase in average reve-
nue per agent. In 2017, this averaged € 294 per month
(PY: € 252).

General/ Other includes Car&Boat Media, based in
Paris. The company operates LaCentrale, the leading
specialist classifieds portal for used cars in France as
well as other portals related to cars and boats. LaCen-
trale's average revenue per agent in 2017 was € 410 per
month. The Yad2 Group includes the leading generalist
Classifieds portal in Israel for real estate, cars and classi-
fieds, as well as a leading job board (Drushim). The sub-
segment also includes @Leisure, a leading operator of
online holiday property rental portals. The group of com-
panies based in Amsterdam includes, among others, the
portals belvilla and casamundo as well as the company
TraumFerienwohnungen and the DanCenter Group
(previously Land & Leisure Group), which, among others,
operates the portal DanCenter. The German regional
portal meinestadt.de generates the majority of its
revenues through digital classifieds.

Business model and key factors

The offers in the Classifieds Media segment generate
revenues mainly through sales of classified ads. A certain
price per ad is paid by HR departments for placing job
ads, by estate agents for advertising real estate, and by
car dealerships for publishing car ads. In addition,
revenues are generated by marketing online advertising
spaces and cooperations as well as through the provision
of software functionalities for customers. Long-term
growth drivers are, among others, the continuing reloca-
tion of classified ads to the Internet, the acquisition of
new customers and the increasing monetization of the
offer. Moreover, business developments are significantly
determined by the economic environment in the respec-
tive market segments, the market position in the respec-
tive segment, and online usage behavior of advertisers
and seekers.


--- Page 4 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Within Jobs, ads are sold to job providers and logins

are offered to online CV databases that belong to the
respective portals in which the job advertisers can actively
search for suitable candidates.

Real Estate primarily generates revenues by selling
advertising and display space to agents, project develop-
ers, housing agencies, or private individuals.

Within General/Other, revenues are based on the focus
of the relevant portal. These include, among others, com-
mercial automobile retailers, landlords of vacation homes,
real estate agents and project developers. The portals

are also partially aimed at private individuals who predomi-
nantly sell second-hand goods via this marketplace.

News Media

The News Media segment includes primarily business
models that are based on content creation and funded
by paying readers and/or advertisers.

Portfolio and market position

The News Media segment is sub-divided into national
and international offerings. The main activities in the News
Media segment are illustrated in the following chart.

Portfolio News Media

PO Nstionat | International

= BILD-Group = Ringier Axel Springer Media
= WELT-Group = Business Insider

= eMarketer

= upday

= Politico

14

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

The digital portfolio in News Media National mainly
comprises BILD.de and WELT.de, including affiliated
online portals such as Stylebook and Grtinderszene,

as well as the digital apps of magazines (including
Autobild.de). In addition, with WELT (previously N24) a
TV news channel belongs to the WELT Group. N24 was
renamed WELT on January 18, 2018.

In terms of reach BILD.de is Germany's strongest

news and entertainment portal with a digital subscription
model. In addition, BILD.de has the widest reach of
journalistic mobile offers in Germany. BILD.de is also
distributed via mobile channels, with apps for nearly all
kinds of smartphones, tablet PC and smart TV, not to
mention the mobile portal. In 2017, in addition to our
portal Upday, it was one of the two most-visited mobile
media brands in Germany ("digital facts 2017 12“, AGOF -
Working Group for Online Research). BILD.de also offers
other products such as fitbook.de and travebook.de.

WELT digital products are some of the most successful
stationary and mobile Internet sites in the segment of
German quality media. The offering is also available on
PC tablet, smartphones and e-readers as well as a digital
subscription. WELT (previously N24) is leading in the TV
news channel segment and maintained its 1.4 % market
share in 2017 among the 14- to 49-year-old advertising-
relevant audience group.

The print portfolio in the News Media National seg-
ment comprises the newspapers of the umbrella brands
BILD and WELT, as well as our magazines.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

BILD is Europe's biggest daily newspaper with the wid-
est reach, as well as the unchallenged number one in
Germany with a share of 79.4 % of newsstand sales (all
figures for the German newspapers and magazines are
based on paid circulation as per German Audit Bureau of
Circulation, (IVW - Informationsgemeinschaft zur
Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbetragern) as at
December 31, 2017). BILD am SONNTAG is Germany's
best-selling nationwide Sunday newspaper in 2017, with
a share of 59.8%. B.Z. is one of Berlin's biggest news-
papers. The automotive, computer and sports media of
the BILD brand family make up a magazine portfolio built
on the core brands of AUTO BILD, COMPUTER BILD
and SPORT BILD.

The WELT AM SONNTAG is the clear number one in the
area of supraregional quality Sunday newspapers based
on circulation. DIE WELT (including WELT KOMPAKT) is
the third-biggest quality newspaper in Germany based
on paid circulation.

The subsegment News Media International comprises
the international digital and print media offers.

In Eastern Europe, Axel Springer is active with Ringier
Axel Springer Media in the markets of Poland, Hungary,
Serbia, Slovakia and, since 2017, also in the Baltic
States. The portfolio includes leading digital and print
offerings. With the digital offerings, we reach 77.7 % of
the country's Internet users with the leading Polish online
group Onet. In Hungary the leading job portal, profes-
sion.hu, belongs to the portfolio. In Slovakia, azet.sk is
the leading online portal, reaching 80.7 % of Internet
users. Since the acquisition in the financial year 2017 of
the CV Keskus Group, which operates the leading job
portals in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, Ringier Axel
Springer Media is also represented in the Baltic States. In
Slovakia, the inclusion of the existing classifieds business
in a joint venture with the Penta Group has created the
leading classified portals in the Real Estate and Auto
segments. Print offers include the largest Polish news-
paper FAKT, the leading tabloid BLIKK in Hungary and
the leading tabloid NOVY CAS in Slovakia, as well as
other newspapers and magazines. In Slovakia, the sale

15

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

of the print business, already agreed upon in 2017, is to
take place in the middle of the year 2018 (see page 25).

The Europe Joint Venture with POLITICO in Brussels
continued its growth course in 2017 and has strength-
ened its position as the most widely read and influential
EU media brand. In 2017, 62% of EU decisionmakers
read POLITICO at least once a week. The website politi-
co.eu, the printed weekly newspaper, the conference
business and the digital payment offers continued to
contribute to the growth course.

In the US, Axel Springer is represented by the leading
digital business and financial news provider Business
Insider. In addition to businessinsider.com, the company
also operates other services such as: for example, the
INSIDER portal in the US and Business Insider UK in the
UK. In 2017 Business Insider reached over 300 million
monthly readers and viewers. In cooperation with finan-
zen.net, Business Insider has been running a German
portal since November 2015 and the Markets Insider
since October 2016 in the USA. Business Insider also
launched another digital subscription offering with Busi-
ness Insider Prime in 2017 and is expanding its B2C
Offering to include the paid business customer product
BI Intelligence.

eMarketer complements the portfolio of innovative paid
digital offerings in English-speaking countries and
strengthens Axel Springer's position in business news
and information. Based in New York, the company is a
leading provider of analytics, studies and digital market
data to companies and institutions.

The mobile news aggregator Upday, developed in partner-
ship with Samsung and initially launched in four countries,
has been represented in 16 European countries since
April 2017. Since then, Upday has become the largest
mobile news offering in Europe. In December 2017, the
platform reached a total of 498.4 million visits (VW) in 16
countries, a quarter of them in Germany. Upday aggre-
gates content from more than 3,500 different sources.

In addition to "Top News" selected and summarized by
journalist, news is displayed by algorithm that reflect the
individual interests of users in the "My News".


--- Page 6 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Business model and key factors

Revenues in the News Media segment mainly comprise
circulation and advertising revenues. The circulation
revenues come from the sale of classic print products
and digital subscriptions. Advertising revenues are gener-

ated by marketing the reach of our online and print media.

The value chain is, however, aligned across media. It
encompasses all the essential processes for the creation
of information, entertainment and moving image content,
ranging from conception, editorial work and production to
sales and marketing. All journalism content is collected in
integrated newsrooms, some of which are used for more
than one publication, and processed there in accordance
with the demands of our print and online media.

News Media is marketed predominantly centrally in
Germany via Media Impact, the leading cross media
marketer (measured by gross market shares). The digital
marketing portfolio also includes content produced by
external companies. The cross-media approach to
marketing enables optimal use of synergies,
competencies and reach.

The print business continues to face the challenge of
falling print circulations. For advertisers, in addition to
the circulation development, the reach is particularly
important. In particular, BILD continues to benefit from
the fact that, with just under 10 million daily readers, it
has by far the largest reach among daily newspapers in
Germany.

We produce our newspapers, among others, in the three
offset print shops in Hamburg-Ahrensburg, Essen-
Kettwig and Berlin-Spandau. We therefore carry out all
steps in the value chain ourselves, from production to
monitoring dispatch logistics. The print media are
distributed nationally and internationally above all by
press wholesale companies, station book trade and
press import companies. In Germany there are over

100 thousand retail shops where our newspapers and
magazines are sold.

16

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

In the digital business, industry's circulation revenues are
still much smaller than in the print business, but are
recording strong growth. The willingness to pay for digi-
tal journalism is increasing and success stories of digital
subscription models like the New York Times in the US
illustrate this. Digital advertising revenues continue to be
highly competitive due to the reach-based market power
of Facebook and Google. For example, Facebook and
Google already absorb two-thirds of the digital advertis-
ing market in the US today. A key driver of this develop-
ment is the shift in user behavior from desktop to mobile.
However, we see the secure brand environment that
publishers can guarantee by editing content as a great
opportunity. Against the background of the often viral
distribution of fake news, social media platforms have
increasingly come under fire in 2017- exposing the
brands of advertising customers to a reputation damag-
ing environment.

The production process of digital news media involves
the journalistic preparation of content with subsequent
provision on websites or other digital resources such as
smartphones, tablets or smart TVs, or the processing
and aggregation of information in databases. Distribution
of digital products takes place predominantly via our own
Internet pages or download platforms such as the app
stores of Apple and Google.

Cross-media, the segment is influenced by the political
situation in the relevant markets, the economic environ-
ment and, in particular, the development of the advertis-
ing markets. In addition to the general market cycle,
seasonal aspects and one-off effects such as special
editions play a role.

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, all business models.
are summarized, the proceeds of which are generated
predominantly by advertisers in reach-based or
performance-based marketing.


--- Page 7 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio and market position

The Marketing Media segment is divided into reach
based and performance based offers. The principal
activities are summarized in the graph below.

Portfolio Marketing Media

Reach Based Marketing Performance Marketing

= idealo = Awin
= aufeminin”

= Bonial

= finanzen.net

" Sale envisaged for the second quarter of 2018.

Reach Based Marketing includes idealo.de, Germany's
leading and in terms of reach strongest portal for product
search and price comparison. idealo accesses around 2.2
million products with more than 333 million offers from
online retailers (status: average December 2017) and is
also represented internationally with numerous offers. The
product comparison portal ladenzeile.de is also part of the
idealo Group.

aufeminin and its affiliates provide online portals, forums.
and product subscriptions for predominantly female
audiences. In addition to the internationally represented
aufeminin portals, these include Marmiton, France's largest
digital offering on the subject of cooking, the lifestyle brand
My Little Paris with leisure tips, local recommendations and
subscriptions, the UK parent portal netmums, the health
portal Onmeda in Germany, France and Spain, and the
Californian company Livingly Media with its four lifestyle
portals Livingly, Zimbio, StyleBistro and Lonny. In
December 2017, Axel Springer announced the signing of
an option agreement for the sale of its stake in aufeminin to
Télévision Frangaise 1 (TF1). The sales agreement was
concluded in January 2018 (see page 25).

17

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

kaufDA.de and MeinProspekt.de operate under the
umbrella of the Bonial International Group as Germany's
leading consumer information portals regarding local
shopping. The offerings distribute digitized advertising
retail leaflets predominantly via mobile Internet at a re-
gional level. The services are offered under local brands
also in France, Sweden, Norway, Denmark (all Bonial),
Spain, Mexico, Chile and Colombia (all Ofertia). In De-
cember, Bonial announced the closure of US activities
under the Retale brand, as profitability targets were not
met (see page 24).

finanzen.net, the financial portal with the highest reach in
Germany, offers its users data on the latest develop-
ments in the financial markets on a daily basis. The portal
is part of its internationalization strategy, among others,
also represented with an offer in Switzerland, Russia,
Austria and the Netherlands. In addition, finanzen.net
operates two portals in cooperation with Business
Insider, the German edition of Business Insider and
Markets Insider, a US stock exchange portal.

In the field of TV and radio, Axel Springer is directly and
indirectly involved in leading private radio stations and
thus holds one of the biggest private radio portfolios in
Germany. Further, Axel Springer also holds a minority
interest in Dogan TV Holding, one of the leading private
television and radio companies in Turkey.

The Performance Marketing activities are bundled
within the Awin Group (previously: Zanox group). The
leading provider of success-based online marketing in
Europe brings advertisers and publishers together, giving
advertisers an efficient way to market their products and
services on the Internet. Since January 2017, the US
company ShareASale has also been part of the Awin
Group. In October 2017, the merger of Awin and affilinet
took effect. Axel Springer and United Internet, which had
brought affilinet into the AWIN AG, thus strengthen their
competitive position in the affiliate marketing area and lay
the foundations for accelerated international growth. This
also serves to prepare for a possible subsequent IPO of
the Awin Group (see page 24).


--- Page 8 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Business model and key factors

In our Reach Based Marketing, advertising spaces are
marketed to advertising customers and charged based
on the reach generated by the given media offerings
(number of users or listeners) or the interaction generat-
ed by the reach. Attractive content generates high reach
values and topic-specific environments enable advertis-
ers to precisely reach the desired target groups.

In the course of the rising use of online media, reach
based marketing particularly on the Internet is a major
business. Besides display ads like banners, layer ads,
and wallpaper, videos are also increasingly being used
as online advertising formats. In addition, marketing
collaborations and innovative forms of advertising such
as native advertising, sponsoring and marketing via
social media channels are used. Due to the increased
automatic purchase and sale of advertising space
(programmatic advertising) and the progressive spread
of mobile devices, the forms of reach marketing are
constantly changing.

Through Performance Marketing, advertisers can
promote their products and offerings on publisher web-
sites through advertising such as text links, banner ads,
or online videos. Advertisers pay only a performance fee
to publishers if the ad has actually been used and led to
the transaction requested by the advertiser. Our plat-
forms provide the infrastructure for this efficient form of
marketing, record data traffic and transactions, and
facilitate a variety of services to advertisers and
publishers.

The business segment is benefiting from the growth of
stationary and mobile Internet usage and the increasing
number of relocation of purchases to the Internet.
Through the Awin Group, Axel Springer is benefiting
from growing demand from advertising companies for
success-based advertising and marketing models.

18

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Services/Holding

Group services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as the holding functions are report-
ed within the Services/Holding segment. Group services
are purchased by in-house customers at standard market
prices.

Management and Control

Executive Board divisions

During the reporting year, the Executive Board of Axel
Springer SE consisted of four members; from March 1,
2018 there will be five members. In its management of
the company, the Executive Board is advised and
supervised by a Supervisory Board composed of nine
members.

Axel Springer Executive Board Divisions

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Mathias Déptner

Chief Financial Officer
Dr. Julian Deutz

Executive ,
Board —| on News Media
Divisions an Bayer

Classifieds and Marketing Media
Dr. Andreas Wiele (since March 2018
Classifieds Media)

Technology and Data
Dr. Stephanie Caspar (since March 2018)

Executive Board responsibilities are divided as follows:

Dr. Mathias Dopfner is Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Axel Springer SE. All editors-in-chief and the
corporate staff divisions Corporate Communications,
Public Affairs, Strategy, Executive Personnel as well as
the Axel Springer Academy report to him.


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Dr. Julian Deutz is responsible for the Finance and
Personnel Executive Board division. In addition to the
commercial departments, his division also includes,
among others, Personnel, Law and Compliance, Group
Purchasing, Group Security, as well as Corporate Audit &
Risk Management.

Jan Bayer is President News Media. In addition to the
journalistic product portfolio, this division also includes
Media Impact (Marketing), Sales Impact (sales), IT, and
the printing plants are also assigned to this segment. In
addition, from March 1, 2018, Jan Bayer will take over the
responsibility from Dr. Andreas Wiele for the reach based
offers of the Marketing Media segment.

Dr. Andreas Wiele is President Classifieds and Marketing
Media (from March 1, 2018: President Classifieds Media)
and is responsible for the corresponding segments, in-
cluding the associated investments. From March 1, 2018
he is responsible for the classifieds and performance-
based marketing activities.

From March 1, 2018, Dr. Stephanie Caspar will be re-
sponsible for the overall technology and data strategy and
the national digital media business as Executive Board
member for Technology and Data.

Corporate governance principles

Axel Springer’s corporate governance principles are
aligned with our core values of creativity, entrepreneur-
ship, and integrity. There are also five principles, the “es-
sentials", which are laid down in a separate Axel Springer
corporate constitution. For more information on our inter-
nal rules, see the section entitled "Important Management
Practices" in the declaration of corporate governance law
pursuant to Section 289f HGB (commercial law) on page
67 of this Annual Report.

Basic principles of the compensation system

The compensation of our employees, all the way up to
senior management level, consists of a fixed component,
and — for qualifying employees - an additional variable
component. Variable compensation is determined on the
basis of individual performance and the company’s suc-
cess. To this end, individual target agreements encom-

19

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

passing both group-wide targets and division targets are
adopted every year anew. With regard to the Group
targets for 2017, variable compensation is based primarily
on the adjusted financial indicators EBITDA and EBIT.

A presentation of the remuneration of the Executive
Board can be found in the chapter "Corporate Govern-
ance" under "Compensation Report" (from page 76).

We also provide information on the remuneration of our
Supervisory Board members (from page 80).

Goals and Strategies

Axel Springer is pursuing a strategy of profitable growth
with the ultimate goal of becoming the leading digital
publisher. This goal is considered to be achieved when
the Group is the leader in its respective market segments
and in the countries in which it operates.

Segment strategies

In the Classifieds Media segment, Axel Springer intends
to further expand its position as a leading international
provider of digital classified portals. In addition to organic
development, additional acquisitions should contribute

to growth, depending on acquisition opportunities.
Synergies within the group are used consistently.

In addition, early-stage activities were launched in the
Classifieds Media segment in order to identify innovative
business models and providers at an early stage.

In the News Media segment, Axel Springer intends to
exploit the potential of the strong BILD and WELT brands.
in the digital and printed as well as the international
brands (e. g. Business Insider and eMarketer).

At the beginning of 2018, Axel Springer has rebuilt the so
far brand-based organization of the News Media National
product portfolio and organized the publishing area
across print and digital. The editors continue to work
together brand-linked and cross-medially.


--- Page 10 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

In this way, the very different requirements in the publish-
ing area of the print and digital business should be taken
into account. The print area is about limiting the circula-
tion decline and aligning our products even more consist-
ently with the readers in order to consolidate the strong
market position of our titles. The digital sector, on the
other hand, requires greater investments across brands in
technological innovations in the future. Axel Springer is
aiming for a sustained positive development of digital
subscription models in the context of readers’ increasing
willingness to pay for journalistic quality. Another focus is
the expansion of the video content in the digital offers of
BILD and WELT. The BILD Group achieves a superior
reading and usage time compared to other competitors
thanks to the ever-closer integration of print, online and
mobile offerings and increases its share, especially
among young and high-income readers. With the digital
brand subscription BlLDplus, the basis of paying readers
on the Internet is established and expanded.

The WELT Group wants to become the leading multi-
media provider of quality journalism that can optimally
serve print, digital, TV and out of home. For this the
respective strengths are used: The print and digital offer-
ings of the WELT Group use the moving image inventory
of the TV news channel WELT (previously N24), while the
quality news channel in conjunction with the other offers
of the WELT Group serve to further expand its market
position and better exploit its online potential. Further-
more, the WELT Group will use its digital subscription
model to further increase the base of paying readers on
the Internet.

Via the central marketer Media Impact, the segment offers
advertisers an attractive, cross-media and strong reach
based platform for campaigns. As one of the leading
cross-media marketing firms (based on gross market
shares), Media Impact will continue to expand its external
marketing portfolio in the print and digital segments. The
TV portfolio, together with Viacom's portfolio, will be mar-
keted in the video image marketer Visoon Video Impact.

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

The strategy of sustainable growth in the Marketing
Media segment extends to reach based marketing

and performance based marketing alike. In reach based
marketing, the strategy focuses on financial and consum-
er information portals. It is important to increase the range
and use of offers, increase advertising utilization and
develop new advertising, pricing and business models.
Furthermore, innovative products and business models
are promoted, developed and, if successful, expanded
further via capital expenditures in early-stage activities.

In the area of Performance Marketing, there is stronger
integration of the activities bundled in the Awin Group;
essentially by standardizing the technical platform and
expanding services and the publisher network.

Organic and acquisition-driven growth
Furthermore, innovative products and business models
are promoted, developed and, if successful, expanded
further via capital expenditures in early-stage activities.
This is complemented by inorganic growth.

In all segments, Axel Springer seizes opportunities to
expand the business model by investing in companies
with innovative business ideas which are still in an early
phase of their development. Alongside the indirect partic-
ipations in start-ups as part of our investments in early
phase funds, Project A Ventures, in particular, forms part
of the Start-up Accelerator recently founded together with
Porsche, which supports digital business ideas with high
market potential. Furthermore, Axel Springer has an equi-
ty stake in LAKESTAR II. The investment fund concen-
trates on digital companies with a focus on Europe and
the USA. A number of direct minority interests are also
assigned on a selective basis to these indirect interests in
startups. Over the past few years, Axel Springer has also
established an early-phase portfolio in the USA that fo-
cuses on digital journalism.


--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Above all, when the opportunities arise, companies that
are well-established in the market will be acquired. We
select suitable investments according to their appropriate
strategic orientation, the quality of the management, the
profitability and the scalability of the company business
model.

Among other things, we assess the profitability of
investments in new or existing business segments using
approved capital value methods that take business and
country specific risks into consideration.

Internal management system

We have aligned our internal control system along our
corporate strategy, defining financial performance indica-
tors (which are also our performance measures) and
non-financial performance indicators that measure the
success of our strategy.

Detailed monthly reports are an important element of

our internal management and control system. These
reports contain the monthly results of our most important
activities, along with a consolidated statement of financial
position, income statement, and cash flow statement. We
use these reports to compare actual values with budget
values. When variances arise, we investigate further or
initiate suitable corrective measures.

These reports are supplemented by regular forecasts of
expected advertising revenues over the coming weeks
and months, as well as forecasts of the likely develop-
ment of earnings.

Financial performance indicators

Our focus is on sustainably increasing both our profitabil-
ity and our corporate value. The most important target
and performance indicators in terms of profitability are
revenues, EBITDA and EBIT. At the same time, the

21

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

adjusted EBITDA and the adjusted EBIT are the basis for
the performance-related compensation of executives
(more about our compensation system can be found
starting on page 76). These performance indicators and
the adjusted EBITDA margin are anchored in our internal
planning and control system.

Financial Control Parameters

Selected financial control
parameters on the Group level,

€ millions 2017 2016
Revenues 3,562.7 3,290.2
EBITDA, adjusted’) 645.8 595.5
EBITDA margin, adjusted) 18.1% 18.1%
EBIT, adjusted’) 504.0 471.1

+) Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators on page 33.

Non-financial performance indicators

In addition to the financial performance indicators, the
following non-financial performance indicators are rele-
vant for assessing our customer, market and supply-
related performance, even if the entity as a whole is not
controlled by it:

™ Unique Users/Visitors as well as business model-
related key figures of our online media and the

resulting market position

@ Reach of our media in the advertising market as well
as key figures on brand and advertising awareness

@ Average circulation of all major newspapers and mag-
azines sold

@ Digital subscriptions


--- Page 12 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Economic Report

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

General economic conditions and business development

General economic conditions

According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF),
global economic growth in 2017 was +3.7 % in real
terms, slightly higher than expected. The main driving
forces included the national economies of Europe and
Asia.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical Office,
the economy in Germany in the course of 2017 was
characterized by strong economic growth. Price-
adjusted gross domestic product rose by 2.2 % com-
pared to the previous year. The German economy has
thus grown for the eighth year in a row. Positive impulses
for growth came mainly from the domestic market in
2017. Private consumption rose by 2.0% in real terms.
Investments increased by 3.0% in 2017, which is above
average. German exports also developed positively.
Price-adjusted exports of goods and services were 4.7 %
higher than in the previous year. Imports increased even
more strongly at 5.2 % over the same period.

The ifo Business Climate Index moved upwards in 2017.
This applies both to the assessment of the business
situation and to business expectations. Consumers were
in high spirits, especially in the second half of 2017. This
applies above all to the economic expectations of con-
sumers.

According to calculations by the Federal Statistical Office,
consumer prices increased significantly in 2017 com-
pared to the previous year by 1.8 %. The Federal Em-
ployment Agency recorded 2.5 million unemployed on an
annual average in 2017. The number thus decreased by
5.9% compared to the previous year, the annual aver-
age unemployment rate in 2017 was 5.7 %.

According to estimates by the German Institute for Eco-
nomic Research (DIW), the British economy grew by
1.5% in real terms in 2017. The recession, partly ex-
pected as a result of the Brexit vote, has so far failed to
materialize. Private consumption increased more strongly
in the third quarter of 2017 than at the beginning of 2017,
and corporate investment also gave a stronger boost.

At the same time, the foreign trade contribution was

negative due to significantly increased imports. Accord-
ing to the DIW estimate, inflation in the United Kingdom
rose noticeably to 2.7 %.

For France, the DIW expects price-adjusted economic
growth in 2017 of 1.8%. The inflation rate is likely to be
below average relative to the euro area (1.4%) at 1.1%.

In Central and Eastern Europe, the dynamic develop-
ment accelerated in the third quarter of 2017 according
to the DIW estimate. Overall, the region should have
achieved real growth of 4.6 %. The main driver in most
countries was private consumption.

According to the DIW study, the USA achieved real
economic growth of 2.3% in 2017. In the third quarter of
2017, both private consumption and business invest-
ment increased significantly. Foreign trade also provided
positive impulses.

Industry-specific environment

Advertising Market

According to the latest advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia (“Advertising Expenditure Forecast“,
December 2017), the advertising market in Germany in
2017 grew by 0.9% over the prior-year figure.

According to these surveys, net revenues of the total
advertising market amounted to € 20.1 billion in the
period under review (including classified ads and leaflets,
less discounts and agency commissions and excluding
production costs), representing a nominal increase of
0.9 % over the previous year.

In the online sector in Germany (display, keyword mar-
keting and affiliate), net advertising revenues increased

by 7.1% to € 6.8 billion in 2017. The digital advertising

expenditures thus represent a market share of the total
advertising expenditures of 34.0%. The advertisers are
feeling the pressure of the rapid transformation of their

companies. Marketing communication is shifting rapidly
to online channels in response to changes in consumer
behavior.


--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

In the print media, net advertising revenues of newspa-
pers (newspapers, advertising papers and newspaper
supplements) totaled € 4.6 billion in the reporting period,
2.5 % below the previous year's level. Magazines (con-
sumer magazines, directory magazines, directory media)
also had a decline compared to the previous year, with
net advertising revenues falling by 6.3 % to € 2.2 billion.

Commercial television in Germany recorded a decline
of 0.8% to € 4.5 billion in 2017 and net advertising
revenues on radio were € 773 million, 0.7 % above the
previous year. Net advertising revenues in outdoor
advertising increased in 2017 by 1.6% to € 1.1 billion.

According to ZenithOptimedia, the following digital

advertising revenue development is expected in 2017
for selected countries:

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2017 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

(nominal) Online

Germany 71%

Central and Eastern Europe 16.3%

USA

146%

United Kingdom 46%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2017.

Press distribution market

More and more people use the Internet as the main
medium for news consumption. There is an increasing
willingness to pay for digital content in Germany.
Economically successful offers such as the New York
Times, Washington Post, but also Netflix or Spotify prove
that media content can be monetized not only via range
models, but also via subscriptions. While digital news-
paper distribution, at € 350 million, is not nearly as big as

23

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

print distribution (€ 4.6 billion), overall market growth in
distribution will take place online over the next few years,
while the print market will see a slight decline. The online
distribution market will grow by 5 % each year from
2017-2021. But we see a positive trend: All major
national daily newspapers in Germany already offer
digital subscriptions. The Axel Springer products in this
segment, BILD Plus and WELT Plus, pioneers with their
respective founding years of 2013 and 2012, have seen
a growing number of subscribers for years.

The German press distribution market contracted
somewhat further. The total paid circulation of
newspapers and magazines was 5.0 % below the
corresponding prior-year figure. Thanks to the price
increases implemented in the past four quarters, however,
circulation revenues declined by only 0.7 %.

The 335 IVW-registered daily and Sunday newspapers.
achieved total sales of 16.5 million copies per publication
date. Compared to the prior-year figure, this corresponds
to a fall of 4.6%. As in the prior year, retail sales (- 10.2 %)
suffered a much greater decline than subscription sales
(-3.5 %). Demand in the segment of daily and Sunday
newspapers within the press distribution market
weakened by 4.8 %, weighted according to the
respective frequency of publication.

Overall sales of general-interest magazines, including
membership and club magazines, was 91.0 million
copies per publication date. Compared to the prior-year
figure, this corresponds to a fall of 3.8 %. The number of
IW registered titles was 756 (-2.2 % compared to

the previous year). The demand for general-interest
magazines weighted for their respective publication
frequencies declined by 5.7 %.


--- Page 14 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Business performance

In January 2017, the Awin Group (previously Zanox
Group), which is majority owned by Axel Springer, ac-
quired 100 % of ShareASale, a leading affiliate network
in the USA. Acquisition costs amounted to € 44.4 million
and included, in addition to the purchase price paid

in the year under review, a contingent purchase price
liability of € 9.3 million dependent on the development of
earnings.

In June 2017, Axel Springer Digital Classifieds France
entered into a purchase agreement with the French
media holding company Spir Communication SA for the
purchase of 100 % of the shares of Spir's subsidiary
Concept Multimédia for a purchase price of € 105 million,
taking into consideration purchase price adjustments
which are to be determined on the basis of net debt and
net cash. The transaction was approved by the French
antitrust authorities at the end of January 2018 and com-
pleted in early February. In particular, Concept Multimédia,
headquartered in Aix-en-Provence and Paris, runs under
the core brand of Logic-Immo.com a real estate portal
in France as well as additional online portals for mediation
of luxury real estate and new-build properties.

In July 2017, we signed contracts to sell the new

Axel Springer building under construction and the
Axel-Springer-Passage for a total sale price of € 755
million. The sale of Axel-Springer-Passage, which was
opened in 2004, was completed at the end of 2017 with
payment of the purchase price of € 330 million (before tax
payments of approximately € 80 million) and the hand-
over of the building. The new owners of Axel-Springer-
Passage are Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe V
and QUINCAP Investment Partners. We will continue to
use the main part of the passage as a tenant until the end
of 2020 after the completion of the sale. The sale of the
Axel Springer new building to a company of the Norwe-
gian state fund Norges Bank Real Estate Management

is subject to the completion of the construction project
(total investment volume of around € 300 million). The
purchase price is € 425 million (before tax payments of
about € 30 million). The sale is expected to be completed

24

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

by the end of 2019. Axel Springer will rent the new
building from 2020 on a long-term basis.

In September 2017, Axel Springer announced that it
would reorganize the publishing structure of its media
brands (including BILD, WELT) as well as the marketing
and sales activities in the German market. In order to
make even better use of the different potential of print
and digital offerings, two separate publishing areas are
created to which the respective brands and teams are
assigned. For this purpose, on the one hand, the digital
activities of the media brands are bundled with digital
marketing, customer service and IT which are part of
Media Impact, and on the other hand the print offers,
including print marketing, print distribution and printing
plants. The reorganization concerns exclusively the pub-
lishing areas, the editors continue to work fully integrated
across all channels - digital, TV and print.

With effect from October 1, 2017, Axel Springer and
United Internet have merged their companies Awin and
affilinet to build a joint affiliate network. Axel Springer
will hereby strengthen its competitive position in the
affiliate marketing sector. Following the transfer of 100%
of the affilinet shares by United Internet to AWIN AG,
United Internet holds 20 % of the Awin Group. Previously,
Axel Springer had taken over the shares still held by
Swisscom Schweiz AG (47.5 %) for a purchase price of
€ 62.4 million under an option agreement. The combi-
nation of the expertise, competences and reach of Awin
and affilinet enables the development of innovative
revenue models in order to increase further growth
potential.

At the end of November 2017, the Bonial Group, which
is majority owned by Axel Springer, announced that it
was Closing its offer in the USA, a website and an app
under the name Retale, as no convincing economic
perspective was foreseeable.


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

In December 2017, Axel Springer and Télévision
Frangaise 1 (TF1) signed an option agreement and in
January 2018 signed an agreement to sell Axel Springer's
interest in the French aufeminin Group at a price of

€ 38.74 per share. This was equivalent to a premium of
45.7 % on the closing price on December 8, 2017. Axel
Springer's 78.43 % stake was therefore valued at € 286.1
million, plus a monthly interest payment until completion of
the transaction. After carrying out a works council consul-
tation as pertaining to French Law, the parties then
concluded an appropriate purchase agreement at the
beginning of January 2018. Completion of the transaction
requires approval by the relevant antitrust authorities.

In Slovakia, the acquisition of Autobazar.eu, the leading
car section portal in Slovakia, and TopReality.sk, a
leading Slovak real estate portal, was completed in
December 2017. In addition, the sale of the
newspaper and magazine portfolio, including the
associated online offers, is scheduled for the middle

of the year 2018 and should be completed with the
approval of the relevant authorities.

At the beginning of January 2018, we transferred the
Axel Springer high-rise building in Berlin to Axel
Springer Pensionstreuhandverein, thereby increasing
plan assets to cover our pension obligations by approxi-
mately € 140 million. As part of a long-term lease, we will
continue to use the property as headquarters.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Overall statement of the Executive
Board on the course of business and
economic environment

Digitization continues to be the defining trend for the
economic environment for media companies. This
reflects the development of the Axel Springer Group
segments. While the two fully digitized segments
Classifieds Media and Marketing Media registered
significant organic revenue growth, revenues in the News
Media segment were only slightly above the previous
year's level due to the higher proportion of structurally
declining print business. Business performance was also
influenced by acquisitions in digital business models and
by an active portfolio management. The overall positive
development in the financial year confirms our strategy of
rigorously digitizing the company.


--- Page 16 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial performance, liquidity and financial position

Financial performance of the Group

In the reporting year, revenues of € 3,562.7 million were
8.3% above the prior-year figure (€ 3,290.2 million). The
development of revenue was driven primarily by the
good operational development of our activities. In addi-
tion, consolidation effects, mainly due to the inclusion of
eMarketer and DanCenter (previously Land & Leisure),
had an impact. Overall, currency effects had an opposite
effect. Adjusted for consolidation and currency effects,
total revenues rose by 6.3%.

Organic revenue development for digital media is

illustrated in the table below. Consolidation and currency
effects have been adjusted.

Revenue Development Digital Media, Organic

yoy 2017 2016
Digital Media 12.5% 10.7%
Classifieds Media 127% 125%
News Media 12.0% 147%
Marketing Media 12.4% 75%

International revenues increased by 12.5 % from
€ 1,564.3 million to € 1,759.8 million. The share of Axel
Springer's revenues increased from 47.5% to 49.4%.

Advertising revenues increased by 13.4% to

€ 2,521.3 million (PY: € 2,223.1 million), due to a
positive development of all three operating segments. In
addition, particularly consolidation effects from the ac-
quisition of DanCenter (previously Land & Leisure) in the
Classifieds Media and the merger of Awin and affilinet, as
well as the acquisition of ShareASale in the Marketing
Media segment had an impact. Adjusted for consoli-
dation and currency effects, advertising revenues within
the Group increased by 10.8%. Advertising revenues as
a proportion of total revenues were 70.8% (PY: 67.6%).
Of the total advertising revenues, 87.1% were generated
by digital activities.

The decline in circulation revenues by 2.1% from

€ 646.9 million to € 633.0 million, was due to market
conditions. Although digital circulation revenues continued
to increase significantly, they were not yet able to fully
compensate for the decline in circulation revenues in
printed publications. Circulation revenues as a proportion
of total revenues were 17.8% (PY: 19.7 %).

Other revenues amounting to € 408.3 million were 2.8 %
below the prior-year figure of € 420.2 million. Deconsoli-
dation effects, in particular from the sale of Poliris and
Smarthouse, had an impact. Adjusted for consolidation
and currency effects, the decline was reduced to 0.8%.
Overall, other revenues represented a share of 11.5%
(PY: 12.8 %) of total revenues.

Other operating income amounted to € 317.3 million
(PY: € 339.9 million) and was mainly impacted in the
reporting year by the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage in
Berlin (€ 200.5 million) and effects from the revaluation of
contingent considerations (€ 56.6 million). In the previous
year, in addition to income in connection with the estab-
lishment of Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG (€ 102.2
million) and the sale of CarWale (€ 83.3 million), income
from the sale of our real estate in Hamburg (€ 71.3 million)
was included.

Changes in inventories and other internal costs
capitalized amounted to € 87.7 million (PY: € 82.6 million)
in the reporting year and continued to relate mainly to
comprehensive IT development projects for the develop-
ment and expansion of our digital business models.

Compared to the prior-year period, total expenses
increased by 7.8% to € 3,402.0 million (PY: € 3,155.5
million).

The increase in purchased goods and services of
8.2% to € 1,051.4 million (PY: € 971.5 million) mainly
relates to the Awin Group and, in addition to an increase
due to increasing revenues, resulted in particular from the
acquisition of affilinet during the reporting year. The ratio of
purchased goods and services to total revenues remains
unchanged compared to the previous year at 29.5 %.


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The increase in personnel expenses by 9.3% to

€ 1,202.1 million (PY: € 1,100.1 million) is mainly due to
an increase in personnel in the digital business models,
effects from the acquisition of subsidiaries, as well as
higher expenses for restructuring measures and long-term
compensation programs. The average number of employ-
ees grew by 3.3% to 15,836 in 2017.

Depreciation, amortizations, and impairments
amounted to € 236.1 million, and remained at the prior-
year level (€ 232.6 million). Increased depreciation and
amortization due to high investments in intangible assets
was Offset by slightly lower depreciation, amortization and
impairments from purchase price allocations.

Other operating expenses increased by 7.1% to
€ 912.4 million (PY: € 851.2 million), mainly due to the
inclusion of acquired subsidiaries.

Income from investments amounted to € —39.0 million
(PY: € 40.2 million) and was impacted in the reporting year
by impairments of financial assets, in particular of our
share in Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG. In the previous
year, income from investments was particularly influenced
by effects from the contribution of our intererst in Thrillist
and NowThis into the non-controlling interest in Group
Nine Media. The operating income from investments
included in EBITDA amounted to € 16.0 million

(PY: € 18.7 million).

The financial result was € - 18.4 million and slightly
above the prior-year level (PY: € —21.4 million).

Income taxes amounted to € — 130.2 million

(PY: € - 126.1 million) at the end of the reporting period.
The tax rate of 25.6 % (PY: 21.9%) was characterized in
the reporting year by the release of deferred taxes due to
changes in tax rates, particularly in the USA. In the previ-
ous year, the tax rate was lower — as a consequence of
the largely tax-neutral income in connection with the es-
tablishment of Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG and the
lower taxed income from the sale of CarWale.

27

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Compared with the prior year, adjusted EBITDA rose by
8.5% to € 645.8 million (PY: € 595.5 million). The adjust-
ed EBITDA margin is the same as in the previous year at
18.1%. Adjusted EBITDA of digital media increased
by 23.3% from € 472.1 million to € 582.0 million. Based
on the operating business, the digital business share in
adjusted EBITDA was 80.0% (PY: 72.5%). Due to an
increase in depreciation and amortization, adjusted EBIT
increased by 7.0% compared with the prior year to

€ 504.0 million (PY: € 471.1 million).

Net income of the Group developed as follows:

Net Income”

€ millions 2017 2016 Change
Net income 378.0 450.0  -16.0%
Non-recurring effects -117.0 -234.6 -
Depreciation, amortization, and

impairments of purchase price

allocations 94.2 108.3 -13.0%
Taxes attributable to these

effects -27.8 -23.8 -
Net income, adjusted” 327.5 299.9 9.2%
Attributable to non-controlling

interest 474 40.4 16.6%
Adjusted net income? from

continuing operations

attributable to shareholders of

Axel Springer SE 280.4 259.5 8.1%
Earnings per share, adjusted

(ner? 2.60 241 8.1%
Eamings per share (in €)" 3.19 3.94 -19.1%

+) Continuing operations, for the portion attributable to discontinued operations see
notes to the consolidated financial statements under note (2d)

®) Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators on page 33.

® Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period
(107.9 millon; PY: 107.9 million)

Non-recurring effects included income from the sale,

i.e. contribution of business units and real estate

of € 172.4 million (PY: € 290.9 million), in particular in
connection with the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage in
Berlin (PY: effects from the establishment of Ringier Axel
Springer Schweiz AG, the sale of CarWale, as well as the
disposal of the remaining part of the office building com-
plex at the Hamburg site). In addition, impairment losses
of € — 55.5 million on investments were included


--- Page 18 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

(PY: € - 3.0 million), mainly related to our interest in
Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG, effects from the
subsequent valuation of contingent considerations from
options for the acquisition of non-controlling interests of
€ 34.9 million (PY: Expense of € -29.7 million), as well
as other effects from initial consolidations of € - 14.6
million (PY: € —20.0 million), which mainly resulted from
acquisition costs and further effects from purchase price
allocations. Expenses of € -20.2 million (PY: € -3.5
million) related to the long-term Executive Board
remuneration program (LTIP) were adjusted.

Financial perfomance of the operating
segment

Classifieds Media

In the Classifieds Media all business models are
summarized, which generate their revenues mainly in the
online classifieds business. The segment is sub-divided
into Jobs, Real Estate, and General/Other.

Key Figures Classifieds Media

€ millions 2017 2016 Change
Revenues 1,007.7 879.5 14.6%
Advertising revenues 990.4 858.5 15.4%
Other revenues: 17.3 20.9 -17.1%
Jobs 473.2 410.0 15.4%
Real Estate 290.1 270.7 7.2%
General/Other 244.4 198.8 23.0%
EBITDA, adjusted") 413.2 354.6 16.5%
Jobs 197.3 175.8 12.2%
Real Estate 146.2 121.5 20.4%
General/Other 78.1 64.9 20.3%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 41.0% 40.3%
Jobs 41.7% 42.9%
Real Estate 50.4% 44.9%
General/Other 32.0% 32.7%

") Segment EBITDA, adjusted includes non-allocated costs of € 8.5 million
(PY.: €7.6 milion)

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Revenues in the Classifieds Media segment increased
compared to the prior-year period by 14.6 % to € 1,007.7
million (PY: € 879.5 million). The deciding factor in parti-
cular was again a very significant operational improvement,
especially for the job and real estate portals. In addition,
consolidation effects had a particular effect due to the
inclusion of the DanCenter Group (previously Land &
Leisure Group) in the subsegment General/Other. The
organic increase in revenues, i.e. adjusted for consolida-
tion and currency effects was 12.7 %. The currency effects
mainly pertained to the job portal activities in the UK. The
job portals achieved a revenue increase of 15.4%, organi-
cally they increased by 17.0%. Once again, business in
continental Europe primarily contributed to this growth,
but activities in the UK also slightly accelerated their
growth. The real estate portals showed an increase of
7.2%. Consolidation effects from the sale of the software
business at SeLoger in the previous year had a positive
effect here. Organically, growth was at 10.8%. The
strongest growth was recorded in the Immowelt group. In
the subsegment General/Other, the revenue increase of
23.0% was primarily due to consolidation effects in the
@Leisure group. Organically, revenues increased by 6.3%.

The adjusted EBITDA of the segment increased consider-
ably by 16.5% to € 413.2 million (PY: € 354.6 million). A
significant part of this increase can be attributed to opera-
tional improvements in earnings. Organically, i.e. adjusted
for consolidation and currency effects, the increase was at
14.7%. The margin of 41.0% was slightly higher than the
prior-year value (40.3%). The adjusted EBITDA for the job
portals increased by 12.2% compared to the prior year.
As in the case of revenues, the increase is primarily at-
tributable to business in continental Europe. The earnings
decline in the UK business of the StepStone Group is
attributable, among other things, to investments in improv-
ing its market position. Real estate portals recorded an
adjusted EBITDA increase of 20.4 %, mainly due to im-
provements in earnings at the Immowelt Group. The in-
crease in adjusted EBITDA of 20.3 % in the subsegment
General/Other was mainly attributable to consolidation
effects in the @Leisure Group. Organically, the increase
was 8.5%.


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The adjusted EBIT in the Classifieds Media segment in-
creased by 13.6% from € 317.6 million to € 361.0 million.
Depreciation, amortization and impairments / write-ups
increased by 41.1 % to € 52.2 million (PY: € 37.0 million).

News Media

The News Media segment mainly comprises the BILD and
WELT Group in the national segment, and in the interna-
tional area particularly the digital media offerings in Europe
and the USA.

Key Figures News Media

€ millions 2017 2016 Change
Revenues 1,509.8 1,481.6 1.9%
Advertising revenues 666.1 617.2 7.9%
Circulation revenues. 633.1 646.8 -2.1%
Other revenues 210.6 217.7 -3.2%
National 1,109.2 1,142.4 -2.9%
Advertising revenues 448.3 441.0 1.7%
Circulation revenues. 504.7 539.6 -6.5%
Other revenues 156.2 161.8 -3.5%
International 400.7 339.2 18.1%
Advertising revenues 217.8 176.2 23.6%
Circulation revenues. 128.4 107.2 19.8%
Other revenues 54.4 55.8 -2.5%
EBITDA, adjusted 218.8 214.4 2.0%
National 164.5 178.0 -7.6%
International 54.3 36.3 49.3%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 14.5% 14.5%
National 14.8% 15.6%

International 13.5% 10.7%

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Revenues in the News Media segment were € 1,509.8
million, which is 1.9% above the prior-year figure

(€ 1,481.6 million). The digital proportion of revenues
was 33.9%. Revenues of News Media National were

€ 1,109.2 million, which is 2.9 % below the prior-year
figure. Here, the digital proportion of revenues is 24.1%.
National advertising revenues increased slightly by 1.7 %,
in the reporting period, supported by a BILD special
issue in the second quarter, strong digital growth and a
slight increase in print advertising revenues in the third
quarter. The national circulation revenues, based on the
general market environment were 6.5 % lower than the
prior-year value. Revenues at News Media International
also increased due to the first-time consolidation of
eMarketer in mid-2016 by 18.1% to € 400.7 million.
Organically, i.e. adjusted for consolidation and currency
effects, they grew by 10.3%. The evolution of digital
offerings continued to be good, with Business Insider
recording strong growth. By contrast, most print
activities were unable to escape the market trend and
achieved revenues below the previous year's level. The
digital proportion of revenues from News Media Interna-
tional was 60.9 %.

The adjusted EBITDA of € 218.8 million was 2.0 %
above the value of the previous year (€ 214.4 million).
International business contributed to the slight increase
in earnings, boosted by the first-time consolidation of
eMarketer since July 2016. Organically, i.e. adjusted for
consolidation and currency effects, EBITDA was 3.2 %
below the prior-year level. The segment's margin
remained stable at 14.5% compared to the same
period last year (14.5 %).

Adjusted EBIT in the News Media segment increased
by 1.1% from € 180.9 million to € 182.9 million.
Depreciation, amortization and impairments / write-ups
increased by 6.9 % from € 33.5 million to € 35.8 million.


--- Page 20 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Marketing Media

In the Marketing Media segment, idealo, aufeminin

and the Bonial Group, among others, are pooled in
the reach-based marketing subsegment, whereas

performance-based marketing consists of the Awin
Group (previously Zanox Group).

Key Figures Marketing Media

€ millions 2017 2016 Change
Revenues 984.5 856.2 15.0%
Advertising revenues 864.7 747.4 15.7%
Other revenues 119.8 108.7 10.2%
Reach Based Marketing 314.7 288.7 9.0%
Performance Marketing 669.9 567.4 18.1%
EBITDA, adjusted” 95.6 82.2 16.3%
Reach Based Marketing 71.2 65.5 88%
Performance Marketing 32.4 25.5 27.4%
EBITDA margin, adjusted 9.7% 9.6%
Reach Based Marketing 22.6% 22.7%
Performance Marketing 48% 45%

1) Segment EBITDA, adjusted includes non-allocated costs of € 8.1 million
(PY: €8.7 milion).

Revenues in the Marketing Media segment increased

by 15.0% to € 984.5 million (PY: € 856.2 million). In
addition to a still very good operating performance, the
consolidation of Awin and affilinet in Performance
Marketing intensified in the fourth quarter. Organically,

i. e. adjusted for consolidation and currency effects,

the increase was 12.4%. Revenues in Reach Based
Marketing increased by 9.0% to € 314.7 million.
Adjusted for consolidation and currency effects, which
resulted in particular from the sale of Smarthouse Media
in the previous year, organic growth was 12.0%.
Revenues in Performance Marketing increased by 18.1%
to € 669.9 million. Revenue growth had already been
positively impacted by the first-time consolidation of
ShareASale since the beginning of 2017, and was further

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

intensified in the last quarter of the reporting year by the
merger between Awin and affilinet in October. Organic
growth was at 12.7%.

The adjusted EBITDA in the segment of € 95.6 million
was 16.3% above the prior-year value (€ 82.2 million).
Earnings declines in the Bonial and aufeminin groups
were more than compensated by improvements in other
activities. In organic terms, too, the segment achieved an
adjusted EBITDA improvement and increased by 8.4 %.
Due to revenue growth, especially in the subsegment
Performance Marketing, the return for the segment
remained more or less stable at 9.7 % (PY: 9.6 %)
despite the earnings growth.

The adjusted EBIT in the Marketing Media segment
increased by 14.9% from € 67.4 million to € 77.4 million.
Depreciation, amortization and impairments / write-ups
increased by 22.6 % to € 18.2 million (PY: € 14.8 million).

Services/Holding

Group services, which also include the three domestic
printing plants, as well as holding functions, are reported
within the Services/Holding segment. The services of the
Group Services are procured by in-house customers at
normal market prices.

Key Figures Services/Holding

€ millions 2017 2016 Change
Revenues 60.7 72.9 -16.8%
EBITDA, adjusted -81.7 -55.7

Revenues in the Services/Holding segment decreased
by 16.8% due to market conditions compared to the
comparable prior-year period, and amounted to € 60.7
million (PY: € 72.9 million).


--- Page 21 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The adjusted EBITDA with € -81.7 million was below the
level of the previous year (€ -55.7 million). This develop-
ment was driven by a number of factors, including higher
stock option costs, higher restructuring expenses, as well
as lower revenues in the structurally declining business of
printing plants.

The adjusted EBIT in the Services/Holding segment
amounted to € —117.4 million (PY: € -94.8 million).
Depreciation, amortization and impairments / write-ups
of € 35.7 million were slightly below the prior-year value
(€ 39.0 million).

Liquidity

Financial Managment

As a general rule, Axel Springer SE provides all financing
for the Axel Springer Group. This arrangement ensures
that the Group companies have sufficient liquidity at all
times. The overriding goal of financial management is to

provide cost-effective liquidity in the form of maturity-
matched financing.

Net Liquidity/Debt

€ millions 2017 2016
Cash and cash equivalents 216.8 224.4
Financial liabilities 1,237.0 1,259.3
Net liquidity/debt” -1,020.2  - 1,035.2

+ Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators on page 33.

In order to optimize our financing conditions, in May
2017, we improved the average rate of interest,
extended the average term and significantly increased
the financing volumes through the partial termination,
transformation and subscription of our existing
Schuldschein (promissory note). In this context, the long-
term credit lines drawn down were repaid; furthermore,
two promissory notes with floating interest rates were
repaid prematurely.

31

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

As at December 31, 2017, there were now promissory
notes totaling € 879.0 million (December 31, 2016:

€ 580.5 million) with a term to April 2018 (€ 70.5 million),
to October 2018 (€ 104.0 million), to October 2020

(€ 69.0 million), to May 2021 (€ 11.5 million), to May
2022 (€ 158.0 million), to May 2023 (€ 72.0 million) and
to May 2024 (€ 394.0 million). In addition, we can avail
ourselves of long-term credit lines of € 1,200.0 million
(PY: € 1.500,0 million), the drawdown of which will be
due for repayment in July 2020. Both the Schuldschein
and the credit facilities may be used either for general
business purposes or for financing acquisitions. As of,
December 31, 2017, € 365.0 million (December 31,
2016: € 680.0 million) of the existing long-term credit
facility (€ 1,200.0 million; PY: € 1,500.0 million) had been
utilized. Short-term and long-term credit facilities that
were not utilized amounted to € 855.0 million as of the
balance sheet date (December 31, 2016: € 840.0 million).

Cashflows

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2017 2016
Cash flow from continuing operations 490.7 358.8
Cash flow from investing activities -194.5 -94.3
Cash flow from financing activities -2817 -299.9
Change in cash and cash equivalents 145 -35.4
Cash and cash equivalents as of

December 31 216.8 224.1

Cash flow from operating activities in the reporting period
was € 490.7 million and therefore significantly above the
value for the prior-year period (€ 358.8 million). This
development was due in particular to the positive devel-
opment of operating earnings. In addition, the increase
resulted from payments from long-term compensation
programs and restructuring programs that were lower
than in the previous year, as well as from tax refunds
received in the reporting period.


--- Page 22 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The cash flow from investing activities amounted to
€-194.5 million (PY: € —94.3 million). At the end of
December 2017, the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage
in Berlin was completed, the purchase price of € 330.0
million was collected and the related tax payments of

€ 79.9 million were made. Investments in intangible
assets and property, plant and equipment increased in
particular as a result of the new building in Berlin (on the
total investment volume and the sale of the new building
after completion see page 24). Payments (less cash
acquired) for the acquisition of shares in consolidated
subsidiaries and business units were mainly due to the
acquisition of ShareASale and the cash outflows related
to the exercise of options to acquire non-controlling
interests in Immoweb, Onet and My Little Paris. In the
previous year, payments were made in connection

with the sale of the remaining part of the office building
complex at the location in Hamburg, payments were
received from the early repayment of the vendor loan
granted to FUNKE Mediengruppe, payments were re-
ceived in connection with the sale of 2.3% of our share
in Dogan TV Holding and the purchase price (less taxes)
from the sale of our shares in CarWale. In addition to
investments in intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment in the previous year, these payments were
offset by payments (less cash acquired) for the acquisi-
tion of shares in consolidated subsidiaries and business
units (mainly the acquisitions of eMarketer and
DanCenter (previously Land & Leisure) and the exercise
of option rights for the acquisition of the remaining non-
controlling interests in Car & Boat Media.

The cash flow from financing activities of € -281.7
million (PY: € —299.9 million) was characterized in
particular by the payment of the dividend to the share-
holders of Axel Springer SE, payments due to the
exercise of the option rights to acquire remaining
minority interests in Awin, the reorganization of our
promissory notes and the repayment and reduction of
our credit line in connection with this.

32

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial position

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2017 12/31/2016
Non-current assets 4,994.1 5,393.0
Current assets 1,441.5 1,063.2
Assets 6,435.6 6,456.2
Equity 2,801.5 2,638.6
Non-current liabilities 2,036.1 2,427.2
Current liabilities 1,598.0 1,390.4
Equity and liabilities 6,435.6 6,456.2

The development of non-current assets resulted in
particular from the reduction in intangible assets

(€ -257.9 million) and property, plant and equipment

(€ -67.5 million). Due to the expected sale of the
aufeminin Group in the first half of 2018 and the sale of
the print activities in Slovakia in the middle of the year
2018, the assets and liabilities to be disposed of were
reported separately as held for sale. In addition, the sale
of the Axel-Springer-Passage Berlin was completed at
the end of December 2017, and carrying amounts of

€ 104.8 million (property, plant and equipment) and

€ 29.8 million (investment property) were derecognized.
The sale was made for a purchase price payment of

€ 330.0 million. At the same time, financial assets were
reduced by € 36.5 million, which was mainly due to the
impairment of our investment in Ringier Axel Springer
Schweiz AG as a result of the development of earnings.
In contrast, the first-time consolidation of the companies
ShareASale and affilinet, which were acquired in the
reporting year, had a positive effect.

The development of current assets was characterized by
the reclassification of the assets held for sale of the
aufeminin Group and the print activities in Slovakia.


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The increase in equity resulted mainly from the generated
net income. In addition, in connection with the acquisi-
tion of 100 % of the affilinet shares against the granting
of 20% non-controlling interests in the already fully
consolidated Awin Group (including affilinet), the non-
controlling interests were increased. In addition to the
dividend payments to the shareholders of Axel Spring-
er SE and other shareholders, the effects of currency
translation of consolidated financial statements also had
a reducing effect. The equity ratio increased to 43.5%
(PY: 40.9%).

The development of non-current liabilities was character-
ized by the reclassification of short-term promissory
notes and the decline in deferred tax liabilities, mainly
due to the sale of the Axel-Springer-Passage in Berlin,
changes in tax rates, particularly in the USA, and the
reclassification of the aufeminin Group's liabilities and
print activities in Slovakia as held for sale. In addition,
other liabilities from agreed option rights decreased

due to revaluation effects and the premature exercise of
option rights to acquire non-controlling interests in

My Little Paris.

The development of short-term debt was due in particular
to the reclassification of short-term promissory notes and
the reclassification of the liabilities held by the aufeminin
Group and the print activities in Slovakia as held for sale.
In addition, the recognition of short-term debt decreased
mainly due to cash outflows related to the exercise of the
option to acquire non-controlling interests in Immoweb
(14.5% of 20.0%), Onet (25%) and Awin (47.5 %).

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Explanations with respect to the relevant
key performance indicators

In accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), the performance indicators used in this
Annual Report, adjusted EBITDA (earnings before inter-
est, taxes, depreciation, and amortization), adjusted
EBITDA margin, adjusted EBIT (earnings before interest
and taxes), adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per
share, free cash flow, net debt/liquidity and equity ratio
are undefined performance indicators to be regarded as
additional information.

Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted
EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per
share do not include any non-recurring effects, deprecia-
tion, amortization and impairments from purchase price
allocations and taxes attributable to these items. Non-
recurring effects include effects from the acquisition and
disposal (including contribution) of subsidiaries, business.
units, and investments (including effects from the sub-
sequent valuation of contingent considerations and other
option liabilities for the acquisition of non-controlling
interests), as well as impairment and write-ups of in-
vestments, effects from the sale of real estate, impair-
ments, and write-ups of real estate used for own opera-
tional purposes, plus expenses related to the long-term
incentive plan for the current Executive Board members
(LTIP) granted at the beginning of May 2016. Purchase
price allocation effects include the expenses of amortiza-
tion, depreciation, and impairments of intangible assets,
and property, plant, and equipment from the acquisition
of companies and business units.


--- Page 24 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The adjusted EBITDA margin is the ratio between the
adjusted EBITDA to revenues. The reconciliation of net
income to adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT results
from the Group segment reporting. The financial perfor-
mance of the Group contains the reconciliation of net
income to the adjusted net income as well as the deter-
mination of the adjusted earnings per share.

The free cash flow results from the cash flow from
operating activities less investments in intangible assets,
property, plant and equipment, and investment property
(capital expenditures), plus payments received for the
disposal of intangible assets, property, plant and
equipment and investment property. These partial
amounts are stated separately in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows. Net debt/-liquidity is the
balance of cash and cash equivalents and financial
liabilities.

The equity ratio reflects the ratio between equity and the
balance sheet total as of the respective balance sheet
date.

We regard adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin,
adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income and adjusted
earnings per share as a suitable indicator for measuring
the operating performance of Axel Springer, as these
measures ignore effects that do not reflect Axel Springer's
fundamental business performance.

To assess our Group’s current financing and capital
structure as well as the future financing volume, we
regard free cash flow, net debt/liquidity, and equity

ratio to be suitable performance indicators.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Axel Springer employed an average of 15,836

(PY: 15,323) employees in the reporting year (excluding
vocational trainees and journalism students/interns). The
slight increase of 3.3 % is mainly attributable to acquisi-
tions and organic increase in personnel in the Classifieds
Media and Marketing Media segments. Abroad, Axel
Springer had an average of 7,425 employees (PY: 6,877);
this corresponds to a share of 46.9% (PY: 44.9%). The
group employed an average of 6,981 women and 8,854
men. The proportion of women increased to 44.1%

(PY: 43.5 %). The number of editors remained stable at
2,867 (PY: 2,888). In contrast, the number of employees
increased by 5.1% to 12,397, mainly due to the expan-
sion of digital business activities and new investments.

Employees by Segments

Average number per year 2017 2016 Change
Classifieds Media 4,431 4,005 10.6%
News Media 6,959 6,981 -03%
Marketing Media 2,822 2,640 69%
Services/Holding 1,623 1697 -4.4%
Group 15,836 15,323 3.3%

The annual average increase in the number of employees
in the Classifieds Media segment was due to acquisitions,
but above all due to organic growth, especially in the
subsegments Jobs and General/Other. In the Marketing
Media segment, the increase resulted from the inorganic
growth of the Awin Group, driven by ShareASale and
affilinet, as well as from organic growth of the Bonial and
the idealo Group. The decline in the News Media and
Services/Holding segments is mainly attributable to

Staff reductions in offset printing plants, newspaper
distribution, staff catering and event management.


--- Page 25 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Length of service and age structure

As of the reporting date in 2017, the average length of
service with Axel Springer was 10.1 (PY: 10.1) years;
42.4 % (PY: 43.8 %) of the workforce belonged to the
Group for more than ten years. More than half of all
employees are between 30 and 49 years old. The
proportion of severely disabled employees in the German
companies averaged 3.7 % for the year (PY: 3.7 %).

Equal opportunities and diversity

In 2010, Axel Springer launched the initiative "Chancen:
gleichl!". The aim was to increase the diversity and
balance of women and men in leadership positions. At
the end of 2016, a first milestone was reached: The
proportion of women in management positions of 16 %
in 2010 was almost doubled. As at December 31, 2017,
the share within the Group was 32 %. This share should
be further increased. In order to achieve this, the follow-
ing topics should be in focus: Creating the best possible
conditions for reconciling family life and work, promoting
the potential of young women and developing a modern
and attractive corporate culture. From this, concrete
measures were derived, among others, systematic talent
development with modules such as succession planning,
talent development programs, mentoring and coaching.

Axel Springer is committed to diversity and tolerance -
based on nationality, age, gender, sexual orientation,
physical ability and religion. Out of this conviction,
numerous networks have been established; for example,
parent networks, networking for tech-women, cross-
company mentoring exclusively for women, and the
LGBT network “queer: seite!". This is also supported, for
example, by the annual participation of the Executive
Board in Berlin's Christopher Street Day.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Human resources development

Our department for human resources development has
consistently aligned its qualification activities in recent
years with the requirements of digitization. In addition to
established seminars and promotional programs, the
range of shorter and unconventional formats has been
greatly expanded, which in addition to the mere transfer
of knowledge, leads to greater interlinking among each
other. In this context, the collaboration platform
moveoffice (Office 365) was introduced at Axel Springer
and rolled out throughout the whole company.
Networking, simultaneous and location-independent
work in a team, open communication but also the shar-
ing of knowledge are thus supported and promoted.
Human resources development thus pursues the goal of
developing Axel Springer into a permanent “learning
organization" that copes well with change processes.
With the Talent Management division, Axel Springer is
investing in the development and retention of high
potentials. Through network events and so-called talent
dialogues at division and board levels, the Group creates
transparency in terms of talent, development oppor-
tunities and vacancies within the Axel Springer family.
Increasing synergies, sharing knowledge between Axel
Springer family companies, teaching new knowledge
content, and guiding teams to adopt new work tech-
niques such as agile process work are equally important.

Research and development

Axel Springer does not operate a research and devel-
opment department in the sense of an industrial enter-
prise. All areas of the company are optimizing existing
Offerings and working to establish innovative products in
the market. Above all, this means that we are continually
expanding our range of services through innovations in
the digital business, developing editorial content and
expanding our journalistic excellence. In doing so, we
attach great importance to the early consideration of the
changing use of media. In addition to our investments in
companies in an early stage of development, we capital-
ized internal costs of € 87.0 million relating to IT devel-
opment projects for the expansion of our digital business
models in the financial year. We also reported € 59.3
million as planned depreciation, amortization and


--- Page 26 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

impairments on software and technologies that were
developed in-house.

Further development of Classifieds Media

The development of new offers plays an important role in
the Classifieds Media segment. The following examples
illustrate this:

The core technology of the StepStone platform, the so-
called Search & Match algorithm, is being continuously
developed further and consistently implemented at newly
acquired companies. StepStone has also introduced
rating capabilities for employers and wages, further
increasing its relevance to job seekers. Within the
StepStone Group, Good & Co has developed a
personality test via App. Using the knowledge gained
from this, the job seeker can get an impression of how
far his or her value orientation fits into a specific
company or, depending on data availability, even toa
specific department. With StepWeb, StepStone is devel-
oping a technology that aggregates publicly available
data from job seekers to create a holistic profile. This
enables companies to search for potential candidates
and to actively approach them. The technology comple-
ments StepStone Group's existing resume databases,
which are used in the UK in particular.

SeLoger has developed a range of offerings that build on
the company's database and add value to the customer
through algorithm-based processes. Thus, LaCotelmmo,
as part of the SeLoger Group, offers the potential seller
of a property an opportunity to have an indicative sale
price. The intended audience generated by the product
is of interest to agents, who can increase the likelihood
of winning sales mandates through advertising in this
environment. Likewise, Enriched Contacts provides
SeLoger with an opportunity to assist agents with a
scoring system particular to look after prospective
buyers, where the probability is considered particularly
high that the advertised property fits their previous
search behavior and the prospect is in an intense phase
of its search process. LaCentrale, our car portal in
France, has developed a platform with MaVoitureCash
that allows private car dealers to have their vehicle rated
online while also showing dealers interested in the car.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The very accurate initial pricing is based on the excellent
quality and quantity of data from LaCentrale, with which
damage and defects can be priced in directly. Yad2, our
generalist classifieds portal in Israel, has implemented
high-quality 3D and virtual reality tours for its real estate
business. These provide a complete visualization of the
respective property. The new offerings allow potential
buyers to virtually browse their future property. In
particular, real estate developers who, unlike sellers of
existing real estate, cannot offer on-site visits, have the
opportunity to market new construction projects in less
time and at lower cost.

Further development of News Media

Our journalistic products, both digital and printed, were
consistently expanded in the reporting year. In the digital
domain, we have made progress on the product and
technology side. BILD and WELT work together with
Facebook and Google on innovative approaches for
platform-based paid content. The introduction of
FITBOOK and NOIZZ brought innovative content models
to the German market. WELT.de is now the fastest news
website in Germany (based on loading speed). At the
same time, our joint venture Verimi continues to work on
a single sign-on process for all companies involved in
Verimi in order to make the use of Internet services sig-
nificantly easier and safer in the future. In addition to Axel
Springer, the partners include Allianz, Bundesdruckerei,
Core, Daimler, Deutsche Bank and Postbank, Deutsche
Lufthansa, Deutsche Telekom, Giesecke + Devrient and
Here Technologies. In the print sector, we have launched
“die dame" (The Lady) in Germany as an innovative,
high-quality print lifestyle magazine on the market. In the
sports segment we successfully introduced the BIKE
BILD. In addition, FUSSBALL BILD was launched in
January 2017 throughout Germany as an innovative
content syndication model.


--- Page 27 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Further development of Marketing Media

In the area of Marketing Media, the existing online ser-
vices are continuously being developed and supple-
mented by new ones. The development of innovative
product functionalities and marketing technologies to
increase range and use of offers and their monetization
have a high priority for our investments. In addition, in the
early stage, we invest in young companies that are de-
veloping new business models and technologies, either
as direct investments or indirectly through investment
companies such as Project A-Ventures, in which Axel
Springer and the Otto Group are both involved, or the
start-up accelerator recently founded together with Por-
sche to support digital business ideas with high market
potential.

Sustainability and social responsibility

For Axel Springer, sustainability means linking economic
success with ecologically sound and socially balanced
action. These three criteria are an integral part of the
corporate strategy. Hence, sustainability is integrated
into the business processes. The Sustainability Depart-
ment accompanies respective activities throughout the
company - from measures to improve resource efficiency
to social engagement initiatives. The department falls
under the responsibility of the Chairman of the Executive
Board. With our sustainability strategy, we take respon-
sibility for present and future generations and create the
basis for long-term business success.

Axel Springer had already started to publish environmen-
tal reports in the mid-1990s, and since 2000 publishes.
sustainability reports. Since 2005 we have been publish-
ing a sustainability report on a biannual basis, which
follows the full list of indicators in the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI), the internationally relevant format for sus-
tainability reporting. The Sustainability Report 2016/2017
is also prepared in accordance with the Sustainability
Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative
(GR).

37

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

The topics of the report are determined in advance by
market research and stakeholder surveys - those groups
that have a legitimate interest in the company, be it em-
ployees, customers or non-governmental organizations.
The result: Above all, information on product responsibil-
ity, customer satisfaction, journalistic independence,
employer attractiveness, compliance with social and
ecological standards as well as the company's ability to
innovate was in demand. The report also provides trans-
national figures on energy use and the calculated CO2
emissions.

The sustainability reports of Axel Springer are audited by
independent auditors. The current sustainability report
was published in November 2016 and is available at
www.sustainability.axelspringer.com. The next sustaina-
bility report will be published in mid-2018.

Separate combined non-financial report

Axel Springer SE as well as the Axel Springer Group is
required by Section 289b as well as Section 315b of the
German Commercial Code (HGB) to expand its man-
agement report with a non-financial statement for the
first time for the 2017 financial year. We make use of our
option to publish the non-financial statement at the
statutory deadline of April 30, 2018 and separately from
the combined management report of the Company. This
separate report will be published on our website at
www.axelspringer.de/NonfinancialReport.


--- Page 28 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

General assessment of the company’s
financial performance, liquidity, and
financial position by the Executive
Board

The strategy of digital transformation was also at the fore
during the 2017 financial year, through organic growth
and through acquisitions. Important milestones in the
inorganic growth were the acquisition of the American
affiliate network ShareASale and the merger of Awin with
affilinet in Performance Marketing. Revenues, adjusted
EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, and the adjusted earnings per
share from continuing operations were all above the
prior-year figures. At the end of the reporting year, the
net debt was roughly at the level of the previous year.
With a very strong cash flow, a still solid balance sheet
structure, and the favorable financing options available to
us, we continue to be in a good position to make the
necessary investments to realize future growth.

We continue to believe that the path of systematic digiti-
zation is the right strategy for further improving the com-
pany’s profitability in the future.

Combined Management Report
Economic Report

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

Group Key Figures (in € millions) 2017 2016
Revenues 3,562.7 3,290.2
EBITDA, adjusted" 645.8 595.5
EBITDA margin, adjusted 18.1% 18.1%
EBIT, adjusted’) 504.0 471A
Tax rate 25.6% 21.9%
Net income?) 378.0 450.0
Net income, adjusted” 327.5 299.9
Earnings per share, adjusted (in €))2 2.60 2.41
Dividend per share (in €)" 2.00 1.90
Total dividends 215.8 205.0
Net debt/liquidity”” 1,020.2  -1,035.2
Free cash flow’) 497.4 270.5

+ Explanations with respect to the relevant key performance indicators on page 33.

2) Continuing operations, for the portion attributable to discontinued operations see
notes to the consolidated financial statements under note (2d)

® Calculation based on average weighted shares outstanding in the reporting period
(107.9 million; PY: 107.9 milion).

“The dividend for the financial year 2017 is subject to the condition of approval by
the annual shareholders’ meeting.


--- Page 29 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Economic position of Axel Springer SE

€ millions 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
Revenues 823.2 833.1 925.9 1,174.6 1,442.8
Net income 271.9 296.4 213.5 590.8 186.4
Transfer to retained earnings 56.1 91.4 19.3 412.7 8.3
Total dividends” 215.8 205.0 194.2 178.1 178.1
Dividend per share (in €) 2.00 1.90 1.80 1.80 1.80
1) The dividend for the financial year 2017 is subject to the condition of approval by the annual shareholders’ meeting.
Introductory remarks Financial performance
Axel Springer SE is the parent company of the Axel Income statement (Condensed)
Springer Group. Due to its subsidiaries, which Axel
Springer SE controls directly or indirectly, the business € millions 2017 2016
development is subject to the same risks and oppor- Revenues 823.2 833.1
tunities as the entire Group. These are presented in the Other operating income 313.5 139.5
report on risks and opportunities (see page 42 et segq.). Purchased goods and services 199.9 7208.5
Similarly, the expectations regarding the development

. . Personnel expenses -240.4 -203.9
of Axel Springer SE essentially correspond to the Group

Amortization, depreciation and
expectations described in the forecast report (see impairments of intangible assets and
page 59). property, plant and equipment -19.0 -214
Other operating expenses 422.5 -401.6

The following explanations are based on the annual Net income from non-current financial
fi 5 assets 215.8 233.2
financial statements of Axel Springer SE, which were
prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Net interest income 733.2 730.1
German Commercial Code and the German Stock Income taxes 165.7 ~44.2
Corporation Act. The annual financial statements and Net income 271.9 296.4

management report are published in the German Federal
Gazette and published on the Axel Springer SE website.

Business activity

Axel Springer SE is active in the News Media segment
and publishes mainly nationwide daily and weekly news-
papers. Axel Springer SE, as the parent company of

the Axel Springer Group, carries out holding functions,
manages group-wide liquidity management and
provides additional services to Group companies. The
economic framework conditions of Axel Springer SE
correspond largely to those of the Group and are
described in the economic report (see page 22 et seqq.).

39

Revenues decreased by € 9.9 million or 1.2 % in the
reporting year. Declines in circulation revenues of € 28.1
million were partially offset by increases of advertising
revenues and other revenues of € 8.6 million and € 9.6
million, respectively.

Other operating income increased by € 174.0 million to
€ 313.5 million compared to the previous year. This was
due in particular to higher income from the sale of real
estate. In the reporting year, the Axel-Springer-Passage
in Berlin was sold for a purchase price of € 330.0 million.
The gain on disposal amounted to € 281.8 million. In the
previous year, there was a profit of € 91.2 million from
the sale of the office building in Hamburg.


--- Page 30 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The cost of purchased goods and services fell by € 8.6
million to € 199.9 million, mainly due to lower expenses
for printing services.

Personnel expenses rose to € 240.4 million (PY: € 203.9
million). Higher expenses resulted in particular from the
valuation of share-based payment programs, restructur-
ing measures and pensions. The decline in the average
number of employees by 10.0% from 1,586 in the pre-
vious year to 1,427 in the 2017 financial year had the
opposite effect.

Amortization, depreciation and impairments of intangible
assets and property, plant and equipment remained

€ 2.1 million below the previous year's level at € 19.0
million.

The increase in other operating expenses to € 422.5
million (PY: € 401.6 million) resulted in particular from
higher transaction costs in connection with the sale of
real estate.

Net income from non-current financial assets amounted
to € 215.8 million (PY: € 233.2 million). Higher profit
transfer from subsidiaries (€ 231.0 million; PY: € 207.5
million), was off-set in particular by lower income from
participating interests (€ 16.3 million; PY: € 35.3 million)
and higher impairments of non-current financial assets
(€ 37.2 million; PY: € 18.8 million).

The net interest income for the reporting year was
€-33.2 million (PY: € -30.1 million) and mainly
comprised interest expenses from the utilized revolving
credit facility and the promissory note as well as the
valuation of the pension obligations. The increase
opposite to the previous year mainly resulted from
prepayment fees in connection with the restructuring of
the existing promissory note.

Income taxes amounted to € 165.7 million (PY: € 44.2
million). The increase compared to the previous year was
mainly due to real estate transactions.

The 2017 financial year ended with a net income of
€ 271.9 million (PY: € 296.4 million).

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Liquidity

The net debt (liabilities due to banks and promissory note
less cash and cash equivalents) amounted to € 1,198.8
million as of December 31, 2017 (PY: € 1,242.8 million).

In the reporting year, the financing conditions of our
existing promissory notes were optimized through partial
termination, conversion and redrafting. As of December
31, 2017, there were promissory notes totaling € 879.0
million (PY: € 580.5 million). The long-term revolving
credit facilities were reduced to € 1,200.0 million in the
2017 financial year (PY: € 1,500.0 million) and had been
utilized to € 365.0 million at the balance sheet date

(PY: € 680.0 million).

Financial position

Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2017 12/31/2016

Intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment 153.8 170.7
Non-current financial assets 5,643.5 5,435.2
Receivables from affiliated companies 171.2 186.0
Cash and cash equivalents 45.2 178
Other assets 63.9 98.8
Total assets 6077.6 5,908.5
Equity 2,632.7 2,565.8
Provisions 333.2 266.7
Liabilities due to banks and promissory

note 1,244.0 1,260.6
Liabilities to affiliated companies 1,796.6 1,740.7
Other liabilities mA 747
Total equity and liabil 6077.6 5,908.5



--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The balance sheet total increased by € 169.1 million to
€ 6,077.6 million in the reporting year (PY: € 5,908.5
million). Non-current assets amounted to € 5,797.3
million (PY: € 5,605.9 million) and represented 95.4 %
(PY: 94.9 %) of total assets. 45.4 % (PY: 45.8 %) was
covered by equity.

The decline in intangible assets and property, plant
and equipment of € 16.9 million to € 153.8 million is
attributable in particular to the sale of real estate in the
reporting year.

Non-current financial assets increased by € 208.3
million to € 5,643.5 million. This increase was mainly due
to additional payments in capital reserves of subsidiaries
for financing company acquisitions.

Receivables from affiliated companies (€ 171.2 million;
PY: € 186.0 million) and liabilities to affiliated companies
(€ 1,796.6 million; PY: € 1,740.7 million) resulted mainly
from group-wide liquidity management.

Other assets (€ 63.9 million; PY: € 98.8 million)
decreased mainly due to lower income tax receivables
as at the balance sheet date.

Equity increased by € 66.9 million to € 2,632.7 million
(PY: € 2,565.8 million). The net profit for the reporting
year (€ 271.9 million) more than compensated for the
reduction in equity due to the dividend payment for the
past financial year (€ 205.0 million). The equity ratio at
the balance sheet date remained at 43.3% (PY: 43.4 %)
virtually unchanged.

Provisions grew by € 66.5 million compared with the
previous year's balance sheet date to € 333.2 million
(PY: € 266.7 million). The reason for the increase was
higher pension provisions due to a lower discount rate
and higher obligations from share-based payment
programs.

4

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Profit utilization proposal

The Supervisory Board and Executive Board propose
that the company applies the full amount of the distri-
butable profit of € 215.8 million (PY: € 205.0 million) to
pay a dividend of € 2.00 (PY: € 1.90) per qualifying share
for the 2017 financial year.

The company does not currently hold any treasury
shares, so that all the company’s shares qualify for
dividends. However, the number of shares qualifying for
dividends may be reduced in the time remaining before
the annual shareholders’ meeting. In that case, an
adjusted profit utilization proposal will be submitted to
the annual shareholders’ meeting, without changing the
target dividend of € 2.00 per qualifying share.

Dependency Report

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE submitted the
dependency report prescribed by Section 312 of the
German Stock Corporations Act (Aktiengesetz — AktG)
to the Supervisory Board and made the following
concluding statement:

“According to the circumstances known to the man-
agement at the time of each transaction with an affiliated
company, Axel Springer SE received adequate consider-
ation for every such transaction and did not take, or fail
to take, any actions in the reporting period, either at the
behest or in the interest of the controlling company or a
company affiliated with the controlling company.”


--- Page 32 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Report on risks and opportunities

Risk policy principles and risk strategy

At Axel Springer, we define risks as the possibility of
negative deviations of actual business performance from
the planned targets or objectives, while opportunities
represent the possibility of positive deviations. The risk
policy principles and risk strategy of Axel Springer are
coordinated and closely aligned with the business strat-
egy and business objectives. We do not seek to avoid
risks at all costs, but to carefully weigh the opportunities
and risks associated with our decisions and our business
activities, from a well-informed perspective. Against this
backdrop, opportunities should be exploited to generate
income or increase the company’s value and risks
should be assumed only if they remain within appropriate
limits that are acceptable to the company. Thus, risks
should be limited to a level deemed acceptable by the
company’s management by taking appropriate
measures, be transferred to third parties in full or in part,
or, in those cases where risk mitigation is not considered
advisable, be avoided or monitored closely.

Group-wide risk management system

In this reporting year, we have continued to develop and
expand individual elements of internal corporate monitor-
ing (risk management, compliance management, internal
control and internal auditing) against the background of
national and international requirements, and an increas-
ingly complex and volatile environment of a growing and
globally changing company. One focal point was the
continuous improvement of the quality and completion of
the risk inventory as well as the corresponding control
measures and the integration of new investments and
areas into the existing risk management system. The
general form of structures and processes in the risk
management system at Axel Springer are based on the

42

internationally recognized “Enterprise Risk Management
Framework”, a framework developed by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commis-
sion (COSO), which links the risk management process
with the internal control system. Group-wide coordina-
tion of the systems - risk management, compliance
management and the internal control system as well as
the related reporting — is carried out by the Compliance
division as well as Corporate Audit & Risk Management.

The risk management process at Axel Springer is inter
alia focused in accordance with Section 91 (2) of the
German Stock Corporations Act (AktG) on recognizing
and evaluating all significant and existential risks as well
as essential changes in the risk situation as promptly as
possible. It should therefore be assured that correspond-
ing control and countermeasures can be used in time to
react to such risks. This approach gives us the neces-
sary maneuvering room and allows for the controlled and
responsible management of risks.

Based on the risk management framework developed by
COSO, the risks of Axel Springer are divided into the risk
categories strategic, operative, reporting-relevant and
compliance-related risks. Insofar it is appropriate and
quantifiable, risks are assessed quantitatively with refer-
ence to the parameters “loss amount” (impact) and
“probability of occurrence”. Based on these parameters,
risks are assigned to one of the following risks classes:
critical risks, significant risks, risks to be monitored, and
other risks. In order to achieve a focus on the relevant
and significant risks at the Group level, an annual
materiality limit is defined on the basis of adjusted
EBITDA, from which the grading of the imaged risk
matrix is derived. The materiality threshold at Group level
is currently € 10 million.


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Risk Matrix of Axel Springer SE

Ii Critical Risks
Risks to be Monitored

IB Significant Risks
I other Risks

very
high

50%

high

25%

medium

low

Probability of Oc

very
low

Extent of Damage (€ millions)

very

medium] high high

10

For the purpose of effective management and trans-
parent presentation of the risk situation, all risks record-
ed are assessed both before risk management measures
(gross assessment — inherent risk) and after the
corresponding measures are taken (net assessment —
residual risk).

Whilst overall responsibility for risk management lies with
the full Executive Board, the operational management

of the individual risks falls primarily within the area of
responsibility of the respective company divisions or Axel
Springer investments. This includes the early detection
and identification, assessment, definition of appropriate
measures, the management and monitoring of such
measures and adequate documentation and reporting
processes.

In addition, the respective divisional and senior manage-
ments of our companies are required to participate in the
semi-annual update campaign in addition to the system-
atic, standardized risk-surveying conducted once a year.
Additionally, they have to constantly monitor their area or
company for a changing risk situation. Significant chang-
es in the risk situation must be reported immediately to
central risk management.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

The purpose of the risk inventories and analyses carried
out in the top-down and bottom-up procedures is to
systematically identify and assess cross-company,
cross-divisional and cross-procedural risks in order to
complete the risk inventory and ensure its quality. In the
Governance, Risk & Compliance division, risk manage-
ment activities are coordinated, risks are aggregated up
to the Group level, reported risks are checked in terms of
their plausibility, and the completeness of the required
risk reports is monitored. The division is also responsible
for all supporting measures, such as maintaining the risk
management software, and reporting to the Supervisory
Board and Executive Board.

The semi-annual and ad-hoc risk reports prepared for
the Executive Board and Supervisory Board focus
primarily on existential risks and significant risks of
individual business units and investments, along with the
countermeasures adopted and suitable early warning
indicators, to the extent they are available.

Internal audit system

Group Auditing within Axel Springer SE is organized as a
process-independent staff department, which is under
the control of the full Executive Board in functional terms,
and under the Executive Board member in charge of
Personnel and Finance in disciplinary terms. It provides
consulting and investigations in all Group companies and
divisions in a risk-oriented manner and aligns its activities
with relevant national and international professional
standards.

In particular, Group Auditing has the task of inspecting
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and
control system as well as the compliance management
system based on a risk-oriented inspection plan and to
derive measures for eradicating weaknesses. Implemen-
tation of improvement measures is tracked based on a
systematic process.


--- Page 34 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The results of individual audit or consultancy mandates
are typically reported to the Executive Board and period-
ically summarized to the Audit Committee of the Super-
visory Board.

To ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit system,
a quality assurance and improvement process is set up,
which provides for external quality assessments among
others in accordance with professional guidelines.

Report on the financial reporting related
risk management system and internal

control system pursuant to Section 289
(4) and Section 315 (4) of the
Commercial Code (HGB)

The (consolidated) financial reporting-related risk man-
agement system and the connected internal control
system are important elements of the internal manage-
ment system of Axel Springer SE, which is also based
on the internationally recognized framework of the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) (see page 42). As emphasized in
the concept, the effective interplay of the risk manage-
ment system and internal control system is meant to
ensure the effectiveness and economic efficiency of the
Group’s business activities, as well as the completeness
and reliability of its financial reporting. The (consolidated)
financial reporting related risk management system and
internal control system comprise all organizational
regulations and measures aimed at the detection and
management of risks related to financial reporting. With a
view to the (Group) accounting process, it is intended to
ensure that the Group’s financial reports convey a true
and fair view of the financial position, liquidity, and
financial performance of Axel Springer SE and the Axel
Springer Group, in compliance with all relevant laws,
regulations, and standards. However, even an effective
and therefore adequate and well-functioning risk man-
agement system and internal control system cannot
guarantee the prevention or detection of all irregularities
or inaccurate disclosures.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

We consider the following elements of the risk manage-
ment system and internal control system to be significant
with respect to the (consolidated) financial reporting
process:

™@ Processes for identifying, assessing, and document-
ing all significant financial reporting-related processes
and risk areas, including the corresponding key
controls. Such processes include financial and
accounting systems, as well as administrative and
operational business processes that generate
important information used in the preparation of the
separate and consolidated financial statements,
including the management reports of the parent
company and the Group.

™@ Process-integrated controls (computer-assisted
controls and access restrictions, dual control principle,
functional separation, analytical controls).

™® Standardized financial accounting processes through
the use of an intra-group shared service center for
most consolidated German Group companies.

™ Group-wide directives in the form of accounting guide-
lines, charts of accounts and reporting processes.

® Quarterly communication of information to all consoli-
dated Group companies on current developments re-
lated to accounting, and the process of preparing the
financial statements, as well as reporting deadlines to
be observed.

@ Assuring the requisite expertise of employees involved
in the financial accounting process by means of
appropriate selection procedures and training.

™ Centralized preparation of the consolidated financial
statements (including management report) employing
manual and computer-system controls in respect of
financial reporting-specific connections and depend-
encies.


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

® Protection of financial reporting-related IT systems
against unauthorized access, by means of access
restrictions.

® Monthly internal reports (complete income statement,
statement of financial position, cash flow statement)
and monthly reports on all cost units of the Group,
including analysis and reporting of significant devel-
opments and budget/actual variances.

@ Regular, group-wide reports to the persons
responsible for reporting, the Executive Board and the
Supervisory Board

The effectiveness of the (consolidated) financial report-
ing-related risk management system and internal control
system is systematically reviewed and assessed by
means of periodic control tests. As a process-indepen-
dent staff unit, Group Auditing will inspect at regular
intervals randomly selected elements of the accounting-
related internal control system organized at central level
and in the Group companies, in order to uncover weak-
nesses and thus contribute towards improving the legal
conformity with rules and regulations (compliance).

Both the risk management system and the internal
control system are being continuously refined.

Risk areas

If not stated elsewhere, all risks which have a considera-
ble negative effect on reaching our company-wide tar-
gets will be mentioned in the following. Within the risk
areas described below, risks are typically presented in
the order of their priority for the Group. This method may
be deviated from in order to prevent repetitions and in
the interests of readability.

The risks recorded at the balance sheet date and
described below are primarily based on the 2018
forecast period, unless the risks in question relate to
long-term objectives.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Market and competition risks

Market and competitive risks basically relate to changes
in sales and purchasing conditions as well as the devel-
opment of competing suppliers. Since Axel Springer
operates and acquires globally, a large number of eco-
nomic factors must be taken into account to determine
market risks. Economic forecasts, above all for the im-
portant sales markets of Germany, Europe and the USA,
serve as overarching indicators for assessing market and
competition risks.

Following positive economic growth in the year 2017, the
market development in Germany for 2018 continues to
be very good. The declining global uncertainties of the
past year, a favorable labor market situation and low
unemployment figures are leading to rising private
consumption. In addition, companies benefit from an
investment-friendly interest rate climate and rising
demand, especially from the European and international
economic area.

Also for Europe an increase of the economic situation is
predicted. This economic upturn tends to be distributed
synchronously across the Euro area Member States. The
low level of interest rates throughout Europe is seen as a
key pillar for a sustained good economy. Uncertainties
arise with regard to upcoming political events such as the
UK's exit negotiations or the parliamentary elections in Italy.

A cyclical economic upturn can be recognized world-wide
in almost all major economies and is continuing. However,
countries are in different stages of the business cycle. For
example, the relatively high level of private debt in the US
already points to an excess of the economic peak. Howev-
er, it is unclear how the tax reform initiated by US President
Trump will affect the economy. By contrast, economic
growth in emerging markets is picking up. China, as the
second largest economy in the world, has a decisive share
in this development. The growth of the most important
emerging market is greater than that of the USA. The con-
sequences of the change of government in the US have
not yet assumed the potentially negative impact on the
global economy. However, possible protectionist intentions
as well as political relations with North Korea and Russia
pose risks to international markets.


--- Page 36 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Despite the overall very positive forecasts, the above-
mentioned economic and political framework conditions
must be viewed critically, as negative changes in Axel
Springer's sales markets could lead to revenue reduc-
tions in all segments of the company at national and
international level.

A particular challenge for Axel Springer's digital trans-
formation and expansion is the high dynamics of digital
offers and innovations. Digital technologies have long
since established themselves in private and business
everyday life. The digital transformation is comprehensive,
omnipresent, changing people, society and markets in a
sustainable way. New technologies enable a variety of
innovations that offer good growth opportunities, while at
the same time threatening traditional business models
and forcing companies to fundamentally rethink and
develop their business.

Classifieds & Marketing Media

Our Classifieds Media segment is also continuously
exposed to high market and competitive dynamics,
among others, due to ever shorter innovation cycles and
technological change. Increasing competition threatens to
continue on the part of the world's leading Internet
corporations Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon,
called GAFA for short, which penetrate into new market
segments and may possibly compete with our business
segments. These dominant US companies not only pool
specialized knowledge in their corporations, but also
point the way in the course of digitized globalization.
GAFA dominate the B2C domain on the Internet, e. g.
through its platforms, the business relationships with
retailers on the one hand, and with private persons on the
other, so that hardly any retailer can afford to ignore, for
example, Amazon's marketplace or refrain from integrat-
ing Google or Facebook into its communications and
marketing strategy. However, young companies with
innovative and disruptive technologies or business mod-
els may also pose potential risks, as well as associations
of direct competitors, for example in the field of real es-
tate marketing. In addition, the potential for missing out
on trends, the late introduction of new technologies, as
well as the lack of further development of our own prod-
ucts could increase this risk and, as a result, jeopardize

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

our existing market position. In order to limit the before
mentioned market and competition risks, a systematic
and continuous monitoring of the market and competitive
environment and resulting trends is carried out. Based on
this information, control measures for operational man-
agement are derived. We enhance the attractiveness of
our business models by investing in innovative product
development, the use of new technologies, journalistic
expertise, target-group-oriented marketing and increasing
brand awareness through, for example, TV campaigns.
With these measures, we want to meet the changing
needs of our customers and readers while at the same
time maintaining or expanding our competitive edge. The
acquisition of highly qualified key personnel with appro-
priate expertise and the development of long-term cus-
tomer relationships also reduces risk.

In addition, new business models are constantly being
tested, the digitization of our products promoted, and
our product portfolio supplemented both nationally and
increasingly internationally.

Many of our digital marketing and classifieds offerings
are constantly faced with the risk of a sudden loss of
visibility resulting from the dominance of large internet
search engines. The ever-changing and partly non-
transparent criteria of the search algorithms can have a
significant impact on the current and future revenue
situation. Even small increases and decreases in the
visibility or placement on the results pages can lead to
significant traffic loss and concomitant decline in traffic-
related revenues for certain business models.

We counter this risk by targeting paid ads on search
engine results pages, improving online page structure,
and search engine optimization. At the same time, the
continuous improvement of the attractiveness of our
offerings and the increase of awareness of the brands
and offers of Axel Springer are in the foreground, in order
to make their range and use more independent of offers
of third parties, in particular the search engine visibility.

News Media
Digitization has significantly changed consumer and
reader behavior. The increased importance and use of


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

digital offerings, in particular the digitization of print me-
dia, continues to lead to ongoing revenue reductions in
the area of printed publications. The rapid development
in the performance of mobile devices also drives the
digital transformation and leads to a rapidly increasing
use of the mobile Internet compared to the stationary
one. A further acceleration of this trend or unpredictable
market developments could further increase the already
factored in declines due to the structural change. In the
television news market, too, the changing user behavior
is reflected in the growing demand for video on demand
and mobile services. This, as well as the increasing mar-
ket density results in declining viewership and ultimately
in advertising revenue losses. Falling advertising reve-
nues are compounded by the general economic down-
turn in the TV advertising market.

Our national print business is still confronted with in-
creasing challenges in the marketing environment. In
addition to increasingly specific customer requirements,
the general market and media situation is subject to an
increasing number of competitors and at the same time
a high degree of dynamism. With the marketing alliance
Score Media, a national cross-media newspaper mar-
keter, founded by several newspaper publishers and
media groups, Media Impact, a joint marketing company
with FUNKE media group, has a major counterpart. The
competition for the daily newspaper titles of Axel Spring-
er SE has increased significantly. Price pressure on ad
marketing and the concomitant loss of revenue in the
print sector cannot be ruled out for the coming financial
year either. As a counterweight to Score Media, the
marketing group Red Impact was founded under the
umbrella of Media Impact. This cooperation, which Me-
dia Impact has entered into with other media groups in
order to bundle the marketing of all relevant German
tabloid titles under one roof, enables all participants to
develop further sales potential for their brands in addition
to the already established marketing.

The development of technical expertise helps us to con-
tinue our successful offensive strategy also in the area of
national trade customers. In particular, it focuses on
accompanying important retail customers in their trans-
formation into the digital business.

47

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

In addition to the challenging competitive environment,
our advertising revenues in the print and online sectors
are exposed to the risk that annual contracts with major
agency groups will not be concluded, or only at a lower
volume. Also, the loss of large advertisers due to legal
advertising restrictions or the evasion of significant com-
mercial customers to other forms of advertising such as
television or other online media pose a serious risk.

The marketing of audiovisual content also confronts risks.
Visoon Impact, a company of Axel Springer and Viacom
International Media Networks and active since the begin-
ning of 2016, is responsible for the marketing of audio-
visual content. Should the broadcasting performance of
the clients deteriorate, this means a loss of attractiveness
of the program for the viewers. Ultimately, fewer viewers
lead to significantly lower prices that can be achieved in
the market, even losing their relevance as an advertising
medium.

In order to identify and counteract changing customer
needs at an early stage, we carry out continuous market
analyses and intensify customer service. Organizational
restructuring measures, which primarily serve to
strengthen customer support, also contribute to risk
minimization.

The use of the mobile Internet has accelerated rapidly in
recent years compared to the stationary Internet. The
increasing orientation towards mobile services is risky,
because the traffic in the mobile environment is associat-
ed with lower advertising prices and a lower utilization. In
order to reduce risk, we combine the mobile and sta-
tionary marketing and work on opportunities to attain an
even better monetization of mobile traffic. As a result, a
shift in traffic from stationary to mobile leads, at least
today, to a downward trend in advertising revenues. In a
risk-reducing manner, we hereby exploit technical possi-
bilities, for example by redirecting mobile access to sta-
tionary websites.

The increased availability and, above all, the widespread
use of ad blockers also harbors risks for our digital ad-

vertising revenues by restricting marketing opportunities
in the online advertising market and reducing advertising


--- Page 38 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

effectiveness. Specifically preconfigured browser and
browser add-on programs are called ad blockers, which
prevent the display of advertising on the targeted pages,
both stationary and mobile, and thus have a revenue-
reducing effect. This not only affects our digital payment
offerings, but also our business models for reach market-
ing and performance-oriented advertising models. For
the impact of the ePrivacy Regulation on our digital busi-
ness models, please refer to the “Political and Legal
Risks" section.

We counter the proliferation of ad blockers both with
legal action against providers and with the development
of alternative revenue streams. Also, technical solutions
for detecting and deactivating ad blockers are increas-
ingly being used. For example, for the readers of BILD.de,
the journalistic content can only be used if the ad block-
ers used are deactivated or an almost ad-free subscrip-
tion is concluded.

Political and legal risks

The relevance of data protection as well as the social
and political sensitivity to privacy and security gaps in the
digital domain have been steadily increasing for years.

For 2018, completely new risks arise from two European
legislations. On the one hand, this is the European Gen-
eral Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO), which will
apply from May 25, 2018. In addition to numerous sub-
stantive tightening of data protection (including consent,
information to those affected, the processing of large
amounts of data in the context of "Big Data and the
requirements for IT security) the DSGVO brings two
fundamental changes, which increase significantly the
risks for data processing companies: There is a corpo-
rate accountability under which the data processor must
be able to demonstrate compliance with the GDPR. In
addition, the fines will be drastically increased in case of
breaches. Fines of up to 4% of group-wide turnover are
possible, based on antitrust law.

The second European legislation is the draft of ePrivacy
Regulation. Among others, this should regulate the very
relevant setting of cookies and the creation of user pro-
files on the Internet for Axel Springer. In contrast to the

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation has not yet been decid-
ed. Also, a concrete date of entry into force and any
transition periods are not finalized (as of February 2018).
Axel Springer deals with possible consequences and
possible measures at an early stage. These include inter-
nal projects, but in the broader sense also the participa-
tion as a founding partner in the joint venture Verimi. At
the same time, Axel Springer, as well as the entire Euro-
pean industry of publishers, marketers and e-commerce,
is extremely concerned about the current drafts. This
applies equally to the associations of publishers and the
internet economy.

In order to be able to counteract the associated risks,
Axel Springer is informed about these developments at
an early stage, also through the associations represent-
ing us. The stakeholders in the publishing and media
industries throughout Europe are making an effort to
explain to political decision-makers the business models
and risks that exist among members, so that they are
properly reflected in the democratic legislative process.
Axel Springer also intends to take timely measures to
identify changes that are relevant to Axel Springer and to
adequately implement the resulting organizational and
legal requirements as part of its risk-based prioritization.

In order to reduce the risk of legal violations, binding
guidelines are also issued for divisions and subsidiaries,
which include organizational and risk-based measures
for increased data protection compliance. For the
measures taken by Axel Springer in the area of IT securi-
ty, please refer to the section "IT risks".

Nevertheless, the political and legal risks can by no
means be completely ruled out. In view of the continuous
technical development of the digital business models
and a largely new and risk-increasing legal situation and
in the absence of relevant case law, there is often an
unclear legal situation and thus the latent danger of
warnings and possible legal violations.

Specifically, this concerns the regulation of the use of so-
called cookies and similar technologies, in particular the
admissibility of creating user profiles as well as the inte-
gration of advertising networks and "retargeting" in the


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

areas of web, mobile and app. The obtaining of consents,
so-called "opt-ins", warnings and potential legal viola-
tions bring with it reputational damage, particularly to
well-known brands of Axel Springer such as BILD and
WELT, alongside direct legal and commercial conse-
quences.

The involvement of public service broadcasting on the
Internet continues to pose a risk to us. Above all, the
ARD has gone with a fee-financed, text-focused news
app of the Tagesschau far into the business field of the
private press and distorted the competition. Naturally, it
is more difficult for publishers to enforce paid apps
against this and other free offers from ARD's state
broadcasters.

After negotiations with the ARD and the NDR had been
fruitless, Axel Springer SE filed with seven other publish-
ers and full support of the newspaper publisher's associ-
ation BDZV action against ARD and NDR at the competi-
tion chamber of the District Court of Cologne. The
district court granted the claim in September 2012 for
the most part. The defendants have appealed against
the judgment and prevailed in the appeal before the
Higher Regional Court of Cologne. The plaintiffs lodged
an appeal against this before the Federal Court of Jus-
tice, the appeal was granted and the case remanded to
the Higher Regional Court of Cologne for a new trial.

Admittedly, the Cologne Higher Regional Court respond-
ed to the publishers’ request and did not approve the
appeal. Nevertheless, the legal process is not over, be-
cause after an unsuccessful so-called non-admission
complaint, the NDR has now challenged the violation of
aright to have a hearing in court with the Federal Court
of Justice. Our business remains exposed to the risks of
distortion of competition from public service broadcast-
ing and regulatory pressure from legislators at all relevant
levels of government, despite countermeasures taken.

Further potential risks or uncertainties for the Axel
Springer arise from the political situation in the individual
countries. The Polish media landscape, in particular, has
been decisively influenced by the political influence of the
national-conservative government; currently already on

49

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

public-law but in the future also through attempts to
influence private media. Government-influenced compa-
nies could reduce or even stop their advertising activities
in our products, which would lead to a significant decline
in our advertising revenues. We counteract this risk with
targeted cost-saving measures and programs for secur-
ing earnings.

IT risks

For Axel Springer, as a Group with a high degree of
digitization of its offers and internal processes, there are
numerous significant risks with regard to the availability
of IT systems used and the confidentiality and integrity of
information.

Due to the high degree of integration of information
technologies into business processes, Axel Springer
relies on a high availability of IT components. A signifi-
cant impact on the availability can be a failure of the IT
infrastructure and the applications run on it, such as the
use of paid content on BILD.de. Potential causes of
impairment include internal factors such as the increas-
ing complexity of systems and longer-term infrastructure,
as well as external factors such as: Computer crime by
deliberately induced data encryption (so-called ransom-
ware attacks) or by third party injected malicious soft-
ware. In the worst case, these can result in business
interruptions with far-reaching consequences for revenue
and reputation.

Additional IT risks are classified as important if the confi-
dentiality of information and data integrity is compro-
mised as a consequence. Against the background of the
growing importance of paid content, notifiable services
and the associated collection and storage of personal
data as well as the constantly growing computer crime,
the sensitive handling and protection of data is of great
importance.

For this reason, targeted measures have been and are
being taken to prevent or limit as far as possible the
effects and likelihood of criminal acts and the failure of IT
components. The risk reduction measures include DDoS
protection, emergency data centers, vulnerability analysis,
use of encryption, identity & access management, con-


--- Page 40 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

solidation and standardization, and improving of systems.
These measures are continuously analyzed and, if nec-
essary, expanded and improved.

Reputation risks

As part of the risk survey at Axel Springer reputation
risks are not separately levied, as they usually result ina
secondary risk or effect related to the primary risks.

A violation of law and order can cause high attention and
damage our reputation due to Axel Springer's prominent
position in contributing to social opinion. Potential reputa-
tion risks may arise, for example, from the violation of
journalistic independence if the journalistic work is endan-
gered due to personal advantage, inadequate research,
incomplete information or lack of care in dealing with
sources. Violation of country-specific laws and regulations,
as well as non-compliance with equal treatment and
opportunity programs can also damage reputation.

In order to avoid reputation risks, the risk management
measures introduced are primarily intended to prevent
the occurrence of a corresponding primary risk. Regard-
less, it includes the basic compliance with law and order,
education campaigns and public relations work on es-
tablished measures to prevent reputation damage.

In addition, our International Social Policy, a catalogue of
social standards, counteracts potential reputation risks.
The International Social Policy defines the attitude of the
company and others on questions of legal compliance,
the protection of children and young people, dealing with
employees and health and safety. These standards are
globally binding for all activities of the company and can
lead to a significant loss of image if disregarded. For
further information, please refer to the section “Important
management practices” on page 67 et seqq.

Axel Springer operates an advanced sustainability man-
agement system that meets international standards.
However, if we were to recognize potential environmental
and social conflicts in the procurement of resources.
along the wood, pulp, paper and recycling chain too late,
this could damage our image. In order to effectively
minimize this risk, we work closely with experts from the

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

wood, pulp and paper industries and environmental
organizations. In addition, we use monitoring measures
along the value chain. Our internal and external commu-
nication in this respect is characterized by openness and
transparency.

Violations of confidentiality agreements and insider regu-
lations as well as information that has not been published
correctly in the context of external reporting can have
economic or legal consequences for Axel Springer. In
addition, there is the risk of damage to the image of the
Group or its brands through negative reporting or cam-
paigns in social media channels, even if there is no viola-
tion of the law from a legal perspective.

The following risk management measures primarily serve
to avoid or reduce reputational risks: Compliance with
law and regulations, education campaigns and public
relations as well as relevant guidelines (e. g. guideline on
journalistic independence). These should prevent the
occurrence of a corresponding primary risk and protect
against reputational damage.

Strategic risks

Significant strategic risks at Axel Springer result primarily
from decisions to invest in new business fields and mod-
els as well as companies that develop differently than
planned over the long term or that cannot assert them-
selves on the market or are displaced by new business
models. Also a possible insufficient diversification holds a
high risk potential. Unscheduled write-off in the case of
expected permanent impairment in the context of the
impairment tests to be performed would be the result. In
addition to our activities in the Classifieds Media and
Marketing Media segments, this risk also affects our
product portfolio of national and international News.
Media offerings.

Overall, however, the business fields and models of our
investments are very heterogeneous, so that diversifica-
tion avoids so-called cluster risks. There is also further
risk minimization, preventive control measures such as
clear investment criteria, which we use to review new
investments as part of our M & A activities, as well as
active portfolio and investment management, the estab-


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

lishment and maintenance of a qualified management
level and active and systematic monitoring of business
and market development.

In addition to the aforementioned risks, the dependence
on strategically important cooperation partners is also
risky, for example for Upday, a personalized pan-
European news service that was developed in collabora-
tion with Samsung and currently represents the news
app with the widest reach in Germany. If Samsung does
not want to continue the cooperation, this would call into
question the continued existence of the business model.
Active key account management, legal support in the
negotiation and renegotiation of contracts and continu-
ous monitoring of the business activities of our coopera-
tion partners contribute to reducing this risk.

Other risks

Axel Springer is naturally exposed to natural hazards that
continue to pose significant risks to the Group. Possible
damage caused by natural phenomena can lead to
property damage and business interruptions. We counter
these risks in two ways: On the one hand structural and
organizational structural measures were taken to in-
crease the safety standard even further, on the other
hand there is an insurance protection to mitigate any
financial consequences.

Terrorist attacks continue to pose a serious risk to Axel
Springer and, due to the current global political situation,
a significant increase in risk. We counter this, among
others, with increased security standards, significantly
tightened access regulations and controls as well as a
detailed education and training of the safety-relevant
group of people. The financial risk from possible property
damage and business interruptions is covered here by
appropriate insurance.

In order to support the cultural change to the leading
digital publishing house, work is under way on the con-
struction of the new publishing house of Axel Spring-

er SE, which should enable employees to work together
more closely and exchange knowledge more effectively.
When implementing such a major project, Axel Springer
is inevitably confronted with construction-specific risks

51

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

such as unplanned project delays as well as cost over-
runs due to planning, tendering or procurement errors,
or raw material price increases such as steel, glass or
concrete. To reduce the aforementioned risks, a corre-
sponding general contractor agreement was concluded,
professional project controlling and reporting structures
were established. Also, the development of supplier
relationships and their early contractual commitment help
us to minimize these risks.

In addition to our construction project Berlin, our con-
struction activities at the Hamburg site are also subject
to risk. In the part of the building sold to the city of Ham-
burg, work is still to be done which, like the construction
activities in Berlin, is subject to risk. Here, too, risk reduc-
tion is achieved through systematic and highly profes-
sional project management and the involvement of ex-
ternal specialists.

Personnel risks

The individual abilities, professional skills and commit-
ment of our employees make a significant contribution to
the success of Axel Springer. A significant risk therefore
represents the loss of specialists and executives and the
associated company-specific loss of knowledge and
competence. We act professionally and actively. One
focus of our HR management is the targeted and for-
ward-looking development and motivation of employees
through individual training and further education
measures, regular feedback discussions, attractive bo-
nus programs, flexible working time models and a com-
prehensive offer for better reconciliation of work and
family life. Field-specific measures based on educational
needs analysis also help us to identify individual employ-
ee needs and to minimize the risk of loss of skilled work-
ers. Systematic succession planning and development,
especially in the case of age-related fluctuation, is indis-
pensable. In this way, the transfer of valuable wealth of
experience and company expertise should be guaran-
teed and the personnel requirements should be covered
in the long term.


--- Page 42 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

In addition, the difficult situation in recruiting junior ex-
ecutives and executives represents a continuously grow-
ing risk. Due to demographic change and increasing
competition in the personnel market, it is increasingly
difficult to recruit qualified personnel. Particularly with
regard to the continuously increasing digitization of the
Group, IT specialists in particular will continue to be in
greater demand. That is why we have set up an internal
recruiting team that designs personnel strategy initiatives
and, for example, pursues the long-term development of
a shared talent pool with a focus on bottleneck and key
functions. In addition, professional employer branding,
our social media activities on Facebook and Instagram,
and university marketing with its diverse internal and
external events make an important contribution to setting
us apart from other companies and positioning Axel
Springer as an attractive and innovative employer in the
relevant target group.

Financial risks and risks from the use of financial
instruments

With regard to financial risks, default risks for loans and
investments as well as interest rate risks for Axel Spring-
er are particularly important for the 2018 financial year.

We counter the risk of possible default of loans, which
Axel Springer assigns on a case-by-case basis, by regu-
larly informing ourselves about the economic and finan-
cial situation of the borrower, analyzing and processing
these data accordingly, and thus identifying possible
negative developments at an early stage. Should these
manifest themselves, we allow the borrowers to collat-
eralize their assets on a case-by-case basis.

Regarding our stake in Dogan TV Holding A.S., potential
default risks from the agreed sales options were fully
hedged by bank guarantees.

In order to counteract possible default risks when invest-
ing funds that are not required for operational purposes,
investment is made according to predefined criteria that
are specified in a Group guideline. It defines fixed asset
limits for risk limitation that must not be exceeded are
defined therein. The limit compliance is monitored by
consistent, daily monitoring.

52

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

The existing interest rate risk results primarily from a
financial asset or liability with variable interest rates.
However, this risk is limited due to well-defined financing
principles and regular monitoring of the variable interest
component. Among others, we finance ourselves on
borrower's promissory notes, which are mostly fixed
income. Any additional interest rate risk that could affect
the promissory notes and variable interest rate credit
lines is minimized, where necessary, by the use of inter-
est rate derivatives. Significant financing risks due to
uncertain developments in the financial sector are cur-
rently not apparent to Axel Springer: The current € 1.2
billion (up to 2020) credit line taken out as part of secur-
ing liquidity has been bindingly committed by the partici-
pating banks. The interest rate is linked to a ratio be-
tween the net debt and the earnings ratio of the Axel
Springer Group, so that the use of the credit lines would
result in higher interest charges if the debt ratio is higher.
In addition, we have to take into account some uncritical
additional conditions under the loan agreements, which
give the banks a right of termination in the event of non-
performance. We comply with these and therefore con-
sider the risk of early maturity of drawn loans to be low.
Continuous monitoring of the money, capital and credit
markets shows that the company can refinance on good
terms due to its continued excellent credit standing and
reputation. Furthermore, we have a reliable generation of
liquidity due to a diversified customer base with no signif-
icant delays or defaults.

Due to the degree of internationalization of Axel Springer,
there are corresponding currency risks for the Group.
These result from expenses, revenues, income from
participations as well as receivables and liabilities in
foreign currencies (transaction risk).

The risk of changes in value due to exchange rate fluctu-
ations is largely avoided by raising operating costs in the
countries in which we sell our products and services.
Residual currency risks from foreign currency cash flows
are insignificant, as we generate most of our results in
the euro currency area. Currency risks from open net
positions of € 5 million or more per foreign currency are
analyzed in a treasury committee. The Treasury Commit-
tee meets at least six times a year to better identify po-


--- Page 43 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

tential risks and resolve countermeasures. Local curren-
cy financial resources generated in non-euro countries
are either reinvested to expand local business activities,
invested in and secured or distributed by Axel Spring-

er SE. The liquidity risk arising from exchange rate fluctu-
ations on foreign currency financial assets is therefore
limited.

Currency effects from the translation of foreign currency
financial statements (translation risk) are recognized
directly in accumulated equity. Therefore, Axel Springer
does not hedge against such currency risks.

The risks from financial instruments and hedging
measures are explained in detail in Note (34) of the ex-
planatory notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Overall risk assessment

The overall risk situation of the Axel Springer Group
consists of the individual risks of all risk categories of the
consolidated majority holdings and the central areas.

Taking into account the interaction of risks and risk ag-
gregation, there are currently no risks that could jeopard-
ize the continued existence of the Axel Springer Group or
could significantly influence its asset, earnings and finan-
cial position. This applies to the condition that there is no
significant deterioration of the economy in our markets
and the media industry and, consequently, a significant
deterioration in the market and earnings position of the
Group. In addition, risk concentrations are reduced
through continuous diversification, internationalization,
optimization of the brand and product portfolio and
digitization.

In contrast to the presentation in the 2016 Annual Report,
there are slight changes in risk positions, in particular as
aresult of the acquisitions and sales of companies and
the associated investments. However, these changes did
not materially affect the overall risk situation and risk-
bearing capacity of the company.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Opportunity management

Axel Springer pursues the goal of sustainably securing
entrepreneurial success. Potential opportunities arising
from positive developments in the course of business
activities should be identified early and systematically
exploited. As part of the management, strategic and
planning processes, potential opportunities induced both
internally as well as externally are identified and assessed
for the company divisions and interests. External oppor-
tunities are offered, for example, by changing market
structures or customer requirements; internal opportuni-
ties arise from product innovations or quality improve-
ments. This is based, for example, on market and com-
petition monitoring activities and analyses as well as
regular dialog with experts. In considering the risks in-
volved, identified opportunities are fundamental to corpo-
rate decision-making and the introduction of corre-
sponding measures, such as measures regarding
investments in new markets or technologies. Responsi-
bility for the management of opportunities is taken in as
decentralized a manner as possible by the operational
divisions and their management or senior managers.

Opportunities

In line with the definition of risks, opportunities are mir-
rored as the possibility of positive deviations from defined
targets and can thus serve both the added value and the
generation of potential competitive advantages. They
may arise from unscheduled and/or non-budgeted posi-
tive developments and/or events. This applies if there is
insufficient certainty regarding the occurrence of events,
or the framework conditions and environment develop in
amore favorable manner than expected. In addition,
potential arising from long-term strategic decisions that
had not been fully budgeted may lead to additional
growth.


--- Page 44 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Strategic opportunities

In aconstantly changing environment we continue to
develop our company so that we are able to face global
and industry-specific challenges in the future with inno-
vative and tailored solutions.

Axel Springer’s international digitization strategy offers
further promising opportunities for generating additional
growth and revenues based on highly positive develop-
ments within the digital markets. Axel Springer exploits
these developments by investing in new or future-
oriented technologies, entering into new forms of coop-
eration, the ongoing digital transformation and monetiza-
tion of journalistic products. In addition, by combining
different media, we achieve the most comprehensive
multimedia coverage in the German media landscape.
This spans digital, print, video, and live TV, with an em-
phasis on quality journalism as the hallmark in all media
channels.

Acquiring interests in companies with promising digital
business models in the early and growth phases of their
life cycle gives us the opportunity to make contacts
within the industry and to other founders and investors
as well as to access and use new ideas and business
models. On the other hand, we can gain access to co-
investments, which may also be available to us for a later
majority acquisition. If the portfolio companies develop
successfully, we can benefit from potentially significant
increases in value. For this purpose, Axel Springer and
Martin Varsavsky, an experienced Internet entrepreneur
and member of the supervisory board of Axel Spring-

er SE, founded an investment fund for media start-ups.
This cooperation is not only intended to secure long-term
growth, but also to further expand our business in the
US market. In addition to this new early-stage investment,
the start-up accelerator recently founded with Porsche,
which supports digital business ideas with high market
potential, can offer valuable strategic opportunities. We
see further growth opportunities in our digital internation-
alization strategy and the associated entry into new or
expanding existing markets. For example, the introduc-
tion of successful business models on the home market,
the acquisition of existing and successfully established
companies and the establishment of strategic partner-

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

ships in international growth regions offer considerable
potential for success. Compared to our competitors, we
also benefit from the fact that we already have strong
market positions in many countries.

The sale of the new Axel Springer building and the Axel-
Springer-Passage will provide us with additional liquid
funds that can be used for future growth initiatives, es-
pecially in the digital sector.

Market and competitive opportunities

Should the global economy develop better than previ-
ously forecasted, this could have a positive impact on
our revenue performance. The deciding factor will be the
impact that regional conflicts and crises will have on our
core markets when the world economy is highly inter-
connected. Nonetheless, its early investments in regional
and digital growth markets places Axel Springer in a
good position to capitalize on the opportunities this
brings. Even a negative macroeconomic development
can open up opportunities: This could eliminate competi-
tors from the market, thereby strengthening our own
position. In addition, it would be possible to acquire
companies at advantageous prices, thus expanding our
position in existing markets and investing in new markets
with growth potential.

Additional industry-specific potential to generate un-
planned revenues for Axel Springer may also arise from
higher advertising expenditures on individual advertising
media than forecasted by advertising associations. This
could in particular be the case if the media mix changes
in our favor, or, in other words, if advertising expenditure
flows into the digital sector driven by journalistic content.
For example, the paid subscription service for journalistic
offers announced by Google and Facebook could help
us to better market our paid content online. Should this
actually happen and succeed, additional sales revenues
could result and the brands of Axel Springer can be
strengthened. Furthermore, increasing mistrust of Fake
News could also strengthen the paid journalistic payment
Offers in the journalistic pay range of Axel Springer and
generate higher circulation revenues. The technological
developments in the marketing business - in addition to
the associated challenges - also provide further opportu-


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

nities for additional advertising revenues. Thus, a change
in the online marketing by programmatic advertising is
taking place. This form of media planning stands for the
automated purchase and sale of advertising with the
help of target group data in digital media and thus a
change from the marketing of the environment to the
marketing of target groups. With our know-how and the
targeted customer approach through targeting measures,
there are promising additional opportunities in the adver-
tising business. The international orientation of Axel
Springer, which has increased as a result of correspond-
ing investments, represents a further advantage for the
Group in advertising business. Compared to competing
publishers with a stronger focus on the German-
speaking area, we can offer global customers a broader
readership or higher reach for ad campaigns from a
single source.

All divisions and companies of Axel Springer are working
on the continuous improvement of technologies and
processes in order to maintain and expand their position
in the competitive field. This includes an intensive cross-
company exchange on successful business models, as
well as innovative start-ups.

Political and legal opportunities

The ancillary copyright for press publishers (Leistungs-
schutzrecht flir Presseverleger) entered into force at

the beginning of August 2013, with the aim of further
enhancing the protection of intellectual property. This
stipulates that license fees shall be chargeable to search
engine providers for using publisher content, unless such
use relates to “individual words” or “the smallest text
snippets“. Google as the market leader among the
search engine providers rejected this. At present, there is
a revocable “free-of-charge” consent granted by the

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

publishers to Google to use their text snippets in search
results. VG Media (collecting company), which repre-
sents more than 200 digital publisher offers, including by
Axel Springer, has filed a payment claim against Google,
which is currently pending before the Berlin Court of
Appeal in a second instance. Depending on the outcome
of the legal dispute or the agreement reached, this may
have a positive effect on Axel Springer and its digital
Offerings.

Business and other opportunities

Axel Springer is continually working on the optimization
of operational processes and structures. Axel Springer
therefore regards inter-company, cross-divisional and
cross-functional interlinking as a key factor for success in
order to produce innovative and tailored content as well
as provide high quality products and services for our
customers. For this Axel Springer has begun a compre-
hensive restructuring with the separation of the prints
from the digital business. If the new organizational struc-
ture is implemented swiftly and consistently for a cross-
brand collaboration of core functions, this could, in addi-
tion to more efficient marketing, be associated with addi-
tional opportunities for greater growth, especially in the
digital business and synergy potential in the cost area.
Axel Springer could better identify and exploit opportuni-
ties through focused teams, clear responsibilities and
less structural complexity.

The increased and promoted exchange of e. g. techno-
logical know-how of our companies offers additional
opportunities to further improve our position in our core
markets.


--- Page 46 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Forecast report

Anticipated economic environment

General economic environment

The upward trend of the world economy will accelerate
according to the forecast of the International Monetary
Fund (IMF). Accordingly, the growth rate of the global
economy in 2018 should rise to a real +3.9 %. The boom
is mainly driven by a significant growth spurt in the indus-
trialized countries.

According to estimates by the ifo Institute, the upturn
will continue in Germany in 2018. Growth drivers will
therefore continue to be domestic demand and exports.
According to the forecast, private consumption is
expected to expand strongly with a real growth rate of
1.7 % driven by rising employment and rising wages. In
view of the continued increase in the capacity utilization
rate of the German economy in the previous year, the
strong growth in corporate investment is expected to
continue at 3.9% in real terms. According to the ifo
forecast, exports will continue to rise strongly in 2018,
with real growth of 5.6 %. With a price-adjusted expan-
sion of 5.5%, imports will develop similarly dynamically.

According to forecasts by the ifo Institute, consumer
prices will rise by 1.9% in 2018 in view of the continuing
buoyant economy. Unemployment is expected to fall to
5.3% due to persistently high employment creation. At
the same time, the number of persons in employment
will rise by around 490,000. On average for the year
2018, the ifo Institute expects around 44.8 million
people to be in gainful employment.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated Economic Development (Selection)

Change in gross domestic product compared to

prior year (real) 2018
Germany?) 2.6%
United Kingdom?) 14%
France? 18%
Central and Eastern Europe) 35%
USA) 25%

” Source: ifo Institut, December 2017,
2) Source: DIW, December 2017.

According to a forecast by the German Institute for
Economic Research (DIW), the British economy will
expand by 1.4% in 2018. Investments are unlikely to
contribute to growth due to slightly restrictive monetary
policy and persistently high levels of uncertainty in the
face of the Brexit negotiations. However, positive impuls-
es are to be expected from foreign trade, helped by the
ongoing recovery in the eurozone and the continuing low
value of the British pound.

For France, the DIW forecasts a real growth rate of
1.8% for 2018. According to the economic research
institute, the environment has improved slightly as a
result of labor market and tax reforms. The DIW expects
only modest price increases and rising of disposable
income in real terms.

The economic forecast of the DIW comes to altogether
optimistic expectations for the states of Central and
Eastern Europe. Consumption should remain the main
driver. The economic recovery in the region goes hand
in hand with a significantly and continuously falling
unemployment rate. Investments should gain some
momentum. Exports benefit from growing foreign
demand. Overall, price-adjusted growth will amount

to 3.5% in Central and Eastern Europe, according to
the DIW.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

According to the DIW forecast, the development of

the US economy remains upward. The continuous im-
provement of the labor market situation supports private
consumption. The DIW estimates the real growth rate of
US economic output for 2018 at 2.5%. It is assumed
that the tax reform will only have a relatively small
stimulating effect on economic growth.

Industry environment

According to the current advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia, a worldwide increase of 4.1 % (nominal)
is expected for the year 2018. The shift of advertising
budgets to the internet continues with undiminished
speed. According to ZenithOptimedia's current forecast,
the share of online advertising in the global advertising
cake will rise to 40 % next year.

The forecasts for Germany available to date show a
largely similar picture for the individual media genres.
ZenithOptimedia expects net advertising market revenue
(marketing revenues net of rebates and agent’s commis-
sion) in Germany for 2018 to increase by 2.3 % (nominal).
Thus, the total advertising market will not grow as fast as
the general economy, which is expected to expand at a
nominal rate of 4.0% (+ 2.2% in real terms) according to
the DIW.

Growth in the advertising market is driven by digital
(+8.0%), TV (+2.8%), outdoor (+2.6 %) and radio

(+1.8 %). ZenithOptimedia is predicting a decrease in net
advertising revenues for newspapers (-3.2 %) and
magazines (-5.5 %).

The forecast data continue to reflect the structural
redistribution of advertising expenditure in favor of digital
Offers. In the coming year, the share of online and mobile
in Germany should rise to 35.9 %. This puts Germany
below the global average. ZenithOptimedia says publish-
ers will hardly benefit from the additional online ad reveue.
Reason is the dominance of the big tech companies

from the USA.

However, global trends also set the direction for Germa-
ny. Growth in the advertising market is technology-driven,
especially in the mobile, online moving images (video),

57

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

social media and programmatic growth segments.
Thanks to the continued proliferation of mobile devices,
technical advances in advertising, increased variety of ad
formats, and technical innovations in driving multi-device
campaigns, a significant increase in digital advertising
investments is expected.

The progressive automation of advertising booking
through programmatic buying platforms is also seen as a
driver for online and mobile advertising. In addition, all
media will in future be digital, addressable and thus
programmatically tradable. The challenge for the market-
ers will be, on the one hand, to connect their inventory to
the available trading platforms and, on the other hand, to
provide data that will enable advertisers to address
consumers in a more targeted manner - and thus more
effectively.

The industry expects positive stimuli for the advertising
industry from the two sporting highlights of 2018, the
Winter Olympics in South Korea and the World Cup in
Russia, with sports-related advertising media likely to
benefit from this.

One of the big trends in the advertising industry is the
use of artificial intelligence for mass communication.
Self-learning technologies predict customer behavior
and focus on personalized customer engagement.

The expectation of further increasing budgets in the area
of digital classified ads in 2018 is confirmed by a
study of the strategy consultancy OC & C Strategy
Consultants in the spring of 2017. According to this
study, advertising expenditures (online) in Germany for
job advertisements will rise by an average of 12 % per
year by 2020 compared to 2016. This growth goes
hand in hand with the forecast that by 2020, 63 % of
advertising spending in the area of job advertisements in
Germany will be made online, whereas in 2016 the share
was still at 50 %. For the German real estate advertising
market (online), OC & C expects an average increase of
9% by 2020 compared to 2016. The online share of real
estate advertising spend was already 69 % in 2016, and
according to the study, it will increase even further to

77 % by 2020.


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The digital international markets in which Axel
Springer engages in with its own corporate activities will
develop differently according to the prognosis of Zenith-
Optimedia: In the online market in Western Europe, net
advertising volume will increase by 7.3% to USD 42.7
billion in 2018, based on the assumption of constant
exchange rates. While in the UK (+3.8 %) digital advertis-
ing spending will grow less strongly than in Germany,
France (+10.4 %) and the US (+13.1 %) are expected to
achieve higher growth.

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2018 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared to prior year

(nominal) Online
Germany 8.0%
Central and Eastern Europe 12.9%
USA 13.1%
United Kingdom 3.8%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast, December 2017.

The expected positive development of foreign advertising
spending on digital classified advertisements in 2018 is
also underpinned by the OC & C study. For the job
market in the United Kingdom, the analysis forecasts an
average increase in digital advertising spending of 3%
per year by 2020 compared to 2016. Real estate
markets in France and Belgium are expected to grow

by 6% and 5% respectively over the same period.
Compared to the German market, the online share of
advertising spending in the respective foreign markets in
2016 was already comparatively high, at 79 % in the UK,
65 % in France and 67 % in Belgium. For 2020, accord-
ing to the study, a further shift in advertising spend from
offline channels to online channels is forecast in all three
markets. As a result, the United Kingdom is expected to
have an 85 % online share of advertising spend in the
jobs segment, and France 72% and Belgium 73 % in the
real estate segment (based on advertising expenses
online + offline per category).

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Group

Strategic and organizational orientation

The highest strategic priority for Axel Springer is to
pursue the consistent digitization of its business. We
aim to attain the goal of becoming the leading digital
publisher by further developing our digital offerings in
Germany and abroad, and by making targeted
acquisitions.

Comparison of forecast with actual performance
The forecast targets published in March 2017, and
raised at mid-year 2017 for adjusted EBITDA, adjusted
EBIT and adjusted earnings per share were attained.
For revenues the forecast was exceeded.

Group

Forecast /

adjustments during the year 2017
Revenues Mid single-digit

percentage increase 8.3%
EBITDA, Mid to high single-digit percentage
adjusted increase / high single-digit

percentage increase 85%
EBIT, Mid single-digit percentage
adjusted increase / mid to high single-digit

percentage increase 7.0%

Earnings per
share, adjusted

Mid to high single-digit percentage
increase / high single-digit
percentage increase 81%



--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Segments

Forecast 2017
Revenues
Classifieds Low double-digit
Media percentage increase 146%
News Development roughly on par
Media with prior-year level 19%
Marketing High single-digit to low double-digit
Media percentage increase 15.0%
Services/ Considerable
Holding decline -16.8%
EBITDA, adjusted
Classifieds Low double-digit
Media percentage increase 16.5%
News Stable
Media development 2.0%
Marketing High single-digit to low double-digit
Media percentage increase 16.3%
Services/ Significant
Holding deterioration 46.5%
EBIT, adjusted
Classifieds Development significantly below
Media development of EBITDA, adjusted 13.6%
News Comparable development to
Media EBITDA, adjusted 1.1%
Marketing Development slightly below
Media development of EBITDA, adjusted 14.9%
Services/ Significant
Holding deterioration -23.9%

Business development in the segments confirmed or
exceeded expectations for both revenue, adjusted
EBITDA and adjusted EBIT. In terms of revenues

the forecast was exceeded in the News Media and
Marketing Media segments and in terms of adjusted
EBITDA in all three operating segments Classifieds
Media, News Media and Marketing Media.

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the Group

The forecast for the financial year 2018, takes the
application of the new accounting standards IFRS 15
and IFRS 16 into account (for impacts, we refer to the
notes to the consolidated financial statement of the
Group Note (3q)), the initial consolidation of Logic-Immo
from February 2018, as well as the sales of aufeminin in
the second quarter of 2018 and the print portfolios in

59

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Slovakia in the middle of the year 2018. Due to the
significant implications of these effects, we also state our
expectations regarding the organic development of our
key performance indicators that result from adjusted
consolidation and currency effects, as well as the effects
from IFRS 16. Consideration of IFRS 15 follows an ap-
propriate adjustment of our prior-year figures, which
reduces the Group revenues for 2017 by approximately
€ 500 million in the Marketing Media segment.

For the financial year 2018, we expect Group revenues
to increase by an amount in the low to mid single-digit
percentage range. Organically, we also assume growth
in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBITDA, we expect a rise in the low
double-digit percentage range. For organic growth in
adjusted EBITDA we assume an increase in the mid to
high single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBIT, we expect a rise in the low single-
digit percentage range due to higher depreciation,
amortization and impairments, and organically we expect
an increase in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

For the adjusted earnings per share, we expect an
increase in the low to mid single-digit percentage range.
For the organic development we assume a rise in the
mid to high single-digit percentage range.

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the segments

The revenues of the Classifieds Media segment are
expected to show a rise in the double-digit percentage
range. Organic growth is expected to be in the high
single-digit to low double-digit percentage range. We
expect adjusted EBITDA to increase in the double-digit
percentage range. The organic increase should lie in the
high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range,
despite increased investments in IT, marketing and sales.


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

In the News Media segment, we expect a decrease in
revenues in the low to mid single-digit percentage range
for the financial year 2018. Deconsolidation effects from
the sale of the print portfolio in Slovakia will have an im-
pact here from mid year. Organically, we expect a decline
in revenues in the low single-digit percentage range. For
adjusted EBITDA we expect a rise in the mid single-digit
percentage range. Organically, we assume a decline in
the low to mid single-digit percentage range.

We expect revenues in the Marketing Media segment
to decrease by an amount in the high single-digit to low
double-digit percentage range, based essentially on the
anticipated closing of the sale of aufeminin in France. In
terms of organic development, we expect an increase in
revenues in the high single-digit percentage range. Start-
ing point for the forecast is the reduced revenue for 2017
by approximately € 500 million after applying IFRS 15.
For adjusted EBITDA, we expect an increase in the high
single-digit percentage range and organically we expect
a growth in the low double-digit percentage range.

For the Services/Holding segment, we expect a de-
Cline in revenues in the mid single-digit percentage range,
depending on market conditions. For the organic devel-
opment too, we expect a decline in the mid single-digit
percentage range. For adjusted EBITDA, we expect a
rise (improvement) in the low to mid single-digit percent-
age range and equally organically a rise in the low to mid
single-digit percentage range.

For adjusted EBIT, we expect developments in all seg-
ment to be below that of adjusted EBITDA due to higher
depreciation.

Anticipated liquidity and financial position

With regard to liquidity and financial position, invest-
ments in property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets will be significantly above the prior-year level,
mainly due to investments in the new building in Berlin.
Financing will be provided by operating cash flow. Ex-
cluding the investments for the new building in Berlin,
investments are also expected to be significantly above
the prior-year figure.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Dividend policy

Subject to the condition of continued sound financial
performance in the future, Axel Springer will pursue a
dividend policy of stable or slightly increased dividend
distribution, while also allowing for the financing of
growth.

Anticipated development of the workforce

The annual average number of employees in the Group
for 2018 will be higher than the prior-year figure. This is
mainly due to organic growth and acquisitions in
connection with the digital transformation of the Group’s
business.

Planning assumptions

We plan the future development of the financial perfor-
mance, liquidity, and financial position on the basis of
assumptions that are plausible and sufficiently probable
from today’s perspective. However, actual developments
could possibly be much different from the assumptions
applied and thus from the business plans and trend
forecasts prepared on the basis of those assumptions.

In particular, the forecast is based on the assumption
that no significant deterioration in the economic environ-
ment will follow and that the actual exchange rates do
not deviate significantly from the underlying assumed
exchange rates.

The forecasts for adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBIT, and
the adjusted earnings per share reflect the expected
effects at the time of the publication of the Annual Report
from known acquisitions (particularly Logic-lmmo),
divestments (in particular aufeminin and the print portfolio
in Slovakia) and planned restructuring expenses. The
additional disclosures regarding organic development
have been adjusted for consolidation and currency ef-
fects, as well as effects from the application of the new
accounting standards IFRS 16.


--- Page 51 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Disclosure and explanatory report of the

Executive Board pursuant to takeover law

This section contains the disclosures pursuant to Sec-
tions 289a (1), 315a (1) of the Commercial Code and the
explanatory report of the Executive Board in accordance
with Section 176 (1) sentence 1 AktG related to Section
9 (1) lit. ©) ii) SE-VO.

Composition of subscribed capital

The subscribed capital of the company amounts to

€ 107,895,31 1.00 and is divided into 107,895,311 regis-
tered shares. The shares may only be transferred with
the company's consent (registered shares of restricted
transferability, see below).

Different classes of shares do not exist. All shares have
the same rights and obligations. Each share grants one
vote at the annual shareholders’ meeting and is decisive
for the share of the shareholders in the profits of the
company. This does not apply to treasury shares held by
the company (see page 64), on treasury shares), from
which the company has no rights (see Section 71b of the
German Stock Corporation Act).

Restrictions on voting rights or the
transfer of shares

Pursuant to Section 5 (3) of the Articles of Association of
the company, the shares and the subscription rights to
shares in Axel Springer SE may only be transferred with
the consent of the Company. The approval is granted by
the Executive Board, whereby the Supervisory Board
decides internally on the approval. The consent can be
refused according to the statute without giving reasons.
However, the company does not arbitrarily refuse to
approve the transfer of the shares.

According to the knowledge of the company's Executive
Board, transfer restrictions under the law of obligations
arise from the following agreements:

61

@ On July 31/August 4, 2006, a share transfer re-
striction agreement was concluded between Dr. Ma-
thias Dopfner, Brilliant 310. GmbH, Axel Springer AG
and M.M. Warburg & Co. KGaA. Under this share
transfer restriction agreement, the direct and indirect
purchase or disposal of the shares of Axel Springer
AG by Brilliant 310. GmbH or by Dr. Mathias Dopfner
are made contingent to the prior consent of Axel
Springer SE in accordance with the Articles of Asso-
ciation of the company.

™@ By virtue of a declaration dated August 14, 2012, Dr.
Mathias Ddpfner acceded to a pool agreement (“pool
agreement”) concluded between Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG, in re-
spect of the 1,978,800 shares of Axel Springer SE
that were given to him as a present by Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer on the same date. In total, the pool agree-
ment includes 52,826,967 voting shares of Axel
Springer SE (pool-linked shares). Under the terms of
the pooling agreement, a pool member wishing to
transfer his pooled shares to a third party must first
offer these shares to the other pool members for pur-
chase (purchase right). The purchase right expires
two weeks after the purchase offer. It does not apply
to transfers to certain persons close to the pool
member.

™@ In addition, shares of Axel Springer SE acquired by
the Brilliant 310. GmbH and Dr. Mathias Dopfner were
pledged to a bank; the same applies to the shares of
Axel Springer SE held by Dr. Giuseppe Vita.

Under the virtual stock option plans 2011 Il and 2014 for
executives, the beneficiaries are required to make a
personal investment in shares of Axel Springer SE. These
shares are not subject to any restrictions on disposal,
but any disposition of these shares would cause the
corresponding virtual stock option rights to lapse without
replacement or compensation (for information on the
virtual stock option plan 2011 Il and 2014 for senior
executives, see page 80).


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

The same applies to the virtual stock option plans 2012
and 2014 for members of the Executive Board (see page
78 for information on the virtual stock option plans 2012
and 2014 for Executive Board members).

Finally, persons performing managerial duties at Axel
Springer SE within the meaning of the European Market
Abuse Regulation (MAR) must comply with the closed
periods established by Section 19 (11) MAR (trade
prohibitions); Based on these statutory blocking periods,
the Company has developed guidelines for trading in
shares of Axel Springer SE, which should be followed by
persons of senior management.

Voting right restrictions

According to the aforementioned pool contract between
Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer and Friede
Springer GmbH & Co. KG the voting rights and other
rights arising from the pooled shares in the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting of Axel Springer SE are to be exercised in
accordance with the respective resolutions of the pool
members, irrespective of whether and in what sense the
relevant pool member was voting on the pool. The voting
rights of the pool members in the pool meeting are
based on their voting rights at the General Meeting of
Axel Springer SE, calculated on the basis of the respec-
tive number of voting pool-linked shares. As long as
Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG holds an indirect inter-
est in Axel Springer SE, its voting rights are based on the
number of shares of the pooling shares held indirectly by
Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG.

Furthermore, restrictions on voting rights may exist in
accordance with the provisions of the German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG), for example pursuant to Section
136 AktG and capital market regulations, in particular
pursuant to Sections 33 et seqq. (prev. Sections 21 et
seqq. WpHG). Securities Trading Act (Wertpapier-
handelsgesetz, "WpHG’").

62

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Shareholdings that represent more than
10 % of voting rights

At the end of the 2017 financial year, the following direct
and indirect shareholdings in the capital of Axel Springer
SE, which exceeded the threshold of 10% of the voting
rights, existed on the basis of the voting rights announce-
ments received by the company up to December 31, 2017
in accordance with Sections 33, 34 WpHG (prev. Sections
21, 22 WpHG): Axel Springer Gesellschaft flr Publizistik
GmbH & Co, Berlin, Germany (direct), AS Publizistik GmbH,
Berlin, Germany (indirect), Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG,
Berlin, Germany (indirect), Friede Springer Verwaltungs-
GmbH, Berlin, Germany (indirect), Dr. h.c. Friede Springer,
Berlin, Germany (indirect), and Dr. Mathias Dépfner,
Potsdam, Germany (indirect).

Information on the amount of the aforementioned
shareholdings in the Company can be found in statements
on the voting rights disclosures in the Notes to the
Financial Statements 2017 of Axel Springer SE, see
www.axelspringer.com/financialpublications, as well as in
the section "Voting Rights Announcements" on the
Company's website at www.axelspringer.com/votingrights.

Shares with special rights that confer
powers of control

Shares with special rights conferring control powers have
not been issued.

Manner of controlling voting rights
when employees hold shares in the
company's capital

As part of the bonus and share bonus program for 2009
and the share participation programs for the years 2011,
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2017, Deutsche Bank AG
was initially entered into the share register as the third-
party holder of the shares transferred to employees.
However, each employee is free to be registered as a
shareholder in the share register.


--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

Statutory provisions and provisions of
the Articles of Association pertaining to
the appointment and dismissal of
Executive Board members and
amendments to the Articles of Association

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE consists of at
least two persons according to the Articles of Associa-
tion of the Company. The Supervisory Board determines
the number of Executive Board members, appoints them
and dismisses them. Pursuant to Section 8 (2) sentence
1 of the Articles of Association in connection with Sec-
tion 46 (1) SE-VO, the members of the Executive Board
are appointed for a maximum period of five years; reap-
pointments are allowed. If several persons are appointed
as members of the Executive Board, the Supervisory
Board may appoint a member as Chairman of the Exec-
utive Board (Section 8 (3) sentence 2 of the Articles of
Association). If a required member of the Executive
Board is absent, the court has to appoint a member in
urgent cases at the request of one involved party (Sec-
tion 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE-VO in connection with Section 85 (1)
sentence 1 AktG). The Supervisory Board may revoke
the appointment as a member of the Executive Board
and the appointment as Chairman of the Executive
Board if there is good cause (see in detail Section 39 (2)
sentence 1, Section 9 (1) lit. c) ii) SE Regulation, Section
84 (3) sentences 1 and 2 AktG).

Insofar as mandatory statutory provisions or provisions of
the Articles of Association do not require a greater majori-
ty, amendments to the Articles of Association are made
by a resolution of the General Meeting by a majority of
two-thirds of the votes cast or, if at least half of the share
capital is represented, by a simple majority of the votes
cast (cf. Section 21 (2) sentence 2 of the Articles of Asso-
ciation in connection with Section 51 sentence 1 SEAG,
Section 59 (1) and (2) SE-VO). The latter does not apply
to an amendment changing the business object and
purpose of the company, or to a resolution regarding the
relocation of the registered head office of the SE to an-
other member state pursuant to Section 8 (6) SE-VO as
well as cases that prescribe a higher majority stake (see
Section 51 (2) SEAG, Section 59 (1) and (2) SE-VO). An

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

amendment to the corporate governance principles laid
down in Section 3 of the Articles of Association requires a
majority of at least four-fifths of the votes cast (see Sec-
tion 21 (8) of the Articles of Association).

The Supervisory Board is authorized to adopt amend-
ments to the Articles of Association which only affect the
wording (Section 13 of the Articles of Association).

Authority of the Executive Board to issue
or buy shares back

The Executive Board was authorized, in accordance with
Section 5 (4) of the Articles of Association, and based on
the resolution of the annual shareholders’ meeting of
April 14, 2015, to increase the capital stock by April 13,
2020, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,
by issuing registered shares of restricted transferability,
either in a single tranche or in several tranches and in
return for cash and/or non-cash contributions (including
mixed non-cash contributions), up to a total of

€ 11,000,000.00 (authorized capital).

By partially drawing down this authorized capital, the
capital stock was increased by € 8,955,311.00 and
8,955,311 new registered shares of Axel Springer SE
were issued to General Atlantic, with effect from Decem-
ber 9, 2015. The remaining authorized capital, which
allows an increase of the share capital by a further

€ 2,044,689.00 until April 13, 2020, was not utilized until
the end of the year under review.

By resolution of the General Meeting on April 16, 2014
(Agenda item 8), the Executive Board was authorized,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, until April 15,
2019 to acquire treasury shares of up to 10% of the
share capital existing at the time of the resolution. The
acquisition may be made via the stock exchange or by
means of a public offer addressed to all shareholders or
a public invitation to submit an offer.

Along with the shares held by the company or attributa-
ble to the company in accordance with Section 5 SE-VO
in conjunction with Sections 71a ff. AktG, the shares


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2017
Axel Springer SE

purchased by virtue of the foregoing authorization may
not at any time exceed 10% of the company’s capital
stock. Details concerning this authorization are provided
in the invitation to the annual shareholders’ meeting of
April 16, 2014, which is available on the website of Axel
Springer SE (see Agenda Item 8 and the Executive
Board’s report on this subject).

The company held no treasury shares at the end of
financial year 2017.

There is no contingent capital at Axel Springer SE.

Significant agreements of the company
subject to the condition of a change of
control resulting from a takeover offer

With the exception of regulations in the promissory notes
and consortium loans stated in the following, as well as
contractually entitled cancellation rights for Executive
Board members in case of a change of control (see
further information below and page 78 of this Annual
Report), the company has not concluded any major
agreements that would take effect in the event of a
change of control due to a takeover.

The company has placed promissory notes on the capi-
tal market since April 2012. Following partial termination,
conversion and redrafting in October 2014 and May
2017 as well as the termination of two variable tranches
in October 2017, the promissory notes have a total
amount of € 879,000,000.00 available in nine tranches.
The lender may demand, in the event of a change of
control, that the claim held can be partially or fully paid
back early within a 90 days period.

Aside from specific exceptions that relate to the share-
holders that currently control Axel Springer SE, a change
of control is understood to mean, in the context of the
promissory notes, the acquisition of shares of Axel Spring-
er SE representing more than 50% of the capital stock

and/or voting rights by one or more parties acting together.

Combined Management Report
Disclosure and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

With regard to the syndicated loans renegotiated in July
2015 and totaling € 1,200,000,000.00, the lenders are
also entitled to terminate the loan in the event of a
change of control with a term of 30 days following the
receipt of such knowledge. Aside from specific excep-
tions that relate to the shareholders that currently control
Axel Springer SE, a change of control is understood to
mean the acquisition of shares of Axel Springer SE rep-
resenting more than 50% of voting rights by one or more
parties acting together.

Indemnification agreements between the
company and the Executive Board
members or employees in the event of a
change of control

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
in control. A change of control within the meaning of
these contracts exists if the majority shareholder Dr. h.c.
Friede Springer no longer - directly or indirectly - should
hold or control the majority of shares. In such a case, the
members of the Executive Board concerned are entitled
to payment of the basic salary for the last agreed remain-
ing period of contract (some of the entitled Executive
Board members are entitled to payment of at least one
annual basic salary) or a severance payment equal to the
total remuneration for the duration of the original remain-
ing term; the above payments are regularly limited in
amount. In addition, the company pays the performance-
related remuneration pro rata temporis for the period of
the activity in the year of departure. Other remuneration
does not exist for the service contracts of members of
the Executive Board in the event of termination of em-
ployment due to a change of control. Corresponding
compensation agreements with other employees of the
company do not exist.
