

--- Page 1 ---

STRATEGY

UCB's integrated business model starts and ends with the patient. This evolution from the traditional pharma
model is critical for us to remain competitive and sustainable for the long-term in an increasingly complex and

value-focused healthcare environment.

From Solution to Patient
We strive for a unique patient experience,
providing the highest possible benefit.

From Science to Solution
We aim to translate scientific hypotheses into
solutions for patients and engage them in the journey.

Everything we do starts with a simple question: "How
will this create value for people living with severe
diseases?”. Rather than commencing research from

a scientific point of view, we start with the patient
perspective. This means improving our ability to
stratify patients; implementing a new development
paradigm to improve success rates and efficiency:
tailoring go to market models for specific local patient
environments and implementing value-based access
and pricing,

Innovation is a key component of our strategy on
translating science into clinical differentiation. Because
30% of patients living with epilepsy are not seizure-
free, because patients living with psoriasis expect
more than treatments available so far, because the
ultimate goal is a cure... So many reasons why UCB
continues to invest more than 20% of its revenue
in research and development, “R&D”. Thanks to this
commitment and the many collaborations with
academia, research institutes, small and big (bio)
pharma players, UCB teams have built a strong
pipeline of innovative medicines.

Q

PATIENT

From Patient to Science

We pursue a deep understanding of
patient sub-populations to develop
an original scientific hypothesis.

SCIENCE

We have integrated the patient insights with science,
translating it into solutions. We now need to ensure
patients have access to UCB solutions. UCB is a global
player and has to adapt to specific dynamics and
stakeholder influences in local patient environments.

UCB's patient value strategy aims to deliver unique
outcomes and the best patient experience to as many
lives as possible within specific populations where
UCB can lead. UCB will only commercialize assets
where we can lead, and will out-license pipeline assets
in areas where UCB cannot lead or lacks bandwidth

Our recent performance confirms our ambition. UCB
continues to deliver above-industry growth, with
financials that enable UCB to become the patient-
preferred biotech leader with a healthy balance
between short-term growth and profitability and long-
term sustainability.


--- Page 2 ---

Victoria, living with psoriasis

We are progressing on our growth path with our three strategic phases:

GROW & PREPARE
PHASE (2015)

ACCELERATE &
EXPAND PHASE (2019)

BREAKTHROUGH &
LEAD PHASE (2022)

We build up on Cimzia®, Vimpat®,
Keppra®, Briviact® and Neupro®;
We carefully prepare bringing
Evenity™ (romosozumab) to
people at high risk of fracture due
to osteoporosis;

We carry on broadening our
early and late-stage pipeline.

« We accelerate uptake of Briviact®
while maximizing the potential
of Cimzia®, Vimpat®, Keppra®
and Neupro®;

¢ We invest into new growth
drivers in our late-stage R6D
pipeline (Evenity™, bimekizumab,
padsevonil) and emphasize the
innovation focus in our early
pipeline - complemented by
selected external opportunities.

We mitigate the loss of exclusivity
for Cimzia®, Vimpat®,

and Neupro® by continuing
growth from Briviact® and new
growth drivers;

We successfully launch
breakthrough products and
accelerate growth.

UCB Annual Report 2017



--- Page 3 ---

Thierry and neta, UCB

UCB PEOPLE

Creating patient value is what inspires us, drives
our actions and allows us to be more agile in an
ever-challenging world. Integrating the patient at
every level of our operating model is our way to
create unique and sustainable value and we believe
every one of us can have an impact, wherever in the
world, whatever our role.

Ensuring a diverse and inclusive environment at UCB
is important for our patient value culture. Given the
span of our activities and our global footprint, diversity
is a given at UCB. Mentioning diversity immediately
triggers the gender topic. At UCB, we have a 50/50
representation of women and men companywide,
and a 31/69 ratio of women to men at the Board level.
However, diversity is much more than gender, race

or age (innate characteristics); it is about education,
beliefs and experience (acquired characteristics).

Collaborating with colleagues from different horizons
is a gift and also has its challenges: working easily
across nations, cultures and education sometimes is
not a given. In 2017, we continued to raise awareness
around conscious and unconscious bias by organizing

10

several initiatives in multiple sites. UCB is determined

to accelerate diversity and inclusion, anchoring it in
our company culture

Almost every aspect of our activities is regulated
beginning with drug discovery and acquisition, and
continuing on through testing, development, product
registration, manufacturing, pricing, shipment,
advertising, sale and use. The UCB values and code of
conduct provide a framework which helps us navigate

> ~

28% BELGIUM

Ln, 8% GERMANY
Wy \ 8% UK

% \
BY 6% switzertano
& ] ——— 8% EUROPE - OTHERS
Ss 10% CHINA

ene

— 11% INTERNATIONAL MARKETS
oo 6% JAPAN

15% UNITED STATES


--- Page 4 ---

through the challenging and evolving business and
legal environments

The code of conduct outlines general principles of
business conduct and ethics that help guide every
UCB colleague and UCB’s partners throughout
the world when making decisions. It covers UCB
employees’ rights (equal treatment, data privacy,
freedom of association, HS&E, etc.), obligations
(pharmacovigilance, business ethics, insider

9% ARE BELOW 30

65% ARE BETWEEN
30-49

26% ARE OVER 50

1

information, antitrust, corruption, social media and
IT security) as well as whistle blower procedures.

For more information, refer to:

* 2017 sustainability report

« UCB code of conduct: https://www.ucb.com/_up/
ucb_com_ir/documents/UCB_Code_v21_
January_2015.pdf

+ https://www.ucb.com/careers/your-career

m A
% -
% 9
Op, oe
es . TEN

32% JOINED IN
THE LAST 3 YEARS

32% HAVE WORKED FOR
—— UCB BETWEEN 4-9 YEARS

36% HAVE WORKED FOR UCB
FOR MORE THAN 10 YEARS

UCB Annual Report 2017


--- Page 5 ---

MANAGING RISK
TO ADD VALUE AT UCB

Achieving effective risk management is not just
about identifying and responding to risks. It is about
creating a solid foundation of both understanding
the risk environment and embedding a framework
that facilitates action on the uncertainties that may
impact us most.

In our journey to elevate risk management at UCB,
Risk2Value continues to advance the integration of
risk principles into the organization. This enables the
support of our strategic priorities while upholding our
patient value principles.

Framework and Governance

In 2017, UCB continued to build upon the Risk2Value
framework. Utilizing the key representatives from all
business areas, we have worked to strengthen the
importance of managing the right risks. Our process
of risk management initiates within each business area
and its leadership team, is aggregated, refined and
communicated via the Risk2Value table and

its members.

To ensure we are prioritizing risks that have impact to
our values and obligations, risks may be measured on
one or more of three scales:

«Impact on financial assumptions that comprise
UCB's near-term and long-term forecasts (Financial
Impact Scale)

+ lmpact on the trust of those that regulate or rely
on us; and the welfare of our employees and
communities (Reputation & Welfare Impact Scale)

+ Impact on the value we provide our patients with
(Patient Value Impact Scale)

12

Top risks are connected to the strategic priorities
and an understanding of how the risk is trending is
communicated to both our Executive Committee
and our Board of Directors

Oversight

The management and review, and advisement on
risks and decision making is an active and dynamic
process. Our Executive Committee reviews these risks
on a regular basis in collaboration with the Risk2Value
table. We maintain strong connectivity to our Board
of Directors/Audit Committee and bring feedback into
the organization

UCB demonstrates its commitment to managing risk
by creating accountability at the top. All key risks are
owned by a member of the Executive Committee,
and that member is accountable for understanding
its nature and driving actions to manage the risk.

The Global Internal Audit function is responsible for
independently and regularly reviewing and validating
the risk management process in UCB and jointly
agreeing with the business functions on actions to
respond to enterprise-level risks.

As the risks we face are dynamic and changing in
nature, our approach to management of these risks
is also dynamic. We continue to learn and grow to
integrate risk thinking into the organization. The risks
illustrated represent the top items for 2017/2018.


--- Page 6 ---

Top risks for 2017 and beyond

COMPETITION FROM BIOSIMILARS

UCB's response

Biosimilars entrants, adoption and market impact are
increasing globally, with a complex interplay of 1) payer
and regulatory frameworks 2) stakeholder attitudes

3) manufacturer and commercialization capabilities and
4) competitor responses. UCB supports increasing access
of biologics to patients who may benefit from them,

and to providing a superior overall value proposition in
specific patient populations.

UCB focuses on offering solutions meeting the unique
needs of specific patient subpopulations. We continue
to pursue a strategy of differentiation as an innovator
company with a value-focused pipeline and brands
which offer demonstrable superior patient outcome at
a competitive total unit cost of care.

PRICING & ACCESS PRESSURES AND CHANGES

Managing pharmaceutical expenditure continues to

be a priority for healthcare providers globally, and
manufacturers continue to look for new ways to offer
their solutions at sustainable and equitable prices. In the
U.S., pharmaceutical pricing continues to be a major
focus at both the federal and state level. Payers are now
increasing their use of value assessment frameworks to.
inform their formulary decisions.

CYBER SECURITY

By establishing a patient-centered view of value,
alongside a commitment to affordable access for
patients, UCB continues to engage with stakeholders
globally to meet the needs of all our patients.

UCB has also established an executive and leadership
team-level committee to increase our ability to
monitor and engage with the U.S. policy ecosystem,
including federal and state governments and agencies,
to continue to deliver on our vision of making a
difference for people living with severe diseases.

In an increasingly complex and evolving IT landscape,
Cybersecurity incidents like data breaches could lead to
reputational or financial impact, as well as

operational disruption.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

UCB has a security strategy and a comprehensive
security program in place that assures the proper
prevention, detection and response controls are in
place. The program includes, for example, continuous
monitoring and analytics, intrusion incident detection
and response, security testing and user awareness
training and campaigns.

Intellectual Property rights (IP) are essential to foster
innovation in rapidly evolving R&D paradigms and a
politically challenging environment. UCB must protect
its intellectual property rights, be proactively aware of
the competitive landscape and engage in external policy
debates around IP and access.

BIOLOGICS SUPPLY

UCB enhanced the focus of its IP strategies on core
innovation and global patient-focused solutions. We
continue to efficiently defend our IP with litigation
wins on Vimpat® (U.K.) and Neupro® (U.S.). With our
recently recruited IP policy experts, we have taken our
engagement on external policy to the next level.

In the hyper competitive market to deliver new biologic
drug products, there is limited capacity both internally
and with external suppliers. This presents the potential
for real challenges in securing supply to meet both UCB's
develoment needs and supporting our future patients.

UCB has developed a biologics supply strategy to
expand internal capacity as well as secure external
supply partners. This strategy will maximize flexibility
to assure we can deliver on the needs of patients for
UCB’s future biologic portfolio.

UCB Annual Report 2017



--- Page 7 ---

R&D

We start - and end - with the patient. Integrating
the reality of patients living with neurological and
immunological disorders into our daily life enables
us to develop a better understanding of the various
expressions of a disease and to embed the real
needs of specific patient groups in our science and
innovation process.

Patients play a more active role in their healthcare, the
use of artificial intelligence continues to rise and will
impact treating patients as well as drug discovery.

UCB increasingly employs digital solutions throughout
the value chain

applying analytics for discovery research;

improving study design, efficiency and patient
experience in clinical trials;

using digital solutions to enhance or complement
marketed drugs to improve patient outcomes and
experience and, thus, increase value for patients.

After connecting patients’ insight with science, we
translate scientific hypotheses into differentiated
solutions for patients and engage them in the journey.
We carefully design clinical trials, with a robust proof
of concept and clear milestones that enable us to
make solid data-driven decisions. Participating in
clinical trials is also part of the journey for some
patients. Listening to their experience, we challenge
the complexity of studies to reduce the burden

for patients and investigator sites, accelerate study
conduct and lower costs.

Thanks to innovative data extrapolation, UCB did
not have to conduct dedicated clinical studies to
gain regulatory approval in the U.S. for Briviact® in
monotherapy, and Vimpat® for children aged 4 and
older. This approach enables patients to get faster
access to new treatment options.

14

To leverage the power of "big data” enabling
physicians to make evidence-based decisions when
discussing treatment options with patients living with
epilepsy, UCB has partnered with Georgia Tech (U.S.)
for a new predictive analytic platform.

UCB is successfully deploying solutions “beyond
the pill’: new devices such as the autoclick® or ava®
for Cimzia® to facilitate administration and help
patients managing their disease, support programs
to assist patients navigate through the insurance/
reimbursement hurdles, etc.

Innovation will be critical to deliver differentiation. It
might arise from the expertise within the organization,
as well as from collaboration with the external world
through developing networks and the ability to
connect with science, academic biotech start-ups,
everywhere they are. Over the years, UCB has built
up a strong network; further enhanced by the UCB
Venture Fund which gives us the opportunity to invest
in innovative life science and healthcare companies
at a very early stage. This openness to the external
world is not limited to science, it is also developed
with all stakeholders involved in delivering value for
the patient.

UCB's R&D strategy is very clear:

* Strengthen current research technology platforms
and add new ones;

* Strengthen areas where UCB can lead through
new assets;

+ Progress molecules in-house if we can be a
category leader delivering value for patients, for
example in our core therapeutic areas: immunology
and neurology. In other cases, we use other routes
to reach patients: partnering, out-licensing, spin-off
or divesting.


--- Page 8 ---

Evenity™ (romosozumab)

osteoporosis

Rosanne, mother of child@iving with,epilepsy

Phase 1 Phase 2

Phase 3 Filing

bimekizumab (1L17 A/F)
psoriasis
psoriatic arthritis

ankylosing spondylitis

Phase 3 results: end 2019

Phase 3 start: H2 2018

Phase 3 start: H2 2018

dapirolizumab pegol (CD40L antibody)

systemic lupus erythematosus

Phase 2b results: Q4 2018
(Partner: Biogen)

padsevonil (PPSI)
highly drug-resistant epilepsy

Phase 2b results: H1 2020

seletalisib (PI3K 6 inhibitor)
SjOgren's syndrome + APDS! (Phase 1b)

Phase 2a results: Q3 2018

rozanolixizumab (FcRn)

immune thrombocytopenia + MG?

Phase 2a results: H2 2018

UCB4144 / VR942 - asthma

(Partner: Vectura)

UCB6673; UCB7858; UCB0159

UCB3491; UCB0599

APDS - Activated PI3K Delta Syndrome
? MG - myasthenia gravis

mm One mmm iMMUNOlOgY mmm|/|:.7neurology

15

UCB Annual Report 2017


--- Page 9 ---

IMMUNOLOGY

UCB started its endeavor into immunology in 2004
with the acquisition of Celltech, a leading British
biotech company.

Building on core expertise in biologics, Cimzia®
(certolizumab pegol) was developed and first made
available to patients living with Crohn’s disease (2008),
followed by rheumatoid arthritis (2009), psoriatic
arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis (2013). All of these
inflammatory diseases have one thing in common

the immune system mistakenly attacks the tissues it

is supposed to protect - the gut (Crohn’s), the joints
(rheumatoid arthritis), the joints and skin (psoriatic
arthritis) and the spine (ankylosing spondylitis)
Recognizing an unmet need for female patients of
child bearing age and the unique structure of Cimzia®,
UCB now offers an additional and unique solution
Cimzia® is the first anti-TNF treatment option in
Europe that could be considered for women living
with a chronic rheumatic disease in both pregnancy
and breastfeeding.

The latest development for patients targets psoriasis,

a common skin condition affecting 125 million people
worldwide, 2-3% of the world’s population’. When
spending time with patients living with psoriasis and
psoriatic arthritis, the Immunology team learned that
their journey is one of duality, layering physical impact
with emotional experience. Pending approval from the
U.S. and European health authorities, Cimzia® might
become available to people living with psoriasis in
those regions by the summer of 2018

16

The next innovative discovery in the execution of our
patient value strategy - connecting the unmet needs
of patients with innovative science - is bimekizumab,
a dual cytokine inhibitor targeting both IL-17A and
IL-17F, currently in clinical development. Within UCB’s
core antibody discovery platform, bimekizumab was
designed via a rational, structure-based approach to
build dual specificity and high affinity for both IL-17A
and IL-17F. We are now Clinically testing the novel
hypothesis that neutralizing IL-17F in addition to
IL-17A can deliver superior outcomes for psoriasis and
spondyloarthritis patients.

Based on the Phase 2b results in psoriasis, psoriatic
arthirtis and ankylosing spondylitis, bimekizumab
shows potential to bring significant, differentiated
value to patients. We are committed to rapidly
advancing our Phase 3 clinical programs across the
different indications, and to progressing our portfolio
of future innovative solutions for patients with
autoimmune diseases and unmet needs

For more information, refer to:

+ R&D update on pages 72-73

+ References on pages 195

* https://www.ucb.com/disease-areas
* https://www.ucb.com/our-products


--- Page 10 ---

Cimzia®

REACHING MORE THAN

110 Q00

patients living with rheumatoid arthritis,
psoriatic arthritis, axial spondyloarthritis /
ankylosing spondylitis or Crohn's disease

Label update for potential use during
pregnancy and breastfeeding (EU)
Potential approval in psoriasis (U.S. & EU)
Phase 3 results in non-radiographic axial
spondyloarthritis (U.S.)

Phase 3 results in psoriasis /

psoriatic arthritis (Japan)

Net sales to reach > € 1.5 billion

Loss of exclusivity (U.S. & EU)

Loss of exclusivity (Japan)

bimekizumab

might be a valuable novel treatment
for patients living with psoriasis,
psoriatic arthritis or ankylosing spondylitis

he

Phase 3 start in
* psoriatic arthritis
* ankylosing spondylitis

Phase 3 results in psoriasis

Elisabeth, living with axial spondyloarthritis UCB Annual Report 2017



--- Page 11 ---

NEUROLOGY

Brain diseases affect 1 in 6 people around the
world’. The range of conditions — and the impact on
patients — affecting the central nervous system is
wide and unlocking the science behind them is hard.
At UCB, we are committed to delivering value to
patients and looking for new ways to help patients
living with neurological diseases.

One area where UCB has been working in for
decades is epilepsy. While it is the most common
serious neurological condition — defined by recurrent
seizures — it manifests itself in different ways for
different patients. To date, more than 30 different
types of seizures have been identified”

For patients, seizure types and frequency vary greatly.
Some are short, like muscle jerks, while others

are prolonged convulsions. Some patients may
experience them rarely, while others battle seizures
multiple times per day. Focal seizures start in just one
part of the brain, while generalized seizures are the
result of simultaneous abnormal activity of the whole
brain. For patients battling epilepsy, regaining control —
and getting seizures under control — is often a primary
goal leading to a higher quality of life*.

We have come a long way in treatment. Today,

nearly 60% of patients newly diagnosed with epilepsy
become seizure free with their first anti-epileptic drug*
But for 1 in 3 patients, seizures remain uncontrolled’.
These are the great challenges we continue to

tackle. Breakthrough science and technology can
help unlock better ways to care for and treat patients
living with epilepsy. Whether it is contributing to find

a therapy that works for an individual patient faster or
finding new ways to treat the root cause of disease,
we are committed to continuing to unlock the science
and find new ways to improve the lives of patients

18

During the past 20 years, UCB has made a major
contribution to improving epilepsy care by bringing
different treatment options to patients and
healthcare professionals: Keppra® (levetiracetam) in
2000, Vimpat® (lacosamide) in 2008 and Briviact®
(brivaracetam) in 2016. Thanks to new indications
(pediatric, monotherapy) and launches in new
countries, UCB medicines enabled more and more
patients to live more independently from epilepsy.

Unfortunately, there are still thousands of patients who
either do not have access to treatments, or have not
found the right drug... so UCB teams keep searching!
Our R&D colleagues are progressing with molecules
like padsevonil for highly refractory epilepsy and
radiprodil for infantile spasms while others investigate
external options. In partnership with the Georgia
Institute of Technology, we are developing eliprio™,

a program that harnesses predictive analytics and
machine learning to personalize epilepsy treatment.

UCB celebrated the first decade of the launch of
Neupro® (rotigotine transdermal patch) in Europe,
addressing the needs of patients living with Parkinson's
disease and restless legs syndrome.

We are committed to empower patients with
neurological conditions to live the life they choose,
through differentiated and meaningful solutions,
ultimately advancing the standard of care. We will
focus on strengthening our leadership in epilepsy
through drug and complementary technology
solutions and optimizing our impact in

movement disorders.

For more information, refer to:

+ R&D update on pages 72-73

+ References on pages 195

* https://www.ucb.com/disease-areas
* https://www.ucb.com/our-products/


--- Page 12 ---

Epilepsy
Vimpat®, Keppra® & Briviact®

REACHING APPROXIMATELY

2.omiltion

2018 padsevonil Phase 2b start
2019 Vimpat® Phase 3 results in epilepsy PGTCS
2020 Vimpat® net sales to reach > € 1.2 billion
Briviact® Phase 3 results in epilepsy POS (Japan)
Keppra® patent expiry (Japan)
padsevonil Phase 2b results
Vimpat® patent expiry (U.S. & EU)

Vimpat® loss of exelusivity (Japan)

Briviact® net sales to reach > € 600 million

Alexander
Briviact® patent expiry (U.S. & EU)

Neupro®

REACHING MORE THAN

5354000

patients living with Parkinson's disease ©
or restless legs syndrome

2020 Net sales to reach > € 400 million

2021 Patent expiry (U.S. & EU)

2024 Patent expiry (Japan)

Alexander, living with epilepsy UCB Annual Report 2047



--- Page 13 ---

BONE

Whilst our bones grow very quickly in size,

density and strength through childhood, our bodies
experience a progressive loss of bone mass in
adulthood, leading to brittle bones and an increased
risk of fracture. This condition in which bones
become more porous over time making them more
likely to break has a name: osteoporosis.

Fragility fractures due to osteoporosis are a major
public health concern. Almost 9 million fractures
happen every year. A fragility fracture can be a life-
changing event, making it harder to get around and do
things independently. For example, after a hip fracture
+ 10-20% of patients require a long-term

nursing home;
* 40% of individuals cannot walk alone;
+ 80% cannot perform basic activities such

as shopping?

UCB is supporting patients, carers, healthcare
professionals, policy makers and the general public to
help raise the profile of this silent disease, and make
fracture prevention a global health priority. Since
2004, Amgen and UCB have worked together to
research and develop Evenity™ (romosozumab), an
investigational bone-forming monoclonal antibody. It
is being evaluated for its potential to reduce the risk of
fractures in an extensive global Phase 3 program

A robust clinical development program has been
completed, studying over 12 000 patients in

43 countries. Four key studies evaluated the efficacy
and safety of romosozumab for 12 months followed
by an antiresorber in men and postmenopausal
women at risk for fracture.

+ FRAME is a placebo-controlled study that evaluated
7 180 postmenopausal women with post-
menopausal osteoporosis. Results were published
in The New England Journal of Medicine? in
September 2016.

ARCH is an active comparator study in 4 093
postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high
risk for fracture. Results were published in The New
England Journal of Medicine‘ in September 2017.
BRIDGE is placebo-controlled study of 245 men
aged 55-90 years with osteoporosis. Results were
presented at ACR® in November 2016.

STRUCTURE is an active comparator study in

436 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis
transitioning from bisphosphonate therapy. Results
were published in The Lancet® in July 2017.

Based on this substantial data set, Evenity™ is currently
under regulatory review in the U.S., Canada, Japan,
Australia, Brazil, Switzerland, and the EU

For more information, refer to:

+ R&D update on pages 72-73

* references on pages 195
 https://www.ucb.com/disease-areas/Osteoporosis

Evenity™ is the trade name of romosozumab which has been provisionally approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and the European

Medicines Agency (EMA).


--- Page 14 ---

OSTEOPOROSIS
)) A SILENT DISEASE

IT CANNOT BE SEEN, FELT, AND
OFTEN GOES UNDETECTED
UNTIL A FRACTURE OCCURS?

1 IN 3 WOMEN AND 11N 5 MEN
OVER 50 ARE AT RISK OF AN
OSTEOPOROTIC FRACTURE?

A
EVERY 3 SECONDS
SOMEONE BREAKS A BONE
DUE TO OSTEOPOROSIS!

MOST COMMON FRACTURES?

HIP
SPINE / VERTEBRAE
WRIST

OF THOSE WHO HAVE

(e) EXPERIENCED A FRACTURE
ARE NOT IDENTIFIED,

NOR TREATED FOR
OSTEOPOROSIS’

Lut, living with osteoporosis UCB Annual Report 2017



--- Page 15 ---

ENVIRONMENT

All our activities have an impact on
the environment. At UCB, we take our
responsibility to the planet very seriously.

We commit to reducing our ecological footprint
with the thinking that it does not make sense to
provide our patients with solutions for their diseases,
on the one hand, while on the other, destroying

the environment they live in.

For the past 10 years, we have made progress in this

direction by improving our buildings and processes,

raising awareness and encouraging greener

behaviors. In 2015, UCB set ambitious targets to be

reached by 2030:

+ Become carbon neutral by reducing the emissions
by 35% and compensating those we cannot reduce;

« Reduce water consumption by 20%;

+ Reduce waste generation by 25%.

Our Green Strategy currently focuses on the activities
we can directly control and sets clear, absolute
milestones to measure our progress. Confirming our
commitment to meeting the COP21 ambition, UCB
joined the Science Based Target Initiative to fight
climate change.



--- Page 16 ---

2018 2020 2025 2030
Finetune the methodology to Reduce emissions Reduce emissions REDUCE
better capture UCB impact by 5% by 20% EMISSIONS BY

Support reforestation programs in eo}
the Democratic Republic of Congo fe)

and Ethiopia

O 2030 2030

© ReDucE WATER 2 O % REDUCE WASTE 2 5 %
CONSUMPTION BY fe) PRODUCTION BY fe)

Scope covered! 85% 85% 86% 86% 90%
CO, emissions (tons)* 79770 66 100 112 415 94002 87746
Scope 1 - Direct CO, emissions 34 733 37 573 28 415 26 871
Scope 2 - Indirect CO, emissions 31367 28 108 10 936 5 888

Scope 3 - Other indirect greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions NA NA 46 734 54 651 54 987

Water (m*) 810 579 782 633 804 360 704310 663359

Waste (tons) 9146 9654 9746 8712 7090
Waste recovered 93% 94% 95% 97% 91%
Energy (MegaJoules) 1243 344 1089 739 1137502 854 906 810771
Electricity from renewable sources 50% 59% 59% 80% 92%

Beyond the scope change’, factors which influenced consumption are:

« increased production and research activities;

+ variations in climatological conditions (with an impact on the need for cooling/heating);
* implementation of saving programs.

For more information, refer to:
* 2017 sustainability report
+ https://www.ucb.com/our-company/green-strategy

+ Environment data are consolidated for all manufacturing and research sites, HO, and affiliates fron China, India, italy, Japan, Germany, Mexico and the US.;
2017 data also include Brazil and Russia
Scope changes
+ 2013: divestiture of production sites in Rochester, NY (U.S) and Vapi (India). Production capacity increased in Seymour (U.S) and Shannon {Ireland}. Opening of a
new pilot bio-plant in Braine-Alleud (Belgium)
+ 2015: Divestiture of the Kremers Urban operation including production site in Seymour, IN (U.S). Startup of the bioplant in Bulle (Switzerland)
+ 2016: Divestiture of the production site in Shannon (Ireland)
+ 2017: Acquisition of Berryllium in Boston, MA (U.S.)
? In the course of 2018, the UCB HS8E team will fine-tune its methodology to better capture CO, emissions.
+ Scope 1 emissions do not yet include the emissions of UCB's car fleet,
+ Scope 3 emissions due to business travel are included as of 2015

23 UCB Annual Report 2017


--- Page 17 ---

ing with ankylosing spondylitis

FINANCIALS

Over the recent years, UCB delivered continuous growth and built up strong financial foundations.

The growth drivers were our core products — now accounting for 86% of UCB's 2017 net sales - driving margin
improvements to competitive levels - achieving the 30% ratio one year ahead of guidance -supported by continuously
improved reallocation of resources as well as tight cost management.

€ million 2013 2014 2015 restiigd) 2017
Revenue 3133 3344 3876 4147 4530
Net sales 2 801 2938 3512 3 827 4182
Core products net sales 1898 2133 2758 3 162 3579
Operating expenses 1871 1912 2142 2150 2200
Research and development expenses 886 928 1037 1020 1057
R&D expense/revenue ratio 28% 28% 27% 24% 23%
Recurring EBITDA 28% 609 821 1031 1375
Recurring EBITDA/revenue ratio 17% 18% 21% 25% 30%
Profit attributable to UCB shareholders 160 209 623 520 753
Core EPS (€ per non 1.24 1.69 2.17 4.82
Net debt 1998 1611 921 838 525
Net debt/recurring EBITDA ratio 3.73 2.65 1.12 0.84 0.38
Cash flow from continuing operations 267 537 204 726 896
Capital expenditure (including intangible assets) 344 161 146 138 209

* Restated for IFRS 15 implementation

24


--- Page 18 ---

Financial targets 2017 achievements

REVENUE

3.876 4147 Revenue for 2017 increased to € 4.53 billion, by 9% at actual and
3133 Bene 11% at constant exchange rates (CER), well achieving our target for
2017 of € 4.4-4.5 billion. Main drivers of the continued growth are
UCB's core products, Cimzia® (immunology), Vimpat®, Keppra®,
Briviact®, and Neupro® (neurology) with combined net sales of € 3.6
oot oot oois oie billion, an increase of 13%.

RECURRING EBITDA

Recurring EBITDA measuring the underlying profitability grew to

€ 1.38 billion by 33% (+34% CER), driven by higher gross profit and a
continuously improved operating expense ratio. This exceeded our
target of € 1.25 - 1.35 billion for 2017.

R&D expenses of € 1 057 million increased by 4% and represent 23%
of UCB's revenue - above the industry average and well reflecting
UCB's strong commitment to R&D and innovation

€ million

2014

CORE EPS

Core earnings per share reached € 4.82 after € 3.19 — both based
on 188 million shares outstanding. This exceeds with our 2017 target
of € 4.10 — 4.50 per share.

The Board of Directors proposes a gross dividend of € 1.18 per share

I | after € 1.15 per share in 2016 — reflecting the sustainable growth and
& the continuous improvement of profitability.

2014

RECURRING EBITDA / REVENUE RATIO OF 30% IN 2018 — ACHIEVED IN 2017

In 2012, we set a competitive profitability target of a 30% recurring
om 253 EBITDA / revenue ratio for 2018.

W% 18% Due to the solid revenue growth driven by our core products,
efficient allocation of resources towards impact on patient value and
tight cost control, this was already achieved in 2017, one year earlier
than previously guided.

2013 2014 2015 2016

NET DEBT / RECURRING EBITDA RATIO OF 1:1 BY 2018 — ACHIEVED IN 2016

At the end of 2016, the net debt to recurring EBITDA ratio
reached 0.8, already well below the target of 1:1 which we had
set by 2018. Our performance in 2017 confirms this level with
a ratio of 0.38.

2016

UCB Annual Report 2017



--- Page 19 ---

201/
MILESTONES

tr JANUARY

Cimzia®:

* Phase 3 results in psoriasis
* CRIB Phase 4 results

Bi
filing in epilepsy POS - monotherapy (U.S.)

ict?

Creation of UCB Ventures:
to invest in innovative life sciences and healthcare companies

t FEBRUARY

Cimzia®:

Phase 3 start in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (Japan)
padsevonil:

Phase 2a (proof of concept) topline results
Partnership with Chattem:

approval of Xyzal® as OTC treatment (U.S.) triggering
payments of USD 75 million to be paid over 10 years

* MARCH

Cimzia®:
complete response letter in juvenile idiopathic arthritis (U.S.)
Vimpat®:
+ US. Patent and Trademark Office confirmed
validity of U.S. patent RE38,551
* filing in epilepsy POS pediatric (U.S.)
« Phase 3 results in epilepsy POS pediatric -
adjunctive therapy
rozanolixizumab:
Phase 2a start in myasthenia gravis

* APRIL

Cimzia®:

CHMP positive opinion on dose dispenser cartridge for ava®
electronic injection device (EU)

Partnership with Q-State Biosciences:

to develop novel therapeutics for epilepsy

Board of Directors:

« Evelyn du Monceau appointed as Chair

« Pierre Gurdjian appointed as Vice-Chair

Executive Committee:

Charl van Zyl joined as Head of Patient Value Operations

Daphnee, UCB 26



--- Page 20 ---

MAY

Cimzia®:

filing of CRIB and CRADLE studies (EU)
Evenity™:

ARCH Phase 3 topline results in osteoporosis in
postmenopausal women

filing of CRIB and CRADLE results (U.S.)
bimekizumab add-on to Cimzia®:
Phase 2a topline results in rheumatoid arthritis

Acquisition of Beryllium LLC:

specializing in protein expression and structural biology
Partnership with Pfizer:

approval of Besponsa® (inotuzumab ozogamicin) in acute
lymphoblastic leukemia (EU)

Partnerships with CO2Logic and WeForest:

2 sustainability organizations dedicated to re-forestation and
environment protection

JULY

Vimpat®:

CHMP positive opinion in epilepsy POS pediatric (EU)

Briviact®:

* filing in epilepsy POS pediatric (U.S.)

* filing in epilepsy POS pediatric - adjunctive therapy (EU)

Evenity™:

* complete response letter in osteoporosis (U.S.)

* publication of STRUCTURE Phase 3 study in the
The Lancet

bimekizumab:

positive Phase 2b results in psoriasis

AUGUST

Cimzia®:

filing in psoriasis (EU)

Vimpat®:

approval in epilepsy POS - monotherapy (Japan)
Keppra®:

approval of intravenous formulation (China)
Briviact®:

Phase 3 start in epilepsy POS - adjunctive therapy (Japan)
Partnership with Pfizer:

approval of Besponsa® in acute lymphoblastic
leukemia (U.S.)

27

SEPTEMBER

Cimzia®:

FDA approval of manufacturing site in Bulle (Switzerland)

Vimpat®:

approval in epilepsy POS pediatric (EU)

Briviact®:

approval in epilepsy POS - monotherapy (U.S.)

Evenity™:

* publication of ARCH Phase 3 study in the New England
Journal of Medicine

* presentation of ARCH Phase 3 study at ASBMR congress

Executive Committee:

Jean-Luc Fleurial joined as Head of Talent & Company

Reputation

OCTOBER

Cimzia®:

filing in psoriasis (U.S.)

Executive Committee:

+ Dhaval Patel joined as Head of NewMedicines™

« Alexander Moscho joined as Head of Corporate Strategy
& Business Development

UCB joined the Science Based Target Initiative to fight

climate change

UCB won the ‘Outstanding Intelligent Enterprise’ award,

part of the Corporate IT Awards 2017

NOVEMBER

Cimzia®:

Dermira and UCB agreed to end their collaboration
agreement

Vimpat®:

approval in epilepsy POS pediatric (U.S.)

DECEMBER

bimekizumab:

* positive Phase 2b results in ankylosing spondylitis

* positive Phase 2b results in psoriatic arthritis

* Phase 3 start in psoriasis

rozanolixizumab:

positive proof of concept in immune thrombocytopenia

For more information, refer to:
+ R&D update on pages 72-73

POS: Partial onset seizures, also known as focal seizures
CHMP: European Medicines Agency's (EMA's) Committee for Medicinal
Products for Human Use

Evenity™ is the trade name of romosozumab which has been

provisionally approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA)
and the European Medicines Agency (EMA).

UCB Annual Report 2017
