

--- Page 1 ---

Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statement Further Information

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank is one of Germany’s leading banks for private and
corporate clients, and an internationally active universal bank with
locations spanning more than 50 countries. It has one of the dens-
est branch networks of any private-sector bank in Germany, with
approximately 1,000 branches. Commerzbank serves a total of
over 18 million private and small-business customers and more
than 60,000 corporate clients worldwide.

As part of its strategy, Commerzbank is focusing its business
activities on the two core segments “Private and Small-Business
Customers” and “Corporate Clients”, offering them a comprehen-
sive portfolio of banking and capital market services. The run-off
segment Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) comprises — besides the
Public Finance business — all non-strategic activities of commercial
real estate and ship financing. Each segment is managed by a
member of the Board of Managing Directors.

All staff and management functions are contained in Group
Management: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Com-
pliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group
Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group
Treasury and the central risk functions. The support functions are
provided by Group Services. These include Group Banking Opera-
tions, Group Markets Operations, Group Information Technology,
Group Organisation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The
staff, management and support functions are combined in the
Others and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages a
nationwide branch network through which all customer groups are
served. Its major German subsidiaries are comdirect bank AG and
Commerz Real AG. Outside Germany, the Bank has 6 material
subsidiaries, 21 operational foreign branches and 32 representa-
tive offices in more than 50 countries and is represented in all ma-
jor financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo, Hong
Kong and Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank’s interna-
tional activities is on Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the
Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

Commerzbank considers itself to be a fair and competent bank
that wishes to be a long-term, reliable partner for its customers.
We base our actions on the highest ethical values, integrity and
fairness and are committed to complying with all applicable laws,
guidelines and market standards. For us, this is the basis on which
we work in a relationship of trust with our corporate clients, insti-
tutional clients, partners and stakeholders. “The bank at your side”
— everything Commerzbank does is measured against this promise,
and the Bank has very clearly demonstrated its commitment in this
area over recent years.

The banking business has undergone fundamental changes due
to the current low interest rate environment, legal requirements
and digitalisation, as have the ways in which customers want to
conduct their banking transactions. Commerzbank is rising to
these major challenges with the strategic realignment: Commerz-
bank 4.0. The new strategy concentrates on focused growth, digi-
talisation and efficiency.

Full details of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy can be found both
in the Annual Report 2016 and on the Commerzbank website at
http://commerzbank.com. Here are the key elements once again:

As part of this strategy, it will concentrate on its core business-
es and digitalise 80% of relevant processes, thereby achieving
significant efficiency gains and increasing its profitability on a sus-
tainable basis by the end of 2020. Its business is focused on two
customer segments, “Private and Small-Business Customers” and
“Corporate Clients”.

Commerzbank is aiming for a net return on tangible equity of
more than 6% by the end of 2020. This target is based on the ex-
pectation that the interest rate environment will remain challeng-
ing. Should interest rates normalise, a net return on tangible equi-
ty of more than 8% will be achievable. Commerzbank is expecting
revenues for 2020 to total between 9.8bn and 10.3bn. The cost
base is to be reduced to 6.5bn, taking the cost/income ratio to
below 66%. In a up to 2020 expected normalised interest rate en-
vironment, revenues could rise to over 11bn, and the cost/income
ratio could fall to around 60%. For the year 2020 the Bank expects
a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio after full application of Basel 3 of
over 13%.

Group Management Report


--- Page 2 ---

Group Management Report

56

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The focus on the core business, with some business activities
being discontinued, and the digitalisation and automation of work-
flows will lead to corresponding staff reductions. In mid-July 2017
Commerzbank agreed an outline reconciliation of interests and an
outline social plan with the employee representative committees in
Germany. The binding agreements form the basis for personnel
reductions at the Bank in a way which is as socially responsible as
possible.

Concentrating on strengths

Commerzbank concentrates on two strong customer segments:
“Private and Small-Business Customers” and “Corporate Clients”.
This means we focus on our strength: advising our customers,
personally and digitally. At the same time we are concentrating on
our core competences and seizing the opportunities of digitalisa-
tion to become better, faster and more innovative.

The Bank is focusing on areas where it delivers particular add-
ed value to its customers, thereby setting itself apart from the
competition; at the same time, it is systematically giving up busi-
nesses that do not fit with the strategic orientation. As part of the
Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, in the Corporate Clients segment the
business with investment and financial products and the associat-
ed market-making, which makes up most of the Equity Market &
Commodities (EMC) area, is being spun off from Commerzbank.

Private and Small-Business Customers: building
on our strong position

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses
Commerzbank’s private and small-business customers as well as
the comdirect Group, Commerz Real and mBank. We continue to
offer a personal presence for our private clients across the country
with advisory and other services in some 1,000 branches. At the
same time we are expanding our digital offering and creating a
single digital platform for all customers and all channels. Over the
coming years the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
will become Germany’s first truly digital multi-channel bank. We
are strengthening our offering for small and mid-sized companies.
To do this we have created a separate business unit for small-
business customers within the Private and Small-Business Cus-
tomers segment to take responsibility for business customers and
small corporate clients.

The Bank is planning to substantially increase its market share
among small-business customers to 8% by 2020, thanks to good
regional accessibility, tailored product portfolios, digital solutions
and its ability to offer private and business services in one place.
The aim is for these measures to generate revenue growth of at
least 1.1bn in the new Private and Small-Business Customers
segment by the end of 2020.

Corporate Clients: national and international
growth from a leading position

In corporate banking, the Bank wants to further extend its leading
position in trade financing. To achieve this it is looking for fo-
cused growth in the most important trade corridors for German
and European corporate clients. With its deep penetration of key
German industries — automotive and transport, chemicals and
pharmaceuticals, engineering, energy and infrastructure, con-
sumer goods and retail - Commerzbank possesses comprehen-
sive sector expertise which sets it apart from the competition. In
future it will increasingly offer this expertise to its international
clients in Europe as well. Among Mittelstand clients with turnover
of between 15mand 100m as well, Commerzbank plans to fur-
ther expand its market position with the aid of its international
expertise and digitalisation. To achieve this it will further develop
its offering and introduce new digital products and services. The
aim is for these measures to generate revenue growth of over
300m by the end of 2020.

Evolution into a digital enterprise

We will therefore restructure Commerzbank into a digital enter-
prise over the next few years. We are developing a holistic digital
business model which makes banking for all customers as simple
as possible through a strong digital offering. This strategic pro-
gramme involves rebuilding Commerzbank from the ground up-
ward. The aim of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy is to become the
leading bank in Germany for private, small-business and corporate
customers: digital and personal, close to the client and fast and
efficient at processing.


--- Page 3 ---

0 our Shareho! Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

mic

Corporate management

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented control concept. This concept is based on ensuring
that the risks entered into by the business units are in line with the
external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing capacity and on
aiming to achieve an appropriate return over the long term on the
capital employed. In this respect, the Bank regularly monitors the
allocation of scarce resources to business units and actively adapts
its business strategy to changing market circumstances in order to
boost the enterprise value over the long term.

The annual planning process is a key corporate management
tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets
for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the seg-
ments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The seg-
ments put the plan into operation based on the business strategy
and the results of the planning process. The Board of Managing
Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that business plan-
ning is being followed. This ensures any deviations are identified
at an early stage through monthly management reporting and
countermeasures taken.

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses
the standard indicators described below, which cover all the es-
sential dimensions of Group management. Their development is
monitored as part of regular management reporting.

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy regulations. To ensure internal risk-bearing ca-
pacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital
to the segments broken down by type of risk. The average capital
employed in the segments is calculated based on the average
segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level, Common Equity
Tier 1 is shown. The calculation for the segments and the Group
are both based on a fully phased-in application of Basel 3 regula-
tions. The reconciliation of average capital employed in the seg-
ments to the Group's CET 1 capital is carried out in Others and
Consolidation.

In addition to compliance with the capital requirements cur-
rently in place (under phase-in rules), the capital markets are al-
ready focusing on the full application of the CRR from 2018. The
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (fully phased-in) is therefore a key
indicator for the Bank in capital management.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management process are operating profit/oss and group prof-
it/loss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the
cosV/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value
added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used
to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating
expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring
expenses) to income before loan loss provisions. Segment return
on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/oss or pre-
tax profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital em-
ployed. It shows the return on the equity invested in a given busi-
ness segment. As is standard for value-based management con-
cepts, the target minimum return on capital employed is derived
from the expected return on the capital market. With a view to the
Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, the focus at Group level is the return
on tangible equity.

Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the
performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between
the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied
by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of
the consolidated surplus after tax and non-controlling interests to
average Group equity. The capital cost rate represents our share-
holders’ expectations for the minimum return on their capital em-
ployed and is reviewed on an annual basis. The calculation of the
capital cost rate is based on the capital market-oriented Capital
Asset Pricing Model (CAPM). Commerzbank currently calculates
its post-tax capital cost rate to be 7.5%.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of
a system of other segment-specific data that varies from segment
to segment depending on the business strategy.

57

Group Management Report


--- Page 4 ---

Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Remuneration report

The Remuneration Report is part of the Corporate Governance Re-
port in the Corporate Responsibility section. It forms part of the
Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code _

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section. They
form part of the Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the
German Commercial Code and
explanatory report _

Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report can be found in the Corporate
Responsibility section. They form part of the Group Management
Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the
German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) in conjunction with Art. 289f of the German Commercial
Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate governance”, can be found
in the Corporate Governance report. This can be found under
www.commerzbank.com/annual-report2017.

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) of
the German Commercial Code in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the
German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3)
of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the Cor-
porate Governance section as a combined separate non-financial

report.

Important staffing and business
policy events

Commerzbank made major steps in implementing its Commerz-
bank 4.0 strategy in financial year 2017: reaching agreement with
the employee representatives on a reconciliation of interests and
an outline social plan laid the foundations for the staffing and or-
ganisational changes required. By taking over the instalment loan
business we now have full responsibility for an important growth
area once again. Commerzbank once more reduced complexity by
completing the sale of two affiliated companies and agreeing a
strategic partnership for securities settlement. The Bank also fur-
ther strengthened its compliance function. There were some
changes in personnel during the year, within both the Board of
Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board.

Change in the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank

As proposed by the Supervisory Board, the Annual General Meet-
ing on 3 May 2017 appointed Dr. Tobias Guldimann to the Super-
visory Board of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Dr. Guldimann
succeeded Prof. Dr. Ulrich Middelmann, who passed away in 2013
and had been replaced on the Supervisory Board by Dr. Roger
Miiller. The appointment of a successor marked the end of Dr.
Roger Miiller’s term of office; he returned to his role as substitute
member. Heike Anscheit and Stefan Jennes have been members of
the Supervisory Board since 1. January 2017 and 1. February 2017
respectively.

Dr. Bettina Orlopp appointed as a member of the
Board of Managing Directors

With effect from 1 November 2017, Dr. Bettina Orlopp was officially
appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank. As planned, Dr. Orlopp is responsible for the new
Board portfolio Compliance, Human Resources and Legal.

Progress made with the implementation of the
personnel reductions required under the
Commerzbank 4.0 strategy

On 13 July Commerzbank agreed an outline reconciliation of inter-
ests and an outline social plan with the employee representative
committees in Germany. The binding agreements form the be
for ensuring that the personnel reductions announced by the Bank
in autumn 2016 as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy are handled
as socially responsibly as possible.

is


--- Page 5 ---

Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statement Further Information

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Commerzbank takes over instalment loan
portfolio

In mid-August 2017, Commerzbank reached an agreement with
BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A. on splitting out the banking
business division of their Munich-based joint venture Commerz
Finanz GmbH, which contains the instalment loans distributed by
Commerzbank. The split put an end to the joint venture. Under a
partial transfer of operations, around 300,000 customer agree-
ments covering a portfolio of instalment loans totalling roughly

3.5bn were transferred from Commerz Finanz GmbH to Commerz-
bank. The transaction was coordinated with the regulatory authori-
ties and completed on 18 August 2017. The Federal Cartel Office
had already given its approval for the transaction. Instalment loans
are an important growth area for Commerzbank. The Bank wants
to bring the business back in-house and plans to digitalise and
expand its operations. With this in mind, Commerzbank launched
its own digital instalment loan in the first half of 2017.

Commerzbank completes sale of two affiliated
companies

On 13 July 2017, we finalised the announced sale of the interest in
the precious metal processor Argor-Heraeus SA, Mendrisio, Swit-
zerland. On 26 July 2017, we finalised the announced sale of the
interest in the credit card service provider Concardis GmbH, Esch-
born, Germany.

The respective impacts on profit and loss were shown in the in-
come statement in the third quarter of 2017.

Commerzbank and HSBC Transaction Services
GmbH agree strategic partnership

At the start of December 2017 Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
and HSBC Transaction Services GmbH reached agreement on a
strategic partnership in securities settlement. As part of this part-
nership, Commerzbank’s operational business processes for secu-
rities settlement will be outsourced. This will see the creation of a
joint venture in which Commerzbank will hold a 20% minority
interest. Initially the partnership will run for 10 years. The opera-
tional start of the new company is scheduled for the beginning of
2020. By then the two sides will have laid the technical founda-
tions for the data migration. The capital expenditure Commerz-
bank has to make for this and the medium-term savings that can
be expected are fully reflected in the planning for Commerzbank
4.0. An intensive test phase will start in 2018 to ensure that the
outsourced securities settlement activities get off to a smooth
start. It has been agreed that the further contractual details will
remain confidential.

Commerzbank strengthens compliance function

The Bank once again took steps in 2017 to further strengthen the
compliance function. This covers not just structural changes but
also increasing headcount, staff training and the successful re-
cruitment of additional compliance experts with external experi-
ence to work at head office and in foreign locations. This trend will
be further consolidated by means of a short- and medium-term HR
strategy. The compliance function implemented various measures
relating to global financial crime, global markets compliance and
anti-bribery and corruption in order to improve the management
of compliance risks. Steps were also taken to further strengthen
compliance governance in Germany and abroad. In addition, the
Board of Managing Directors and management increased their
communication on compliance risks (“tone from the top”) with a
“culture of integrity” campaign in 2017. The Bank emphasised a
consistent compliance structure in the sense of “three lines of de-
fence” which is actively lived out within the entire Bank. As part of
this model, compliance coordination units were implemented in
the front office (the first line of defence). The Bank set up various
cross-divisional compliance committees to promote interaction on
specialist issues between the first line of defence units and Group
Compliance (the second line of defence). These serve to consider
and discuss high-level compliance matters (e.g. regulatory chang-
es) or specific business issues (e.g. assessing customer groups as
part of onboarding, cases/patterns of fraud occurring). The Global
Compliance Board is the highest committee and is chaired by the
member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for Com-
pliance, Human Resources and Legal. Within Group Compliance,
the highest body is the Compliance Management Committee,
which is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer of the Bank.
According to the requirements of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) Commerzbank London has mandated a
led Person. The consulting company

consulting company as a S
carried out a review of existing structures and processes (especial-
ly with regard to money laundering, financing of terrorism as well
as sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a report for the UK Finan-
cial Conduct Authority (FCA). Following this, the efficiency of the
resulting implementation plan will be evaluated and the Skilled
Person will report to the FCA on a semi-annual ba:

In terms of the findings relating to the settlements with various
US authorities the Bank has dealt with the majority of the findings.
The Bank has also received various interim reports from the moni-
tor appointed by the New York State Department of Financial Ser-
vices (“DFS”), to which it has responded with corresponding im-
plementation programmes. The Bank has already made good
progress in carrying out the implementation programmes and has
dealt with most of the measures.

59

Group Management Report


--- Page 6 ---

Group Management Report

60

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

In 2017, the global economy recorded the strongest growth it had
seen since 2011. Emerging markets provided significant momen-
tum. After a deep recession, Russia and Brazil returned to the
growth track. The fact that the growth slowdown seen in China the
year before was not sustained also helped. The Chinese economy
actually grew even more strongly than in 2016, by 6.9%.

The industrialised countries also noticeably picked up speed in
2017. In the USA growth was clearly higher than in 2016 at 2.3%.
The unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the deep
recession of 2007-09. Against this backdrop, the Federal Reserve
decided in 2017 to raise key interest rates by a further 75 basis
points to 1.25%-1.50%, and also started to slowly run down its
holdings of securities.

The eurozone also noticeably picked up speed in 2017. Growth
was even stronger than in the USA, at 2.5%. The expansive mone-
tary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB) is having an in-
creasingly powerful effect on the real economy. At the same time
the eurozone economy is profiting from lively global demand.
Thanks to this growth, the situation on the labour market has con-
tinued to significantly improve, with the unemployment rate falling
from 9.7% at the end of 2016 to 8.7% in December 2017. Despite
the tighter supply of available labour, wages rose only very mod-
estly in 2017. Accordingly, there was no change in the low under-
lying inflation. The core inflation rate, i.e. the year-on-year rate of
the consumer price index excluding highly volatile food and ener-
gy prices, continues to fluctuate around 1%. The subdued infla-
tionary outlook led the ECB to extend its bond purchase pro-
gramme until September 2018. However, since the start of the
year it has only been buying 30bn per month, half as much as
before. The ECB also decided to fully reinvest the principle pay-
ment of maturing securities even after the programme has ended.

The German economy grew slightly more strongly in 2017
(2.2%) than it did in 2016 (1.9%). Adjusting for the different
number of working days, the increase was as much as 2.5%.

Unemployment at year-begin was a seasonally adjusted 5.4%,
the lowest level since German reunification. The economy was
mainly bolstered by stronger investment and higher export
growth.

Financial markets were once again dominated in 2017 by the
extremely loose monetary policies pursued by the leading central
banks. Investors continued to be forced into riskier forms of in-
vestment such as equities, corporate bonds and the government
bonds of periphery countries.

Sector environment

After getting over a brief period of uncertainty at the start of 2017,
from summer onwards strong economic optimism emerged, espe-
cially in the industrialised countries, and the cyclical improvement
also reached some of the major commodity exporting countries.
The firmer global economy therefore spread to more countries.
Political risk, higher debt and weak productivity growth receded
into the background and volatility hovered around what were in

some cases record low levels.

Against this backdrop, the already high levels of valuation on
global equity markets rose further in 2017. The robust global
economy encouraged long-term yields to slowly rise again from
their low level in the USA and Germany and risk premiums fell
sharply once more on corporate bond markets. Even though the
Federal Reserve — the provider of the world’s most important cur-
rency — tightened monetary policy, funds are cheap all over the
world. Most market participants assume that the tighter US inter-
est rate policy will not slow the economy too much or trigger tur-
bulence on the stockmarkets. This confidence contributed to a
strong risk appetite on the part of investors.

However, the risks to the global economy have not diminished.
Deleveraging by governments, companies and private households
has not yet been completed and continues to weigh on the profita-
bility of banks throughout the eurozone. In eurozone bond mar-
kets, expansionary monetary policy has to some extent served only
to paper over the tensions; and in sub-markets, the banks’ with-
drawal — due to the regulatory framework — is causing anomalies
in prices.


--- Page 7 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report
the

60 Economic report

The Eurosystem’s expanded asset purchase programme is im-
proving banks’ liquidity position and financing conditions, but at
the same time it is putting pressure on net interest margins and
thus having a significant adverse impact on earnings — even
though loans to domestic customers are growing at a faster rate.
While the banks’ efforts to reduce solvency and liquidity risks were
recognised, there were persistent fears about a sustained weaken-
ing of the profitability of the banking system in the eurozone and
the ability of banks to generate profitable returns on interest-rate-
based business.

Last but not least, the importance of cyber-security and com-
pliance was demonstrated once more in the year under review.
The protection of data networks and appropriate staff training are
an ongoing process which the banking sector must take very seri-
ously, despite its already strong understanding of IT security. The
same applies to ensuring compliance with the legal and regulatory
requirements.

Overall, the fundamental transformation of the European bank-
ing system continued in 2017. The sector today is smaller, more
clearly focused on its core functions and less profitable, but also
more robust and resilient to future crises.

Earnings performance, assets and
financial position

The Commerzbank Group changed the structure of the balance
sheet and income statement in 2017. The balance sheet and in-
come statement are now based on the measurement categories
under IAS 39. Details of these and other changes can be found in
the Group financial statements on page 152 ff.
The Commerzbank Group’s operating profit for 2017 came to
1,303m, a fall of 6.8% year on year. Consolidated profit attribut-
able to Commerzbank shareholders for the period under review

came to 156m.

mme

Financial Statements Further Information

Total assets at 31 December 2017 were 452.5bn, 5.8% below
the figure for year-end 2016. On the asset side, the volume reduc-
tion was mostly apparent in financial assets held for trading.

The fall in risk-weighted assets (phase in) to 171.4bn was
driven by a reduction in the risk-weighted assets from credit risk,
market risk and operational risk. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
(on a fully phased-in basis, i.e. on the basis of full implementation
of the Basel III regulations) rose to 14.1% at end-December 2017.

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual
2017:

At 4,201m, net interest income in the reporting period was at
the same level as in the previous year. In the Private and Small-

items in the income statement were as follows in

Business Customers segment net interest income rose year on
year, despite another sharp fall in the contribution to earnings
from the domestic deposit business. The main income driver was
interest income from the growing loan portfolio as a result of the
very good new business performance in most areas and the takeo-
ver of the instalment loan portfolio from the Commerz Finance
GmbH joint venture. Growth at mBank was attributable both to the
increase in business volume and to the continuous improvement of
the interest margin. In the Corporate Clients segment, the positive
capital market business was not able to make up for the burdens
of the interest rate environment and lower income from documen-
tary business associated with the reduction of the bank portfolio in
Financial Institutions and lower customer activity. In addition, the
strategic portfolio reduction of the assets transferred from the ACR
segment in 2016 resulted in an anticipated decline in net interest
income from lending. In the reporting year, the ACR segment
posted a considerable increase in net interest income, caused by
significantly lower funding costs amongst other things.

The 116m fall in other realised profit or loss and net remeasure-
ment gain or loss to -76m was primarily due to negative effects
on income from the sale of loans and the write-ups on HETA Asset
Resolution AG included in the previous year’s figure.

61

Group Management Report


--- Page 8 ---

Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Net commission income fell slightly by 1.0% year on year to
3,178m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,
significantly higher commission income from the securities busi-

ness in Germany contrasted with a steep fall in commissions from

loan distribution, as Commerzbank began offering consumer loans
through its own platform in the first half of 2017 and ceased dis-
tributing instalment loans through the Commerz Finance GmbH

joint venture in the middle of 2017. mBank improved its net com-
mission income in several areas of private client business as well
as in business with corporate clients.

In the Corporate Clients segment, the sharp year-on-year fall in
net commission income was mainly the result of a lower amount of

commercial business.

Statement of comprehensive income |_m 2017 20161 Change
Net interest income 4,201 4,165 36
Dividend income 106 164 -58
Loan loss provisions -781 -900 119
Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss -76 40 -116
Net commission income 3,178 3,212 -34
Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting 1,006 982 24
Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income 748 836 -89
Operating expenses 7,079 7,100 -21
Operating profit/loss 1,303 1,399 =96
Impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets = 627 —627
Restructuring expenses 808 128 679
Pre-tax profit/loss 495 643 -148
Taxes on income 245 261 -16
Consolidated profit/loss 250 382 -132
Consolidated profit/loss attributable to Commerzbank shareholders 156 279 -122

’ Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.)

The gain from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss was 1,092m in the period under review
(previous year: 1,019m). The increase was partly thanks to the
rise in customer activities in Equity Markets & Commodities, espe-
cially the business with structured investment products.
Other profit or loss from financial instruments declined by
134m year on year to 259m. Both periods saw one-off effects
having an impact. The figure for the year under review includes a
gain of 89m on the disposal of a holding in the payment services
provider Concardis. The figure for the prior year includes a one-off
effect of 123m from the sale of the stake in Visa Europe Limited.

Net income from companies accounted for using the equity
method was 23m after 150m in the previous year, which in-
cluded a positive effect from the remeasurement of the assets of
Commerz Real, reflecting the very good situation in the market for
commercial real estate.

Other net income was 465m for the reporting period, com-
pared with 293m the previous year. This 172m increase was
mainly driven by positive one-off effects, including 176m from
the takeover of the instalment loan portfolio, and a one-off gain
from selling real estate.

The net allocation to loan loss provisions fell by 13.2% year on
year to -781m. This fall was the result of a much lower provision-
ing requirement in Assets & Capital Recovery, where the success in
cutting back was reflected in significantly lower loan loss provisions.


--- Page 9 ---

0 our Share Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Basis of the

0 Economic report

In the operational customer segments, by contrast, loan loss
provisions were up: in the Private and Small-Business Customers
segment most of the higher provisions were at mBank. However,
the solid financial position of German households meant that a
very low figure was posted once again for the domestic business.
The Corporate Clients segment also recorded a higher net alloca-
tion to loan loss provisions due to higher provisioning require-
ments in connection with one individual exposure.

Operating expenses in the period under review were 7,079m,
on a par with the prior-year figure. Higher investments in digitali-
sation and growth and increased costs for regulatory projects,
compliance, deposit protection schemes and various banking levies
were compensated by cost management. Personnel expenses were

3,600m, representing a year-on-year fall of 3.3% due in particu-
lar to the headcount reduction under way. By contrast, other oper-
ating expenses, including depreciation on fixed assets and amorti-
sation of other intangible assets, rose by 3.0% to 3,479m. The
rise was largely the result of higher investments in IT, increased
mandatory contributions (including the Polish banking tax and the
European bank levy) and amortisation of intangible assets.

As a result of the developments described above, the Commerz-
bank Group posted an operating profit of 1,303m in the year,
compared with 1,339m the previous year. This included positive
measurement effects from counterparty risks of 81m in the report-
ing year, compared with 525m last year.

Restructuring expenses of 808m impacted on profit in the pe-
riod under review. They were connected with the implementation
of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy and the agreement reached
with the employee representative committees in this regard on an
outline reconciliation of interests and an outline social plan.

Pre-tax profit came to 495m, compared with 643m in the
previous year period. Tax expense for the reporting period was

245m, compared with 261m the previous year.

Consolidated profit after tax was 250m, compared with

382m in the prior-year period. Net of non-controlling interests, a
consolidated profit of 156m was attributable to Commerzbank
shareholders for financial year 2017.

As Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is reporting its results for
the 2017 financial year in accordance with the German Commer-
cial Code (HGB), the plan is to service all profit-related capital in-
struments issued by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft for the 2017
financial year; no dividend will be paid.

Commerzt

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

The statement of comprehensive income, which includes both
consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the
period, showed a net total of 541m in 2017.

Other comprehensive income for the period of 290m consists
of the sum of changes in the revaluation reserve (287m), the cash
flow hedge reserve ( 44m), the currency translation reserve
( 7m), the value of companies accounted for using the equity
method ( —8m), actuarial gains and losses ( 145m), the change in
the remeasurement of own credit risk ( —114m) along with the
change from assets and disposal groups held for sale ( -69m).

The operating earnings per share came to 1.04 and the earn-
ings per share to 0.12. The comparable figures in the prior-year
period were 1.12 and 0.22 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2017
were 452.5bn. This was a fall of 5.8% or 27.9bn compared with
the adjusted figure at end-2016. The volume reduction is most
apparent in financial assets held for trading.

The cash reserve and demand deposits increased by 19.5bn to

55.7bn. This rise compared with the end of 2016 was due in par-
ticular to larger deposits with central banks, and to the expansion
of the cash reserve.

Loans and receivables were 265.7bn, down 10.9bn year on
year. The 3.9% decline came almost equally from debt instru-
ments and loans and advances. Loans and advances to banks and
corporate customers fell by a total of 15.8bn, whereas loans to
private customers rose 10.8bn.

Available-for-sale financial investments decreased compared
with year-end 2016, down 21.4% to 31.2bn. This fall came
almost solely in bonds.

Financial assets in the fair value option category declined by
4.2% to 23.7bn. The volume decline was mainly driven by a

0.7bn fall in secured money market transactions in the form of
reverse repos and cash collaterals and by reductions in equity
funds and money market trading.

Financial assets held for trading at end-2017 were down a hefty
28.4% year on year to 63.7bn. This reduction was driven largely
by lower positive fair values (especially in interest rate and curren-
cy derivatives), which fell by 14.4bn, and a 9.3bn cut in equi-
ties/investment funds.

63

Group Management Report


--- Page 10 ---

Group Management Report

64

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Positive fair values of hedging derivatives were 1.5bn, 0.6bn
lower than the level at the end of 2016. The fall related exclusively

to interest rate derivatives.

Intangible assets rose by 0.3bn year on year to 3.3bn. This
was mainly related to the capitalisation of self-produced software.

Assets |_m pT 31.12.2016! Change
in %

Financial assets — loans and receivables 265,712 276,578 -3.9
Financial assets — available for sale 31,155 39,634 -21.4
Financial assets — fair value option 23,745 24,797 -4.2
Financial assets — held for trading 63,666 88,862 -28.4
Other assets 68,215 50,564 34.9
Total 452,493 480,436 —5.8
ies and equity |_m 31.12.2016! Change

in %

Financial liabilities - amortised cost 341,260 343,798 -0.7
Financial liabilities — fair value option 14,940 18,084 -17.4
Financial liabilities — held for trading 56,484 77,772 -27.4
Other liabilities 9,768 11,209 -12.9
Equity 30,041 29,573 1.6
Total 452,493 480,436 —5.8

’ Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.)

On the liabilities side, financial liabilities at amortised costs fell by
2.5bn to
bonds and notes issued, as maturing issues were only partially

341.3bn, especially in connection with the decline in

replaced with new ones.

Financial liabilities under the fair value option fell 17.4% year
on year to 14.9bn, driven by lower deposits from banks and cen-
tral banks.

Financial liabilities held for trading were 56.5bn, 21.3bn
lower than at year-end 2016. The negative fair values of interest
rate and currency derivatives, which declined by 17.5bn, made a
major contribution to the 27.4% fall.

Off-balance-sheet liabilities rose overall year on year, with con-
tingent liabilities increasing 3.4% year on year to 36.2bn and
irrevocable lending commitments up 1.7bn to 79.9bn.

Equity

The equity capital (before non-controlling interests) reported in
the balance sheet as at 31 December 2017 was 28.9bn, slightly
above the figure for year-end 2016. As at the reporting date, the
revaluation reserve stood at -0.6bn. This was a fall of over one-
quarter, attributable in particular to the positive development of
credit spreads on Italian government bonds. Together with the
negative cash flow hedge reserves and the currency translation
reserves, this amounted to a deduction of 0.8bn from equity,
0.2bn less than at year-end 2016.

Risk-weighted assets (phase-in) were 171.4bn as at 31 Decem-
ber 2017, 19.2bn below the year-end 2016 level. The decrease
was attributable to a reduction in risk-weighted assets from credit
risk, market risk and operational risk. Risk-weighted assets from
credit risk mainly fell as a result of active portfolio management,
including reductions in the workout portfolio, a securitisation
transaction and relief effects from currency movements. Regulato-
ry Tier 1 capital fell by around 0.5bn to 26.0bn compared with
year-end 2016, chiefly as a result of the next stage in the Basel 3
phase-in. The corresponding Tier 1 ratio rose to 15.2% due to the
decline in risk-weighted assets. Common Equity

25.6bn and the corresponding Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
14.9%. The total capital ratio was 18.3% as at the reporting date.

Tier 1 capital was

The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (on a fully phased-in basis, i.e. on
the basis of full implementation of the Basel III regulations) was
14.1% at the reporting date. The leverage ratio based on the CRD
TV/CRR rules applicable on that date, which compares Tier 1 capi-
tal with leverage exposure, was 5.5% (phase-in) or 5.1% (fully
phased-in).

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This infor-
mation includes the consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank

shareholders and for regulatory purposes.


--- Page 11 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank
Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the re-
sponsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major
Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries. Liquidity management comprises both operational
and strategic components. Operational liquidity management en-
compasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,
planning for payment flows expected in the short term and man-
agement of access to central banks. The division is also responsi-
ble for access to unsecured and secured sources of funding in the
money and capital markets and the management of the liquidity
reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management involves manag-
ing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant a
within specified limits and corridors. Additional information on

sets and liabilities

Financial Statements Further Information

this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk” section of the
Group Management Report.

Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from
the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group’s fund-
ing is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups, regions,
products and currencies. Top-level decisions about liquidity man-
agement are taken by the central Asset Liability Committee (AL-
CO), which meets at regular intervals. The quantification and limi-
tation of liquidity risks is carried out via an internal model in
which expected cash inflows are compared against expected cash
outflows. The limits set are monitored by the independent risk
function. ALCO and the Board of Managing Directors receive regu-
lar reports on the liquidity risk situation.

Capital market funding structure’
‘As at 31 December 2017

Promissory notes 14% —— 9"

Subordinated debt 15%

Covered bonds 50%

about 66bn

Unsecured bonds 21%

’ Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had unrestricted access to the money and capital
markets throughout the reporting period, and its liquidity and sol-
vency were also adequate at all times. It was always able to raise
the resources required for a balanced funding mix and continued
to enjoy a comfortable liquidity position in the period under review.
The Commerzbank Group raised a total of 5.7bn in long-term
funding on the capital market in 2017.
An unsecured benchmark subordinated bond with a volume of
500m and a term of just over ten years was issued in the first
quarter. In the first quarter the Bank placed a subordinated bond
worth SGD
has a term of ten years with an issuer call option after five years.

500m in the Asian market for the first time. The issue

Most investor demand (over 90%) came from Singapore inves-
tors. This further diversified the Commerzbank investor base.
Commerzbank also issued two senior unsecured benchmark bonds
with volumes of 500m each and terms of seven and eight years
1.4bn was raised in private placements.
The Polish subsidiary mBank also issued a senior unsecured bond

respectively. A further

with a benchmark volume of CHF 200m and a term of six years.
In the collateralised area, a mortgage Pfandbrief with a six-year
term was topped up by 500m at the start of the year, taking it to
1bn. This was followed in the third quarter by a mortgage Pfand-
brief with a ten-year term and a volume of 750m, which was
topped up by a further 250m. mBank issued a covered bond un-
der Polish law for just under 0.5bn.
The focus has been on the long end, so the average term of

securities issued in 2017 was around eight years.

65

Group Management Report


--- Page 12 ---

Group Management Report

66

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Group capital market funding of 2017
Volume 5.7bn

Benchmark issues Private placements
2.3bn 1.4bn.

Secured bonds

2.0bn

Benchmark issues Private placements
1.5bn 0.5bn

As at year-end, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of 83.3bn in the
form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve portfolio func-
tions as a buffer in stress situations. This liquidity reserve portfolio
is funded in line with liquidity risk appetite in order to ensure that
it is kept at the required size throughout the entire reserve period
stipulated by the Board of Managing Directors. A part of this
liquidity reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity reserve port-
folio managed by Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a
stress event occur and to ensure solvency at all times.

In addition, the Bank operates an intraday liquidity reserve
portfolio in the amount of 9.7bn as at the reporting date. The
regulatory liquidity requirements of the German Liquidity Regula-
tion were met at all times in the reporting period. As at the report-
ing date, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s key liquidity ratio cal-
culated using the German Liquidity Regulation’s
approach was 1.55, again significantly higher than the minimum
regulatory requirement of 1.00. Commerzbank’s liquidity situation
therefore remains comfortable given its conservative and forward-
looking funding strategy. The Bank is not currently drawing on
central bank liquidity facilities.

standard

Despite restructuring expenses of more than 800m, Commerz-
bank generated a consolidated profit, further increased the capital
ratio and substantially reduced the workout portfolio in financial
year 2017. The implementation of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy
was driven forward as planned and the growth course maintained.

The decline in operating income year on year was in line with
our expectations and mainly related to lower one-off income
items; with the cost base stable, the cost/income ratio rose slightly
as expected. Adjusting for one-off income, the objective of im-
proved quality of income and earnings last year was achieved. As
the restructuring expense was recognised in full (we had originally
thought it was likely to be spread over two financial years, and
hence lower in 2017), consolidated net profit for the Group did not
quite reach the level of the previous year, as had been forecast, but
remained positive.

At segment level, it proved impossible to achieve the targeted
increase in profit and return on equity in the Private and Small-
Business Customers business. Customer numbers and assets un-
der control (total loan, deposit and custody account volumes) in
Germany exceeded their targets in financial year 2017, in some
cases significantly. Income was further affected by the negative
impact from tougher domestic competitive environment. Income
in the lending business kept pace with the expansion of the portfo-
lio, despite lower new business margins. A further rise in the in-
terest margin and growth in net commission income at Polish sub-
sidiary mBank was unable to make up for the income decrease in
Germany. Loan loss provisions at mBank were slightly higher, so
the forecast stability in this indicator was restricted to Germany.
We continue to regard the quality of the portfolio as high overall.
Greater investment in digitalising processes and products, intend-
ed to increase efficiency in the years to come, contributed to a
sharper rise in operating expenses than originally planned. Regu-
latory expenses at mBank were also considerably higher, so the
cost/income ratio rose slightly rather than falling as expected.

In the Corporate Clients segment, margin pressure during the
year under review, along with subdued new lending business and
a deliberately accelerated reduction in credit portfolios that are not
part of the core business, resulted in a decline in net interest in-
come and total segment income on a scale that had not been antic-
ipated. A loan loss provision for a single exposure was required at
the year-end, so the objective of unchanged loan loss provisions
was not met. Consequently the operating earnings of the segment,
which had been intended to match the level of the previous year,
fell more sharply than forecast. The significant reduction in the
cost base was implemented as planned, but this proved insuffi-
cient to keep the cost/income ratio stable and it moved up signifi-
cantly.

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment once again carried out
its strategic reduction task faster than expected. As anticipated,
this resulted in a decline in segment income; measurement effects
make up a significant portion here. Despite overall conditions remain-
ing difficult, especially in shipping financing, a significant reduc-
tion in the portfolio was achieved, with a substantially lower level
of loan loss provisions. General loan loss provision improved by


--- Page 13 ---

0 our Sha

Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Basis of the C

0 Economic report

much more than forecast — they were almost halved and came in
well below the lower end of the 450-600m range originally tar-
geted. Lower risk costs were the main reason for the substantial
reduction in the operating loss; we had originally assumed a loss
on the same scale as the previous year.

At Group level the anticipated decline in one-off income and
the increased pressure on margins, which wiped out much of the
success of the growth initiatives implemented, were the main
causes behind a 2.5% fall in total income before loan loss provi-
sions to 9.2bn. Operating profit was down less, by 0.1bn to

1.3bn, as the good quality of the credit portfolio allowed lower
loan loss provisions. Cost management and positive effects from
the headcount reduction under way made it possible to cover both
higher charges for regulatory expenses and high investments in
restructuring Commerzbank to become a digital technology com-
pany. At 7.1bn, operating expenses were at the same level as in
the previous year.

Comme

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

As the restructuring expense of around 0.8bn had a greater
impact on pre-tax profit than the goodwill writedown in 2016 in
connection with the strategic refocusing ( 0.6bn) and restructur-
ing provisions to be reported ( 0.1bn), consolidated net profit for
financial year 2017 was down from 0.4bn in the previous year to

0.3bn. Consolidated earnings attributable to shareholders were

156m (previous year: 279m). As anticipated, return on equity
declined year on year, from 1.1% to 0.6%, while the cost/income
ratio went up roughly in line with expectations, by two percentage
points to 77.3%.

Commerzbank further strengthened its comfortable equity posi-
tion in 2017. Common Equity Tier 1 under full application of the
23.4bn), largely due
to rising equity capital and lower regulatory deductions. Accentu-
ated by the 10% fall in risk-weighted assets, this resulted in a sig-

Basel 3 rules rose to 24.0bn (previous year:

nificant improvement in the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio from
12.3% to 14.1% at the end of December 2017.

67

Group Management Report


--- Page 14 ---

Group Management Report

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Segment performance

Private and Small-Business
Customers

The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment en-
compasses branch business in Germany, comdirect Group, Commerz
Real and the mBank Group. Small-Business Customers combines

business customers and smaller Mittelstand customers with an
annual turnover of up to 15m served by the branch bank in Ger-
many. The segment again saw growth in new clients and assets
under control in 2017. With over 12.7 million customers in Ger-
many and more than 5 million in central and eastern Europe,
Commerzbank is one of the leading banks for private and small-
business customers in these markets.

Performance
m Pe 2016" Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 4,832 4,818 03
Loan loss provisions -154 -119 29.9
Operating expenses 3,811 3,621 5.2
Operating profit/loss 867 1,078 -19.6
Capital employed 4,134 4,122 0.3
Operating return on equity (%) 21.0 26.1 -5.1
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 78.9 75.2 37

’ Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.)

Against the backdrop of difficult interest rate and competitive con-
ditions, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment posted
an operating profit of 867m in financial year 2017, compared
with 1,078m the previous year. In Germany, strong new custom-
er growth, loan growth in mortgage lending that w:
the market and pleasing securities business largely made up for
the persistently strong negative impact of the low interest rate en-
vironment. Investments to further extend the market position in
Germany pushed up operating expenses. mBank again performed

jain above

strongly in most business areas, resulting in considerable growth
in the major lines of income.

At 4,832m in the period under review, income before loan
loss provisions was marginally above the level of the previous year
( 4,818m). Net interest income climbed by 72m to 2,353m, de-
spite a further declining contribution from the deposit business in
Germany. The main driver was interest income from the growing
loan portfolio as a result of the very good new business perfor-
mance in most areas and the takeover of the instalment loan port-
folio from the Commerz Finance GmbH joint venture. By contrast
with Germany, mBank saw the interest rate margin continue to
improve. Net commission income improved slightly, up 21m year
on year to. 1.977m. Significantly higher commission income from
the securities business in Germany contrasted with a steep fall in
commissions from loan distribution, as Commerzbank began offer-

ing consumer loans through its own platform already in the first
half of 2017 and ceased distributing instalment loans through the
Commerz Finance GmbH joint venture. mBank improved its net
commission income in several areas of private client business as
well as in business with corporate clients.

The other profit and loss components largely reflect changes in
one-off income items. This includes other profit or loss from finan-
cial instruments, which fell by 34m to 119m in 2017, following
again of 123m the previous year from the sale of the holding in
Visa Europe Limited. The year under review includes a gain of

89m on the disposal of the holding in payment services provider
Concardis. Other net income of 224m includes special effects of

176m, mainly from the takeover of the instalment loan portfolio.
In turn, the dissolution of the joint venture with BNP meant that
current income from companies accounted for using the equity
method is now only a marginal 2m (previous year: 131m): lower
contributions from Commerz Real play a part here, with no repeti-
tion of the remeasurement gains on assets seen last yt

Loan loss provisions show that the quality of the credit portfolio
remains high, even though they increased by -35m to 154m.
The majority of the valuation allowances related to mBank, where
loan loss provisions increased by -36m to —119m. Net loan loss

provisions in Germany were again very low at
year: -36m).

-35m (previous


--- Page 15 ---

ers Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Segment performance

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

68 Private and Small-Business Customers

Operating expenses rose by 189m to 3.811m. Total person-
nel costs fell 18m to 1,341m, largely as a result of cost cutting
in Germany. Other operating expenses including internal cost allo-
cations rose by 207m to 2,469m, reflecting amongst other
things the increased investment in the digitalisation of products
and processes. Regulatory costs at mBank, such as the Polish bank
levy, had a major impact on expenses and reduced profitability by

116m in 2017 (2016: 75m).

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
posted a pre-tax profit of 867m in 2017, 211m less than in the

prior-year period.

Main developments in the financial year

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment continued to
systematically push forward the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy in
2017. Good progress was made in digitalising services and pro-
cesses and expanding distribution channels in all divisions. Im-
portant foundations were also laid in the German branch business
for the future organisational structure of business with private and
small-business customers.

Growth in new customers and assets under control (AuC) also
accelerated again in the reporting year. The segment is signifi-
cantly closer to its declared goal of increasing AuC to over 400bn
by 2020. At the end of 2017, AuC were 376bn. The branch bank,
comdirect Group and mBank Group all gained customers. In Ger-
many alone, the segment grew by around 500,000 new customers
during the year under review.

Private Clients and Small-Business Customers

The branch bank in Germany offers the range of services of a full-
service bank to private, small-business and wealth management
customers both personally and via digital channels. The Bank is
keeping its number of locations unchanged: private clients receive
advice and/or service in some 1,000 branches, wealth manage-
ment customers in 103 locations and small-business customers in

around 330. The business unit for small-business customers was

further developed during the reporting year. This includes both
previously managed business customers as well as Mittelstand
customers previously managed in the Corporate Clients segment
with an annual turnover of between 2.5m and 15m. Major pro-
gress was made in 2017 in terms of the range of products and ser-

vices for small-business customers.

High quality and profitable growth

In the past financial year the branch bank has once again made
good progress with its core objective of growth and has been able
to further stimulate a sustained improvement in profitability. The
high level of quality was retained in the segment in 2017.

Customer satisfaction as the yardstick for the core objective of
quality is measured using the net promoter score (NPS); this
shows how willing clients are to recommend the Bank. It was at a
consistently high level. External prizes and awards confirm the
high quality of service and advice. For example, Commerzbank
was named “Service King 2017” by Focus Money, and the out-
standing quality of advice made it overall winner in the “Premium
Banks” study by Handelsblatt. The high quality is partly due to the
“Commerzbank Customer Compass” advisory application for pri-
vate and small-business customers. This allows individual, person-
al advice, tailored to the client's stage of life and based on their
financial needs and objectives. This advice has been standard in
the Bank for all customer groups since 2012.

We continued to successfully refine our marketing activities.
Data-driven, cross-channel, automated customer management
through the customer life cycle and new activities in partnership
banking allowed us to accelerate growth in customers and assets
and capture further efficiencies. Traditional advertising cam-
paigns, cooperations with external partners and initiatives such as
prospect handling and loyalty measures for new customers con-
tributed to growth. In its marketing the Bank is increasingly using
data-based methods and advanced analytics to determine the best
offering for a customer and show them, for example, suitable of-
ferings in online banking. As a result, product sales to online bank-
ing customers who have consented to their data being used were
increased by 10% compared with a comparator group. Marketing
activities focused on the free current account with a starting bal-
ance as the anchor product. Over half a million new payment
accounts were opened in 2017, some 110,000 of them online.

In the lending business, the strong trend continued in 2017.
Demand for residential property in Germany remains high due to
the low level of interest rates. As a result the Bank was able to in-
crease new volumes in private mortgage loans by 26% year on
year. There was also considerable growth of 17% in personal
loans compared to 2016. Sales of instalment loans were down on
the previous year in 2017, due to the change in the business model.
Following the dissolution of the joint venture with BNP Paribas,
since August 2017 the Bank has been again carrying the instal-
ment loan business in its own books. June 2017 saw the launch of
the digital instalment loan: this is now much simpler and quicker
to take out. Further evidence of how the Bank is expanding its dig-
ital offering to improve customer friendliness and efficiency.

69

Group Management Report


--- Page 16 ---

Group Management Report

70

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The persistently low level of interest rates is also having an im-
pact on the retirement savings business: increasing numbers of
customers are opting for savings solutions such as pension or en-
dowment insurance. This was reflected in the results of the retire-
ment savings busines:

2.5bn (2016: 2.3bn). In the area of home loan savings, new
business volume of 2.7bn was generated. This is equivalent to a
12% increase on 2016 ( 2.4bn). This shows that the attractiveness

the volume of new business was up 8% to

of home loan savings to lock in interest rates in a low rate envi-
ronment and when modernisation is required remains intact.
Interest rates remain low and fluctuations in the markets, espe-
cially in currencies, were a challenge for investors again in 2017.
In the securities business, Commerzbank customers could again
chose between various custody account models to invest in. The
Premium Fund Custody Account was launched at the start of the
reporting year. This allows investors to buy units from around 100
top funds with upfront fee. All costs are covered by a flat-rate an-
nual charge of 0.9% of the volume of the custody account. By the
end of the year under review, around 2.4bn had been invested in
the Premium Funds Custody Account. The mandate business saw
a big increase in volume. A gain of some 8.5% was posted in
wealth management products. Portfolio volume at the end of the
year was some
19%, to around

23bn. Wealth management recorded growth of

15.2bn portfolio volume. As a result, volume
based portfolio income from securities rose once again, account-
ing for around 81% of total income in the securities business in
2017 (2016: 77%).

The gain for entrepreneurs

During the year under review we further expanded business with
small-business customers. The first offerings specially for small-
business customers were launched: for example, the “start-up of-
fer” comprises basic payment services like an account and credit
card, plus an immediate credit line. The “entrepreneur package”
allows customers to cover their basic needs for payments and
credit, while the “premium private package” adds solutions for
entrepreneurs’ personal needs. At the end of 2017 a new leasing
offering with leasing calculator and attractive terms was launched
in cooperation with Commerz Real, as were “Cash Radar” for digital
liquidity management and “Sector: Radar” for industry and focus
reports.

Customers experience the Bank digitally and personally

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the future
is both digital and personal. At the end of 2016 the application
ONE was launched in the branches; this allows branch advisors
and online banking clients to access the same technical platform.
The single user interface for employees and customers was further
extended in 2017. The Commerzbank Customer Centre has also
been working with the application since April. The shared view of
the customer allows a single, consistent customer experience
across all channels. The new investment advisory in ONE also
meets the regulatory requirements of MiFID II (the Markets in Fi-
nancial Instruments Directive), which came into force on 3 January
2018. ONE means the Bank will be technically better placed to
integrate and implement product innovations or new regulatory
requirements across all distribution channels.

Also newly on the market is a mortgage app that allows cus-
tomers to search for, finance and value property conveniently on
their smartphone or tablet. Services on the app include property
search, an advance credit check with personal credit certificate
and an interest rate guarantee for 48 hours, along with tools such
as a property valuation with just one picture from an independent
property valuer. The customer can check in seconds whether the
purchase price is realistic and the amount they wish to borrow is
feasible. Even the loan application can be initiated at once online.
The customer documents needed are displayed individually and
can easily be scanned in with the mobile phone. If the customer
wants advice, this can be arranged at once.

The banking app, which has been downloaded over two million
times since launch, has also been improved. For instance, 2017
saw a more convenient log-in process using fingerprints or the
biometric log-in with facial recognition for users of the new Apple
iPhone X. The app also has new functions like the preferred PIN
for credit cards. The Bank is increasingly relying on mobile solu-
tions in dialogue with customers: in August 2017 a messenger
function was added to the banking app in the form of Mobile Dia-
log. This allows the Bank to assist customers with their questions
on products and services every day by text, audio and video chat
and give a full answer to their queries. Since Mobile Dialog was
launched it has been used nearly 90,000 times over audio, video
and text chat.


--- Page 17 ---

0 our Shareho! Corporate Responsibility

Financial Statements Further Information

68 Private and Small-Business Customers

Our emp!

Even in times of digitalisation, Commerzbank is clearly commit-
ted to its branches as an important part of the multi-channel bank.
However, customer behaviour has changed over recent years, not
least because of digital change. Customers are making increasing
use of the Bank’s digital offerings, but still want a personal contact
on site. The Bank is therefore retaining its national presence and
the branch strategy is based on new branch models with greater
differentiation in the service offering. This involves a change to the
service model: In the autumn the Bank reached agreement with the
employee representatives on personnel reductions, the restructur-
ing of the advisory model and further steps towards digitalisation.

The Bank also made progress in implementing its branch strat-
egy. Flagship branches in larger cities will be the main showcase
for Commerzbank in future. The final concept has now been de-
termined. Seven new flagships were opened across the country
during the reporting year: Bonn, Freiburg, Dresden, Leipzig,
Mainz, Wiesbaden and Mannheim. In future the City branch will
be the cheap and efficient branch model for local daily banking.
The test phase for this model continued in 2017: further pilot
branches were opened in Frankfurt and Stuttgart. In view of the
positive results it was decided to roll these out gradually over the
next few years. The concept for the City branch won the “Custom-
er Experience Award” in 2017. This is given for outstanding cus-
tomer experience and innovation in distribution, marketing and
client service with retail banking customers. The award is be-
stowed by the trade magazine “gi-Geldinstitute” in cooperation
with the Frauenhofer IAO and IBM Germany.

comdirect Group

During the year under review comdirect Group strengthened its
position as the German market leader in the online securities
business by organic growth and by the acquisition in April 2017 of
onvista AG, with its two fully owned subsidiaries onvista bank
GmbH and onvista media GmbH. With assets under custody ex-
ceeding 91bn for the first time and 29.6 million securities trans-
actions executed, comdirect Group remains the top address for
securities saving, investing and trading. As a smart financial advi-
sor it also supports its clients in all their banking transactions.
Since onvista bank GmbH merged with comdirect bank AG, on-
vista bank has been a business unit in the B2C business segment.
B2B business with institutional partners is done through ebase
GmbH. The extensive financial portal www.onvista.de is run by
onvista media GmbH.

8 Outlook and opportunities report

In an environment where interest rates remain problematic
and trading is quiet, comdirect Group exceeded the growth seen

in previous years in brokerage and banking. The rise in assets

under custody is primarily due to net inflows into securities cus-
tody accounts and exchange rate effects. The numbers of orders
executed in securities trading was clearly up. The lending busi-
ness also reported considerable growth, partly due to the opti-
mised instalment loan offering. Business with institutional part-
ners in key customer segments- banks, insurers, asset managers
— grew too.
The range of brokerage services was extended in 2017 by add-
ing cominvest digital asset management, which already had over
200m in custody accounts by the year-end. The comdirect Group
also raised its profile as a smart financial advisor by using innova-
tive voice control systems. Innovation management continues to
target the central objectives: making it as easy as possible for the
bank’s customers to manage their finances while at the same time
encouraging them to save, invest and trade in securities with digi-
tal solutions and accessible offerings.

Commerz Real

Commerz Real can look back on a successful year, with new busi-
ness volume matching the prior-year figures.

As asset manager for physical assets in the Commerzbank net-
work, the company combines more than 45 years of experience in
asset and investment management with extensive structuring
expertise and a unique portfolio of investment products and indi-
vidual financing solutions. The product portfolio includes hausIn-
vest, which was created in 1972 and is one of the most successful
open-end real estate funds, as well as institutional investment
vehicles and equity investments under the CFB-Fonds and CFB
Invest brands. The portfolio ranges from commercial real estate of
various types through solar parks, wind farms and aircraft to infra-
structure and production facilities. The common thread is always a
physical asset — as an asset gathering product for private and insti-
tutional investors, comprehensive construction management for
commercial projects and a tailored financing concept for corporate
customers. In addition, as the leasing company for the Commerz-
bank Group, Commerz Real offers need-based real estate and
equipment leasing concepts as well as asset structuring. At the
end of the period under review, assets under management
amounted to around = 31bn.

71

Group Management Report


--- Page 18 ---

Group Management Report

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The hausInvest real estate fund reached 13bn at the end of
2017, up around 1.2bn from 2016. With a market share currently
in excess of 14% (2016: 13%) it remains the second largest open-
end retail real estate fund in Germany. 95 properties in 16 coun-
tries and 56 cities with a market value of around 10.5bn generat-
ed a return of 2.7% by the end of 2017. The fund management
team further strategically optimised the portfolio, successfully sell-
ing for investors and acquiring lucrative long-term assets. Pur-
chases and disposals were more or less balanced in 2016, but dur-
ing the year under review hausInvest bought ( 1.5bn) more than
twice as much as it sold (around 850m).

Commerz Real also grew significantly in the institutional busi-
ness. Four special AIF alternative investment funds are distributed
under the Commerz Real Institutional brand with BaFin authorisa-
tion: the Commerz Real Institutional Hotel Fund (opened-ended
special AIF with fixed investment terms), the Commerz Real Insti-
tutional Smart Living Fund (opened-ended special AIF with fixed
investment terms), the Commerz Real Institutional Aviation Fund
(closed-end special AIF) and the Commerz Real Institutional Re-
newable Energies Fund (closed-end special AIF). Three of these
funds successfully achieved first closing.

Commerz Real Asset Structuring GmbH (CRAS) focused in
2017 on structuring individual financial solutions and developing
long-term financial structures for real estate. Commerz Real
Mobilienleasing GmbH (CRML) again concentrated on leasing and
hire purchase models for operating assets for small and mid-sized
companies, primarily machinery, manufacturing equipment and
commercial vehicles. An important strategic step in this customer
segment was moving into small-ticket leasing by providing a digi-
tal application which automatically produces offer and contract
documentation at the point of sale. New transactions amounted to
around 1bn in the reporting year.

mBank Group

The mBank Group is one of the largest financial institutions in
Poland. It is engaged in private and corporate customer business
and investment banking and also offers financial services such as
leasing and factoring, commercial real estate financing, brokerage,
asset management, corporate financing and capital markets advi-
sory. mBank is also active in retail banking in the Czech Republic
and Slovakia.

Financial year 2017 was very successful for the mBank Group.
mBank’s growing business activities were reflected in solid growth
in new customers and revenue, while deposits and loans were sta-
ble over the year. At the end of 2017 the Group had roughly 5.3
million private customers and 22,000 corporate customers, com-
pared to 5.1 million and roughly 21,000 respectively on a compa-
rable basis last year.

The corporate strategy of the mBank Group is called “mobile
bank” and is based on three pillars: customer focus, extending the
bank’s competitive advantage in mobile services and consistently
improving efficiency. Numerous project initiatives were launched
to implement the most important strategic objectives, e.g. extend-
ing the digital offering.

Since April 2017 mBank customers have been able to use a
new smartphone app developed using the results of studies into
how mBank clients behave. Along with a new user interface and
simplified navigation the app also has several entirely new func-
tions, such as Android Pay (for Visa and MasterCard holders) al-
lowing contactless POS payments with a smartphone, a payment
assistant with reminder function for regular payments so users can
pay bills quickly, the ability to contact an advisor directly from the
app using One-Click-mLine, mobile transaction authorisation con-
firmation, a quick overdraft within one minute of request and an
express money transfer by telephone number within the Polish
BLIK system.

A new version of the CompanyNet transaction service for cor-
porate customers was also launched; this is easier and more intui-
tive to use and can be tailored to individual user needs. Company
finances can also be managed on the move, using the mBank
Company Mobile app. This provides quick authorisation for oders
and access to central financial information management.

Under the mBox project, mBank also offer its retail banking so-
lutions, which have won numerous awards in Poland and abroad,
to partners outside Poland. The offer includes the electronic plat-
forms (the internet bank platform and the mobile app) and specific
product and marketing expertise. mBank also supports coopera-
tion partners in project management and organisation and in other
areas which are critical to the success of a digital retail banking
provider. The first partner to profit from the expertise of mBank
will be La Banque Postale of France, a subsidiary of the French
post office. mBank plans to expand this part of the business.


--- Page 19 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

mic

r

Financial Statements Further Information

68 Segment performance
68 Private and Small-Business Customers

Our emp!

The mAccelerator Fund was set up in 2017 as a way for mBank
to get involved in developing start ups in the banking and financial
services sector. The fund’s portfolio currently consists of two com-
panies: Cyber Rescue, a cyber security solution based on passive
biometric features, and Digital Teammates, which specialises sole-
ly in process automation with robotics. Further investments are in
the pipeline.

Outlook for Private and Small-Business
Customers

As part of its growth strategy in financial year 2018 the segment
will concentrate on providing better support for customers to
achieve their financial objectives. The branch bank will continue to
implement the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy under the motto “Cus-
tomer bank no.1”. The Bank wishes to continue to offer its clients
high-quality advice and grow profitably. The focus is on increasing
revenue significantly. Among the central measures is completing
the multi-channel platform ONE. The Bank will also in future -
with the consent of the clients — use advanced analytics to make its
huge store of data available to the branch channel. By covering the
market more intensively, growth will be expanded among small-
business, wealth management and private customers. The Bank
aims to stand out in the market with product innovations and digi-
talise further offerings and services. Implementing a new advisory
model in the branches and advisory teams goes hand in hand with
a further restructuring of the branch network into flagship and city
branches.

8 Outlook and opportunities report

The comdirect Group will concentrate on establishing comin-
vest digital asset management and reinforcing the market position
in brokerage by pursuing the trading campaign. Further function-
alities will also be added to the smart financial advisor. Business
with institutional partners will be driven forward by focusing on
digitalising the range of services, developing robo-advice solutions
and working increasingly closely with fintech companies in wealth
management.

The stated aim of Commerz Real is to further raise its market
presence. The emphasis continues to be on expanding the institu-
tional business and customer-centric digitalisation, mainly in the
product areas hausInvest and equipment leasing. Commerz Real
wants to refine its business model to become a digital asset man-
ager and integrated investment services provider. As far as possi-
ble, all business processes will be automated and products and
services made even more flexible, rapid and transparent. The
company expects strong new business and a further strengthening
of the market position at hausInvest and in the areas of asset
structuring and equipment leasing over the coming months.
Focusing Commerz Real on digital transformation will make it
possible to access new markets and future themes relevant for the
industry.

mBank too will concentrate on implementing its strategy in
2018. The mBank Group will continue to concentrate on growing
its mobile banking services and transaction banking — with special
attention on the ever more challenging customer demands. For
this the bank will consistently improve its existing offerings and
develop new products to meet customer expectations of conven-
ient and innovative banking. In addition, mBank expects the suc-
cess to date of its customer acquisition in Poland, and in the for-
eign markets of the Czech Republic and Slovakia, to continue.

Group Management Report


--- Page 20 ---

Group Management Report

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Corporate Clients

The Corporate Clients segment is divided into five reporting areas.
The Mittelstand, International Corporates and Financial Institu-
tions divisions are responsible for business with our core custom-
ers: the Mittelstand division covers larger Mittelstand customers
and domestic large corporates with the relevant products they re-
quire. The International Corporates division looks after corporate
clients headquartered abroad, large German multinational compa-
nies and international insurance companies. The Financial Institu-

tions divi
trade and for relationships with banks in Germany and abroad and

ion is responsible for financing and processing foreign

with central banks. The segment offers customers the complete
range of products of an international full-service bank, from tradi-
tional credit products, individually tailored financing solutions,
cash management and trade finance, investment and hedging
products, through to customised capital market solutions. The per-
formance of the Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC) division is
reported separately since it is due to be spun off. The Other Result

division handles all business that either has a cross-segment risk

management function or falls outside the strategic focus of the
Corporate Clients segment. These mainly relate to assets trans-
ferred from the former Non-Core Assets and Portfolio Restructur-
ing Unit run-off segments and effects from hedging positions.

Performance
m 2016" Change in
%/%o-points
Income before provisions 3,989 4,447 -10.3
Loan loss provisions -295 -185 59.3
Operating expenses 2,885 2,973 -3.0
Operating profit/loss 809 1,289 -37.3
Capital employed 10,462 11,600 -9.8
Operating return on equity (%) 77 1.1 -3.4
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 72.3 66.9 5.5

’ Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.)

The reporting year 2017 was a challenging one for the Corporate
Clients segment, with persistently low interest rates, a challenging
regulatory environment, the implementation of our Commerzbank
4.0 strategy launched in 2016 and geopolitical uncertainty factors,
some of which resulted in lower customer activity. This was also
reflected in its earnings performance, with the segment posting an
1,289m.
in the previous year. This decline is mainly due to the negative
interest rates, the effects of the business policy transformation and

operating profit of 809m in the year under review after

higher loan loss provisions.

The Mittelstand division benefited from the segment’s solid
market position. Credit volumes were expanded slightly over the
year. The negative impact of the interest rate environment and the
stiff price competition was counteracted by strong demand for
capital market solutions. International Corporates saw moderate
loan growth but lower demand for structured capital market prod-
ucts compared to last year.

As anticipated, the restructuring of Financial Institutions re-
sulted in a customer and income base lower than last year, though
solid over the year. In combination with strong performance on the
equity market and relatively low volatility, Equity Markets & Com-
modities profited from greater customer activity, especially in
business with structured investment products.

In the period under review, income before loan loss provisions
fell 459m or 10.3% year on year to 3,989m. The positive capital
market business was not able to make up for the burdens of the
interest rate environment and lower income from documentary
business associated with the reduction in the bank portfolio in Fi-
nancial Institutions and lower customer activity. The ongoing stra-
tegic reduction of the portfolio transferred from the former Non-
Core Assets segment also led as expected to a fall in net interest
1,730m, down
1,237m, 43m lower than

income from lending. Net interest income was
193m. Net commission income was
last year, mainly due to a lower contribution from the commercial

business.


--- Page 21 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility
the
mic

Management Report

r

Financial Statements Further Information

68 Segment performance
74 Corporate Clients

Our emp!

Loan loss provisions were -295m in the year under review, an
increase of 110m year on year. The higher need for provisions
compared to the previous year was largely associated with a single

position.

Operating expenses were 2,885m, down 3.0% on the prior-
year figure, while spending on strategic development continued.
The decline was primarily attributable to strict cost management
and lower personnel costs, enabling the Bank to offset higher reg-
ulatory expenses and investments in digitalisation in particular.

Overall, the segment posted a pre-tax profit of 809m, com-
pared to 639m in the prior year, which was especially heavily
affected by goodwill write-offs of 627m.

Main developments in the financial year

The business performance of the Corporate Clients segment last
year was largely determined by two factors: externally, by ever
rising competition, and internally by the implementation of the
Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. The focus here was on bringing to-
gether product units and concentrating on the core business, as
well as continuously implementing growth initiatives and digitalis-
ing processes and products. Against the backdrop of these chal-
lenges, we comfortably beat our cumulative target of 3,500 net
new customers by the end of 2017. This demonstrates that our
strategic adjustments are going down well with our corporate cus-
tomers.

Progress in digitalisation

We made good progress in financial year 2017 towards becoming
a modern, customer-focused multi-channel bank and digitalising
our internal processes.

In addition to advice in person, we also offer our customers the
ability to access many of our products and services quickly, inde-
pendently and at any time via our online corporate customer por-
tal, so they can integrate banking transactions into their daily
business. Around 40% of standardised term deposits are now pro-
cessed over our corporate customer portal. As part of digital in-
vestment and risk advice in the corporate customer portal, clients
receive individual product proposals to match their personal in-
vestment objective and market expectations. The percentage of
currency, securities and money market transactions traded online
grew again during the reporting year. The digital lending business
was also further optimised. Guarantees can now be issued quickly
and efficiently online, in addition to the online money market loan.

8 Outlook and opportunities report

Commerzbank is also active in applying innovative financial
technologies. Using the rapidly spreading distributed ledger tech-
nology (DLT) and blockchain technology, Commerzbank carried
out its first pilot transaction placing euro commercial paper with
immediate settlement.

Today, the processing of traditional trade finance activities is
largely paper-based, but Commerzbank is taking a leading position
in developing digital solutions in this market segment. With the
successful market introduction of the Bank Payment Obligation to
protect open-invoice payments, it is now possible to present fi-
nancing solutions which support the optimisation of current assets
for our corporate customers. Commerzbank also successfully im-
plemented an IT platform solution to finance trade receivables
with a market leading technology supplier for selected customers
both in Germany and at selected international locations.

In addition Commerzbank is playing a leading role, together
with other banks, in global DLT/blockchain projects to develop a
digital platform for trade and supply chain finance business (Bata-
via, R3). The Bank is also engaged in this area in a cooperation
project with the Fraunhofer Institute for Material Flow and Logis-
tics IML in Dortmund. The long-term aim is to develop scenarios
for future physical supply chains.

The Commerzbank Trade Innovation Project will consolidate
and modernise the IT platforms for processing trade financing
transactions, which are key for the Bank. The main functions for
processing collections and documentary credit processing were
piloted in two foreign locations during the year under review, in
Europe and Asia.

Setting up sector networks

As a key part of the sector approach, in 2017 the sector experts in
the branches were grouped together with the central sector teams,
who combine strong sector expertise with corporate finance
knowledge, to form sector networks. The aim is for our small and
mid-sized corporate customers to also profit from sector and capi-
tal market skills which to date have been focused on the needs of
large multinationals. This will make it possible to offer forward-
looking financing solutions for all small, mid-sized and large cor-
porate customers. Local specialists - working with product spe-
cialists — are able to offer customised debt and equity financing
solutions to small and mid-sized customers.

Group Management Report


--- Page 22 ---

Group Management Report

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Strengthening the equity capital market business

In order to be able to offer corporate customers and institutional
investors even more comprehensive advice and take account of
changing regulatory requirements, equity trading and the business
with structured equity transactions for this customer group were
successfully merged with the equity capital markets business. As a
result, Commerzbank has a single, highly efficient platform for
successfully winning, executing and settling all equity-based
transactions and services.

Keeping up the excellent reputation in brokerage

The Commerzbank equity business has an outstanding reputation
with institutional investors and corporate customers. For the sixth
year in a row, Commerzbank was voted “Germany — Leading Bro-
kerage Firm” in 2017, putting it in top place in the Extel Survey,
one of the leading polls of institutional investors. This leading po-
sition also includes first place in the categories “Country Re-
search, Small & Mid Caps Research” and “Equity Sales”.

Strong growth in the market segment for sustainable bond
financing

The market segment for sustainable bond financing for compa-
nies, banks and public issuers in Europe and Asia saw strong
growth in 2017. Total volume was 120bn, equivalent to a 50%
increase year on year. We worked on a range of successful trans-
actions in this segment in several European countries.

M&A advisory with an international perspective

Thanks to its broad customer access and the extended sector ap-
proach, Commerzbank played an advisory role in various takeover
transactions involving German and international clients. German
Mittelstand customers in particular were assisted in national and
international transactions. Our customers based abroad were ad-
vised on cross-border transactions with a German connection; the

focus was on customers from Asia acquiring domestic companies.

Market position maintained despite weaker currency market
While an environment of gradually rising yields triggered an in-
creased demand for interest rate hedging, the currency markets
saw little new business, especially in the second half. Low volatility
in particular resulted in very restrained trading activity in this
market segment. The expansion of FX Live Trader, our electronic
currency trading platform for derivatives transactions, allowed us
to maintain our market position in a market which shrank overall.

We optimised the processing for approving new customers on
our electronic trading platforms so we can onboard them fully au-
tomatically in just a few hours. In financial year 2017 the segment
won the “Profit Loss Digital FX Award” for its innovations in the
FX business. Our treasury management was awarded the TMI
Award for Innovation & Excellence.

Commodity hedging is still part of the Commerzbank service
offering; physical trading in precious metals discontinued
Physical trading in precious metals and the associated services

were discontinued in the year under review with the sale of pre-
cious metals refiner Argor-Hereaus SA. Services in non-physical
precious metals trading remain a core business for the Bank.
Commodity risk hedging are still offered to ensure that our corpo-
rate clients can continue to benefit from the full range of capital
market-oriented risk management solutions.

Further streamlining of trading activities

We continued to downsize our trading activities during the past
financial year and focused even more closely on customer needs.
We withdrew from business in complex and exotic interest rate
and currency derivatives and restricted bond trading to supporting
our primary market activities.

Dedicated unit for compliance issues set up within the segment
Once again in the year under review we set a high priority on im-
plementing across various jurisdictions regulatory requirements
that have become complex and ever tighter over the years and
further adapted the systems, processes and control mechanisms in
Bank accordingly. Sustainable success requires us to have guide-
lines and directions on proper conduct. Last year we launched a
major internal campaign on the “culture of integrity” to raise staff
awareness in the segment of the importance of acting in a way
that is legally and ethically impeccable. This also reinforces the
reputation and integrity of the Bank and our segment.

In order to ensure a high degree of security in compliance
issues at segment units, a specialist unit was set up within the
segment at the end of 2017. This will act as the centre of compe-
tence for all compliance issues and be responsible for the follow-
ing areas, amongst other
trolling and communications within the segment, support in
dealing with compliance guidelines where client structures are
complex, advice on the latest regulatory trends, ongoing review of
customer data and assessment of customer risk throughout the
term of the relationship, review of and if necessary improvement
to the quality of customer related data and staff training.

compliance business risk strategy, con-


--- Page 23 ---

areholders Corporate Responsibility

of the
mi

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

68 Segment performance

The creation of the new unit will also ensure that employees at
the Corporate Clients segment both in Germany and at foreign lo-
cations always act in accordance with the applicable compliance
standards.

Mittelstand

As the leading provider of finance to the German Mittelstand, in
this division we serve small and mid-sized companies with turno-
ver in excess of 15m, and large domestic customers with turno-
ver from 250m and a corresponding need for capital market
products. As a leading relationship bank, the segment has a broad

regional distribution network across Germany.

Growth programme launched for smaller German companies

At the end of 2017 we launched a growth programme to expand
our German Mittelstand business. The aim is aim to gain further
market share among small and mid-sized companies, especially
those with annual turnover of between 15m and 100m, and fur-
ther build on the business relationships with our existing custom-
ers. We mainly offer loans to finance further growth. Our opti-
mised advisory model with corporate client advisors and skilled
local specialists, plus digital channels, lives up to our commitment
to be the best personal and digital bank for the Mittelstand in
Germany.

Expanding bond transactions for large German customers

Commerzbank has longstanding relationships with capital market-
oriented companies in Germany with a financing requirement of at
least 200m per year. We won and successfully placed a large

number of bond mandates in 2017.

Strong position in syndicated lending and promissory notes
strengthened

Last year Commerzbank again demonstrated its leading position in
arranging and structuring syndicated loans for corporate custom-
ers, especially in coordinating large-scale transactions for German
and European corporates. Commerzbank’s high penetration in the
German Mittelstand also led to a consolidation of its leading mar-
ket position in the steadily growing Schuldschein loan business.

74 Corporate Clients

High level of issues in the German equity market

The equity markets performed strongly in 2017. Companies’ issu-
ing activity was correspondingly high. On the German equity mar-
ket in particular, Equity Capital Markets significantly grew both
income and market share year on year. In addition to many suc-
cessful equity placings last year, a large number of prestigious
mandates was won for forthcoming IPOs and capital increases to
take place this financial year.

International Corporates

The International Corporates division handles business with cor-
porate clients headquartered abroad, large German multinational
companies and international insurance companies.

Cross-border advisory approach confirmed

The customer-focused advisory approach used by Commerzbank,
with the relationship manager coordinating the globally active
client service team to ensure high-quality advice across borders at
the international locations of Commerzbank, was systematically
taken forward over the reporting year. Our German corporate cus-
tomers continue to make increasing use of our local service offer-
ing for their foreign subsidiaries. International groups too are
choosing Commerzbank as a competent financial services provid-
er, not just in their home markets and in Germany, but increasing-
ly worldwide as well. In addition to the local service, customers
find the broad product portfolio of cash management, trade fi-
nance, corporate finance and interest rate and currency manage-
ment attractive. This makes Commerzbank a well-positioned and
reliable partner for corporate customers as they continue to inter-
nationalise.

Important partner for export-oriented corporate customers
Increasing globalisation and the resultant international competi-
tion mean our export customers face the challenge of not only
having to provide their foreign business partners with technically
attractive and innovative product offerings — they also have to offer
attractive payment and financing options. As part of its range of
international trade services Commerzbank offers long-term export
financing in conjunction with more than 15 government export
credit insurers such as Euler Hermes. The export financing spe-
cialists are available to our customers at 14 locations in important
export markets around the world, offering their expertise on struc-
turing and implementing financing, as well as providing direct local
support.

77

Group Management Report


--- Page 24 ---

Group Management Report

78

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

International range of services strengthened with new

partner bank

The partnership agreement signed in May 2017 with Mashreqbank,
one of the leading institutions in the United Arab Emirates, gives
Commerzbank corporate customers rapid and efficient access to
local banking services. Our network of international partner banks
plus the 50 or so own locations mean Commerzbank is present for
corporate customers in all the major markets around the world.

Further diversification in bond issues

We further diversified our bond issuing activities for international
corporates in reporting year 2017. Our regional focus is on issuers
from Germany, France, the rest of Europe and the UK, supplement-
ed by issuers from the USA. Some securities were issued as multi-
tranche bonds denominated in euro, dollars and sterling. Compa-
nies mostly used the bonds for regular corporate financing or to
pay for acquisitions. We also saw further considerable growth in
liability management.

Financial Institutions

The Financial Institutions division is responsible for relationships
with banks in Germany and abroad and with central banks. In car-
rying out its activities, Financial Institutions makes use of a global
network of correspondent banks and established links in emerging
markets, thus promoting the Group's global foreign trade activities
and supporting other segments in their international activities and
strategies. Financial Institutions assists its customers throughout
the world with (foreign) payment transactions, hedging of foreign
trade risks and funding for foreign trade deals. The Financial Insti-
tutions division also provides its customers with bilateral loans,
supports them in syndicated loans and offers solutions for active
risk management.

Implementation of the new strategic alignment completed
Financial Institutions successfully completed the realignment of
its correspondent banking strategy in the past financial year in
view of the changed global market environment and increasingly
strict regulatory requirements. The complexity of the bank portfo-
lio was considerably reduced, at almost no cost in terms of capa-
bilities. Financial Institutions retains a competitive global network
of correspondent banks which are very important for the custom-
er areas of Commerzbank. This ensures that Commerzbank will
remain the market leader for the settlement of Germany’s foreign
trade in the future.

The extension of participation in trade facilitation programmes
to new target markets over recent years and newly developed for-
mats further promote trade financing. The Bank will continue to
support German and European export-oriented corporate clients
with their international trading business in the world’s main trade
corridors. The specialist magazine Global Finance awarded
Commerzbank the title “Best Trade Finance Bank Germany” - an
indication of its trade finance skills.

Comprehensive product range in payments

In cash management we offer our customers a comprehensive
range of products and services to optimise their national and in-
ternational cash and treasury management. These include multi-
bank-enabled solutions for national and international payments
and an extensive digital offering. In addition, in reporting year
2017 we continually kept our customers informed of the latest
risks in payments, to protect them from these new forms of fraud.
The prestigious specialist magazine Global Finance and research
firm Greenwich Associates honoured Commerzbank with multiple
awards for outstanding performance in cash management.

Numerous awards in the Pfandbrief segment

Once again in financial year 2017 we expanded our strong market
position in the global Pfandbrief segment. We improved our mar-
ket position in the international Pfandbrief segment to fourth
place, from fifth the previous year. We remain the market leader in
Germany in unsecured bonds. In 2017 Commerzbank again won
two important awards for its success in the Pfandbrief segment:
the prestigious “Best Euro House 2017” from the magazine The
Cover, and “Covered Bond House of the Year” from IFR.


--- Page 25 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility
the
mic

Management Report

Financial Statements Further Information

r

68 Segment performance
74 Corporate Clients

Our emp!

Equity Markets & Commodities

As already announced, as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy,
the business with investment and financial products and the asso-
ciated market-making, which makes up most of the Equity Market
& Commodities (EMC) area, is being spun off from Commerzbank.
The business being split out comprises the established ETF brand,
the associated leading platform for ETF market-making and the
business in structured trading and investment products, which are
in demand from both private clients and institutional investors.
This will allow the unit to better concentrate on its key competen-
cies as a leading European and Asian provider and market maker
for financial products and make even more efficient use of finan-
cial resources.

Intensive preparations were made for the legal spin-off during
the year under review and applications made to the supervisory
authorities for the necessary licences. All strategic options for a
subsequent placing in the market will be further analysed in
depth.

In a trading environment like the year under review, with low
volatility and a change in correlation, the division profited from
increased customer activity and was able to improve performance
significantly compared to the prior year, especially in business
with investment products. This was in particular due to the dou-
bling of income in electronic trading in this division.

The asset management business also performed strongly and
saw further inflows during the year. The EMC expertise in man-
aged investment solutions, especially multi-asset, sustainability
and commodities, won numerous awards over the financial year.
Thanks to the launch of the Commerzbank/Mattioli Woods Fund
for structured products, an innovative product solution, we won
the “Retail Investment Product” Risk Award 2018.

Along with a strong market position in several European coun-
tries, EMC also reported growing interest in its products in Asia.
During the year under review the business in Asia achieved its
best results to date. This was confirmed by winning “ETF House of
the Year” at the Structured Products Asia Awards for the second
time in a row, and “Best House for China” at the Asia Pacific
Awards for Structured Retail Products.

8 Outlook and opportunities report

Outlook for Corporate Clients

In the current business year the Corporate Clients segment will
continue to concentrate on further implementing the Commerzbank
4.0 strategy. Both the initiatives announced back in 2016 and those
started in the year under review will be actively driven forward. The
successful agreement reached with the employee representatives
last year, which will be accompanied by implementation of the
agreed target organisational structure during 2018 and personnel
reductions in the following two years, was essential for this.

We are keen to expand our market position in Germany and
abroad by winning further new customers and come closer to our
target of 10,000 new customers by 2020. In Germany we will focus
mainly on small and mid-sized customers with turnover of be-
tween 15m and 100m. Special concentration will be paid to
gaining further market share by systematically exploiting our
strengths in corporate finance and trade finance, risk manage-
ment, international presence and digitalisation.

The further growth in customers will be supported by advertis-
ing campaigns and focused sales activities. New digital offerings
will make the Bank more attractive to new customers and increase
the loyalty of existing ones.

A new optimised advisory model will support differentiation
from the competitors, combining a broad regional presence of ad-
visors in person with digital distribution channels which proactive-
ly boost customer retention. At the same time, the old sales chan-
nels will be refocused by grouping similar activities together and
outsourcing administrative activities to downstream divisions of
the Bank to take the pressure off distribution, so they can deal
even more closely with customers’ needs. Operational excellence
will also be emphasised, so customers and advisors can enjoy
lean, largely digital, processing. The idea of the one-stop shop will
be actively used as a competitive advantage.

We wish to further build on our market leading position as the
provider of finance for the Mittelstand. In 2018 we will again assist
our corporate customers as a competent and reliable lender. We
also expect sustainable financing with environmental or social fea-
tures to continue to gain in importance, as increasing numbers of
issuers and investors move into the segment.

79

Group Management Report


--- Page 26 ---

Group Management Report

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

We wish to realise further growth potential in corporate finance
and trade finance too, by continuing to focus on the sector ap-
proach and by modernising and further consolidating our IT plat-
forms so foreign trade can be processed even more efficiently. As
part of the digital transformation an increase in application pro-
gramming interface (API) banking for our customers is planned.

We are further aiming to develop our digital new issue systems
landscape, including expanding blockchain capabilities and inte-

grating a bond database. Our expertise in public-sector funding
will be strengthened by continuing to develop digital applications.

The separation of the EMC division, which is no longer a part of
the segment’s core business, will be progressed in 2018 with the
aim of bringing the business to market in the short to medium term.

Special attention will be paid when implementing these
measures to further strengthening the segment’s compliance
culture.


--- Page 27 ---

Shareholde Co

Financial State

urther Information

68 Segment performance
81 Asset & Capital Recovery

Our e

88 Outlook and o

Asset & Capital Recovery

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment comprises the complex
financings of the portfolios in the areas Commercial Real Estate
(CRE), Ship Finance (SF) and Public Finance (PF).

The ACR run-off strategy aims to systematically reduce the indi-
vidual segment portfolios in a way that preserves value and mini-
mises risk. The aim of this asset reduction is to free up capital so
that it can be employed in business areas offering higher returns.

Performance
m P| 20161 Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 166 213 -22.2
Loan loss provisions =336 =599 = 43.9
Operating expenses 98 128 -23.4
Operating profit/loss -269 -515 -47.8
Capital employed 2,982 3,308 -9.8
Operating return on equity (%) -9.0 -15.6 65
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 59.4 60.4 -0.9

* Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.)

In financial year 2017, despite difficult overall conditions particu-
larly in the international shipping markets, the ACR segment was
able to reduce total volumes (exposure at default (EaD), including
problem loans) of assets that no longer form part of the core busi-
ness of Commerzbank by more than 2bn to 14.0bn with a sig-
nificantly reduced burden on the income statement. The reduction
focused on the riskiest sub-portfolios in commercial real estate
and shipping loans, and as a result the volume of problem loans
also fell significantly. The ACR segment reported a strong im-
provement in operating profit in 2017: the loss of _—515m in 2016
269m.

Income before loan loss provisions fell

was almost halved to
by 47m to 166m,
reflecting the considerable progress in cutting back segment as-
sets. In the previous year the 135m partial write-up on the former
position in HETA Asset Resolution AG, which was reported almost
completely under other realised profit or loss and net remeasure-
ment gain or loss, made a major contribution to income; in 2017,
however, earnings were lifted by one-off income of 68m. The
amount reported under net gains from financial assets and liabili-
ties measured at fair value through profit and loss arose from the
write-up of a position with a counterparty with whom Commerz-
bank had taken out a hedge in the Public Finance division, which
had previously been written down.

The success in shrinking assets was reflected in the sharp fall
in impairments. Loan loss provisions came to -336m, compared
with -599m the previous year. The expense related almost entirely
to ship financing.

In line with a further reduction in headcount, operating expenses
fell 30mto 98m.

Overall, the ACR segment posted a pre-tax loss of -269m in
the 2017 reporting period. This represents a 246m reduction in

the loss compared with the same period of the previous year.

81

Group Management Report


--- Page 28 ---

Group Management Report

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Main developments in the financial year

Reduction strategy continued

For all assets bundled in the ACR segment, a reduction plan for all
ACR portfolios is being drawn up as part of the comprehensive
management plan. The focus of the portfolio reduction is on re-
ducing EaD (including NPLs). The priority here is to reduce the
more risky assets. The management of ACR also has an efficient
tool kit for reducing the portfolio. In addition to active restructur-
ing and the use of market opportunities, improved access to inves-
tors and capital markets in recent years has made it possible to
reduce assets in a selective manner by selling sub-portfolios, pro-
vided capital is freed up as a result.

The value-preserving portfolio reduction in financial year 2017
2bn, taking EaD to 14.0bn, including NPLs. The EaD
volume of the CRE and ship finance portfolio stood at 4.1bn as at
the end of 2017. Risk-weighted assets (RWA) fell by 3bn year on
year to. 18bn. The secured funding for ACR’s activities comes
from lettres de gage publiques. Securities repo transactions also
play a role in funding the portfolio. Optimising the funding struc-

was over

ture — through active cover pool management, for example — is an
important component of the reduction strategy. The ACR segment
still has sufficient numbers of highly qualified staff with many
years of experience in the different asset classes. The operating
stability of the units within the ACR segment is assured.

Commercial Real Estate

In financial year 2017 the total CRE volume (EaD) was further re-
duced by 1.0bn or 42% to 1.4bn through active management.
In CRE Germany, which still accounts for around 31% of the total
exposure, EaD declined by 45% to 0.4bn. In CRE International,
which accounts for around 69% of the total portfolio, EaD fell by
40% over the course of 2017 to 1.0bn. The breakdown of the
overall portfolio by type of use is as follows: the main components
of the exposure are the sub-portfolios office ( 0.2bn), retail
( 0.8bn) and logistics ( 0.2bn).

Ship Finance

In financial year 2017 the portfolio volume (EaD) booked in ACR
was reduced by 2.2bn from 4.8bn to 2.6bn. Aside from the
ongoing reduction in problem loans at individual loan level, the
focus of reduction activities in 2017 was on the sale of selected
loans from the performing loan book.

In 2017 the bulker and container markets recovered from their
historic lows seen in 2016, sometimes considerably. This does not
yet mean that all loans can be fully serviced, however. Tanker
markets remained very weak in the reporting year.

The portfolio is divided principally between three standard
types of ship, namely containers ( 1.0bn), tankers ( 0.5bn) and
bulkers ( 0.4bn). The rest of the portfolio ( 0.7bn) consists of var-
ious special tonnages which are well diversified across the various
ship segments.

Public Finance

The Public Finance portfolio consists mainly of loans to local
authorities, other public-sector or quasi-public-sector institutions,
companies or financing institutions.

EaD rose by 1.0bn over the past financial year to 10.0bn, as
a result of restructurings. Most of the exposure is in western

Europe and North America.

Outlook for Asset & Capital Recovery

The run-off strategy for the ACR segment will be rigorously pur-
sued in the coming years. The aim is still to run off the remaining
portfolios and residual risks completely over time in a way that
preserves value and releases capital. Opportunities to sell assets
and portfolios will therefore continue to be taken in cases where a
sale makes economic sense. By the end of 2018, the ACR segment
aims to further substantially reduce the CRE and DSB portfolios.


--- Page 29 ---

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

mic

Management Report

of the C

Financial Statements Further Information

mmerzbank Group

68 Segment performance
81 Asset & Capital Recovery

Our emp!

88 Outloo

In CRE, persistently low interest rates and ongoing pressure on
both large and small investors to invest are such that we assume
real estate will remain an attractive asset class, especially in the
eurozone. Stable market conditions are expected for the short to
medium term.

In Ship Finance we are keen to continue to run down the port-
folio, depending on market conditions. The future speed of portfo-
lio reduction will continue to depend crucially on the performance
of the shipping markets.

opportunities report

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is de-
pendent on political, economic and monetary developments, par-
ticularly in the UK and the USA. The Public Finance division will
continue to seek out and make use of opportunities for asset and
portfolio reductions that are focused on risks and do not harm
profits.

83

Group Management Report


--- Page 30 ---

Group Management Report

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments. Re-
porting for this segment under Others comprises equity participa-
tions that are not assigned to business segments, overarching
Group matters such as expenditure on regulatory fees, specific
individual matters that cannot be allocated to the segments and
Group Treasury. The costs of the support functions, which are
mainly charged to the segments, are also shown here. Consolida-
tion includes income and expense items that represent the recon-
ciliation of internal management reporting figures shown in seg-
ment reporting with the Group financial statements in accordance

with IFRS. The costs of the staff and management functions are
also mainly charged to the segments and shown here. Restructur-
ing costs for support functions and staff and management func-
tions are not included in this charging.
The segment recorded an operating loss of
compared with
349m increase included one-off income from a property sale and
a lower burden from the purchase price allocation associated with
the acquisition of Dresdner Bank. Taking into account restructur-

-104m in 2017
-453m in the previous year. Reasons for the

ing expenses of 808m in connection with the implementation of
the headcount reduction as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy,
Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax result of -911m in
2017, compared with -559m in 2016.


--- Page 31 ---

Management Report

60

85 Our employees

88 Outlook and

Our employees

Our employees are a major part of our corporate success. We can
only achieve our business objectives with motivated and high-
performing staff. Their commitment and skills make us strong
competitors. Our goal is to constantly make Commerzbank a more
attractive employer as a result of our HR activities. At the same
time, HR plays a key part in implementing the Bank’s new busi-
ness model. The values of our corporate culture include a shared

Financ

urther Information

leadership philosophy and our code of conduct. These help our
employees to find their bearings, especially in times of change. We
strongly believe that observing the rules and behaving with integ-
rity strengthens our reputation and ensures our sustainable busi-
ness success. Compliance and integrity are therefore major ele-
ments of our business model.

Actual number employed 31.12.2017 31.12.2016
Total staff Group 49,417 49,941
Total staff parent bank 33,850 35,211

At year-end 2017, the Commerzbank Group employed 49,417 staff,
a decrease of 524 employees compared with year-end 2016. The
number of full-time equivalents was 43,560, compared with 44,267
in the previous year (FTEs excluding trainees were 41,814 com-
pared with 42,190 the previous year). The following table shows
full-time employees at year-end by

segment and by

staff/management and support function. The staff/management
functions perform central Group management tasks. The support
functions ensure that the business processes underlying the
Bank’s operations ~— run The
staff/management and support functions are mainly charged to the

smoothly. costs of the

segments on the basis of an internal allocation formula.

Full-time personnel 31.12.2016"
Private and Small-Business Customers 20,534 20,940
Corporate Clients 6,030 6,310
Staff/management functions and Support functions? 16,996 17,017
Group total 43,560 44,267

’ Prior year restated.

 ‘Stafffmanagement functions: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Compliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group Human Resources,

Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group Treasury and the central risk functions. Support functions: Group Banking Operations, Group Markets Operations,

Group Information Technology, Group Organisation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The staff/management and support functions are combined in the Others

and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

Most employees in the Commerzbank Group (around 75%) work
in Germany. The average length of service at Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft (Germany) is around 21 years; 18% have
worked for the Bank for up to 9 years, 30% for between 10 and
19 years, and over half for 20 years or more. The employee turno-

ver rate in 2017 was 4.6%, compared with 3.7% in 2016.

HR work supports the new business model

The focus on the core business, with some business activities be-
ing discontinued, and the digitalisation and automation of work-
flows is leading to corresponding staff reductions. In order to do
this as socially responsibly as possible, Commerzbank has agreed
an outline reconciliation of interests and an outline social plan
with the employee representative committees in Germany. In addi-
tion, 32 partial reconciliations of interest were negotiated for the
individual Group divisions. The way to the new target structure
has therefore been defined.

At the same time, HR plays a key part in successfully imple-
menting the Bank’s new business model. It supported the business
units in the negotiations with employee representatives and is ac-
companying them as they move towards the new organisational
structure.

Promoting digital competence

Engaged and capable employees make a vital contribution to
Commerzbank’s success. To ensure this, the Bank has refocused
its strategic agenda for HR work out to 2020. The aim is to create a
framework for employees and managers to play a competent and mo-
tivated role in helping to shape digital transformation at Commerz-
bank.

85

Group Management Report


--- Page 32 ---

Group Management Report

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

We want our employees to be aware of digitalisation and have
the skills for it. We provide events across the Bank where they can
extend their knowledge about digital issues. We train them in agile
working methods and build up new competences. We also pro-
mote the next generation of talent. We are taking new paths to
find digital talents. Our international Digital Banking Trainee pro-
gramme aims to attract digital talents from various academic sub-
jects. During the year under review we hired 24 graduates for the
trainee programme. This new programme means we are playing a
pioneering role in the European banking market. It is supporting
us on our way towards becoming a digital technology company.

Digitalisation is also reflected in our products and HR processes.
We are working to digitalise most of these. The objective is to
simplify and standardise our HR processes.

Strong culture of integrity at the Bank for
sustainable success

We want to be economically successful and profitable over the
long term. For that we need a good reputation and a strong brand.
Compliance and integrity are therefore major elements of our
business model. A strong culture of integrity helps us to get our
bearings and take the right decision. Integrity has for years been
part of our corporate culture and is set down in our ComValues.

We launched a Bank-wide campaign on the culture of integrity
during the reporting year as a way of strengthening our corporate
culture. This is intended to raise employees’ awareness of integri-
ty. And to motivate them to continue to act attentively, honestly
and fairly.

Our Code of Conduct is also based on our ComValues. These
set out minimum standards for behaving with integrity at the Bank
and helping us to assess situations correctly. If we follow these
principles, we protect the good reputation of the Bank and
strengthen our brand. We are confident this gives us a clear com-
petitive advantage.

During the year under review we revised the Code of Contact,
adding practical examples. The revised principles provide us with
clear, understandable help in acting properly.

Diversity management an integral part of HR
strategy

Diversity and inclusiveness are firmly integrated in our corporate
culture. Diversity stands for the variety of our employees and cus-
tomers. Inclusiveness describes an environment where diversity is
acknowledged and everyone has the opportunity to develop in line
with their abilities and interests. We are clearly committed to a
mutually accepting working environment which is free of preju-
dice. As a signatory to the Diversity Charter in Germany we give a
clear sign that we acknowledge and value the diversity and equali-
ty of our employees, customers and business partners. Both, em-
ployees and the Bank benefit from this. During the year Commerz-
bank held the fifth German Diversity Day, with numerous national
events and workshops for staff.

Bank promotes good work/life balance

Our employees should be able to have a good work/life balance.
For this reason, we support them with flexible working time mod-
els, opportunities to work from home and childcare services. We

have also been working for some years now with professional

partners on the issue of care. We support staff members who care
for relatives, e.g. by providing advice and arranging care places.
We also offer them the opportunity to network on various topics
both within and outside the Bank, such as at events or in staff
groups on various topics.

Number of women in management positions
up again

In the year under review Commerzbank had 30.7% of manage-
ment positions occupied by women, more than in 2016. It remains
important for us to encourage female employees into management
functions in future. Commerzbank has set itself the objective of
having 35% of management positions held by women by the end
of 2021. Positions are of course filled solely on the basis of qualifi-
cation and competence.


--- Page 33 ---

esponsibility

68 Segmer

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statement

Further Information

rm:

85 Our employees

88 Outlook and

Bank encourages employees to live and work in
a way that is healthy

Our employees are more motivated and can perform better if they
live and work in a way that is healthy. As long ago as 2012 Commerz-
bank gave a commitment to integrating health objectives in its HR
policies and in all other areas of the business. Since then we have
shown dedication to the health of our employees well in excess of
what is required by law. We offer employees a wide range of in-
formation and training on health issues. We also encourage our
managers to be aware of healthy behaviour in daily working life.

We also supported some 160 company sports groups with
around 16,000 members in more than 50 types of sport at Commerz-
bank during the year under review. We also ran numerous cam-
paigns to encourage people to keep mobile. As in previous years,
just under 1,900 Commerzbank employees rose to the challenge of
walking at least 10,000 paces for 100 days.

Not only the physical but also the mental health of our employ-
ees is very important to us. The Employee Assistance Programme
(EAP) provides our staff with skilled advice in difficult personal
and professional situations.

Our holistic approach to company healthcare management cre-
ates a framework for healthy working.

portunities repor

Attractive company benefits for employees

Along with remuneration, we also offer our employs many attrac-
tive company benefits. These range from private and occupational
retirement saving to risk insurance and numerous other extras.
These benefits are all very relevant for our employees and support
our positioning as an attractive employer. We are keen to promote
the mobility of our employees. Once again in 2017, staff were able
to lease bikes and bank cars. Around 5,300 employees made use
of this offer. For this first time this year the Bank included an elec-
tric car in a leasing campaign. This is a further contribution to the
Bank’s
Commerzbank also regularly offers staff the opportunity to lease
high-end IT devices for their private use.

sustainability targets and highlights electromobility.

Remuneration

As a result of the increased significance arising from greater reg-
ulation, remuneration of all employees below the level of the
Board of Managing Directors is disclosed in a separate report
(Remuneration Report pursuant to Section 16 of the Remunera-
tion Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergiitungsverordnung)).
This is published annually on the Commerzbank website at

www.commerzbank.com.

87

Group Management Report


--- Page 34 ---

Group Management Report

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Outlook and opportunities report

Future economic situation

The development of the global economy in 2018 will be deter-

mined by geopolitical risks as well as the economic development
of emerging markets. The spotlight remains on China, where
growth will probably slow somewhat. Firstly, the important con-
struction sector will expand less rapidly as real estate prices are
hardly rising any more; secondly, heavily indebted companies
(mainly state owned ones) will boost their investments at a lower
rate. The upturn in countries whose exports are dominated by raw
materials, by contrast, will continue to gain in strength.

In the USA there is every chance that the expansion which has
been under way for more than eight years will continue in 2018.
Private consumption will again rise sharply, driven by rising em-
ployment and accelerating wage growth. The same applies to cor-

porate investment, which is being buoyed by promising sales pro-
spects. In addition, the stronger crude price will again provide im-
petus to capital expenditure in oil and gas production. US exports
will probably rise as fast in 2018 as they did in 2017. To date, the
fears of a trade war which emerged during the US presidential
election campaign have not been realised. Further support is likely
to come from the tax cuts which have been approved, benefiting
both companies and employees.

The US economy is set to grow by 2.7% in 2018, again faster
than productive potential. The already low unemployment rate will
decline further. This will confirm the Federal Reserve in its expec-
tation that core inflation (excluding food and energy) is heading
up towards 2% again. We therefore assume that they will raise
benchmark interest rates in 2018, by a total of 100 basis points.

Real gross domestic product P| 20181 20191
Change from previous year

USA 2.3% 2.7 % 2.3 %
Eurozone 2.5 % 2.5 % 2.3 %
Germany 2.2% 2.5 % 1.8 %
Central and Eastern Europe 3.8% 3.4% 3.0 %
Poland 4.6% 3.8 % 3.2 %

1 The figures for 2018 and 2019 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

A very powerful recovery is underway in the eurozone, which only
a change of direction by the ECB would put at risk. There is no
sign of this on the horizon. The ECB halved its bond purchases at
the start of the year, and will only buy 30bn of securities per
month until September, gradually ceasing altogether after that.
But that does not mean the end of loose monetary policy. The ECB
deposit rate is likely to remain at -0.4% for a considerable time.
Low interest rates are making the still high debt levels of many
companies and households more sustainable.

The solid economic growth will drive unemployment down fur-
ther, but this will probably have little impact on the weak trend in
wages. Underlying inflation will also remain weak.

The UK’s vote in favour of leaving the EU will have no further
impact on the eurozone economy. For one thing, it will probably
be several years before the UK actually leaves the internal market.
We also anticipate that it will ultimately conclude an agreement
with the EU that minimises the economic disruption.

The German economy looks set to grow as fast in 2018 as it did
last year, once adjusted for the different number of working days.
On an unadjusted basis, the rise will be 2.5%, driven by vigorous
investment activity. Consumption should post sound growth once
again. Slightly higher wage increases and a continued strong rise
in employment are still giving a powerful boost to employees’
household income. Domestic demand is not the only source of
support, though. The German economy will continue to benefit
from lively global demand. It is worthy of note, however, that unit
labour costs at German companies have been rising faster than in
the rest of the currency union for several years now. And in the
property market, low interest rates are driving up prices, especially

in the major cities.


--- Page 35 ---

‘0 our Shareholders Corpora’

Responsibility

Our emp!

88 Outlook and opportunities report

The US interest rate reversal and the continuation of the ECB’s
highly expansive monetary policy will once again shape the finan-
cial markets in 2018. The end to ECB bond purchases will not have
any major upward impact on the yield of 10-year German govern-
ment bonds. The bull run on equity markets is not yet over, alt-
hough volatility is likely to rise. The current year is set to be a

Report Financial Statements Further Information

good one for equity investors once again. The healthy economy is
causing company profits to rise. The persistently loose monetary
policy is also supportive of equity valuations. The euro/dollar ex-
change rate looks set to weaken in 2018, as the Fed will probably
hike its benchmark rates more than the markets currently expect.

Exchange rates 31.12.2017 31.12.2018" 31.12.2019'
Euro/US-dollar 1.20 1.18 1.26
Euro/Sterling 0.88 0.88 0.92
Euro/Zloty 4.18 4.30 4.40

" The figures for 2018 and 2019 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

Given the tailwind for the German and European economy and a
eurozone recovery that is increasingly self-sustaining, the risks for
the economic environment in which the banking sector operates
are currently more balanced than before. Some of the dangers
previously noted remain. They include the risk of increasing pro-
tectionist tendencies, a surprise stumble in Chinese growth or po-
litical risks in Europe and the world. The vote in Sicily, for exam-
ple, increased the risk of parties critical of Europe potentially
winning the forthcoming parliament elections in Italy, and the
country’s structural weaknesses remain a risk factor for the cur-
rency union. Any escalation in the North Korean conflict or the
tussle between Saudi Arabia and Iran could sharpen the percep-
tion of geopolitical risks. The bursting of the debt bubble, cascade
effects, a massive loss of confidence and political decisions could
result in a significant setback to economic growth in China.

Over-reactions on the financial markets and misallocations in
the real economy caused by the lengthy period of expansive
monetary policy would have a direct impact on the banking sector
through interest rate and commission business. High valuations
for equities and bonds, real estate markets and private equity have
created plenty of scope for disappointment, and complacency and
optimism have in some cases got out of hand. Investors who nor-
mally buy safe assets might panic at market turbulence, and pro-
cyclical investors have become much more significant. The
planned end to low interest rates for some central banks already
risks causing financial market turmoil, especially as modest expec-
tations about the speed and extent of monetary tightening could
be disappointed. The Bundesbank recently pointed out that remeas-
urement risk, interest rate risk and default risk all occur at the
same time and can exacerbate each other.

A largely disorderly UK departure from the EU without any
transitional period or free trade agreement, which cannot be ruled
out despite the recent progress in the negotiations on the terms of
departure, would be equivalent to an economic shock and cause
harm to the German banking sector, even though there would be
marginally positive value creation effects as market-related finan-
cial services are switched to Germany. The current level of integra-
tion between the UK and the EU, especially Germany, is very high,
due to specialisation in the internal market and international value
chains. Banks’ foreign business with major German export clients
would be noticeably hit, especially, through trading, in cars, engi-
neering, electricals, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, food and textiles.
Wholesale deliveries are significant at the macro and micro-
economic level for both Germany and the UK. Research by the Ifo
Institute shows that at least 550,000 jobs in Germany depend on
exports to the UK, hence business with retail bank customers
would be directly affected. In addition, the UK’s departure from
the EU internal market and the customs union may affect trade
with other EU countries. Banks have to hope that their credit cus-
tomers identify the risks Brexit will have for their own business
models, and mitigate these. In the short term there would be major
general downside risk for the macro-economic environment from
market jitters and political uncertainty, with a negative impact on
the customers of the banking sector. The perception of serious
institutional consequences from the departure of one of the three
large member states (in terms of the balance of power, a potential
change of direction on free trade and the effect on the EU budget)
could add to this. If the UK government lowers regulatory stand-
ards in the banking sector after Brexit to support London as a
financial centre, the competitive position of the banks in the re-
maining EU countries would be harmed.

89

Group Management Report


--- Page 36 ---

Group Management Report

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

There is also ongoing uncertainty on the markets regarding the
capital adequacy, interest rate risks, non-performing loans, cyber
risks and especially profitability of European banks. The recent
finalisation of the Basel 3 regulations raises the question of con-
sistent implementation; this, together with the issues where the
supervisors were unable to reach any consensus, could cause in-
vestor uncertainty. The focus remains on individual business mod-
els for sustainable profit generation and stress resistance in the
low interest rate environment. One of the main challenges still fac-
ing banks is to adapt their business models — in view of ongoing
overcapacity in some countries coupled with new technology-
driven competitors — to the changed conditions, reduce costs and
increase profitability. This means pushing ahead with the system-
atic modernisation of banking operations and making sufficient
capacity available for digitalisation.

All in all, the eurozone banking sector is still in the middle of a
long-term structural transformation triggered by the crisis of the
last few years. The stronger capital base is offset by reductions in
implicit government guarantees, stricter rules on resolution and
greater creditor loss participation. A further reduction in leverage
exposure levels and improved asset quality in an increasingly digi-
talised and automated industry are still essential if the banking
sector is to meet the tougher requirements of banking supervisors
and fulfil investor expectations.

Economically, the sector will receive a boost in 2018 for its
business with retail and corporate customers from the macro-
economic environment. The more robust global economy is based
on an upturn which is broader in terms of countries and contribu-
tors. International trade in goods is benefiting from the broadly
rooted uptrend, as is, finally, capital expenditure; private compa-
nies in particular appear to be putting aside their unwillingness to
invest. The good performance seen in employment and incomes
continues to support consumption growth and savings. The best
environment for banks would be a steady economic upturn and a
rise in yields that is slow and only gradual. But, large repayments
by customers and the increased use of internal and alternative ex-
ternal sources of funding, along with tough competition, will limit
income growth.

The outlook for the banking environment in Poland remains
gloomy for the medium term as a result of economic policy and
the dispute with the EU over the effect of European law. We still
expect the banking sector to come under pressure from the newly
introduced bank levy and other potential measures to increase the
government's influence. The close trade relations with the UK
would also cause harm in the event of a disorderly Brexit.

The Polish economy continues to grow strongly, though. After a
healthy rise of around 4.6% in economic output last year, 2018 is
likely to see a strong gain of about 3.8%. Private consumption will
again play a major role, accentuated by fiscal policy measures
such as support programmes for families and pensioners. The
country also benefits from strong demand from Germany. In addi-
tion, as the funding period draws to an end, an increasing amount
of EU funding can be expected to be drawn down. Hence, invest-
ment should again make a perceptible contribution to growth in
2018. The positive trend in wages and unemployment should gen-
erally boost credit volumes, and the solid position of private
households and the corporate sector will be reflected favourably in
banks’ risk costs.

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group

Planned funding measures

Commerzbank anticipates a capital market funding requirement of
less than 10bn over the coming years. Commerzbank offers a
broad range of products in the capital market. In addition to unse-
cured funding instruments such as senior unsecured and Tier 2,
Commerzbank can also issue secured funding instruments, in par-
ticular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector Pfandbriefe. These
give Commerzbank stable access to long-term funding with cost
advantages compared with unsecured sources of funding. As such,
Pfandbriefe are a key element of Commerzbank’s funding mix.
Issuance formats range from large-volume benchmark bonds to
private placements. Commerzbank does not anticipate any nega-
tive effects on the placing of long-term funding instruments in the
capital market from the forthcoming Brexit negotiations.


--- Page 37 ---

‘0 our Shareho

Corporate Responsibility

Financial Statements Further Information

88 Outlook and opportunities report

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2017
bn

12

| |

2018 2019 2020" 202120222023

{MM Covered bonds Unsecured issues II Subordinated debt

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 32028

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for li-
quidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure a
comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding structure.

Planned investments

Commerzbank plans to invest around 1bn in 2018. Around two-
thirds of this relates to IT investment. Some 45% of investments
are on digitalisation, around 25% on regulatory issues and just
under 20% on our infrastructure.

Private and Small-Business Customers

The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2018 are still
initiatives relating to the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy and compli-
ance with regulatory requirements.

The focus is on continuing the digitalisation activities. These
include in particular investments in the new multi-channel plat-
form ONE, where the expansion of functionalities for customers
and employees is being steadily driven ahead. Maintenance costs

are being reduced by decommissioning individual systems, using
individual components throughout the entire Group and increasing
standardisation. Compliance requirements can be better met by
harmonising processes, products and services. The platform also
makes it possible to connect for example fintech companies, thus

making the business model more flexible.

There will also be further investment in Commerzbank’s sales
platform. The findings from analyses of customer needs will be fed
in a targeted manner to channels

such as branches, the Customer
Centre or online banking to permit an industrialised, scaled and
automated customer approach and customer service. Tailored of-
ferings targeted at specific needs increase customer satisfaction
and promote cross and upselling. This calls for the efficient use of
big data and advanced analytics as part of digital customer rela-
tionship management (DCRM). In-depth analysis of internal and
external data identifies untapped customer potential and allows
the Bank to generate tailored offerings. Analytical DCRM is also
used to generate leads: the leads generated (prospective custom-
ers) are collected, managed and processed in a targeted manner in
the customer pool. Budgets for marketing and sales campaigns
can then be allocated more efficiently.

Implementing the wide range of ever higher regulatory require-
ments in a timely and customer-centric manner remains the
Bank’s top priority. Investments are focusing on implementing the
requirements under the EU General Data Protection Regulation,
changed tax legislation and process optimisations related to the
EU Directive MiFID II.

2018 will also see more rigorous work on making the structure
of the branch business more efficient. The core of the measures
being taken is the implementation of an advisory model which
pays closer attention to a differentiated service offering in the in-
dividual locations, along with a clear digitalisation strategy. At the
same time, local presence will be consistently maintained. Invest-
ments in the branch business in 2018 will focus on the accelerated
rollout of the flagship branch format and the City branches suc-
cessfully piloted in 2017.

91

Group Management Report


--- Page 38 ---

Group Management Report

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Investments in digitalisation, the sales platform, the advisory
model and regulatory implementation will again form the basis for
the small-business customers unit in 2018. At the same time, as
part of Commerzbank 4.0 the Bank will again invest in 2018 in
specific issues relevant to companies and entrepreneurs. The fo-
cus is on further developing digital liquidity management, extend-
ing our leasing offering and the foreign business offering for cor-
porate customers. Another focus for investment will be completing
the new advisory model for small-business customers in the
branches and taking over customers from the Corporate Clients
segment. In future, small-business customers with turnover of less
than 15m will be covered across the country at over 300 loca-
tions by more than 1,600 employees specialised in dealing with
entrepreneurs.

Planned investments at mBank in financial year 2018 will again
concentrate on digitalisation. Client-related and internal processes
will be further optimised and automated in order to extend and
reinforce the leading competitive position. Against the backdrop of
digital transformation, it will be crucial to have an agile organisa-
tion. The projects planned for 2018 systematically support the
“mobile (banking) first” approach of a customer-focused multi-
channel bank. A comprehensive understanding of customers and
their needs is essential to gain new clients and retain existing
ones. The investments will make it possible to offer financial solu-
tions customised to customer needs. Further activities aim to
boost process efficiency and optimise costs. Various initiatives
from 2017 will continue in 2018. Among them are the One Net-
work project and investments to improve and standardise IT infra-
structure at mBank and IT security. The One Network project will
see further advisory centres and “light” branches opened in 2018.
There will also be investments for regulatory requirements, includ-
ing MiFID II, split payment of VAT in Poland and cooperation with
a state clearing house belonging to the national tax authority.

Corporate Clients

The investments at the Corporate Clients segment in 2018 will
again concentrate on the measures decided as part of the Commerz-
bank 4.0 strategy. The emphasis will be on the growth programme
“Leading the Future” - the top position in the Mittelstand. This
aims to gain market share and expand the market position in Ger-
many by clearly focusing all actions on the needs of sales and the
customer. At the same time, the ever rising level of digitalisation
will make it possible to reduce administrative activities in sales,
creating more time for customers and allowing better support for
existing customers, e.g. using sales analytics.

Our digital corporate client credit will be rolled out in 2018:
this lets customers make a simple online application for credit
lines of up to
the loan agreement once it has been agreed. There will also be a

5m, receive an immediate response and download

focus on actively managing compliance risks. The segment will
continue to invest globally in strengthening the compliance cul-
ture, largely by holding appropriate training sessions.

Campus/journeys

Commerzbank is transforming itself into a digital technology com-
pany in order to significantly speed up service provision for cus-
tomers while improving efficiency within the Bank. As part of
Commerzbank 4.0 the Bank is pursuing the strategic objective of
having 80% of the relevant business processes end-to-end digital-
ised by the end of 2020. The first major digitalisation processes at
Commerzbank may be completed in 2018. In addition, three fur-
ther digitalisation projects will be launched this year. Up to 1,000
staff are still working on the digital campus.

The digitalisation will not be approached in the same way as
traditional projects, but grouped into thematically related end-to-
end process bundles known as master journeys. Responsibility for
each lies with a lead executive. For each journey, implementation
will be driven forward by two members of the Board of Managing
Directors as sponsors. The journeys follow a vision the teams work
towards in short intermediate stages at set deadlines, known as
sprints. The ongoing and planned digitalisation projects are
grouped together in the Digital Campus and agile working meth-
ods are applied.

Back office

Commerzbank will continue in 2018 with the ongoing optimisation
of the IT structure. There will also be significant investment in
payment transactions and securities processing. At the end of
2017 Commerzbank entered into a strategic partnership in securi-
ties processing with HSBC Transaction Services GmbH. This will
allow Commerzbank to work on a cost efficient, modern and flexi-
ble platform.

Investments are also being made in big data and advanced an-
alytics. This describes making smart use of the data Commerz-
bank holds from public sources or is given voluntarily by custom-
ers. The aim is to address customers in a focused manner, create
added value for the customer and open up new opportunities for
business.


--- Page 39 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

the

85 Ou

emp!

Management Report

Financial Statements Further Information

88 Outlook and opportunities report

The compliance function will be reinforced in connection with
the further development of legal compliance and ethical principles.

Ever stricter regulatory requirements mean Commerzbank
needs to make substantial investments in order to comply with
national and international standards. Among the expenditure
planned in 2018 is the implementation of the EU General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Anticipated liquidity trends

In the fourth quarter of 2017 the eurozone money and capital mar-
kets were again strongly affected by the monetary policy measures
implemented by the European Central Bank (ECB) to support the
economic recovery in the eurozone and prevent deflationary
trends.

The ECB made an additional
month up to the end of 2017 through the securities purchase pro-
gramme. From January 2018 onwards it intends to buy 30bn of

60bn of liquidity available each

government bonds and other securities every month. The pro-
gramme is to run until at least the end of September 2018, nine
months longer than previously planned. There was a further in-
crease in excess liquidity to just under 1,800m as at the end of
December 2017. We expect that in 2018 the ECB will again be a
net buyer of more securities than those that fall due. The transla-
tion into demand for credit will remain modest.

The restrictive regulatory environment and ECB interest rate
policy are still having a limiting effect on turnover in the repo
market. The ECB’s purchase programme is continuing to cause a
shortage of collateral. Owing to the high excess liquidity in the
market, the volume of longer-term securities repo transactions is
restricted. Liquidity trends on the bond markets are still dictated
largely by the ECB’s activities. Secondary market liquidity, which
has already been significantly reduced, will remain modest due to
the ECB’s activities. We still anticipate that interest rates will be
negative out to three years, with persistently high demand from
investors for high-quality securities, and therefore expect credit
spreads to remain tight.

Commerzbank’s liquidity management is well prepared to cope
with changing market conditions and able to respond promptly to
new market circumstances. We also anticipate no significant im-
pact on our liquidity situation from Brexit. The Bank has a com-
fortable liquidity position that is well above internal limits and the
currently applicable requirements prescribed by the German Liquid-
ity Regulation and MaRisk.

Our business planning is done such that a liquidity cushion can
be maintained commensurate with the prevailing market condi-
tions and related uncertainties. This is supported by our stable
business model in private and corporate customer business and
continued access to secured and unsecured debt instruments in
the money and capital markets.

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business
have changed markedly in the past few years. The pressure on
profitability has increased significantly in respect of both earnings
and costs. Rising competition means old structures have to be re-
viewed and new paths taken. Whereas in the past, personal cus-
tomer relationship management was a key element of banking,
these days our customers expect multi-channel advisory services,
digital financial offerings and individual, tailor-made products. We
are rising to these challenges with the strategic initiatives we have
launched and in some cases already successfully implemented.
But we face additional challenges from increasingly stringent reg-
ulatory requirements. With this in mind, the constant review of
internal processes, structures and technical platforms to make
ourselves leaner, more efficient and more customer-oriented is not
a one-off project but an ongoing process that will occupy us over
the coming years and should enable us to largely counteract the
significantly tougher requirements.

The Commerzbank 4.0 strategy announced in autumn 2016 has
three main thrusts. Firstly, we are concentrating on businesses
with clear competitive advantages and getting rid of non-core ac-
tivities. Secondly, we are transforming ourselves into a digital
technology company. And thirdly, we are simplifying the Bank’s
structure and thus boosting our efficiency. Our aim is to be the
leading bank in Germany for private, small-business and corporate
clients. We want to provide a modern and superior range of digital
and personal services, close to the customer and offering fast and
efficient processing. We will remain personal and digital: the cus-
tomer can decide which channel to use to contact us. The Bank
concentrates its customer activities in two strong sales segments —
Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients.

93

Group Management Report


--- Page 40 ---

Group Management Report

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

By 2020 the Private and Small-Business Customers segment
will become a digital multi-channel bank in Germany. The key
elements of this are digital and analogue service offerings, new
sales platforms and a differentiated branch concept. Our network
of around 1,000 branches retains its vital central role, but we want
to achieve faster growth by combining digital platform strategies
with modern branch formats. The “ONE” sales application is a
standardised technical platform for online and branch sales.
Broad-based market coverage is assured through flagship branch-

es focusing on advisory services and city branches that combine
efficient customer service with a reduced infrastructure and lower
operating costs. With the aim of gaining two million net new cus-
tomers by 2020, the Bank is offering attractive products such as
digital instalment loans and digital asset management and working
with partners such as Tchibo, Amazon and Lufthansa. Small-
business customers are handled in a separate business unit within
the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. We combine
strong expertise in private customer business with the credit expe-
rience of Mittelstandsbank. New digital offerings coupled with a
enable us to significantly increase
our share of the business customer and smaller Mittelstand cus-

nationwide local presence will

tomer markets from 5% to 8%. The holistic advisory services take
both business and private considerations into account.

The Corporate Clients segment combines the Bank’s traditional
strengths in corporate banking — a national presence coupled with
support for customers entering international markets, a unique
relationship management model and a leading range of trade and
export financing services — with the capital market know-how of
our investment bank. We are thus creating the optimal framework
for developing solutions tailored to the specific needs of larger
companies. We will also leverage our expertise in Germany's key
industries at a European level in order to better harness it for in-
ternational growth. Our aim is to be the leading provider of hedg-
ing products for corporate clients and the number one debt house.
We strive to ensure a uniformly high quality of advice worldwide.
Corporate customer advisors in Germany not only coordinate the
involvement of product specialists, they also work with the Bank’s
global client service teams. The multilingual relationship manag-
ers and specialists on the European desks in their global markets
are in constant contact with corporate customer advisors in the
domestic market.

We will transform the Bank into a digital technology company
across all segments. This restructuring affects strategy, technolo-
gy, competence and culture. We will actively drive forward digital-
isation in the banking business and be a technology leader. We
want to be number one is all technologies that provide our cus-
tomers with speed, security and convenience.

For some time we have been involved in start-ups, both directly
and through our subsidiaries CommerzVentures, main incubator
and the digitalisation platform #openspace. We support entrepre-
neurs with good ideas, so we have a finger on the pulse of tomor-
row’s innovations. The Digital Leadership programme will support
our managers in their multiplier role for digital change.

The digital campus will become the engine driving the Com-
merzbank transformation, testing and developing new, agile work-
ing methods and new forms of cooperation. This will bring us to
results more quickly and allow us to deal with changes more flexi-
bly. We already have some success stories to show along the way,
with digital proofs relating to customer interfaces, new technolo-
gies and the digital world of work.

The specific opportunities arising for the two customer seg-
ments this year are described in the corresponding parts of the
“Segment performance” section.

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

The banking environment remained very challenging in 2017, but
Commerzbank laid important foundations for achieving a sustain-
ably higher level of profitability in the medium term with the help
of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. The 0.8bn of restructuring ex-
pense needed to implement these strategic measures was recog-
nised in full in the last financial year. In financial year 2018 Com-
merzbank will continue to focus on growth in customers and
business volumes and sustainably improving the market position
in the two core segments Private and Small-Business Customers
and Corporate Clients, and on high investment in the digital trans-
formation of the business model. This will lay the basis for consid-
erable growth in income in the coming years, as well as significant
gains in efficiency. In the Asset & Capital Recovery segment, which
groups together complex, long-term and risky portfolios that make
no strategic value contribution, Commerzbank expects to see fur-
ther substantial success in making reductions. We assume that by
the end of 2018 the ship financing portfolio can be shrunk to a
volume which is negligible for risk purposes. This will further
strengthen Commerzbank’s resilience to adverse stress scenarios.
We expect no material change to the challenging overall condi-
tions in the current business year. In addition to low or negative
interest rates, the stiffer competitive situation, reflected in lower
margins on new lending and weaker profitability in deposits, will

weigh on income.


--- Page 41 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

the

85 Ou

emp!

Management Report

Financial Statements Further Information

88 Outlook and opportunities report

In our view, any acceleration of the improvements in income
and earnings we are aiming for in the medium terms, which would

require a normalisation of the yield curve and rising rates at the
short end of the curve in particular, is unlikely in 2018. The priori-
ty in the current year, therefore, will be to improve the quality of
customer-related income and earnings. This means, firstly, that
total Group income in the current business year will probably not
quite reach the level seen in 2017. Adjusting for the exceptional,
one-time income last year, however, Commerzbank is aiming for a
slight growth in income. Secondly, the high quality of the loan
portfolio in the core Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients segments, together with the considerably low-
ered level of risk in Asset & Capital Recovery, will permit a further
significant reduction in the risk provisioning requirement. With
continued strict management of operating expenses, on our fore-
cast Commerzbank will be able to reach another milestone in 2018

on the path to higher profitability, as set out in our strategy.

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

As in the previous year, efficient asset liability management is one
of the challenges for increasing interest income in an interest rate
environment which is likely to remain difficult. The focus will be
on managing the ratio of loans to deposits by strictly controlling
deposits and growing the business in the Private and Small-
Business Customers and Corporate Clients segments. To counter
the tighter margin situation, which is being driven by competition,
Commerzbank will emphasise high-margin financing such as con-
sumer loans (now operating on a proprietary platform since mid-
2017), without neglecting strict risk metrics. We still see promis-
ing potential for growth in the private and small-customer busi-
ness in Germany and at mBank in Central and Eastern Europe. In
business with corporate customers, by contrast, who in the current
very favourable economic environment have considerable capacity
to finance themselves, only a slight expansion of business is again
likely to be possible. At Group level Commerzbank is aiming for a
slight increase in net interest income overall.

The slight increase targeted in net commission income in both
Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients is
mainly related to growth in the securities and capital markets
business. For private customers, higher volume-based income
from mandate business combined with a further expected increase
in volumes held in custody accounts should compensate for the
loss of income from distributing consumer loans and lead to higher
commission income overall.

For institutional and corporate customers, more frequent peri-
ods of volatility on the financial markets, triggering increased ac-
tivities of market participants in primary and secondary markets, is
likely to help commission business.

The uncertainties as to the performance and volatility of the
global capital markets make it difficult to forecast gains or losses
from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through
profit and loss. Commerzbank continues to apply its risk-oriented,
customer-centric approach to ensure as stable a contribution as
possible from this business. This income item now includes
remeasurement effects on assets reclassified under IFRS 9 on 1
January 2018, such as the ship financing portfolio. Commerzbank
is targeting a substantial reduction in the ship portfolio, which is
measured at fair value, by the end of 2018, without any material
effect on earnings.

We estimate that the other income items, including realised
gains or losses on financial instruments and other net income, will
in total be significantly below last year’s high level in 2018. Finan-
cial year 2017 benefited from one-off income and measurement
effects of the order of just under 500m, including gains on dis-
posal of a shareholding and a real estate transaction.

Despite our expectation that the interest rate environment will
again weigh on income, we anticipate slight growth in income on
an adjusted basis in the current year. The core income items, net
interest income and net commission income, should deliver the
lion’s share of this. Including the one-off income recognised last
year and unlikely to be repeated in 2018, or at least not on the
same scale, income overall will be slightly below last year’s figure.

Ina scenario of rising interest rates, especially at the short end
of the yield curve, we would regard a significantly larger rise in
income as realistic.

The introduction of IFRS 9 affects the forecast of the risk result,
which is comparable but not identical to the old loan loss provision
item. The risk result now includes, for example, gains or losses on
disposal of financial instruments mainly recognised at cost, a sub-
component that cannot be reliably forecast but is also not ex-
pected to be material in size. Commerzbank expects a risk result
of less than 600m for financial year 2018. Unlike in previous
years, the Asset & Capital Recovery segment will in our view no
longer require any significant risk costs. Apart from the fact that
from 1 January 2018 measurement changes on the ship financing
portfolio are reported in the gain or loss on financial assets meas-
ured at fair value, the now advanced reduction of the ACR portfolio
also plays a role in this.

95

Group Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

Group Management Report

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

One major reason for the expected significant rise in the risk
result related to the Private and Small-Business Customers and
Corporate Clients segments also has to do with the introduction of
IFRS 9: since the start of this year, expected credit losses on a
one-year view must be booked at the time of initial recognition for
new lending business, regardless of whether any impairment ex-
pense is actually incurred. The strategic decision to operate the
high-margin consumer finance business, with comparatively high-
er expected risk costs, on Commerzbank’s own platform will there-
fore push up the expected risk result. The expected growth in
credit risk costs in the core business areas does not, overall, reflect
any deterioration in the very good quality of our loan portfolio.
The expectation of above-average portfolio quality is also reflected
in our forecast that in the current year only a relatively small share
of the risk result is likely to relate to value losses caused by a sig-
nificant deterioration of credit quality, known as phase 2 impair-
ments under IFRS 9. From 1 January 2018 expected lifetime losses
in the risk result must be taken through profit and loss when credit
exposures suffer a material rating deterioration.

Commerzbank expects the operating expense in 2018 to be be-
low last year’s level thanks to continuous efficiency improvements;
our cost base should be capped at 7.0bn. Investments to increase
future profitability, such as the digitalisation campaign in all divi-
sions of the Group, are planned to be on the same scale as in
2017. We also anticipate no let up in regulatory costs, such as
banking levies, which again rose significantly in 2017, for the fore-
seeable future. The first favourable cost impact will be felt in the
course of 2018, although the positive effects from the planned effi-
ciency enhancement measures such as the headcount adjustment
are not scheduled to become increasingly visible until the years
that follow. By providing in full for the restructuring expense last
year we have laid the foundations for sustainably reducing the cost
base to 6.5bn in financial year 2020.

Anticipated segment performance

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, higher cus-
tomer numbers and business volumes remain the key driver of
income. We regard the steady conversion to a multi-channel bank
with innovative branch and sales concepts and increasing digitali-
sation of products and processes as a competitive advantage al-
lowing us to gain further market share and improve profitability.
The lending business will remain a focus for growth, although the
unhelpful interest rate and competitive environment is such that
the planned volume growth will probably not be fully felt in growth
in income.

We will particularly push ahead with the high-margin consumer
loan business in 2018, but we are also planning volume growth
above the market average again in real estate financing. Increased
penetration of the existing customer base offers further scope to
boost income. The focus is on a product range which is tending to
narrow, but the increasing digitalisation of the offering improves
customer benefits and simultaneously makes it possible to gain in
efficiency. The segment also anticipates cost efficiency from pro-
cess optimisation, e.g. by extending the central ONE sales plat-
form. Our Polish subsidiary mBank, which operates one of the
most innovative direct banking platforms in Europe, will
build on its good market position in both corporate and private
customer business, especially in its home market. A further rise in
income is therefore expected. Operating expenses should grow in
line with income, despite another expected heavy burden from

further

regulatory costs. In our view, the forecast significant increase in
the risk result for the whole Private and Small-Business Customers
segment is mainly related to the introduction of IFRS 9 and does
not reflect any material change in the high quality of the loan
book. All in all we expect a significant increase in income in the
Private and Small-Business Customers segment in 2018 on an ad-
justed basis, i.e. excluding the 200m or so of one-off income rec-
ognised in the year under review. Taken with slightly lower operat-
ing expenses, there should be a significant improvement in
operating profit and operating return on equity. There is likely to
be a slight drop in the cost/income ratio.

Under the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, the Corporate Clients
segment will focus in 2018 on further strengthening and improv-
ing its leading market position in many areas. As well as accessing
new customer groups, including abroad, the broadening of the
existing customer base and associated market share gains should
boost profitability. Areas of business where Commerzbank has par-
ticular competitive strengths, such as trade financing, have the
potential for further growth in income. The transformation to the
agreed target organisational structure will also be driven forward,
including the spin-off of Equity Markets & Commodities. It re-
mains our firm intention to bring these business activities to the
market in the short to medium term. Segment activities in the cur-
rent year will focus on the ongoing transformation of advisory and
sales processes and the continuing digitalisation and modernisa-
tion of the product range, which will allow increasing efficiency
gains over time. The income side will continue to be held back by
tighter margins as a result of stiffer competition in new lending
and knock-on effects from activities discontinued in 2017 which
are no longer part of the core business. By rigorously implement-
ing the planned growth initiatives the Corporate Clients segment is
aiming to increase income overall above the level seen last year.


--- Page 43 ---

0 our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Our emp!

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

88 Outlook and opportunities report

Operating profit should also rise somewhat. This forecast is
based on the assumption that the expected significant rise in the
risk result primarily related to the introduction of IFRS 9 can be
largely compensated by the targeted slight decline in operating
expenses. With the operating return on equity forecast to change
little, we assume a slight improvement in the cost/income ratio.

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment will continue the reduc-
tion strategy it has been successfully implementing over recent
years in 2018. We are confident that the ship financing portfolio
can be reduced to a level which is scarcely material from the risk
perspective by the end of 2018. Further focused portfolio sales are
possible in commercial real estate, and on an opportunistic basis
in public finance, provided they meet the objective of protecting
value. Income will fall significantly accordingly. Following the re-
classification of the ship financing portfolio to an “other” business
model after the introduction of IFRS 9, measurement changes are
no longer reflected in the risk result but in gain or loss from finan-

cial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and
loss. Only the commercial real estate portfolio is largely still classi-
fied under the “hold” business model, in other words a deteriora-
tion in credit quality results in risk provisioning charges being re-
ported in the risk result. On our forecast, the gain or loss on fair
value measurement in 2018 will hit profitability materially less
than loan loss provisions did in 2017, which were required almost
solely for ship financing. This assumption is based on the view
that there will be signs of recovery in some segments of the global
shipping market during the current year, but whether these can be
sustained is highly uncertain. Even in a stress scenario with char-
ter rates falling further, however, the forecast of relatively lower
risk costs should remain valid thanks to the strong reduction in the
size of the portfolio. The risk result is likely to be materially lower.
Overall for Asset & Capital Recovery, excluding measurement ef-
fects (which regularly make up a substantial amount of total in-
come but cannot be reliably forecast), we anticipate another signif-
icant reduction in the operating loss.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

In financial year 2018 Commerzbank will focus on continuing to
implement the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. On our forecast, slightly
lower income with slightly lower operating expenses and a signifi-
cant fall in the risk result will give an operating profit almost on
the level of the previous year and a slightly worse cost/income
ratio. Excluding the effect from one-off income last year, operating
income this year will rise slightly, resulting in a slight improve-
ment in the cost/income ratio; on this adjusted basis there is a sig-
nificant improvement in operating profit. As no more significant
restructuring expenses are likely to be needed, we expect a strong
rise in the consolidated surplus in the current year. As a result we
see the return on equity and economic value added on a substan-
tially higher level. We expect the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
(after full application of Basel 3) to fall to around 13.3% as at
1 January 2018 due to initial application of IFRS 9 and be at least
13% at the end of the year. Temporary fluctuations in the ratio
during the year due to market movements cannot be ruled out.

We plan to use the profit for the year mainly to further
strengthen the capital base by retaining it. In view of Commerz-
bank’s comfortable equity capital position and the intention to fur-
ther improve the risk profile, we are aiming to pay a dividend for
financial year 2018.

Despite the clearly strengthened resilience to external influ-
ences in recent years, there are numerous risk factors that could
affect the forecast profit for 2018 to a considerable but not reliably
quantifiable extent should events take an unfavourable turn. These
include the geopolitical situation, which is marked by great uncer-
tainty and significant regional tensions. Widely diverging trends in
interest rates between the USA, where a normalisation of mone-
tary policy is now well under way, and Europe for example, where
an end to unconventional central bank measures is only starting to
emerge, could result in large price corrections on the capital mar-
kets. Excessive volatility on the financial markets could also be
triggered by sharp swings in the currency markets and the very
high level of valuations on international bond and stock markets.

97

Group Management Report


--- Page 44 ---

Group Management Report

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

This could significantly harm the currently very positive eco-
nomic outlook in many economies, especially Germany, which is
closely integrated into the world economy. Other risk factors in-
clude unfavourable trends in the regulatory or legal environment,
which could delay the impact of the intended cost improvements,
or bring about a further tightening of the competitive situation in
Germany, which could limit potential income by making the mar-
gins on new business unattractive from a risk/return perspective.

Group Risk Report

The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the An-
nual Report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.
